<Author>globaltravelkid
<Content>Horrible Tea Gone Awry For my partner's 45th birthday I planned an incredible surprise: booked 2 tickets round trip from NYC to LAX. I arranged w/Ariana G at Hotel Bel Air a private table w/swans and candles and flowers for the special Champagne Tea celebration. We flew 6 hours to LAX, rented the car, drove to the hotel, and then were flying home back to NYC on the redeye. My emails confirmed everything. We arrived 20 mins early to the hotel and were told that we had to wait for tea to begin and our table to be prepared. Okay, so in the interim we asked to see a room as there was plenty of occupanc to do this, yet we were asked to wait 20 mins by the fireplace. We did this and staff forgot about us, so we returned to the tea promptly at the time tea offiially begins. Now we were seated and we waited, and waited, and waited for someone to greet us at the table....an unheard of 15 minutes....on my partner's special birthay! Of cousre I hadn' planned this type of a surprise--to fly my partner across the country to be ignored by this hotel staff. So I picked up the phone, explained the situation to the Penninsula, and while we drove there, they prepared a talbe by the fireplace, arrange a private harpist to do 'happy birthday,' and greeted us champagne. That is service on a moment's notice, and we hadn't even the 4 emails that I DID have w/the hotel bel air. I will continue to give my company's business in Beverly HIlls to the Penninsula and not to this stuffy, tired, snobby, and tired hotel staff of the Hotel Bel Air. They should treat everyone as if everyone chose their hotel out of all of the competition just to fly across the country to arrange a special tea service there!  
<Date>Dec 8, 2008
<Rating>1	1	-1	4	2	1	1	1	

<Author>frenchandparisian
<Content>NO POINT BOOKING ANYWHERE ELSE This august, we did our 2nd and 3rd stay at Hotel Bel Air. My partner, mother-in-law and I had been staying here last year as the highlight of our US vacation, and liked it so much we wanted our sisters to share the experience.It started with on a great note, with the valet parking greeting us from last year, and Roger the bellman starting the conversation where it has stopped last year with my m-i-law, who does not speak a single word of english, let alone understand one.It turned sour when we realized our reservation from march had been messed up : one of our 3 rooms was supposed to be a twin, and was a king. Front desk went all red, apparently very embarassed. But there was no twin available. He explained that the previous guest had staid longer, and our room was not available, which I find unprofessional, unacceptable and none of my business : he should have just lied, and mentionned a fire, a flood, or anything beyond his control. He was apologetic, and as for the requested compensation, asked what time would I like the GM to be in touch with me.Back from dinner, we found that a bottle of champagne, flowers and chocolates had been delivered, only to the wrong room, which when I mentionned to him, he thought was joke. It was not.At 9.00 am the next morning, the GM was on the phone, asking what he could do for me. Hell, just get my reservation right, apart from the fatct that the Gd DL had no patio and was therefore disppointing ! He said that the hotel was booked solid, but the room would be modified accordingly, offered 25% discount on the night where the bed had to be shared, and a downgrade to the next rate for the whole, which I found acceptable.Coming back later in the afternoon, the room had really been modified ; they had changed the King to 2 Twins, and completely changed the decoration around it. Spectacular, it looked like another room.Lather that evening, room service turned up with another bottle of champagne, only vintage this time, and some canap茅s. Only it was once again to the wrong room. Anyway.Apart from this, the forst stay was stellar. Nothing is too much for any of the staff, who are yet totally unobtrusive. The concierge booked us at Spago and also at Geoffrey (Malibu) at last minute notice. We loved every inch of the property, every second of our stay. Loved it actually so much that my partner and I were returning to LA the next stay, and had booked ourselves into the Beverly Hills Hotel. One afternoon, I was sitting in one of the courtyards, surrounded by flowers, squirrels jumping in the pines, that I realized I could not face going to the busy-noisy BHH, whose rooms and bathrooms I love. I asked them for a room : fully booked, they promised they would look for any opportunity.On check-out the GM discounts were there. They gracefully accepted to store most of our luggage, as we checked-in a rented Navigator for our party of 5, and checked-out in cute rented A4 convertible for the 2 of us, and we can't travel light. At that point no one knew if we would be back for a stay.They found a DL room with patio, as requested, probably the nicest of all we saw / stayed in. They even put us on a package, with free breakfast and valet parking, for less than the rack rate. Great service again, so friendly and efficient. Amazing concierge, she found a table at Cut 2 days before.It is true, still true unfirtunately, that the bathrooms litterally date back from another century, perhaps not the 20th ... It really is the only downside of that worldclass place.I can't wait to return.We'll be beck next summer.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>Marvinator
<Content>Oasis of Civility The Bel Air is one of the most civilized hotels in the world. It's not loud or ostentatious, rather it is quiet, beautifully appointed with the most outstanding service I've ever experienced. I highly recommend this bastion of graciousness.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>GogoSanFrancisco
<Content>Beautiful grounds and excellent service We were invited to a wedding being held at the Bel Air in late August. We decided to splurge and stay at the hotel for the weekend. Check-in went smoothly and the front desk people were very friendly and professional. We had booked a Grand Deluxe King Fireplace  Patio room, and it was lovely.We really enjoyed sitting out on the patio during downtimes throughout the weekend. It was very quiet and lovely. Our first night there we were meeting friends for dinner at Musso  Frank's and had planned to call a cab but then we learned that there was a free hotel car service. They told us to call the bellman five minutes before we were ready to leave and voila, we walk out the entrance and our towncar was waiting. Very nice.Apart from the lovely grounds, I was impressed with how friendly and attentive the staff people were. I don't think I passed a single employee in the course of my stay who didn't smile and say hello.I have only one very minor complaint. Shortly after we arrived a fruit basket and bottle of champagne were delivered to our room. I read in other reviews that this seems to be standard practice. When we were presented with it the man who delivered it said, This is compliments of the hotel. Two cards were delivered with it as well, one saying compliments of the hotel and the other saying, Welcome to the hotel, thanks for coming, and it was signed by my friends who were having the wedding.We decided the fruit and champagne were from the hotel, and the card from my friends was just that--a card welcoming us. It was a little awkward when we thanked our friends for the card later and they said, A card? We sent you a fruit basket and champagne!Other than that slight confusion, we loved this hotel, and would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>BuryFoodLover
<Content>A true sanctuary located on the doorstep of a major city       Garden Suite living area  
<Date>Sep 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>PandEKew
<Content>Exceptional service and a really great setting Set up in the hills, this luxury hideaway was a great spot for us to relax for a couple of days. The fabulous pool was great for lounging, with Evian on tap and the best Marguaritas! The staff were great and often greeted us by name as we walked around the hotels wonderful gardens.We had a room with a private patio which was great value compared to other California hotels. The highlight of our stay was being served a candlelit dinner on our patio - not the usual standard of room service!  
<Date>Sep 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	1	

<Author>ultimatefood
<Content>OK but definitely not up to the Beverly Hills Hotel standards! We recently completed a four day stay at the Hotel Belair. I would have to say we were disappointed. I note ,after reading other reviews, that we are in the minority. But our issues seem to be the same as others who were disappointed had. In general the service was excellent and everyone seemed to be really trying very hard. Given the physical plant they have to work with I can understand. More on this later. We arrived around 6PM and were apologetically told that our room wasn't ready yet and we were offered free cocktails and drinks while we waited. Certainly appropriate and very nice. She mentioned that the room was by the pool. I was worried that this would not be quiet as I had requested when I made my reservation. I had been told not to worry as all the rooms were quiet so I didn't worry. When we got to the room it was clearly not quiet. The voices of children playing in the pool was disconcerting to say the least and this was 7 o'clock. I can't imagine what it would be like earlier in the day. Perhaps they were having us wait hoping the kids would be gone? The room's window faced the patio which was quite exposed to the pool area thus making it impossible to open the drape and maintain any semblance of privacy. I noted that the drape was drawn when we were shown the room and I fully understand why. I said that this room was not acceptable and at first was told that they had no others available but that they would see if they could change our room the next day. I was then getting more upset and finally they did indeed have another room. The other room they moved us to was quiet and faced a beautiful garden area. It was, unfortunately, very small (at least at the room rate of over $600 a night with tax). Everything was really crammed in and there was really no sitting area other than the desk, the bed and the outdoor patio. It was about the size of the small standard rooms at The Beverly Hills Hotel years ago before they did the major renovation. The bed was very nice but the bathroom was small, cramped and not up to the luxury standards that should be appropriate here. Little details were just not up to snuff (the towels were thin and worn rather than fluffy and luxurious etc.). One morning we were woken up by hammering, banging, sawing and drilling in the room next door. I called to complain and they said they would speak to security (?). Finally they called back after 30 minutes to say they were making repairs. I feel that a hotel of this supposed level of quality and service should go the extra mile and check to see if we had left our room (check the do not disturb sign) before turning our next door room into a construction site and waking us up. I noted no offer of breakfast, cocktails etc. for this intrusion. We did have dinner at the restaurant and it was excellent. I have been staying at the Beverly Hills Hotel for many years and feel there is no comparison. The Hotel Belair seems like The Beverly Hills Hotel years ago before the renovation brought it up to current luxury standards. All in all, as you walk in, walk around etc. it seems like a step-down imitation of The Beverly Hills. Great staff, disappointing hotel  
<Date>Aug 30, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	4	3	5	5	-1	

<Author>mike_la_jolla
<Content>On arrival, I had to break up a fight in self-park lot between about 15 hummingbirds. They were MAD and apparently 鈥榗ouldn鈥檛 get along鈥? The stay went up from there. The room was very comfortable. The porter showed me how to work the wood burning fireplace in the room. This confused me since Bel Air is in Los Angeles, and August is the middle of, like, summer. Later, I had to wait about 30 minutes for a seat at the bar 鈥?the place was packed with (rich) locals. The food was terrific, but got cold as I spent too much time talking to the bartender who was fascinating and, much to my surprise, was NOT AN ASPIRING ACTOR!Seriously 鈥?I have stayed at more 5 star hotels than I can count. And I rarely arrive at a property and say 鈥榳ow 鈥?this is cool鈥? Well, I said to myself when I arrived here. The grounds of this hotel outdo the nicest botanical garden I have ever visited by a wide margin: comfortable, calm, thickly wooded, and just beautiful. This is just a stellar property and managed accordingly. If there is a nicer hotel in LA, I haven鈥檛 seen it. This one ranks near the top of my list worldwide of any hotel in any category. If you go, make sure to greet the pet swans near the front pond. I would note that this hotel is not terribly near the normal attractions you would want to see in Los Angeles, so a car is necessary.The only complaint I had with my stay was the morning paper was the *despicable* NY Times. I had expressly asked for a WSJ, but apparently they have trouble, in LA, getting the weekend version of the WSJ. This, for a hotel of this caliber, was a little hard to believe 鈥?  
<Date>Aug 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>seattlefamilyoffive
<Content>beautiful and quiet Our adult family came to LA to view a special exhibit at the Getty Center and we stayed at the Hotel Bel Air for 4 nights in the middle of August. The hotel is tucked up in the hills, away from the hustle and bustle, in beautiful Bel Air. There is nothing within walking distance as it is a totally residential area. The hotel is extremely quiet, no traffic or other loud noises. It is all open-air with tiled walkways beautifully landscaped with mature plantings, trees and flowers. We especially enjoyed the pool area which was surrounded with palm trees and where the service was outstanding. The food was fresh and delicious, especially the salads, and the berries and other fruit. Gorgeous and very tasty. The staff was polite and friendly and always happy to go the extra mile. No request too small for immediate attention. All in all it was a very relaxing, rejuvenating experience.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>lovemypup
<Content>Cannot say enough good things about this hotel! This was my second stay at this fabulous property. I'd arrived on an overseas flight from he** the morning I checked in. Despite the fact that check-in is 3pm, they promptly accommodated my arrival at 11:30 am, and were gracious enough to give me the specific room I had requested that I'd enjoyed the year before.The people who work there are unobtrusive but extremely accommodating. I called to schedule a spa appointment, and was given an in-room appointment for the following morning. I called to inquire about using a microwave, and was asked did I want room service to heat my item up for me or should they bring a microwave to the room--no charge. They promptly brought a tub mat and foam pillow to the room when requested. The airline broke a piece of my luggage and the concierge recommended a wonderful luggage store (I ended up buying 2 pieces!!). Truly, no request is too great.The Restaurant is wonderful. . .I had a fabulous steak dinner the night before Ieft. Service and setting are both superb.The gardens and ponds are legendary, as they should be. I was stopped on my walk one morning as I watched a hummingbird go from one flower to another. And I spent much time enjoying breakfast each morning on my patio with its own little fountain...what a life.But my absolute favorite part of this property is the swimming pool. There is no other pool like it. . .so beautiful and serene, incredibly relaxing--it's a wonderful place to while away an hour, have lunch, or actually swim! They maintain the water at a steady 82 degrees. . . Ahhhhh. . .I believe myself to be a hotel junkie--I love to try different hotels every time I travel to a city. . .but from now on in LA, there's no reason to hotel shop anymore. I will gladly consider the Hotel Bel Air my home away from home as often as I can.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>achicagonative
<Content>Luxury, Service and Discretion The Hotel Bel-Air - it鈥檚 all about luxurious low-key discretion. That鈥檚 probably why it鈥檚 a haven for the see-and-be-seen celebrity that needs some private time. Everyone here is treated equal 鈥?lavishly. From the moment you wind up through the pristine residential neighborhood of Bel-Air, you know there鈥檚 comfort just up the road.This was our first visit. I was in on business and brought my wife along for an extended four-day stay. It was also our first time in a bona fide 鈥渂outique鈥?hotel. Lush property and unpretentious customer service are the two key components here. From the valet, receptionist, bell hop, maid, pool personnel, restaurant server, bartenders, concierge and so on, it couldn鈥檛 have been any better. What was so nice is this specialized service seemed truly earnest and not put on 鈥?that鈥檚 the difference.Yes, there was celebrity around but it鈥檚 tough to see unless you鈥檙e looking for it (and it鈥檚 very dimly lit and night) and after one day we thought heck - who cares, they鈥檙e here for the same reason we are - to be pampered and luxuriate in this wonderful place.Every positive review preceding mine was spot on. No need to revisit every detail; this place is a perfect ten. And it鈥檒l probably be a 10.5 once the new spa is complete in fall 鈥?hey know I鈥檝e got a reason to go back.Enjoy!  
<Date>Aug 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>OrrvilleRedRider
<Content>It's all about service My wife, 11 year old son and I have a brief, but very satisfactory, stay at the Hotel Bel-Air in early May, 2008. This was our fifth stay at the Bel-Air, and was as pleasant and welcoming as all of the prior stays.We had just come from a 2 night stay at the San Ysidro Ranch (see my review), and so the first thing I noticed when we checked into our one-bedroom suite at the Bel-Air was that the furnishings seemed a bit worn by comparison (the SYR has just finished a complete refurbishment, so everything is bright and shiny). That said, on settling in I concluded that there was nothing about our suite that demanded replacement 鈥?and everything was in good repair. The suite was very comfortable, and quiet. The linens and bedding were all first rate, as always. There鈥檚 nothing flashy about the Bel-Air. There are no large public spaces to 鈥渟ee and be seen鈥? Don鈥檛 stay here if you want a big lobby. The Bel-Air is more about retreating from the hustle of LA, and being cocooned in an oasis of civility.I will note that the older hotel maxim of 鈥渄on鈥檛 stay in the cheapest room鈥?applies to the Bel-Air. Some of the standard rooms are quite tight, and look directly into passageways.What sets the Bel-Air apart is the service. My wife has always commented that the staff appears to treat every guest with the same courtesy and deference as they would a celebrity. This time was no different. Two events confirmed the high level of service offered by the Bel-Air: (1) My wife and son went for a swim, and I was relaxing in the room. Room service knocked, bringing a welcome bottle of wine and some snacks. The room service attendant noticed our son鈥檚 belongings in the living room, and asked if we had a child a with us. I replied that we did. He apologized for not bringing anything for our son, and asked our son鈥檚 preferences. I told him our son liked apple juice. He returned just a few minutes later, with the apple juice and also with some maple pecan popcorn. The awareness of the attendant 鈥?he didn鈥檛 just deliver his items, he paid attention 鈥?exemplifies many of our experiences at the hotel.(2) My son had some homework to do and needed a dictionary. We went to the concierge, to find out if she might have one. She didn鈥檛, but suggested that we try an on-line dictionary using the guest internet terminals. A front desk clerk overheard the conversation 鈥?and came rushing out with the front desk鈥檚 own dictionary, which he insisted that we use. Again, a staff member was paying attention to the needs of the guests.I could give many other similar examples from our prior stays.We鈥檒l be back.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jamieagogo1
<Content>It's No Beverley Hills Hotel Every year for our anniversary, my husband and I stay at a high end hotel. Since last year we stayed at the Beverley Hills Hotel we decided to try the Hotel Bel Air this time. While there are stellar reviews on this place, and it is often named as one of the top hotels in the US, I was less than impressed. I wish someone had told me the following details as it would have really helped me not to make such an expensive mistake as choosing the Bel Air:Extremely remote location, no lobby or central areas at all, it's all about the grounds, plants, flowers etc.. The non-suite rooms are located in a separate building out back, across a service road, facing either the main road (traffic-ish) or the dumpster area (no smells, just noise). We upgraded to the best possible non-suite room and that's where we were anyway. We did have a fireplace a super small patio area with a small table for two and two plastic outdoor chairs. If you want a fire, they ask you to call a bellman and we were beyond tipped out so did it ourselves. The room was nicely decorated, but quite small. The pool was nicer than the pictures on their website, but fill up fast on weekends as there are only about 25 of them. There is only one restaurant, and it is expensive. Our modest room service breakfasts (oatmeal, fruit, two eggs, coffee - for two - was $100 per day with their additional charges added on. The restaurant was good for dinner, but we took friends to the $65 brunch and it was the all time low point. Food had to go back twice (cold, then runny egg whites.). They actually removed one of the 4 brunches from the bill so only $200 for a bad brunch for 4. The entire staff, from start to finish, seemed edgy - but it could have been me.And really, nothing can compare to the thrill of the Beverley Hills Hotel for us. Think twice before staying here,spending this kind of money on a place we always wanted to drive away from really ruined our weekend.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	4	5	3	2	-1	

<Author>JeroenR
<Content>Excellent 5 star Experience       Hotel grounds  
<Date>Jun 22, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Piltonian
<Content>One of the best in the world Truly a place that knows its business.From start to finish, the experience is everything one would want. Arrive at the discrete entrance, an intelligent and interested employee sorts your car and your luggage whilst escorting you across the bridge to check in. The rooms are mainly in single level villas, spread along various winding pathways in beautiful and immaculate gardens - so there's noise neither from above nor nearby, and it never feels crowded as you make you way through the hotel. Every detail is carefully attended to - the valet parking noticed I opened the roof on my car, so afterwards always delivered it to me with the roof ready down, the rubbish cleared out, fresh bottles of chilled water in the cup holders. The pool attendant placed a towel on the ladder the moment I dived in - and had everything from fruit to sun lotion and magazines to hand in case you wanted it.The concierges really made the place. Tickets for the Getty Villa, arrangements for the best studio tour you can get, advice on good routes to destinations for seeing interesting stuff along the way, all this and much more. The best was to describe a type of skateboard I wanted to take back as a gift, but didn't know the name of - and come back to my room to find one sitting on the desk.Rooms are excellently specced out and every one of the staff was of the highest calibre - from the gardener I asked about some work they were doing to the parking staff, the bar waiters - and of course those concierges.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>JimSAtlanta
<Content>Beautiful Oasis in a concrete jungle Where to start.....The hotel is a throwback to old Hollywood Glamor. The service is impeccible from the moment you arrive. The rooms are tasteful and complete, and any need you have will be addressed by the management. The hotel bar is amazing and again, a throwback to a more classier era. The food is incredible. The property is one of the most beautiful places you will ever visit. This hotel will take you back to a place where service means something, and the beauty will make you glad you selected the Hotel Bel Air over one of the concrete jungles of today. You truely leave the outside world behind when you enter the property  
<Date>May 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>brooksz
<Content>Absolutely Lovely Hotel in Los Angeles       Entry to Suite  
<Date>Apr 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>5-starTravelers
<Content>Great service, antiquated property and rooms We stayed at this hotel after consulting trip advisor. And somehow I missed the reviews specific to room issues. We booked a grand deluxe room through AMEX FHR and upon arrival, asked for the upgrade to a one bedroom suite. There weren't any available (one of the challenges with a smaller property). They promised to try and upgrade us to a larger room the next night if one became available. (They never did call to inform us either way.) We also found out later that the one bedroom suites aren't much larger and don't offer fireplaces. The saving grace in our tiny, antiquated room was the fireplace so don't book a room without one. Our patio backed up against the new spa construction site - there is no spa on property currently and the fitness center (under remodel) is temporarily and tightly forced into two adjoining rooms (stay away from rooms above 300 on the far side of the property, across the service road). Peering over the wall into a ditch, listening to the hum of a generator did not incite feelings of romance so we decided to look at a couple of alternate locations. Both were above 300s and overlooking the ditch. Room design was longer with less patio space, no real sitting area (couch was very awkwardly squished to the side of the wall) and furnishings were reminiscent of my grandmother's living room (think lace doilies, gold lamps, floral patterns). We opted to stay where we were. My husband's real complaint was the lack of space in the room (he's 6'2) and he joked that we are much bigger people than we were in 1927. Our room contained a king size bed (very comfortable with beautiful linens) a small queen anne style loveseat (very small) and tea table. There was a dresser along the side wall. It was diffcult for us to both move around at the same time. Once we settled in, we decided to walk the property - the true reason we chose the Bel Air ( a sanctuary in the bustle of the city). I'm sad to say, we were sorely disappointed. The swan pond had one swan with a sign do not feed the swans we joked it should read do not feed the swan We walked along the creek and noticed empty bottles and trash strewn about. We made our way up to the herb garden and walked through several spider webs. Throughout the property we noticed hand carts, buckets, other service items in plain view of the walkway. We decided to spend our time on property in our room. Fortunately, we had an extensive itinerary planned off-site, but we chose the Bel Air for the quaint experience and at the end of the day, we would have prefered the predictability of the Four Seasons. The food was good and service was definitely 5-star, but overall the experience was over-priced and over-rated. We won't be returning.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>2	1	1	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>Objective37
<Content>Hotel Bel Air........where to be glamourous with the Hollywood A Listers! The Hotel Bel Air in Beverly Hills was a hotel experience to be remembered.We loved it in every way.The staff of Concierge Mark, Recepionist Diego, and the whole team made us feel welcome from the moment we arrived.Our suite was private, exclusive and soooooooooo comfortable.The property is the place to be seen in Hollywood and over lunch the curiousity of spotting your fellow guest exceeds the wonderful dining experience.The valet parking immediately creates a sense of service and exclusivity from the moment you arrive as does the welcome tea, five star home baking , and welcoming staff.The resteraunt is equally excellent and wortth exploring.Hotel Bel Air is my kinda hotel .The drivers by the way are great and worth asking about Beverly Hills.I want to go back as soon as I can!p.s........for comtemporary art lovers and those who like the alternative.............check out the wiseman collection down the road!Remember though that its exclusive and a wonderful chance to see how Fred Wiseman and his estranged wife lived .Enjoy your stay and tell them I cant wait for our return  
<Date>Apr 2, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DNewYork
<Content>The Perfect Retreat Staying at The Hotel Bel Air was a remarkable experience that I would highly recommend to any sybarite. From the moment you check in to the hotel and pass the swans in the pond, your senses are greeted with the beauty of the property and the smell of the colorful flowers that everywhere. Here are the specifics:The Service--This was the most outstanding feature of the hotel. Every employee was beyond generous and willing to extend themselves in every way possible. In fact, after we left my partner forgot a charger in the room. It was Fed-Exed to the next stop on our vacation, but did not arrive on time. The head of security at the Bel Air credited our account at the hotel to cover the Fed-Ex charge. He called promptly and did everything he could to resolve this slight mix-up.The Grounds--Terrific places for sitting and relaxing. Lots of little off-the-beaten path spots. I never felt crowded and I always felt secure in knowing that I could find a quiet location outside of my room.The Location--It is up Stone Canyon Road in Bel Air, so the hotel is not downtown and it does take a while to get places. However, to me, this was a plus. It allowed my partner and I to feel as though we were escaping into a hidden world tucked away from the vibe of the city.The Room--We had a standard room--room 105. While the room was not a suite, nor did it have its own patio or fireplace (many do), it felt spacious and it was very comfortable. Linens and towels are all top notch, as are the bath products. The rooms are also not overdone, which is always a pleasant surprise.The Pool--Very elegant and comfortable. Also, very quiet, which I adore.The Gym--It's small, remember the hotel only has about 90 rooms. Yet, it was never over-crowded and it had plenty of equipment.The Bar and Restaurant--Very tasty and the bar has a very old-world feeling. The service here was terrific.Concierge--I worked closely with a concierge named Mark who was a fund of information. Very helpful with directions and advice. Overall--I would not suggest this hotel for business travelers because it is away from the rest of the city and things like the Internet always seemed slow, but the setting and beauty of this place should be experienced by everyone at least once. The next time you are in LA, go and go quickly!  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	3	

<Author>BFCanada
<Content>A perfect star quality hotel! I am relatively new to this travel site and find it wonderful for information on locations around the world. I am trying to catch up on relaying my experiences on our travels this past year. We have had some wonderful experiences and have been very fortunate to find boutique hotels that offer so much more than the chain hotels of the past. Although this hotel has been around for some time, this was our first experience and we we were very pleased. My daughter and her husband live in Los Angeles and had an event at this hotel last summer. We along with other family members stayed here and we all just loved it! There is an old hollywood star quality to this place. It is hidden in Bel Aire but it is close to so much. Just minutes away from sightseeing and not far from the beach either. Not a beach hotel but I didn't realize how close we were. I believe it was approximately a 40 minute drive to the beach. The grounds were beautiful and we loved the piano bar and restaurant. Strolling around the grounds in the mornings, it was so peaceful. Just a lovely hotel with great service and a boutique ambiance. We loved it!  
<Date>Mar 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>CleoDoylestown
<Content>Nowhere Better This place continues to amaze.We spent a week in January and it rained every day but we still had a great time. Upon check-in I asked for another room due to a lack of a dresser in the room. We were upgraded to a grand deluxe room, the only one on the property without a patio or fireplace. It was extremely comfortable and we spent a lot of time in the room.We were treated like royalty the whole time we were there. Granted we spent a considerable amount of money (we ate at least 10 meals at the hotel) and the concierge secured great tables for us at prime time at three restaurants that are typically difficult to get into.The staff could not have been more gracious or friendly. They repeatedly stopped to speak with us and allowed themselves to be drawn into lengthy conversations if we were so inclined.  
<Date>Mar 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TravelingManSpokane
<Content>Five Stars My family and I stayed here for two nights in January 2007. I had grown up in nearby Pacific Palisades and had come here dozens of times over the years for special occasions, Thanksgiving or Christmas dinner, etc. The Bel Air Hotel has always been, and continues to be, a fabulous place. It's just a few miles off busy Sunset Boulevard but feels far removed from the hustle and bustle of city life in Los Angeles. The grounds are lush and immaculate and the swans in the pond are as beautiful and feisty as ever. The restaurant has undergone some major renovations over the years and the menu has been completely overhauled. The wine list is stunning. It is, to be sure, an incredibly expensive place to stay but it is an experience not to be missed. Our connecting rooms were spacious and delightful. The pool has always been a great place to relax but it was unseasonably cold during our stay and could have been heated to a much warmer temperature. The front desk staff has always been remarkably efficient and, for this stay, I showed them some of the old, black and white photographs my parents had taken of me on the grounds when I was a kid. (The dining room receptionist and maitre 'd also enjoyed seeing the evolution of the restaurant over the years in other of my old, family pictures.) The bar scene is old school, lots of wood and plush carpets, a very cozy clubby environment. The true star of this hotel has always been the grounds and walking paths. They can take you to a different world. It is a real treat to be able to stay at this legendary Los Angeles hotel and enjoy its peace and serenity.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>day1
<Content>The best!       Room entrance  
<Date>Jan 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>dwarly
<Content>Hollywood old world charm Spent 2 wonderful nights at this charming hotel with my large family. The staff was very accommodating and the atmosphere was peaceful and beautiful. The rooms are spacious and have been updated yet they have preserved the old world charm of the hotel. The Sunday brunch unlike many Los Angeles restaurant establishments make every patron feel welcome and comfortable. The meal was excellent. Great getaway spot for couples or a family reunion (with older children).  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>FP134
<Content>Not that great       Front entrance pond and bridge  
<Date>Dec 30, 2007
<Rating>3	2	2	5	1	3	2	1	

<Author>Fiveoclockcaptain
<Content>A Classy Refuge in The Big City My wife and I spent 4 days in November at the Hotel Bel Air.We arrived around noon and our room was not yet available, we were treated very cordially and we chose to enjoy lunch on the Terrace. This open air restaurant has the same menu as the dining room, but is an oasis of flowering plants and classic California design. The service was beyond compare without being smothering.The first room that we were shown, 135, was on a main walking area, although well laid out we were put off by the proximity to a walkway, in hindsight it would not have mattered as despite a high occupancy we barely ever saw another guest. We were quickly moved to room 115, a premium room with a nice patio with fountain. Not only does this hotel offer a quiet escape from the bustle of the city just a few blocks away, but it also soothes the soul in its gentle charm and the easy service that seems to flow naturally from the outstanding staff.We don't look like a-listers (although we are in our corner of the world!), but we felt that we received the star treatment throughout our stay. No request was too small (like pressing a jacket within 30 minutes of dinner) or town car service to the Getty Museum, discretion was beyond reproach (in fact, noone ever addressed my wife as Mrs., they only called her Madame and used my name - I guess in case she was someone other than my wife! I hadn't noticed but she certainly did.There were some stars and influential people staying at the hotel and eating at the restaurant during our time there, but everyone received the same treatment - I can't repeat enough how special you feel being at the Hotel Bel Air - from the valet to the gardener, everyone is in on the star treatment. You notice it even more when you leave the little neighborhood of Bel Air and realize that you are just blocks from the 405 freeway.Don't ask how much it costs. It has a high economic cost, but it delivers excellent value for the dollar. No where else in LA will you feel so welcome. You will be at home in a wealthy friend's estate at the Hotel Bel Air.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>boraborabob
<Content>Still a fantastic refuge, but a little uneven on the service this time around We stayed at the Hotel Bel-Air from 10/29 - 11/1 and, while we really enjoyed our second stay there this year, the service was a little uneven. Specifically, we were treated a little more like the poor cousins this time - which I think is due to the fact that we don't really look or act LA/Bel-Air glamorous, and as a result the service we received poolside, in the bar, at check-in etc. was noticeably different from the more obviously fabulous clientele. This was a disappointment, especially given how much we enjoyed our first stay. So I guess the lesson is that, if you want the best service, dress and act the part (spray on a tan; glam it up; treat the staff like they are adorable, but tragically slow, children; talk on your cell phone constantly at the pool; chain smoke). If you just want to be yourself, expect to be treated a little more like the token at the country club who is allowed entrance mostly to show how 鈥渁ccepting鈥?the other members are.With that said, the hotel itself is remarkable, and the location really is an oasis. Explore the grounds 鈥?there are so many beautiful hidden gardens and tranquil spots to sit and read. The food is wonderful 鈥?try the lobster pot pie, it鈥檚 quite the twist on a classic. And the fresh fruit smoothies at the pool are amazingly tasty.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	3	5	

<Author>frenchandparisian
<Content>opulent yet discreet We usually stay at the Beverly Hills Hotel when travelling to LA, but wanted to give Hotel Bel Air a try, over an intermediate leg of our 3-week vacation to West USA last summer.We booked 2 rooms on the Getaway Package ( = stay 4 nights pay only 3), direct with the hotel, since it did not show directly on the website.SETTINGS : in a very quiet road in Bel Air. A little difficult to locate, perhaps, but no big deal. Slightly remote also, but wherever you stay in LA you need your car wherever you want to go, so not an issue. Set in a lavish garden, extending profusely into the canyon, your room might be a -small distance from reception and/or restaurant. ATMOSPHERE : californian yet old word, surgeon-wealthy rather than garment maker rich, if I can make such a point. People dress up (a little). Adults don't shout across reception. Children behave. It is very peaceful.CHECK-IN : we turned up at 8.00 pm, driving from Las Vegas, after 10 days touring the National Parks, our rented black Lincoln Towncar red with dust and mud, embarrassingly packed with big suitcases and litterrally dozens of bags and carriers. Valet and bellman reacted very prodessionnally, and sorted the mess beautifully. Trolley loads were delivered to both rooms without a mistake nor a delay. Welcome at reception was OK, nothing spectacular. Reasonably swift.Welcome fruits, cake and tea were waiting for us.ROOMS : my partner and I staid in Grand Deluxe Fireplace Patio room located close to the tower, while my mother-in-law had a Premium Room just above the hotel shop.Views were on the garden.Both had been recently refurbished, in the same french country house style, with a hint of english taste. They all look different.Ours had a bigger bathroom. Only bigger, not big. The other was really micro. Neither had a separate bath stall, which is a shame at this level. Bathrooms are really a downside at Hotel Bel Air. They are cramped and old style to the point of looking dated, eventhough honestly everything worked.Ours had a huge flat screen TV. The other had a standard TV, which we found stingy.King Bed is as comfortable as it should be (extremely). They deliver Evian water at turndown. Amenities are good.POOL : they seem to be over proud of the signature oval pool. It is nice indeed. Availability of loungers is limited, and it might be a problem to sit 3 people together at times, eventhough the loungers sit on each other. It does not get the sun very late in the afternoon. It is very clean. There is a no camera policy which is fine with me. Only hoped the no cell phone policy had been enforced. They don't nickel-and-dime you : the basic drinks (iced tea, delicious) we ordered were complimentary, to our surprise.FOOD : I can't comment in dinner, but it seems very popular with local highflyers, which flock to the garden dining room around the fireplace, by the BMW load. Not cheap, but why the hell should it be cheap. Breakfast was extremely good.SERVICE : excellent. Just as it should be, except may be housekeeping which might be a little more careful, may be, if I had to say something. Everything comes in due time. Staff is smiling. Concierge made great dining recommandations and reservations where and hen we asked, and was also helpful for more tourist things.CELEBS : not the place for celebrity spotting. After 3 stays at the Beverly Hills Hotel, I never spotted one anyway ... It is a discreet place : it is only after 2 nights that we realised that Hillary Clinton was staying 2 rooms ahead of us, when we spotted her getting in her car early ine morning.CONCLUSION : one of the 2 milestone hotels in L.A., the other being the BHH. They are extremely different in settings, style, ambiance, customer-style. The aditional experience I had at the BHH the next week was not as good as it should have been (service breaches, packed with screaming kids). They are equally likeable, eventhough I think I might slightly prefer the BHH in the end. Why :PROs over BHH : more serene atmosphere, smaller property, more comfy, less gleaming style, slightly cheaper with packages available even in summer, quicker more attentive service.CONs over BHH : smaller rooms, small and old bathrooms, pool, limited dining options, 25-year-old house car.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>marybRiverside
<Content>Lush and Lovely Cannot say enough good things about thing singular hotel. We just recently had a quick weekend getaway that was stress-free and practically perfect. The concierges alone are worth the price of admission: they were able to get us into the best restaurants at reasonable times (no 5pm or 11pm seating) and we were treated like royalty. Service is exceptional; and the property is so idyllic and private, you may never want to leave. Bar is a treasure and heavy with celeb sightings, if you're into that sort of thing.My only quibbles: breakfast is just ok, when compared to the Pennisula or Four Seasons, while restaurant is highly rated, I find it a little stiff and overly formal. Brunch is highly touted, and reservations need to be made in advance, even if you stay there, however, I find the brunch a touch pedestrian. However, it gives you a reason to leave the property, and you may never step foot off it otherwise.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>boraborabob
<Content>A Private Refuge With Setllar Service We spent 3 wonderful days at the Hotel Bel-Air and can't say enough about the location, setting, and service. The location is hidden on 12 acres in Bel-Air and surrounded by lush tropical gardens that are expertly maintained. It really feels more like being in your own private villa in Hawaii than a hotel in LA. From the swans to the secret herb garden to the beautiful pool to all the hidden courtyards, it is a site without peer. Then there is the service; warm, personal, and clearly driven to exceed your expectations. The staff were always helpful without being servile - coming across as dedicated professionals who enjoyed their ability to deliver outstanding customer service. There was only one minor flaw in the service; the woman at the concierge desk had a slightly arrogant attitude - like one of those boutique sales people who become confused and start to think they own all the merchandise they are selling - but given that we only needed airport transportation and to mail a letter, it hardly impacted our stay.The room (153) was welcoming and personal, with carefully chosen furniture and art. We had a fruit plate, a box of exquisite chocolates, and a small cake waiting for us in the room when we arrived, as well as a note from the GM, which was a very nice touch. This is not meant to be a sleek modern antiseptic hotel room, so there is no swimming pool-sized tub carved from a single piece of obsidian, or curtains that open with a wink of your eye (although those are things that I do enjoy in that type of hotel) - this is a refuge designed to make you feel at ease. Everything from the lamps to the well polished wood floors to the beautiful curtains looks as though it had been individually chosen to make you feel as at-home as possible (and at-home in a mid-20th century mansion in Bel-Air to boot!). We had a beautiful patio surrounded by trees and tropical flowers, with 2 chaise lounges, a full dinning table and chairs where we had breakfast each morning, and a fountain.Probably one of the most pleasant surprises was that the Hotel does not nickel and dime you at all - everything from the bottles of water at your bedside to the WiFi access to the fruit, water and sunscreen at the pool is complimentary. I think most travelers today have become accustomed to being (over) charged for all of these items, plus a resort charge, so it was amazingly refreshing to not have to worry about these things at all.So, in closing, I would like to extend a very heartfelt thanks to all of the staff at the Hotel Bel-Air for making our stay so wonderful, and to say that we will definitely be back.The Hotel Bel-Air is now our home whenever we are in LA.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>VCM93
<Content>World class The Hotel Bel-Air is as lovely as they come with a level of service without rival. I have stayed here for many years and was introduced to it when the Beverly Hills Hotel went under construction. For me, the most charming rooms can be found in the older part of the hotel (think 1950's glamor) but my wife loves the newer rooms in the North Wing - either way you won't be disappointed.The terrace restaurant has a very European feel with plenty of movie moguls and hedge fund-types in abundance. The food is always good and the wine list filled with great vintages.I could go on and on about this hotel but the real asset here are people - they are warm and welcoming and will go the extra distance to ensure your happiness.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>M747
<Content>Great LA Hideaway Stayed at the Bel Air for one night. We were greeted in the parking lot and followed to ou room after stopping at the front desk. Service was excellent, and prehaps almost a little owerwelming at first, It almost becomes a litte confusing who you should tip when there are 4 people helping you at the same time. Check in process was quick and our room was excellent. It had a small patio and we recieved tea, cakes and fruit in the room upon arrival. When going for dinner on Sunset boulevard we had a complementary towncar drive us to the restaurant. The driver was very friendly and explained all the things we passed on the road. The next day we relaxed at the pool which was great. I ordered a coffe and a soda and when we were leaving we were told it was complementary. VERY NICE TOUCH. We also got small spray bottles with Evian Water to keep cool, this was a real nice gimmick. We also had a stop at the bar before going to dinner, and this was a very stylish and relaxing place. If you dont mind being a short drive away from the action I would Highly recomend this hotel. I will for sure go back when I go back to LA  
<Date>Aug 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>francojeff
<Content>great hotel/mediocre meal partner and i spent two nights in a deluxe patio room. LOVED the room (115), which opened through French doors to lovely private patio with fountain, two chaises, dining table and chairs looking up at palm trees. very nice room service breakfasts on our patio. bath is original size, nice but tile and smallish. we had a nice time by the pool: not too crowded, no celeb sightings. unfortunately had a less than good dining expereince sunday night on the dining patio. sole meuniere was inedible, really. service was off. seriously off. really surspised how poor the service was given the pedigree of the place. actually complained to manager (a first) and manager was very gracious, but couldn't capture back the night. overall, loved the room, grounds, gardens. would not eat at the restautant ever again. i hope and assume nancy reagan gets better service....  
<Date>Aug 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>igsmith
<Content>Great Hideaway Spent three days here with wife, 19 month old and 4 month old.Property is amazing and very relaxing. Each room had an attached patio which was great for when the kids napped.Staff was also amazing - always made us and kids feel welcome.We highly recommend this property - either as a no-kids getaway or with the kids.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>jlp75005
<Content>excellent The room was large, quiet, with a fireplace and a private patio. It was quite far from the swimming pool but not from the fitness center. It was cleaned twice a day. The swimming pool is a unique place with a 1st class service. No sauna...The restaurant is good but expensive.Only problem : when I checked in there was only one person at the reception and many guests ; he was clever but pressure as too high. He forgot to upgrade me as my amex package allowed : I had to come back. No apologies but I get the upgrade after all...  
<Date>Jun 11, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	1	5	5	

<Author>sherkston
<Content>Fallen in love !! We stayed here for 3 nights during the week of April 30th and we've just reserved for 4 nights end of August. My husband and I were truly blown away with the hotel, service and the hotel grounds. We've both travelled extensively for both pleasure and corporate and have stayed at many exceptional hotels, but this truly tops the list. It's elegant, relaxing, and you truly experience hospitality at it's best. The pool area is lovely - at most there were two to three other couples - quiet and calm. Each time I went for a swim, there was a towel discretely hung on the rails when I exited the pool. We had a great room with a woodburning fireplace and private terrace - huge plasma TV to enjoy a DVD movie in the evening, after a busy day (with the fireplace going of course). The hotel itself is situated in a residental area (which is perfect for a brisk morning walk or jog) - you have no sense that you are in the middle of LA. The hotel grounds/gardens itself are beautiful, with several small courtyards to enjoy your morning coffee that they thoughtful provide in the main lobby. The service from every staff member we encountered was sincere and with the aim to please.  
<Date>May 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>AuburnEric
<Content>Treated like Royalty! I took my girlfriend to the Hotel Bel Air for a couple of day's over the Valentine's Day week. From the time we arrived at the front driveway to check out we were treated as if we were Hollywood royalty! You are not necessarily paying for the greatest room in LA, instead, you are paying for the best service and grounds in the U.S.! After checking out, the car service we had hired to pick us up conveniently left us stranded and not 5 minutes of us waiting to be picked up the conceirge arranged for us to be picked up by another car.....even in leaving they wanted to make sure the rest of our trip was perfect! We will most certainly be going back to the Bel Air and look forward to seeing all the friendly faces that welcomed us there!  
<Date>Feb 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Dudega1
<Content>5 Star Luxury I just returned from a two day stay at the Bel-Air, I booked a Deluxe Patio King and was given room #117, which had a quiet, private patio. The room was spotless, and everything looked new and was of the highest quality, all furnishings and bedding. Of course the downfall at this hotel is the price at $565/night this hotel caters to a select few who can afford it. The grounds are like a national park, stunning and beautiful. The swans in the lake are the hallmark of the Bel Air Hotel. Service is almost perfect, they will do anything for you, all you have to do is ask. Last time I went to Beverly Hills I stayed at the Beverly Hills Hotel, I can honestly say that the service and unique guestrooms at the Hotel Bel Air are superior to the Beverly Hills Hotel.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Elysia
<Content>Opulent and exclusive We knew we were in for a special experience when the GPS (sat nav) directed us off Sunset Boulevard and through the gates into the secluded enclave of Bel-Air. Driving up Stone Canyon Road one glimpses impressive mansions nestled behind huge manicured hedges.It is hard to believe when you enter the property that the overladen freeways and heavily built up suburbia of Los Angeles are only a short distance away. The low scale of the hotel nestled in the canyon provides a sense that you are in a tropical resort.Our stay was only one night, in January, yet we were lucky to enjoy sunny blue skies and balmy warm temperatures.We arrived at the hotel around noon and received a warm welcome from reception and immediate access to the room. The room was a deluxe guest room with a terrace and wood burning fireplace. Due to the warm temperature we unfortunately never lit the fire. The room was small, yet cosy, and newly refurbished. During the night we opened up the doors to the terrace and enjoyed the fresh air of the canyon and silence.The room was quite a distance from reception, however, we loved the walk past the beautifully manicured gardens, restaurants and pool area. There appeared to be only a handful of guests at the hotel compared with the many friendly staff bustling along the access ways. Due to the design of the hotel it may well have been full with the majority of the guests rarely leaving their suites.On both days we chose to have lunch by the pool rather than the busy outdoor restaurant. Again we almost had the whole area to ourselves not to mention a bevy of waiters keen to please. After a couple of weeks visiting family we found our stay at the Bel-Air to be one of total relaxation. A special treat.  
<Date>Feb 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Loving_Annie
<Content>Lovely but room NOT like shown on website ! I made a reservation based on the pictures I saw on the website, booking a grand deluxe with fireplace and patio. It looked lovely in the pictures. Reality however, was a TINY room, with a large enclosed patio that felt a little bare, despite the table and chair.I was disappinted, because I would have chosen a larger room had I known - and the website square footage description was misleading as well, since it included the patio...Bathroom was tiny as well, with a single sink and an old-fashioned shower/tub combination that had a curtain instead of a glass door.Other than that, the service was utterly stellar. The grounds are lovely. The food was excellent, and Chef had made a special menu for us, which we thoroughly enjoyed. China and linen were exquisite.Valet was wonderful, and remembered my name the next morning.I would stay at the hotel again, but this time ONLY in a garden suite next time, which the concierge recommended after I complained. Interestingly enough, she had someone else in the lobby who also was disgruntled to find their room NOT like the pictures on the website (I could overhear their conversation).The website is NOT accurate, and should be updated properly to reflect not only the way the room really looks, but the square footage of the room non-inclusive of the patios.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>AnonSF
<Content>Beautiful, quiet hotel with room for improvement This was our first visit to the Hotel Bel-Air. We travel to Los Angeles about twice a year, and have always stayed at the Beverly Hills Hotel. The location and grounds at the Hotel Bel-Air are stunning, but the service and room quality don't compare to that of the Beverly Hills Hotel. Our visit started off beautifully with champagne and chocolate covered strawberries delivered to the room (the trip was a special occasion) upon our arrival. We had a deluxe room with a patio. The room was quite small and not as luxurious as other similarly priced hotels. The mattress was also very uncomfortable. The first morning for breakfast we were seated on the patio, which is beautiful. We asked for the heat lamp to be turned on, and were told it didn't work and they would call engineering. No one ever updated us as to the progress, and after we asked 2 more times, we were told it wasn't working. After ordering, we waited about 45 minutes before our breakfast came. When it arrived, it was cold. We sent it back, and waited 30 additional minutes. At that point, it was almost lunchtime and we decided to leave. The hostess apologized profusely and said the hotel general manager would be in contact with us later that day. Indeed, the manager called and asked what he could do to rectify the problem we had experienced. When we returned later in the day, we had cookies and water in our room, a guaranteed late check out the next day, and a credit to use in the gift shop or restaurant. We were pleased with the way it was handled. A previous reviewer is correct in saying that a 1/2 day rate is charged for late check out, which I find a little out of place given the caliber of this hotel. Overall, a good experience, not outstanding.  
<Date>May 22, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The best of times, the worst of times The Bel-Air is undoubtedly one of the finest 5-star hotels I have stayed at, the finest in some respects, but that is only after you find a room you that is actually liveable! The staff are in the main outstanding, the grounds and general ambience are entrancing and food and drink choices and venues excellent. That's a lot that's very good. The not necessarily good, regardless of price, are the rooms. I've stayed twice about a year apart. Both times I've immediately requested a room change on arrival. Looking for upgrades? No, looking for a room where the bedroom doesn't adjoin a major walkway or other source of significant noise (there are very many of these rooms - see review posted September 30, 2005)and where the size of the room approximates the promotional literature and photos. If you pay twice as much for a room that features a fireplace and balcony don't expect that room to be also larger than a small standard room - it won't necessarily be. When discussing the fact that room size wasn't closely correlated with price the Bel-Air staff simply pleasantly agreed and worked with me to find an acceptable room. It's either a charming eccentricity or very much not depending on where they first put you. The hotel gives you a map with room numbers, if you plan on staying again keep the map. Like the lady who posted September 30 I'm now populating mine with crosses and ticks. A final little point that the management might attend to is the concierge service. They do the job, no doubt there, but there is a tension about them (there are a few different ones)that is at odds with the general relaxed warmth or simple professional reserve of the other staff. There is also the sense that any service, no matter how small, requires a tip. I didn't find that attitude from the other staff; perhaps they need to pay their concierge staff more - helpful not hungry is a better demeanour. In many ways I love this hotel, but I'm still undecided whether it's worth it to go through the hassle of changing rooms on arrival again.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hollywood Glam Spent 3 nights here with my family mid-march- It was wonderful- The service was fantastic from the valets, to the housekeeper to the restaurant to the front desk. The rooms are not what one is used to in Four Seasons as far as modern and new- but they exude classic glamour- The bathrooms are basic- but amenities and robes/towels very lush. The gardens are amazing- the dining romantic and indulgent. It was an oasis in L.A. We had a very comfortable two bedroom suite with a lovely sitting room. Definitely we will return!  
<Date>Apr 2, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Emerson_Golden
<Content>The best in LA I almost look forward to having to travel cross country (you know what a pain flying is now days) just to stay here. The entire staff is a pleasure, and they seem to outnumber the guests. There is always someone asking what they can do for you. As others have said, the rooms are all different, but I have yet to be disappointed. They each have so much more personality than normal cookie-cutter hotel rooms. All in all, the hotel feels like you are staying at the estate of a very, very rich friend.If I had to find SOMETHING wrong, it would be that there is no jacuzzi at the pool (great on cool evenings!), although many of the more expensive rooms seem to have their own.In summary, this hotel is no more expensive than the other top LA hotels, but the Hotel Bel Air is in a class of its own.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>dcdude
<Content>Customer Service And Room Not What I Had Expected On my only stay at Hotel Bel Air, I was extremely disappointed. I had written a hard copy letter to the general manager's attention, but I never received a response. My first disappointment was that my room was in bad shape. It was old and in need of updating, and the heater was loud and did not work well. I spent my sleeping hours alternating between being too cold and entirely too warm. Each night before bed, I always eat ice cream. It's a dumb (and fattening) habit...but it's what I do! So I called room service to order some ice cream before bed and was told that the freezer was not working and therefore no ice cream could be delivered. Another disappiontment, but not a big deal in the whole scope of life.The *biggest* disappointment was my check-out experience: I had agreed to meet an old friend for Sunday morning brunch in Malibu at 9:00 a.m. I figured that I would go to Malibu; meet my friend; then drive back to Hotel Bel Air and check out before catching my return flight to Washington, DC. In hindsight, it wasn't the best laid plan...but it was my plan for that particular morning.As things happened, my friend was running late; our breakfast therefore ran late; and traffic from Malibu to the hotel was horrendous -- it was summertime, and everyone had gone to hang at the beach. So I called the front desk from my cell phone and explained my situation. I informed the person who answered that I was terribly sorry and would absolutely be checked out by 1:00 p.m. The person with whom I spoke said that was fine and thanked me for calling.Well, after battling some of the worst traffic I had ever seen, it was about 1:15 when I pulled into the hotel driveway. I felt very bad, as I am a man who prides himself on being punctual. I **literally** ran to my room; gathered my bags; and rushed to the front desk to check out.What happened next could have been a video on how *not* to treat a hotel guest:The woman at the front desk, as I approached, informed me that I was checking out late. I told her that I was aware that I was checking out late, and added that I was very sorry.The front desk person continued, informing me that the hotel was completely full the coming evening and that I had created a real problem for them. She then continued to tell me that she had every right to charge me a half-day room charge on top of what I had already paid. Her mouth continued to utter words, but -- at this point -- I was so angry that I honestly didn't hear what else she was saying.I am an exceedingly polite person who rarely gets angry. The Hotel Bel Air representative, and her attidude, pushed me over the edge. I raised my voice and told her, Look, I said I was sorry.She looked stunned and said, There is no reason to raise your voice.I continued, I went to Malibu for brunch, which ran late. Traffic was terrible trying to get back here. I took the time to call from the car to say that I was running late. What else do you want?!At that point, other guests in the lobby were now staring -- and, to be quite frank, I didn't care (and still don't). You see, I'm not accustomed to visiting 5-star hotels and being treated like a five year old.At that point, the Hotel Bel Air employee admitted that she was unaware that I had called from the car to arrange the late check-out. But -- keep in mind I had apologized to her twice for my tardiness -- she never apologized to me for her error or behavior.I have since returned to Hotel Bel Air's restaurant for breakfast and lunch...but, to be sure, I will never - ever! - stay there again.I have written the general manager twice and never received the courtesy of a reply letter or phone call. In my opinion, that's unprofessional.  
<Date>Feb 8, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>FLLtraveler
<Content>Room was disappointing Upgraded premium room was small and not overly comfortable or luxurious. No place to sit other than the bed or the desk chair. Bathroom was very spartan and not luxurious at all. Service was very good and Sunday brunch at the Restaurant was excellent, however the hotel did not fully live up to expectations.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Heaven on earth, honestly. Rare is the hotel that maintains its upper class demeaner without showing even a hint of snobery (but has every right to). The Bel Air is simply one of the best run, and most classically beautiful hotels in the world. The first time I visited the hotel it was pouring down rain and I could smell the wood from the fireplaces as I ran up the stairs to check-in. The combination of burning wood and mixed fragrances from the houndreds of varieties of flora and fauna was intoxicating. The suite was a wondrful mix of old and new with a sofa that begged for a glass of wine and a good book. Service is friendly yet professional, accomodations are luxurious yet comfy. If you have the means and are in the area, this is one of the true great hotels of the world. Don't miss it.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hotel Bel-Air is an absolute gem. This was my 4th stay at Hotel Bel-Air and every time I am amazed at how wonderful it is to stay there. I think I would live there if I could! It is the epitome of tranquility and privacy. The service was impeccable and the staff catered to my every whim. No other hotel in LA can even compare!  
<Date>Oct 22, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>This is one complicated hotel...beautiful, BUT: my husband and i are nearly professional hotel guests, as both of us travel a great amount of the year for both work and holidays. my relationship with the bel air is intense; it is beautiful and lush, and the 12 acres are totally unique in l.a., but contradictoraily there is an unacceptable amount of noise within the rooms that seriously interferes with peace and quiet...and the cardinal sin, sleep. they have never done a renovation that is not merely cosmetic, therefore, noise from adjacent rooms within each building block is HUGE. for example, in suite 155 and in charming 160, there are stairs to the upstairs rooms RIGHT BEHIND THE HEADBOARDS OF THE BEDS. yup. up and down, up and down, other guests going to either 252/254, or 261/264, not to mention housekeeping when the guests are out. in the bedroom of suite 133 i could hear the guest in the adjacent bedroom open and close drawers! in the living room of 138, i lept up thinking someone had come into our room when the guests in 136 came home (although the bedroom of 138 is recessed, and quiet). 226 is little and perfectly proportioned, but i had to slip notes under the doors of every room below me, as the opening and closing of their doors reverberated through the walls of my room. 157 is at the fartherst end of the property, and the bedroom has bad street noise from the stop sign at stone canyond road. i could go on and on. also, room service pushes trolly tables around the grounds on paved walk ways; the noise in the second bedroom of suite 150 was like someone shaking tamborines in the bed. we literally have a comment like this about EVERY room i have even been in....and that is most rooms at the hotel. we've been at this for nearly 5 years.additionally, the locks on the doors are barbaric. i don't understand why they don't get soft closing doors and locks. it's idiotic. at the four seasons, they put a little 'bra' on the doors while housekeeping services the rooms so that when they are being opened and closed a lot, they are prevented from slamming. at the bel air, they just slam, for housekeeping, guests, room service, you name it. it's beyond me, totally.it is an exasperating hotel. i keep going back because of the garden setting, which is so refreshing in a life of cities and travel. but i work hard and cautiously about room selection, and have no problem asking other guests to mind their doors, as i am most certainly devoted to being equally considerate of others.in terms of service, i find the bell staff and valet parkers totally charming. i try not to rely on the front desk and concierge too much. they get the job done, but i find them awkward. once, when checking in with my in laws, the desk staff who escorted us said, 'would you like me to show you the smaller room first?, as we had booked two classes of rooms! tacky, tacky. thre was a fantastic woman at the front desk, and she couldn't take it...she left for the post ranch inn in big sur. the operators are really sweet. the food is good, although a little too high end if you're there a while. i like to order english muffins and peanut butter and other homier snacks! i live on the tortilla soup, guac and chips, and cobb salad.if you are interested in 148 or 146, ask first if there are events on the lawn, as those rooms overlook that popular area. middle of the week is safest, i would guess.it is going to take a gang of us to influence to hotel to finally address the noise problem. please join me! i care about the hotel and don't want to have to go back to the peninsula, which feels like a concrete palace comapared to the bel air's wonderful setting (even though the service at the penn. is so fantastic---but my husband hates that bar, it's so scummy....but that'sanother entry!) i enter the grounds of the bel air feeling comforted by all the green, the divinesmell of the wood burning fireplaces, then i head to our room knowing i will have to battle with the noise. best wishes, a fellow traveler  
<Date>Sep 30, 2005
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>crazyhorsellc
<Content>Truly Remarkable Luncheon The outside restaurant served a wonderful luncheon to our party of eight. It is always a delight to return to the HBA!  
<Date>Sep 24, 2005
<Rating>4	4	-1	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>ETL
<Content>Oasis of Calm, Wonderful Service We loved our 5 night stay at the HBA. The staff was efficient and very friendly, securing last minute reservations without batting an eyelash and learning our names immediately. Housekeeping was invisible and fast, tidying up our room sometimes seemingly within 5 minutes of our leaving. We loved the location and the quiet it provided, and our room, while on the smaller side I believe, was prettily decorated and was not at all cramped after 5 days and provided ample closet space. We enjoyed a very good dinner and several breakfasts in the hotel dining room, and drinks in the very cozy bar. I would definitely rebook on my next trip to LA. Having stopped into other hotels on this trip for various reasons, I found them to be impersonal and corporate in comparison, as well as priced even higher.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Bel Air Hotel, A little bit of paradise right in Los Angeles My husband and I have made an annual event out of going to the Bel Air Hotel. Yes, it's that good. We had to go to the Los Angeles area for business quite a few times over the past several years and each time we stayed at the Bel Air. The surroundings are lush and feel entirely removed from the hussle and traffic that I've known to be LA. While one of the Concierges and a front desk staff were a little snooty, it was more than made up for by the wonderful bellman, the delicous food, the amazing pool (the pool is a must-see) as well as our terrific massages. Well, let me qualify that by saying that the couple of massages we got were actually not that great, but then we discovered Sascha and Eida and we were hooked. Be sure to ask for them or you may be as disappointed as we were at first. Prices range as do the rooms, but there's something there for everyone. We've had a different room everytime and always were happy. I wouldn't stay near the pool unless you have kids though. Enjoy!  
<Date>Aug 2, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful, quiet, classy       Decor of our junior suite looks better in the photo; a bit worn in person  
<Date>Jul 7, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best Hotel in California I had my wedding at the hotel just last month and the place had everything we wanted. It is a gorgeous hotel tucked in the center of Bel-Air with an incredible landscape. The grounds, rooms, food and staff are an easy 5 stars. If you like Spanish style hotels that are kept to an A+ level, this is the place for you. The one caveat is; bring your American Express Card as it is a pricey place to stay, but well worth the money.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful oasis I can't believe anyone would complain about the Bel Air - it is truly a peaceful and classy oasis in the middle of a busy city. We just got back from a family trip to both LA and Laguna Beach (3 young children - ages 8, 5, and 15 months). The hotel could not have been more welcoming. The concierge staff is excellent, as is the staff in general. The grounds are beautiful - fountains and courtyards everywhere - with lots of interesting nooks and crannies (the kids really enjoyed exploring). The rooms are understated and elegant - very much old Hollywood - nothing hip and trendy here - how refreshing! And surprisingly, the secluded location proved to be amazingly convenient to almost everything.I would go back in a heartbeat - wouldn't think of staying anywhere else.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Bel-Air Best in LA Year after year I look forward to stays at the Hotel Bel-Air which remains a special serene oasis in the otherwise bustling LA area. This is a hotel for those looking for a discrete and refined small hotel with impecable facilities and service - but set well into a quiet residential area of West LA far off any main streets and highways. The pool is beautiful and heated year round with poolside service. During the spring and summer spectacular red flowers climb the walls around the pool. On several business visits I have been joined by wife and child and stayed in a beautiful pool-side suite. The small exercise facility is nicely equipped. Note, the beautiful suites and rooms vary tremendously in ammenities and setting, so I recommend calling the hotel directly and walking through the available options. I try a different room or suite each visit, and have never been disappointed. My favourites are adjacent to any of the many small courtyards and Spanish fountains with fireplaces and private patios. Although the general setting is informal but upscale and private - the dining and bar areas can be overly formal. Locally the drive to the Getty Center is very easy - and highly recommended. Rodeo Drive, UCLA, the Pacific and Westwood are minutes, yet worlds away! Downtown is a bit more difficult in rush hour. The drive to LAX is short and direct. This is an expensive but truly relaxing and unique stay for those on business or vacation in West LA seeking an intimate peaceful location in a superb quiet setting.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>excellent My wife and I recently stayed for four days. This is the best hotel we have ever visited. The staff was the best I have encountered.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>YukonRoadKing
<Content>My favourite in L.A. by far I can't imagine anyone complaining about the service at the Bel-air. We were treated like visiting royalty, despite our modest car and appearance. Front desk staff were outstanding, pool staff very helpful, restaurant on the heated patio was extremely romantic, as was our room witn private walled courtyard. Couldn't be a better choice for our anniversary. Quiet, secluded location makes you feel miles away from L.A., yet you're close to everything.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Horrible staff??   showReview(2525097, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 12, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Staff is horrible   showReview(2512622, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 4, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lalatraveler
<Content>Elegant. Secluded. Impeccable service.   showReview(2512435, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 4, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Bel-Air southworld culture   showReview(2348037, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 31, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AvonTravler
<Content>THE best for a romantic weekend!   showReview(2269384, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 6, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JillianH
<Content>Wonderful mini-vacation   showReview(2200299, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 17, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful grounds rude snobby service   showReview(2132832, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 1, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cjennt
<Content>In a Class By Itself   showReview(1787366, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 15, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AlanLight
<Content>Not as good as The Beverly Hills Hotel   showReview(1625976, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 3, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>闈欍亱銇х編銇椼亜銉涖儐銉?#x201d;   showReview(22856083, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 30, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>hotelcritc111
<Content>Schlechte Zimmer, Kein Service Und Viel 脛rger   showReview(10038098, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 4, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	4	1	1	1	

<Author>torretta
<Content>esclusivo   showReview(8688381, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

