<Author>throckmo
<Content>We had a wonderful experience here (Note: We booked through some travelocity-type site, not sure which one). We just completed a two-week stay at the HW. Great location: Just close enough (10-minute walk) to the Centrum, canals, etc., but not in the middle of all that craziness. Von Baarlestraat just down the street had more restaurant choices, at all levels, than we could sample. Our experience at the hotel was completely 100% positive: The staff could not have been more warm, friendly, accommodating, or helpful with our many requests for assistance of all kinds. Breakfasts were delicious and plentiful, and the rooms were spacious, comfortable and well serviced during our stay. Very reasonably priced. We would definitely stay there again and look forward to doing so.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A-damlover
<Content>Hotel I'll never forget       View from the balcony_double room  
<Date>Nov 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>crialice
<Content>no way good locationvery narrow stairsno elevatorin one day we found the garbage left in room, atfer it was done the cleanvery poor breakfastWe booked for 3 nights a double room. We stayed 1 night in a twin room and then it had to move in a double. We asked to stay in the twin room for all three nights, but they said that we had booked a double room and it had to move us..Very unpleasent staff!Young couple, Romania  
<Date>Nov 2, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	5	2	1	2	1	

<Author>WorcsReluctant_flyer
<Content>Oh no, not the basement! We also had the basement suite, not knowing it was the basement before we arrived. The noise from the creaky floor in the breakfast room started very early.The windows were at street level and without insulation, it was noisy when people walked by or bike chains jangled. The local church bell chimed on the hour all through the night.........!My husband lived on this street and knew the previous owners, Hans and Johan. He insisted on staying at the Washington. The bedrooms and bathroom were clean BUT tea and coffee making facilities were sorely missed!The staff were efficient but a little confrontational as has been mentioned on another review, also they were dressed for a building site not for waiting table!!!If we ever visit Amsterdam again, we may consider the Washington as it's handy for trams and amenities.I would recommend this hotel for a friend but with a warning!  
<Date>Oct 28, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	3	2	-1	

<Author>bluedblued
<Content>Great value for money We stayed at the Hote Washington for 3 nights. We arrived late (11pm). The staff were very friendly. They gave us the information required about the hotel and said I could pay the following day to allow me to get cash to avoid the 4% credit card charge!We were on the fourth floor up some very steep stairs. There were four rooms that shared a shower room and separate toilet. I think the other floors may be ensuite. We didnt see or hear anyone else on the fourth floor during our stay. The room was clean, very basic but included a digital safe, tv, wardrobe, clock radio and wash basin.The hotel was a short tram ride to the centre or about a 20 minute walk. All we needed the hotel for was to sleep in - there's so much to do in Amsterdam the last place you want to be is in the hotel!  
<Date>Oct 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>yellowvase
<Content>Great location!       Stairs!!  
<Date>Sep 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>LondonMouse1
<Content>worst hotel experience ever i have never wrote a hotel review so far, but this was the worst experience i ever had staying in a hotel: the rooms are totally overpriced, beds have old mattresses, towels in the bathroom were full of holes and dirt and i also found dust inside my bed. On top of this you are forced to leave the room by 11 am in the morning (just minutes more you are charged another night) and they call you 45 mins upfront to clarify in a very rude tone that you have to leave.Although the location is good, i would noone recommend to stay in this place.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	2	-1	-1	

<Author>AnotherHasher
<Content>That Cool Hand Luke feeling I stayed at Hotel Washington for a night back in 1984. Then it was a charming place, run by a middle-aged lady with more than an average bit of style, more than an average bit of comfort. An inviting place to spend some time in the hubub that is Amsterdam..As a friend of mine was getting married in Amsterdam, I thought it would be a good opportunity to spend a bit more and treat my girlfriend to a hotel with some charm. Needless to say, twenty years has passed and the owner has moved on. The hotel is still there, still offering the same basically pleasant and functional facilities, but the friendly, welcoming atmosphere of a hotel that enjoys the hosting experience has been replaced by the no-nonsense, business-oriented attitude of the current management. Before we could even check in, we were sat down and read off the list of facilities, features and limitations of the hotel by a clipboard-toting desk clerk in a correct, assertively direct manner. Closed-circuit TV cameras everywhere, high-tech security keys on every door, and a control center in the corner of the breakfast room where all could be monitored while the clerk browsed through SUV listings on the Internet. Breakfast was apportioned, for two people, 2 pieces of toast, 2 pieces of bread, two slices of cheese, two slices of each of two kinds of lunch meat, 3 tabs of butter and a small selection of spreads in groups of two. Woe be it unto those who should, as we did, ask for some more cheese in lieu of the meat. It was eventually delivered (surprisingly at no extra charge), but with a grimace and a grumble. Every time upon entering the hotel after that, my mind involuntarily started drawing parallels to what life in prison must be like. The contrast was unbelievable - from staff who ran a hotel because they enjoyed it to staff who are there simply to cash in on a business opportunity. Otherwise generally the accommodation was adequate. Location was not bad for our activities - 3 tram lines pass a block away - and facilities were clean and complete. (Odd that the room safe was attached to a detachable piece of an IKEA-type wardrobe.) But if you're not really into the Big Brother attitude, I'd try something else.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	4	3	2	1	-1	

<Author>blackjack82
<Content>great location We traveled as a group of 4 and therefore stayed in the basement 'suite'. this means you have two bedrooms, a bathroom and a hallway to yourself with a private door. the rooms were all very light and spacious, and there is plenty of wadrobe space and a bookcase of left behind books. however the steps down were VERY steep, but this seems to be the case in most places in amsterdam. the hotel was clean, the breakfast was continental, but of a good quality. we had a tv in each room with a few english speaking channels. there was also a hairdryer and fan, although no coffee making facitities.the only issue with staying in the basement is you are below the dining room and therefore it is VERY noisy from around 7am but is otherwise very quiet for the rest of the day. the staff were friendly when you made the effort to speak to them, they were very helpful in giving us local information but kept themselves to themselves mainly. we never felt they were rude or unreasonable. we came home late on a few occasions but no one complained to us about being noisy so even though this is a quiet hotel, you can still use it as a base for a more lively holiday. as said previously the hotel is round the corner from the tram line there is also a small shop selling most things you would get in the uk. you are about 10mins away from the museums and the park and about 15 mins away from plenty of nice bars and resturants including hard rock cafe. the website clearly states you will need to pay upfront when you check in so have your money ready (remember the tax also) we paid 630 euro for 4 people for 5 nights which really was a bargain (esp with the prices in amsterdam - pint of beer is around 5 euro).also we were told no drugs in the hotel so you would be best to check before you book, but obviously amsterdam is very liberal with this so it shouldnt be a problem finding somewhere else. the bars smell very much of weed and tobacco, which took a bit of getting used to from the uk smoking ban. i felt this hotel was excellent value for money and was in a great location - if you fancy a walk it is only around 30 min walk to the main area (red light, train station) and this is a nicer area to stay in. i would reccomend the hotel but would think twice if i had children under 5 or those with mobility problems (although you may have problems with most stairs in amsterdam).  
<Date>Aug 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>michaVienn
<Content>OK, could be better We stayed there for 5 nights. The hotel is nice, very close to tram stop and museum area. Price is good for an Amsterdam hotel. Breakfast is average. There is no elevator and the staicase is steep. The sheets were ok but the bed covers were rather smelly. The personel watches with wireless cameras the breakfast room and the staircase, leaving you with the impression that your room may be watched too. I will stay in an other hotel next time.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	2	4	3	4	

<Author>StarlightCat
<Content>great for the price Stayed here for 4 nights with my 15 year old daughter. I chose it based on the location as well as guide book and Trip Advisor reviews. Room was large, overlooking a court yard. Great shower! The street is a quiet side-street so I would imagine front rooms are fairly quiet, too. We thought breakfast was quite adequate. Staff was not overly friendly, but we didn't find them rude, either. My daughter actually enjoyed talking to one of the staff when she went to find out about internet access. (We had a laptop with us; wireless is available). The location is a bit out of the center of the city, near the Museum Plein and right on a tram line -- so getting to the center or back again when you are tired after a day of site seeing is easy. (Buy a 15 ride strippenkart for the bus/tram. 2 people can use the same one). Others mentioned the stairs -- I have to agree -- steep narrow stairs; probably not good for young children or older folks, but the staff carried our luggage up for us. Overall, great for the price, (100 euros a night).  
<Date>Jul 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	3	3	4	3	4	

<Author>eacrites
<Content>Good Hotel, Great Location I had to rate this hotel average due to the size of the room I had, a little small for the money. I also had to rate it average due to the fact that they were doing construction next door due to a leaky roof. (Which they did not inform me about, however apologized for later.) I would however, recommend this hotel for the location, right near the museums, Van Gogh, etc., and easy access to canal trips. The breakfast was good and the staff seemed friendly enough. Heed their warning that the stairs are steep in the hotel and remember to pack light there.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>nitarudi
<Content>Excellent value: I'd stay again if I ever get the chance I was chuffed to find this hotel in what looked to be a handy area and at the sort of price I wanted to pay. I'd left it late to find somewhere for my one night in Amsterdam. So I booked, and then I looked at the TA reviews. I honestly don't know what some of these folk are on about - or maybe the place has had an overhaul since they reviewed it.My single room (at the top of the stairs on the first floor) was very clean, if small. I'm small so that's fine. Crisp sheets; comfy bed; nice shower with plenty of hot water; window opened; TV had the Beeb. What more does one need!! Breakfast isn't a big deal for me. If it is for you then here's a description. There was cereal with milk, or yoghurt. Cold meats, cheese and optional (hard) boiled egg. Bread, toast, butter and jam. Coffee or tea, and juice. More than enough.The location is good only 5 mins from a tram stop. You are in the centre within 10 mins. Also easily walkable to the Van Gogh and Rijkmuseum. Plenty of eateries within a 10-15 walk too, though didn't sample any. If you are the independent type, on a budget, and just need a clean, friendly enough, place to stay, then I highly recommend.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>etaoin
<Content>Faded but excellent value Some of the earlier reviews are a bit too harsh. I have stayed here three times in the past 12 years, the most recent being this month. Yes, the decor has not changed, and the current operators aren't as colorful and gracious as some of their predecessors have been. The breakfast and common areas are quite spartan. But -- the price is half what you would pay for just a slight improvement. We stayed in one of the apartments (170 Euro a night, 2 bedrooms, electric piano, living room and full kitchen) which comes without breakfast (bakeries, delicatessens and a big underground supermarket are within 2 blocks). Fully functional wireless internet for 5 Euro a day, although we weren't charged. Linens were new, towels a little worn but absolutely clean. Lots of room and storage.Yes, you need to pay for your room when you check in, or soon after. There is 5% tax. If you don't have cash, credit cards incur a 4% charge. ATMs seem to be the best deal for getting cash in the Netherlands. The staff is reasonable though and waited a couple of days for payment. Entirely recommended, if you don't need coddling and don't mind climbing steep stairs. The apartments are particularly good value.  
<Date>May 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	3	4	

<Author>letsgoeverywhere
<Content>Great Location I had a great stay at the Hotel Washington. I liked the location, it is located in a more residential area but right down the road from the major museums. The management was nice, letting me use their personal laptop to check my e-mail and making me a coffee on a rainy afternoon. The rooms were clean and the breakfast was not fancy but it was nice to get something beyond a donut. I would definitely stay again.  
<Date>May 1, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DCvagabond1
<Content>Adequate rooms, strange policies The Hotel Washington is located in a very nice part of Amsterdam, close to the Rijsmuseum and ConcertGebouw on a very peaceful side street. The rooms are comfortable, although the decor leans to dark colors. Everything was reasonably clean, and the breakfast was adequate. One note: the stairs are incredibly steep and there are lots of them.However, the management of this hotel seems to view customers as people to be policed rather than welcomed. There are signs all over the hotel about the policies on visitors to the rooms, check-in, check-out, the times the the rooms can be cleaned, no loud music, etc. All of this is fine, but the attitude of the staff seems to be that they are there to keep the guests in line, rather than create a friendly environment. For instance, I misplaced my room key (the usual plastic card type) and asked for a replacement. I was reprimanded and told that I would be charged 10 Euros for the new key and another ten if I needed another one. I was also told that it was against hotel policy for me to visit my traveling companions in their room (no visitors in rooms!) for a drink before dinner (they were staying in a suite; we are 66, 62, and 47 so it is not like we were planning to throw a giant party and ask people in off the street.) The friendliest creature there was the cat. I would stay there again because it is a good facility, but don't expect anything but hassles from the staff.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2008
<Rating>2	4	4	4	4	1	1	3	

<Author>TheDCD
<Content>Service was non existant... Rude staff, confusing payments, and we could not even have a bru at 10pm even though i offered to pay 3 euro and me and my friend were like 5 steps away and could see the kettle and i was tired from the day to be bothered going out, plus side is though cannabis can be smoked in the rooms which was a bonus and a lifeline also the breakfast was nice and the location was also good, overall 5/10 one peice of advice dont expect any such of a decent service especially for 65 euro a night.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2008
<Rating>2	3	5	4	4	2	1	3	

<Author>tokyotaxi
<Content>Well worth it! Considering the price I was paying I was not expecting much - but was very pleasantly surprised.I found the staff friendly and helpful, and was prepared to pay on check in as it clearly stated that on the parerwork.Confortable, warm, room. Clean and tidy, Clean bathroom and shower.Considering its position and the rates it charges (I have paid over 3 times as much for worse in Amsterdam) I would rate it as good value.I also had some issues with a lost wallet (nothing to do with hotel) that they were very helpful with(not one for a honeymoon though!)  
<Date>Nov 15, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>J&DHope
<Content>Surprise payment policies When we arrived at the hotel, we were told that the entire room tarif had to be paid in advance in cash, or if we used our credit card, an additional credit card fee would be applied to the tarif. Neither of these policies had been mentioned in any of our correspondence or reservations. We were tired from traveling that day, and did not feel like looking for another hotel, or arguing the issue, so we paid the extra fee. The hotel clerk on duty at that time was also the least helpful and friendly of the three clerks that we encountered there. We made the best of the situation, but our overall experience at this hotel was tainted by this misrepresentation. We are aware of the practice by some businesses of charging extra when credit cards are used, but would prefer to be informed of this policy in advance. Ditto for the policy of cash in full at time of check-in. Therefore, we cannot recommend this hotel nor would we stay there again.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	3	3	2	2	2	

<Author>MAREXSingapore
<Content>Very friendly and Helpfull I have stayed there 1 week and I have enjoyed my stay...I highly recomend to everyone...MAREX GLOBAL  
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lindale
<Content>Super hotel for the money Hotel Washington is located in a quiet residential suburb, close to the Van Gough Museum  Rijksmuseum. Use a number 16 or 24 tram. It is a clean hotel with larger than average rooms, which are simply, but comfortably furnished. Our room had a very comfy bed, and a large balcony, on which we were able to take chairs out on to enjoy the evening sunshine. There was a small TV with excellent picture quality with many channels, including BBC1  2.The staff were friendly and very helpful. We were subject to having a large amount of money stolen by a pickpocket on the tram, and one of the staff drove us to the police station so we could report the incident, he waited while we made statements and helped out with any details we were unsure of, and finally took us to a restaurant so we were able to get a meal. He would accept nothing but our gratitude. Thanks guys!For a 2 star hotel, this represents very good value for money and we would definitely stay again.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>YoungAnneYoung
<Content>Best 2 star hotel I have ever stayed in This is the best 2 star hotel that I have stayed in, better than some with more stars. After reading other reviews I booked with some trepidation!! but needing to find somewhere on a low budjet I decided to take the chance. The area is one of the nicer quiet areas of Amsterdam but with the tramstop into the Centre of Amsterdam at the end of the road it was perfect with only a very cheap fare to pay. The owners couldnt have been nicer or more friendly to us and helped us greatly with any queries we had. The hotel is spotlessly clean, including the bedding which is the most important thing to me. I can usually cope with anything else. The breakfast was plentiful and you could have eaten more than your fill. The room (which I expected to be the usual 2 star hotel ( no windows) had huge sunny windows looking out onto the street below, it had been newly decorated and had new curtains. The bed was very comfortable as I can not stand hard beds. I slept like a log. You can hear noise from other rooms but this is not a problem as being that little bit further out of the centre of Amsterdamam the hotel attracted more considerate guests so this was not a problem. There is a nice little garden at the back of the Hotel. I would just like to say a huge thankyou to the manager who couldnit have been kinder to us. but there is a little secret that I would like to let you in on. Give the hotel staff a smile!!!!!!!!!! treat them as you would like to be treated yourselves. They have a lot to contend with the general public. You will receive far better respect and treatment if you remember this.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AliNottsUK
<Content>Good value, good location We booked Hotel Washington some time ago and were tempted to cancel after reading some poor reviews but as its in the area we needed to be and had street parking we decided to stay anyway and we were so glad we did.We were able to park outside the door and its only a short walk to the tram stop.As there were 7 of us we booked a twin ensuite, a double suite and a 3 bed appartment. All were large and clean with excellent bathrooms, the double suite also has a kitchen which we weren't expecting but made good use of. It was great to have kettle and fridge in the room.The apartment has a roof top terrace where we all sat under the stars having a nightcap.At breakfast they ask if you want an egg and its cooked for you and served with fresh bread and hot toast.For the price it was good value and we returned there for the last night of our hols.If you are parking you will need 2 euro coins for the meter as it doesnt accept enough 1 euros for 24 hours. E32.60 needed.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Leader1
<Content>Horrendeus experience We booked this hotel using [--]nd further cancelled using [--], however after couple of days we saw that they charged our credit card- we had infact cancelled and had our cancellation confirmation emailed to us. We called hotel and also [--]but alas no help. Very bad customer service and no help at all. Please do not use any credit card to make reservations since your bank cannot help you get back your money and will ask you to deal with the merchant or vendor which is a nightmare- in the end we lost the money and did not even stay--horrible experience:(  
<Date>Jul 7, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>stevekm
<Content>Used to be great! Used to be such a great place but has slipped.I have been coming to Amsterdam (from USA) since 1997. I once heard about the Hotel Washington from Frommers. I took a chance and was pretty pleased for a long time. I got to know the owners there (Johann, John, Michael) just to name a few. I stayed there many times maybe taking two trips a year. I would stay there every time for a week usually, or at least for several nights.I just stayed there again after a two year absence and before I came back, when I made the reservations, I found out that the Washington had new owners. I called to make a reservation, but the receptionist told me that I had to so only from the internet. I even offered to send a fax, but he refused. Wonder what you do if you don't have internet access (like when your traveling)?When I got there I was sad to see all of the help that they use to work there, now gone. They kept up with the same deal and feel for what it was, but the people that worked there before, were really 30% of the stay. The way they would look out for you!! Making sure everything was ok with the room etc...The Breakfast are exactly the same that they were before. No problems there. But two things that I can say I was dissappointed with: One, how much money would it be for them to just get all new bedding?!! It;s too old. And now about the new owners, (Turkish) One is rather gruff, telling me 2 or 3 times in the same first meeting that it was under new management and basically things are different now. No improvements, just banking on the past success and return businesn. The staff are either cold non helpful (he seemed like he had a bit of attitude.) and the other one's English was pretty bad! (My Dutch friend tried to make arrangements with him to call me a Taxi early in the morning and was not convinced that he new enough Dutch to know exactly when we said we needed the Taxi. I actually got up an extra hour earlier, just so I could pull my luggage out the main street and catch a cab in the case he didn't show up. Then lastly, when the cab did show up....it was one of the hotel manager's Turkish friends (still an Amsterdam cab) but the whole week I felt a little too handled. I think who ever owns the Hotel Washington now should invest a few Euros in new bedding, and get the guys downstairs to learn how to say, Good Morning with a smile and just be more pleasnt.I won't go back to HW, but there is a newer (clean) hotel just a few houses down the same street called the Hotel van Kasteelen. I think it's a little more money, but I've head good things about it. Maybe if the new management at the HW get some guidance on how hotels are supposed to be run, I might return there, but I can tell that won't be happening for a long time!  
<Date>Jun 30, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	5	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>alicen007
<Content>Very disappointed I knew this hotel when I lived in Amsterdam, when friends and family would stay there when they came to visit, it was such a gem to have close by. Unfortunately, when I stayed there last weekend, all had changed, I learnt that the hotel management had changed since 2006, the staff was quite blunt and spoke limited English, our bedroom stank of cigar smoke, the bed mattress was horrible, the beddings had holes although they were clean, the furniture was not quite the same as it used to be, and the whole place stank of cigarette. Considering the price paid for a room per night (it had to be cash and I never got a receipt), it was not worth it at all! Too bad for such a beautiful place which is so well located!  
<Date>Jun 21, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hersheyfrogs
<Content>Good value My husband and I stayed here last month with his parents in an apartment. The apartment was a good value with lots of space and a kitchen to cook your own food; however, I agree with previous reviewers that the linens were shabby. The location is further from the city center, but very close to the museums (and a grocery store). The area was quiet when we were there as well.The stairs are extremely steep up to the apartment. We got there before check-in, but were allowed to leave our luggage. It had been carried up to the apartment when we came back to check in. The staff member we talked with was friendly. He gave us a map and pointed out several things to do.I would stay here again if I needed space for more than 2 people.  
<Date>May 24, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	4	3	4	4	5	

<Author>LoobyLouEngland
<Content>Great place to stay We arrived at 9am and were able to leave our luggage at the hotel. Check in is at 2pm but we were told we could come back at any time before 11pm. When we did return we were given a good welcome by the staff and one of the heavier cases had already been taken up to our room, you do have to pay a 10 Euro deposit for the key cards. There were 4 of us (all girls) and we had booked one of the apartments which was a good size with 2 bedrooms, livingroom, kitchen and shower room with toilet and sink. You do have to walk through the main bedroom (which also has a balcony) to get to the shower room and kitchen, but this wasn't a problem. There was live music playing early evening from a nearby building but this had stopped by night time so the area was quiet at night.Overall, the staff were very friendly and extremely helpful, the apartment was very clean (apart from a few holes in the pillowcases), we didn't experience the food as breakfast is not included in the apartment prices. The location is excellent, being very near a tram stop. I will certainly stay here again next time I visit Amsterdam.  
<Date>May 8, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>kimette
<Content>Not so great My husband and I stayed in this hotel for 3 nights at the end of March/07. Generally, the stay was all right. The management was friendly (even if I had read other reviews prior to leaving that management was unfriendly/unhelpful etc). They helped us with directions, suggesting sights as well as restaurants. Somewhat on the blunt side, but I have to say they were generally friendly and helpful. The breakfast was OK. We were seated and then a plate of cheese/meat (just enough for the both of us) was brought to our table with a basket of various breads. We were asked if we wanted a boiled egg or not. Coffee/orange juice as well as a variety of cereals were provided buffet style. Although sufficient, we were somewhat bored by the same kind of meat/cheese offered every morning for 3 days. Would have been nice to have a bit of a variety. The room was quite comfortable. Large windows with clean bathroom. Our only complaint was the bedding - very ragged, falling apart at the seams. Considering what we were paying, it would be nice if they invested in some new bedding. All in all, a quiet , residential neighbourhood. It is also very easy to get around town. The tram is a very short walking distance away. Kimette  
<Date>Apr 25, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>harvey1066
<Content>clean and reasonable price a good clean hotel. could be nosy outside due to trams being 75 yards from the hotel.stairs are very steep so care is needed!continental breakfast is served plated with limited choice.but good value hotel  
<Date>Mar 20, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>Ganno
<Content>Disappointed My wife and I booked this hotel on the basis of the good reviews on trip advisor. We were disappoionted however. Our room and bathroom were very big and good value but the staff were VERY unfriendly. Breakfast was just OK but if you asked for extra bread, for example, it was served begrudgingly. Because of the surly staff the atmosphere in the hotel is bad and we would definitely not stay there again and would recommend you look elsewhere for accommodation  
<Date>Feb 21, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Travalin
<Content>Great place to stay I had planned to write a review about this hotel when I returned last year but never got around to it till now. The hotel is a bit outside the main part of town in a quite leafy road. This was not a problem. The trams were very frequent and cheap we never waited more than 5 min for one. We walked from the centre of town out to the hotel in less than 30 min. we like walking/ sightseeing There is a nice local bar/restaurant just on the corner that I recommend trying. If you are after museums this is a perfect position. Price wise it was a bargain. The rooms were very clean the staff was friendly and the breakfast good. The stairs is very steep and there is no lift (not for the unfit) but this is normal for the older buildings in Amsterdam. I would stay here again.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	3	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>cango_can
<Content>Great Hotel We've stayed in February 2007 at the 'Hotel Washington'. The staff welcomed us professional  friendly during the checkin. We've been informed perfectly about the public transportation  sight-seeing in Amsterdam. Our room was a double room ensuite, which was located on the third floor (no elevator present, high dutch stairs!!). The staff asked us kindly if we needed help with the luggage  helped us up to bring the luggage to our room. We've understand that the stairs are quite normal  all standard in whole Amsterdam!The room was quite large  clean. It was equipped with a large bed for 2. There were towels  small bathroom-ameneties provided by the hotel, which was a nice service of them. Breakfast was including in the price, which was quite standard, but good enough to start your day. We've asked if the hotel could arrange us transportation for our checkout day, cause we had to leave very early. They've arranged us a fine  luxury cab, who brought us to the airport.We can't understand some bad reviews that have been written. This is maybe of the basic rooms they've got. These are without bathroom in the room itself (shared bathroom facilities, shared with 4 rooms)  they're located on the fourth floor.My question is: What are you expecting of a 2-star hotel ?? Hotel Washington is much above a 2-star hotel. It's clean, large, save  located in a quite area. If you require much higer service, you can simply stay at a 5-star hotel, for a much, much higher price!!! I will definitely come back to Hotel Washington on my next trip to Amsterdam  recommend it to everyone!!!  
<Date>Feb 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Darren101
<Content>Excellent Location, not so good Accomodation We stayed here in October because of the reviews we have seen on tripadvisor.The location of this hotel could not be better. It is in a really nice residential area, 5 minutes walk to the Van Gogh Museum.The owners were not the friendliest people we have met; I would go so far as to say rude. They have a lot to learn about the hospitality business. The room we stayed in was at the top of the guesthouse and was very small, cramped and noisy.Overall I would not recommend this guesthouse.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2007
<Rating>2	3	1	5	4	3	1	-1	

<Author>AMGiglio
<Content>Sooo much better than we expected!! We had read horrible reviews about this hotel---until a couple of months ago when it was indicated that they had refurbished and gone under new management--and the reviews got so much better. We took a leap of faith--upon a recommendation from someone who had recently stayed at this hotel. We arrived--and were pleasantly surprised!!The management and staff were very professional and so helpful. The room was HUGE and clean. It was not fancy--but very functional. The furniture was modest--but the beds were sooo comfortable and cozy. The breakfast in the am was very good. Hotel Washington is also very close to a tram stop--and within walking distance of the Van Gogh Museum and Rikesmuseum. If you want a functional, clean and friendly atmosphere--this is a great value and I strongly recommend.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Herman_Blinkhoven
<Content>New owners! Be careful People be aware that the high ratings and excellent standing of this hotel are based on the work of the previous owners. The hotel is, sadly, under new management since a year now. Things have degraged. The new owners are dedicated but most of the staff are unexperienced, rather curt, speak little english, have very short fuses and a few members of the staff, might perhaps consider to care about basics of personal hygiene.This saddens me, because the Washingtn, old style was a gem. The location is still great, but this does not justify prices at the current level.  
<Date>Dec 21, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	5	2	1	1	1	

<Author>manolomo
<Content>the washington is ok We麓re a spanish group of 7 people betwen 28-30 years old. Two couples was in the quad room, quad room are two differents room with one share bathroom, the quad room is in the basement so is so noisy otherwise the rooms are spacious and very clean. A problem about quad room is the window wich are under the floor so the ventilation of the room is very poor (and the owners don麓t allow open the windows if you麓re not inside because cats go inside the room).About the triple room is ok, it has a balcony, a great bathroom, ....On the other hand the first night the hotel was complete so we were in the fourth floor: THE STAIRS ARE LIKE A NIGHTMARE, don,t book in the third or fourth floor you will be too tired and you can,t visit the city.Summing up, very clean, central and tired  
<Date>Nov 22, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	3	3	3	

<Author>mlitzenb
<Content>What a difference! The hotel is located in a quiet street just 3 min. walk from the Museumplein (Von Gogh Museum, Rijksmuseum). Leidseplein is also in walking distance, tram stations, restaurants and a big supermarket open till 22.00 are close by.Staff is very friendly and helpful. Our room turned out to be on top of the building. That meant climbing 3 sets of Amsterdam Stairs (very narrow and steep, a standard for buildings there).It was worth the climb: The apartment has a small kitchen, living room, bedroom and bathroom as well as two extra cabinets for storage. Furniture is mostly refurbished 1920s stuff and includes a TV set, fridge, microwave, electric piano, iron + board, hair-dryer and whatnot.The room also had a rooftop terrace about 3 x 3 m in size with garden furniture. Do take the 2-seater sofa from the living-room and put it out on the terrace if you ever get to stay there...We payed what you would usually spend on an average noisy greasy 10sqm 2-Star hell-hole in Amsterdam.I don't think you can possibly find a better place to stay if you travel on a budget. Do send me a mail if you do :-)  
<Date>Sep 28, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CanadaMember
<Content>Excellent location and value Date; August, 2006Reviewer: A TripAdvisor Member, Victoria, CanadaWe recently stayed for 5 days at the Hotel Washington in Amsterdam. There were 3 of us, including our son. We had booked the room (the apartment suite on the second floor) in January, after reviewing the great reviews in TripAdvisor.com. We knew the hotel had changed ownership at the start of the year, and so we were somewhat unsure how that might affect our stay.I am happy to report that the hotel lived up to all of our expectations. Yes, the climb up the stairs is very steep, and perhaps the new owners are not as friendly as the old owners, but it is still an excellent hotel for the money. The main advantage the Hotel Washington has is its location, close to the museums, Vondel Park and the Albert Cuyp Street market. You can easily walk to all of these places; in fact we walked right down to Dam Square. If you are not into walking then there is a tram stop right around the corner.The other big advantage for the Hotel Washington is that it is on a very quiet street. There was virtually no street noise that we had to deal with at night, although there was some noise in the building one night from the hallway, and the room upstairs. However the management were aware of the problem the next morning, and it did not happen again. The apartment we had was great for the 3 of us as it gave our son his own private room. We also had a kitchen and a balcony to sit on outside if we wanted to.You could quibble about the breakfast, and some of the carpeting was old, but on balance we enjoyed our stay, and would stay there again.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Yoshibird
<Content>Comfortable Enjoyed our stay at washington hotel. Beds were comfortable. Located in a nice quiet area. Quick/Convenient tram ride to city center. Breakfast was adequate - salami, cheese, boiled egg, toast/jelly/peanut butter, oj, milk, cold cereal, coffee. sometimes fresh apple/banana. Worth the price, would recommend this place if you are comfortable with public transportation.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Satine
<Content>Quiet location, nice ambiance       Front of Hotel Washington  
<Date>Jul 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	3	-1	-1	

<Author>DougP
<Content>Good basic place My brother and I stayed at Hotel Washington in November 2005 (just now getting off my (--) to write this review). Evidently the management has changed which is too bad because the people we dealt with back in November were really friendlly and helpful, and spoke totally fluent English (Johann and Hans I think).The hotel is on a quiet resdential street lined with 5-6 story townhouses. Van Gogh and Rijksmusuem are a 5 minute walk. Surrounding neighborhood is not super interesting but pleasant. There's a nice grocery store near the museums as well as a couple of tram stops. Hotel was quiet and clean. My brother's room facing the rear courtyard was nice enough though my room facing the street was a bit ugly and a little depressing though clean and functional.Breakfast was basic but acceptable and the breakfast room was really nice with classical music playing in the background.Good experience overall. I wouldn't go out of my way to stay there again but I'd consider it.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>pigchops
<Content>Hotel Washington This hotel has received ace reviews which was why we chose it .However, the hotel has new owners since January and although it is still a reasonably good hotel for its price, it is now nothing special.The hotel was clean - the bed rooms in particular. The decor is tasteful, but is now beginning to look a little tired. The reception staff are reasonably friendly though not overly helpful. The breakfasts, however, left a lot to be desired - if you don't like one boiled egg, there is no other choice. It is also boringly repetitious with the same thing everyday - three slices of bread, a cereaL, two thin slices of cheese and a bit of sausage.This hotel is fine if you are staying for a couple of days, but is not really suitable for longer.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>O.K. but close to the museums I had made reservations for this hotel in November 2005. At that time I got very prompt email responses. A couple weeks before my family was to leave Seattle to go to Amsterdam I emailed just to reconfirm my reservation. I did this a couple of times and never got a response which I thought was strange and annoying. Thankfully we were able to check in without any troubles. I realized that the hotel was under new ownership. We arrived at about 8:00 in the morning and they said our room wouldn't be ready until 2:00 pm. I expected this to be the case and based on my email conversations in November asked where we could put our luggage. We were told to leave it in a small lobby area. This was disappointing as there was no secure area to leave our luggage. I had assumed there would be a locked storage room. But it turned out that we had no troubles. The rooms were clean and it was a quiet part of town. The staff was cordial but not over the top friendly as I had read in previous reviews. I think this is because of new ownership. There were some language barriers with some of the staff but we made do. They did always respond to our requests. To sum it up I would say the hotel and it's staff were nice but not fantastic. I think my husband and I would try out another hotel in the future just for variety sake. But we wouldn't be devastated if we had to stay here again.  
<Date>May 22, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Vranka
<Content>OK for the money We thought the hotel was in a very reasonable proximity to all major attractions. The room was large a clean. We even had a terrace. I did not think the staff was perhaps as accomodating as we had hoped and the breakfast was modest to say the least if you like a sandwhich for breakfast (one slice of salami and one slice of cheese). No breakfast at all would have been better. Overall, we thought the hotel was very decent value for the price, yet we did not truly feel welcome. I would still recommend the hotel to the budget traveler.  
<Date>May 16, 2006
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>DaisyDancer
<Content>We liked Hotel Washington There were 6 of us who stayed at this hotel for several days in April. As it was our first trip to Amsterdam, we have no way to compare this hotel to any other there.We found the Hotel Washington to be very clean, very quiet, and loaded with atmosphere. The owners have had it just since January, so are still getting things worked out, but they, and their staff, proved to be quite friendly and very helpful. They gave us suggestions for places to eat, sold us stamps, answered our questions patiently, etc.Our room was up one flight of stairs, but others were higher. (As I had recently had a total knee replacement, I was glad to have just the one flight to climb!) There is no lift, so any guests must be able to climb steep stairs, or fly.The room was large and comfy, the bed was comfy, the bathroom was huge and had both tub and shower. We were given clean towels every day and the bed was made every day. The breakfast was tasty and all we needed. They offer boiled eggs, bread/toast, fresh fruit, orange juice, corn flakes, granola, slices of ham and cheese, coffee, tea, milk, and hot chocolate. The boiled egg is served to you in a neat little egg cup. The 'dining room' can seat maybe 18 people, so you can easily visit with other guests. At night, if I wanted a cup of cocoa, I just took my own cup down to the kitchen and asked for hot water, then returned to our room and made my own. No problem.The hotel is located within walking distance of many small shops, and a huge outdoor market, and is a block or so from a tram stop.We would definitely stay at the Hotel Washington again.  
<Date>May 10, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lquinnie
<Content>Very Satisfied with Hotel Washington My fiance and I stayed in a double room at the Hotel Washington for 4 nights (booked through easytobook.com) in May 2006 and found it to be a perfectly adequate, small hotel for the budget-conscious traveler. It is situated on a picturesque, quiet street and is conveniently located within short walking distance to 2 of the major museums in Amsterdam: the Van Gogh Museum and the Rijksmuseum. Although it was farther away from the hub of activity around the Central Train Station and Dam Square, it was less than a 10-minute tram ride to this area. (To get to the hotel from Central Station or Dam Square, take either tram 16 or 24 and get off at the Ruysdaelstraat stop; the hotel is about a minute's walk farther--follow the tram tracks around the corner onto Johannes Vermeerstraat--you can see Hotel Washington from the corner of Johannes Vermeerstraat and Frans van Mierisstraat). The hotel staff were friendly and accommodating. The room itself (#8), including the bathroom, was very clean and was spacious by European standards. The bed and pillows were quite comfortable. The breakfast was also adequate: coffee, tea, OJ, milk, choice of 3 cold cereals, fresh fruit (apples, oranges), toast with butter/jelly/peanut butter, and soft-boiled egg served in an egg cup with sliced cheese and salami. The only negative feedback I have regarding the hotel room is the odor of cigarette smoke. However, I realize that in a hotel as small as this that it would be difficult to designate rooms as non-smoking, although this would be the ideal. As is the case in most of the older homes in Amsterdam, the steps in the hotel are steep and narrow. A member of the hotel staff explained that due to restrictions by the Amsterdam historical society, it is not possible to alter the interior of the building so that a lift can be added. If you are able-bodied, you should have no trouble navigating the stairs, although it could be somewhat difficult with large or heavy luggage; the staff did offer to help us with our bags, but we declined and had no problem getting our bags (and ourselves!) up to the 3rd floor. Overall, I was very satisfied with the hotel. PS: If you like Indian food, there is an excellent Indian restaurant within a couple minutes' walk of the hotel, just past the Ruysdaelstraat tram stop on a street corner on the left-hand side of the street (I specify that it is on the corner because there is another Indian restaurant a few storefronts down on the same side of the street). My fiance and I agreed that this was the best Indian restaurant we've ever been to.  
<Date>May 10, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>SJ123
<Content>Quiet location We stayed at the Hotel Washigton for 3 nights, including Queens Day. The hotel is in a quiet location, which was good on Queens Day as it is absolutely mad in Amsterdam on this day.The tram stops at the end of the street so it is easy to get into the centre of town, which is about 15 minutes on the tram or 1/2 hour walk.I had read the reviews that said the staff were really helpful and friendly, to be honest I didn't find them that friendly or helpful, and beware about asking to leave your luggage somewhere on the day you check out. We asked to leave our luggage as our flight was not until 7.30pm and they weren't very happy about it. The rooms are quite large and clean, but not worth the 鈧?30 a night we were charged. I don't think I would stay here again.  
<Date>May 2, 2006
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>nidahodave
<Content>Nice hotel, liked location Stayed at the Hotel Washington during first week of April 2006. Positives: very quiet location, easy access to tram system, close to museums and concert hall, close to Albert Cuypmarkt market, decent size room. Negatives: typical dutch townhouse with 5 floors so will require using stairs as high as fifth floor rooms(no elevator), breakfast is on small side and isn't served until 8:30 am, and hotel is some distance from core of Amsterdam so using public transportation is a must.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved Hotel Washington!       The kitchen  
<Date>Apr 11, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>UMgirl
<Content>OK stay at the Washington The positives-The room was beautiful and very large. It had a balcony, beautiful windows and a chandelier, nice sitting area and a desk. The beds were 2 twins pushed together and were comfy enough. Good heat as well which was needed b/c it was quite cold out. The hotel is in a quiet area.The negatives-The location wasn't great for us. It is good if you want to spend your time there near the museums but we found it annoying to travel all the way to the center or from the center back to the hotel. For this reason alone we would not stay here again. It would have been nice to have tea/coffee facilities in the room....we tried to bring up juice/coffee one morning at breakfast and were told we were not allowed, so b/c of this we did not eat breakfast although it looked standard anyway (cereal/cheese/meats).The last thing I want to mention is that I would have hoped the staff would have been more friendly....  
<Date>Mar 25, 2006
<Rating>3	4	5	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>agerwer13
<Content>Great Rooms We stayed at Hotel Washington during a 3 day stay in Amsterdam. The room was rather large by European standards, but it was up a trek of three flights of very steep stairs. They were fine, but just a warning for those who may not want to walk up the stairs. The location is outstanding and there are two tram stops very close to the hotel. The bathroom was nice too.The breakfast was ok. I would have wanted a yogart or something in the morning. All they gave you was a boiled egg (which I don't eat), bread, and two slices of cheese and meat.The staff did answer all questions that were asked of them, and gave good directions when asked for traditional Dutch food. They even printed out walking directions for us.We would definately stay here again.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Convenient location This hotel was in an easy to get to location with tram stops near by and therefore easy access to central station and Dam Square. It was also within walking distance of the Van Gogh Museum and the concert hall.The room was a good size with a lovely high ceiling and an airy but warm feel (the weather was very cold) and a balcony that would be delightful in the summer months. It was tastefully decorated, clean and very well-maintained. Our only disappointment was no tea/coffee making facilities in the room which made a big difference to us as we are used to this. Maybe its not the norm in Holland but we missed not being able to have a hot drink in the late/early hours when we weren't out and about.This was our only disappointment however, as the breakfast was more than adequate and the staff pleasant.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>zombyw00f
<Content>A Perfect Hotel In Every Way! We just came back from a three day stay at the Hotel Washington and absolutely loved it. I have been to Amsterdam many times before, and have stayed in hotels ranging from five to two stars, so I speak from experience when I say this is certainly the best hotel of the lot. Firstly, the location just can't be beat. It's situated on a quiet street about two blocks from the Museumsplein in a non-touristy area. It was a short walk to the Leidsplein and right across the street from the tram. There's a lovely italian bistro right down the block with excellent food and an even better vibe. Now, the rooms... As you probably know, Amsterdam is not known for their enormous hotel rooms (unless you pay the big bucks, of course) so we were very pleasantly surprised at how big and comfortable our room was. King size bed, two big dressers, a chandelier, a large outside deck with a view of a courtyard, and a bathroom with a real shower (yes, it actually had a curtain!) All this for 65 euros a night! The only downside was that there is no elevator (it's a historic building) and dutch steps are like going up a ladder. But our host, Dennis (the new owner) helped us carry our heavy luggage up 3 flights of steps. The breakfast was good, nothing incredible, but it was included with the already low price, so I can't complain. The last reviewer did not stay in the actual hotel, so take it with a grain of salt. In my opinion, there is no better place to stay in Amsterdam, unless you want to plunk down 500 euros a night at the Amstel. I will definitely be back!  
<Date>Feb 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>perigee
<Content>Just OK We just returned from a long weekend in Amsterdam and stayed at the Hotel Washington based on the fabulous Tripadvisor reviews. We rented a 2 BR apt. for Euro 200/night for 3 women. Our apartment, #23, was just OK. I guess threadbare would definitely be a good way to describe it, although it did seem clean. There was a odd number of doors leading to the apartment, one of which was a vinyl accordian-style door with a weak looking lock, which made us nervous about leaving our valuables, especially since the hotel has no safes available to its guests. There was a small kitchen and very small bathroom, which were functional. I have seen apartment rentals in Amsterdam on the web which looked much nicer, in the pictures anyway.The new owners seemed indifferent at best. I have been to Amsterdam many times on business, so our group didn't require any assistance with getting around, etc., but the couple of questions we had were met with unclear answers. One of our questions was about the Connexxion Shuttle service from the airport, a good deal and very convenient. The Hotel Washington is linked on their website, but evidently they have now lost their contract with the shuttle.I did not see the rooms in the actual hotel, since we stayed in an adjoining apartment, but our rooms were cleaned once in our 3-night stay.I would look into staying at a different hotel on a future trip to Amsterdam.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2006
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>RobertMellors
<Content>This could be the last time Maybe the last time I don't know This was our first time to this Hotel but sadly it is changing ownership in Jan 06 so things will probably change.For the record all the staff are outstanding. Nothing it would seem is too much trouble if they can do it they will. Even the cleaning staff are great. Henry was cleaning our room singing away. Why are you so happy i said. I'm a christian, Praise the Lord, was his reply.Great location. Restaurants abound and all are first class by UK standards.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>youngtraveldude
<Content>This is where you want to be This was my first time to Amsterdamn, and I couldn't have picked a better place to stay. Upon arriving at the Amsterdam airport, you will want to look for the blue Schiphol Hotel shuttles ----- These shuttles are the only economical way to get from the airport to your hotel. Check out the website for a picture of the shuttle, so you know what to look for when you walk out of the airport. When I arrived at Hotel Washington, I was warmly greeted by Rolf, who couldn't have been more genial and warm. He gave me the basics on gettting around the city and where things were located...even took the time to draw up a map for me on how to get to the local gym.ROOMS: I know some have mentioned the steep staircase leading to the rooms, but I am young and in good shape, so this really wasn't an issue for me. Even if your fat and out of shape, I still don't see it as a big issue. Anyway, my room was perfect. Comfortable bed, cable television. My room, which was specifically a single room, was smaller, but nice sized for one person. I know Rolf has much larger room available as well. My bathroom was clean, with all the hot water i needed. Located on a quiet street, so I slept soundly with no outside noise.FOOD: I am an American, and in my country, we value and cherish a big morning breakfast. Well, I couldn't have come to a better place for a great breakfast (which is included in your room rate). When I sleepily walked downstairs in the morning, I was shown to a table, where a full Thermas of coffee awaited me. I told them I liked scrambled eggs, and the proceeded to make me one of the best scrambled egg meals I have ever eaten. Complete with all kinds of toast, cheese and fruit. This was truly a breakfast cooked to order, right out of their kitchen. EXTRAS: This is more like a bed and breakfast, but I must add...in NO WAY was my privacy ever encroached upon. Staff was warm and unbelievably friendly, but never were overbearing or nosy. Also, this location is GREAT!! You are just a 10 minute walk from the heart of Amsterdam. The Red Light District, various gyms and coffee shops are only a walk away. And the street Hotel Washington is located on is one of most beautiful in Amsterdam. I will be back in 2 months for a longer stay, and wouldn't stay anywhere else than HOTEL WASHINGTON! If you have any questions, feel free to email me. I travel the world and love to help fellow travellers. Amsterdam is a beautiful city and Hotel Washington is a beautiful place to call home during your stay.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>STurtle
<Content>So happy we chose Washington Great location and neighborhood with really good and friendly staff. Just be aware that this is more like a Bed and Breakfast than a hotel. A big airy room with plain furniture, no fancy decorator flourishes. Also, a very nice, individually cooked breakfast. It's like staying in a friend's house. We visited another similarly priced Amsterdam hotel for a meeting and it was so shabby by comparison.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2005
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Gem In Amsterdam We stayed at this hotel for 5 nights. The room was very spacious, and the Hotel service is so warm and helpfull, almost like you are being lodged in a friends house.The location is perfect. near to two magor tram lines. Walking distance to Museums,but still very quiet (which is very important for some of us).Since we stayed in the Queens day, most areas can be noisy through the night.The neighberhood is nice, yet offers resturants and place to stroll at night.One thing you must bear in mind: The stairs are very steep, even for the first floor.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>daveAZBC
<Content>One more positive review! We spent 3 nights recently at the Hotel Washington in Amsterdam, near MuseumPlein. We found it here on TripAdvisor and were sold by the many positive reviews. We found it to be exactly as described. Our room (at 120 Euros per night) was large, clean, quiet, and well-furnished. The breakfasts were excellent and the friendly staff were very helpful with any questions or recommendations. The three flights of stairs were tiring, but a useful contributor to our fitness program! A good thing that the staff willingly hauls all your luggage up and down the stairs. My wife and I would definitely return here!  
<Date>Oct 11, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Hawaii03
<Content>Perfect! We recently spent three nights at the Hotel Washington based on reviews from others on TripAdvisor - we were not disappointed! This is a great little hotel - the service was excellent and friendly and it is situated in a great area for seeing the city. Especially nice was the fact that our flight arrived at 8am on the day we were checking in and when we arrived at the hotel at about 9am they let us check in right away and gave us breakfast - and didn't charge us anything extra! We were able to sleep off the jetlag for a few hours before seeing the sites and it made all the difference. The room was clean and quiet. The shower had fabulous hot water. Breakfast was simple, but good. And, as another reviewer mentioned, the staff response to email correspondence could not have been more timely.I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone going to Amsterdam!  
<Date>Oct 4, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very charming Very comfortable hotel with helpful staff and nice breakfast/breakfast room. Clean, close to transporation and Rijksmuseum - which is not to be missed. Quiet, safe neighborhood. As noted, there are very steep stairs, but the hotel has so much character! Loved the city. Would return.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Best of Amsterdam This small, outstanding small hotel deserves to be among the finest in the Netherlands and across Europe. I stayed here in late Sept/early Oct 2005 and found the hotel to exceed the very high expectations I had based upon the reviews on TripAdvisor.I travel to Amsterdam 4-5 times per year on business, usually staying in the city centre or the Jordaan area at the Pulitzer, the Grand, SAS, Canal House or the Ambassade. I decided to try the Hotel Washington, although I had never stayed out in the Museum District before. This hotel overdelivers in every way for the discriminating traveller who appreciates warm, personal service in an authentic, passionately preserved atmouspheric Amsterdam hotel.I stayed in one of the apartments for Euro 165/night. The apartment was huge, with 12-15 ft ceilings, sitting area with piano, leather couches, a separate kitchen, dining area and bedroom. What a relaxing and sophisticated place. And the breakfast was excellent, cooked to order and delivered almost instantly.First and foremost, of course, the measure of any hotel is the staff and this hotel tops the list. Johan, Rolf, and all the team could not have been more friendly, helpful, and warm. If you value a perfect Amerstam experience you need look no further than the Hotel Washington.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>wheninroam
<Content>I Agree I stayed two nights at the Hotel Washington in August, based on reviews here. My experience matched that of others: a spacious room, excellent quiet location with an easy walk to the art museums and concert hall, a nice breakfast included, great response to my e-mail inquiries (the other top two hotels did not respond at all), and Hans, Johann  Johann were wonderful hosts. Any restaurant they recommend on Van Baerle Straat will be excellent. Many thanks to the Trip Advisor reviewers for locating this hotel!!p.s. if you have luggage, avoid the train from Schiphol airport. I could not get my large duffel bag up the narrow steps into the car; the loading area was filthy with shrapnel from a dropped ice cream bar; they do not announce stops; and despite my asking directions of several people including the on-board conductor who punched my ticket, I found myself on the wrong train. It was worth paying more for a taxi-cab.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>tiredfromtravelling
<Content>Ideal in all ways we stayed on the very top floor (share bathroom), which was a long way up, but unexpectedly had a large balcony and beautiful views. The character of the building and friendly staff made our stay here excellent. We loved the location and the breakfast too. Couldn't have been better!  
<Date>Sep 11, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>mlred99
<Content>Charming       Stairs to the lobby  
<Date>Sep 7, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Top call!! We booked our accomodation based solely on the Travel Advisor rating, and it did not disappoint! The staff are nothing short of fantastic, the best I have encountered. The inclusive breakfast was great, as was location and facilities. My only word of warning is the very steep staircase. Anyone staying about the first floor would need to be aware that it's quite a vertical climb and can be difficult with large luggage etc. The rooms were clean, large and comfortable, although the colour scheme was not quite what I was used to. Highly Recommended  
<Date>Aug 23, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>bigfozbelper_England
<Content>As Good As Everyone Said... Booked in for 2 nights mid August on the recommendation of this website. Can only reiterate what most of the reviewers said: a wonderful hotel. Staff couldn't have been more helpful and friendly; the rooms were large, comfortable, well equipped and clean. The only disadvantages were the steep stairs (not a problem to most) and the distance to the central station (not a problem if you use the nearby trams).When there, also make sure to visit La Falote on Roelof Hartstraat which is close to the hotel and was recommended to us by the staff. Excellent food and atmosphere and, if you're lucky, the owner will play the accordian for you whilst sitting on your lap! Perfect English is spoken (as you come to expect in Amsterdam) and English menus are available.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Fluffy7
<Content>Outstanding Hotel Thank you to all those reviewers who put me on to Hotel Washington. Just the sort of Hotel I love - very homey, comfortable, quiet. And the staff! From the moment I booked they couldn't have been more helpful. From helping with our luggage, to organising taxis and recommending restaurants - they were terriffic. For me, this was a wonderful location because of its proximity to the museums and Concertgebouw - but most of all for its peace and quiet. If this is what appeals to you as well - don't hesitate. You won't be disappointed. (But beware the steep stairs!).  
<Date>Aug 7, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Daisysnail
<Content>Would recommend this hotel We recently stayed at the Washington Hotel during our trip to Amsterdam, the place was very easy to find with excellant directions from the Hotels 'Website, we found the hotel very clean, smart, and the owners were friendly and extremely helpful, there are steep stairs so if you are not good with stairs then ask for a first floor room. Although I would prefer traditional English Breakfast, there was more than enough of the continental choice, cereals, orange juice, fruit, ham cheese, toast, biscuits and fruit loaf, with plenty of tea and coffee. The Van Gogh Museum and Rijksmuseum are literally 5 minutes walk round the corner and tram stops nearby. We would definately stay here again, and we will be visiting Amsterdam in the very near future as there is so much to see there. I Love the Place!  
<Date>Jul 19, 2005
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>unplainjaneToronto
<Content>wonderful stay just got back from a 4 night stay at the hotel washington and it was excellent! it is on a quiet street in the museum area and is in walking distance to leidsaplein and vondelpark. central station is a bit far but the tram is just around short walk away and is really convenient for the more distant areas like dam square and jordan. and for coming home when your tired. would definitely recommend going to prisengracht in jordan which is beautiful and take a canal tour which can be boarded across from the heineken experience.the staff were really friendly and allowed me to check in early at 9am without extra charge. i just let them know beforehand. we stayed in a large double room (which was actually 2 single beds put together which i thought was a bit strange). it faced the back garden and had a nice clean bathroom. the only small issues i had was that because my room was on the second floor i would wake up at 7:30am from the noises of the breakfast service which was directly downstairs. being a late riser i didn't like that. also the floors are creaky so you can hear people walking around. and facing the garden i would hear loud birds chirping in the morning. also it would have been nice if the decor of the bedroom was nicer. but these things really didn't affect my enjoyment very much. and i always fell back asleep : )breakfast was very nice and was served in a lovely room from 8-10am. it looks deceptively small but actually fills you up quite nicely and keeps you going till lunch. the restaurants around the area are expensive. though there is one place we found close-by where the food was inexpensive and really delicious. it's called pompa and is on the corner of willemsparkweg and van barlestraat. they make amazing salads. you can get an entree for around 8-12 euro where other places around the area averaged about 18 euro.i enjoyed the fact that my stay there was like staying in someone's home as opposed to a big generic hotel. i would definitely recommend this hotel for someone who wants a cozier traditional dutch hotel experience.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>scmassey
<Content>Love the Hotel Washington and Staff!       Hotel Wahington  
<Date>Jun 21, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Enjoyable stay at the Washington We throughly enjoyed our stay of two nights at the Washington. We travelled to Schiphol and took a train to Amsterdam and then a taxi from Centraal Station which took about 15 minutes. This is easier than a tram if you have luggage. The hotel was very central about 15 minutes walk to the centre and close to all the museums and Vondel park. The rooms were spacious and very clean but the only drawback for some people would be the Dutch stairs that are very steep (although good exercise for the thighs!!!! ) The breakfast was very nice and the proprietors were extremely friendly and helpful. Our trip to Amsterdam was very enjoyable and we would definitely recommend the Hotel Washington.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>y2000k
<Content>Fine hotel, nice staff       very small single  
<Date>Jun 9, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>dkuznetsov
<Content>Excellent Apartment Stayed for 3 nights with my wife and 2 small kids in a large two-bedroom apartment on second floor. Staff was very friendly and helpful. Simple but adequate breakfast. The hotel, stairs, apartment, furniture etc had that feel of an 'Old Dutch house' and I found it more enjoyable than a stay in a modern luxury hotel last year. Very convenient location in a quiet residential area close to museums, Leidsplein and Vondelpark. Lots of small local restaurants with good food. Overall we had a very pleasant stay.  
<Date>May 24, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>longbeachrover
<Content>Terrific Staff We stayed 3 nights at the beginning of our vacation to the Netherlands. We had a large room on the first floor. It was clean if not fancy with a great bathroom and comfortable chairs to relax in after walking around town. The best part of your stay is the wonderful staff at the hotel. They are always ready to give advice and assistance. They helped us with our luggage up the steep flight of stairs, sold us a tram strip , and told us how to use it. When we went to the Central Station, the tram was very convenient. The breakfast was very good with eggs prepared to order. The Van Gogh and Rijksmuseum are close and can be walked to in 5 min. There are several good restaurants within walking distance. They were inexpensive by European standards and seemed to cater to the residents of the area. We took the Canal Bus which has 14 stops and the ticket is good for a day and a half. It can be caught near the Rijksmuseum. We would definitely stay at the Hotel Washington again.  
<Date>May 13, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Charming and Quiet - Quality Hotel My wife and I spent on night at the Hotel Washington and enjoyed our stay. While the hotel is certainly not in the heart of Amsterdam, it is so close to the southern edge of all the great sites and the city is extremely walkable - we were satisfied by the location. Additionally, the above ground Tram that runs throughout the city makes a stop just 3 blocks away and from there it takes you straight through the main street up to the train station.The rooms at the Hotel Washington are pretty nice. Our room had beautiful windows overlooking the quiet street infront of the hotel. The bathroom was very nice and clean, the bed was comfortable, and the room have nice high ceilings. The stairs were Dutch stairs, which means ladder-like steep, so be ready to climb. Don't fear, there is a good sturdy handrail.A simple breakfast was served - cereal, milk, fruit - which was adaquate for me. While most hotels were booked, I found availability at the hotel with little notice.  
<Date>May 10, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic B I ended a two week vacation in Holland with three nights at the Hotel Washington in Amsterdam. It was a breath of fresh air. I stayed in larger hotels in the other cities I visited and found the Hotel Washington a welcome relief. I stayed in a double on the 3rd floor (with a shared bathroom). While not spacious, the room was clean and the bed was the most comfortable one I slept in while in Holland. The stairs to the top floor were very steep but the hotel staff helped with my bags, which was much appreciated. The Hotel Washington staff were warm and helpful. Tourist books and maps were made available as was internet access. The breakfast was nothing fancy but I enjoyed it. I visited Amsterdam over the Queen's Day weekend. The city was alive with activity and I appreciated returning to the quiet charm of the Hotel Washington each evening. The only thing that wasn't clear to me from the internet was the distance between the hotel and central station. It is about an hour walk, which was somewhat of a surprise, but the weather was lovely so I did not mind.  
<Date>May 9, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>gj47j
<Content>Good hotel but a little pricey Room rate for an apartment was 165 euros. Room was a little tired but had a large double bed and was very quiet (other than the sound of other guests climbing to the next level!). Lots of stairs so totally unsuited for anyone less than totally agile.Very well received by hotel management who take your bags to the room.No problem with early arrival/late departure and the place is very safe.Breakfast was a little disappointing but that was probably my fault getting the wrong impression from this website :-Meusli the only cerealLimited fruit bowlChoice of egg (!) note the singular1 slice of processed ham and one of cheeseselection of toastWe had friends meet us and take us around but if you are on your own there did seem to be plenty of brochures etc and I am sure the management would give plenty of adviceYou will not be let down here but you could possibly find better value for money  
<Date>Apr 25, 2005
<Rating>4	2	3	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful expreience We truly enjoyed our stay at the Hotel Washington. It was in a true neighborhood environment. Great value for the money. Very friendly hosts and a good breakfast in the morning. We had a suite which was actually an apartment w/ kitchen. It was a great experience to have our own little apartment in Amsterdam. Staff gave good sugestions and were very willing to assist. Free email acess as well. Would definately return. Easy walking distance to Museumplein. Trams make everywhere else easy.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Enjoyable Good location near the Rijksmuseum and Van Gogh Museum. Room was very nice, although up a steep set of stairs. Breakfast was good. Staff friendly and helpful.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Philjopa
<Content>Comfortable and spacious apartment Just got back from Amsterdam after a 3 night stay at the Washington. The hotel is actually several old houses that contain the rooms and apartments and is set in a very quiet area. The trams are just a few minutres walk away near the concert hall.Our apartment was on the second floor and was huge - kitchen, lounge, dining area, bedroom and bathroom. After we'd settled in, I realised that our reservation was actually for the top floor apartment. When I queried this with the management, they were very apologetic and showed us the top floor apartment. It was much smaller than the one we had been given and to be honest ours was much nicer, though the top floor apartment did have the large roof terrace. Not much use in freezing weather and snow though!The apartment was old fashioned but very clean and comfortable. The stairs to it were incredibly steep and not for the faint hearted! Access was via its own entrance next to the hotel.Breakfasts were OK - bread, cheese, eggs, etc. Alright for a couple of days but no longer.The people that ran the hotel were very friendly and helpful and spoke (of course) perfect English, as do virtually everyone that you meet in Amsterdam.Even though the weather was freezing, we enjoyed walking round the canals. Also recommend a trip to Haarlem, the Anne Frank House and the botanical gardens (especially the butterfly house). Excellent bars and restaurants once you get off the beaten track.All in all, an excellent trip. Don't stay at the Washington if you want 5 star luxury. If, however, you want a small, friendly, quiet hotel in a very Dutch environment then give it a try.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best Hotel Experience Ever! My sister and I stayed at the Hotel Washington 17 February 鈥?22 February 2005 and absolutely loved it. The rooms are surprisingly very large, clean and simply decorated. The hotel is located near the Museum district in a very quiet area. The tram that takes you to the DAM area and Central Station is a two-minute walk away and Albert Cuyp market is one tram stop away. There are plenty of restaurants in the vicinity of the hotel as well. Johan and the rest of staff are great. We have stayed in many hotels during our travels, but the staff at Hotel Washington takes customer service to the next level. They greet you at the door, take your luggage to your room and assist you patiently answering any questions you might have about Amsterdam; treating you as if you are a friend and not simply another paying customer. What we found a refreshing change was the fact that it didn鈥檛 feel like a hotel, the lounge and even the breakfast room made it seem as if you were visiting someone鈥檚 home. Speaking of breakfast, it was also simple, but with a nice selection and very filling鈥 wonderful way to start a day of touring and visiting museums. This was the first time we鈥檝e picked a hotel solely on the suggestion of the Tripadvisor ranking and we were not disappointed. We had a lovely stay at Hotel Washington and will definitely stay there again when we return to Amsterdam.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>rainford
<Content>Half term treat We stayed from Sunday to Tuesday night at the Hotel Wahington for a Halfterm Valentine treat. We can highly recommend this Hotel. We stayed on the first floor and the stairs are very steep especially with a heavy suitcase which the porter kindly carried for us on the way up but not when we left. It is quietly situated about 10 minutes walk from the Van Gogh and Reiksmuseums. The former at 10 Euros is much better value than the latter especially as most of it is closed for major repairs.The room was very clean and spacious with 2 armchairs and a TV which has BBC 1 and 2. The breakfasts were very good and you had cereal, eggs cheese and ham with lots of lovely bread and biscuits.Amsterdam is a delightful city to walk round although it was bitter cold this week. We would recommend the Canal Bus as a great way to see the city. It is 16 Euros per person but you can hop on and off all day until 12 noon the next day. You also get an informative commentary on the history and architecture of the city.Valentines was spent looking at Gassan Diamonds polishing factory where you can view in a small room a selection of diamonds to buy or just to admire. I managed to escape without hurting my wallet but ended up buying a silver and amethyst ring nearby.So both of us were happy!!All in all a good break at a very good hotel.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>archae01
<Content>Special place Hotel Washington is situated beyond the Grachten belt. This is however no real problem since you have all kinds of tramway stops nearby. We were able to get to anyplace within 10-15 minutes. Furthermore, the quarter is friendly and has shops and restaurants, but there are no noisy tourists or similar.The hotel is in a (or, rather, a couple of) ancient Amsterdam houses. This and the antique interior and the classical music give it a very special atmosphere. The stairs are however really steep. This adds to the original Amsterdam feeling (all ancient A'dam houses have those stairs) but may be a little tiresome if you return after a long day sightseeing.Our room was fine and spacious as was the bathroom. But the best thing is the staff. All people we learned to know at the Washington were warm and helpful. E.g., they arranged to get us cards for a show which wasn't bookable at all from Germany. All in all, we can definitely recommend Hotel Washington. We will surely stay there when we return to Amsterdam.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Going Dutch Recently stayed at this lovely boutique hotel for a weekend break. It is ideally located near the Concert Gebouw (concert hall) (walking distance from the Van Gogh Museum, Rijksmuseum etc). Easy access from Schiphol airport (Train to Zuid WTC (Single EUR2.10) and then Tram No 5 heading to Amsterdam Central - Get off at stop Museumplein (EUR6.40 for 15 Strip ticket - use 2 of 15 for journey from the station to the hotel)). Remember to validate your ticket on the tram with the driver or in the little yellow machine or face a large fine. The remainder can be used for your other tram, bus journey's around Amsterdam.As for the hotel, the breakfast room and entrance are welcoming especially the Christmas tree (for Sinta Klaus on 5 Dec). Breakfast comprises a choice of 3 cereals, juice, tea, coffee, selection of toast, biscuits and fruit bread and your choice of egg plus ham and cheese. A hearty start to any day....As for the room (No.3), it was impeccably clean, road facing (although it's very quiet so no problems here), however is next to the laundry room (again not a problem during our stay). The room is spacious, with two single beds, a desk, wardrobe, coffee table and 2 arm chairs. The bathroom has a tiled shower with plenty hot water! I was a little disappointed that the traditional feel of the hotel's reception areas was not continued in the room but the proximity to the centre of Amsterdam was more important for us. One cautionary note: watch the steep stairs for anyone with walking difficulties!The owners are very welcoming and helpful with recommendations and advice.I would personally recommend a visit to Anne Franks House, The Pancake Factory, Coster Diamonds (free tour), a Candlelight canal tour (Lovers at Amsterdam Central) - much better than a daylight tour when it's preferable to walk everywhere and a trip to Begijnhof (to see the hidden church). Overall, recommended as a preferable alternative to the large chain hotels...a lovely Dutch experience...  
<Date>Dec 7, 2004
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lovely hotel (but ask for top floor...) Lovely house, very pleasant managers who were very helpful. As with a previous reviewer, we were upgraded to a wonderful huge apartment, with a piano, kitchen etc. Really excellent. Only caution is that on our 2nd night a family was booked in to the apartment above - you could really hear them walking about very noisily (I think, this was due to having wooden floors??). Would have been impossible to sleep through if we had been staying any longer. Apart from that, no complaints and we would really heartily recommend this hotel for staff attitude, venue, history of the area - and ease of access to town!  
<Date>Nov 22, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fabulous hotel, reasonably priced Stayed for a long weekend in the Hotel Washington, Amsterdam.It's situated in a great location, in the heart of the museum area. It's also very close to an up and coming restaurant/ bistro area of the city. Our room was huge - one of the biggest in the hotel, with a bathroom to match. It was impeccably clean. Breakfasts were smashing, and the hosts were extremely kind and helpful. Highly recommend this hotel!!!!  
<Date>Nov 16, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Apartment   showReview(2812782, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 8, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Can't Say Enough Good Things   showReview(2622427, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 6, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Classy, friendly hotel   showReview(2617745, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 4, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Real Sleeper   showReview(2479337, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 20, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Spacious, airy, and comfortable   showReview(2478913, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 20, 2004
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>10 years later we still visit   showReview(2284138, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 8, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>An Exceptional Value   showReview(1924745, 'full');   
<Date>May 10, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Wshington in Amsterdam- GREAT   showReview(1848289, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 29, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Cleo218
<Content>It's a gem.   showReview(1672821, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 26, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>My Favorite Hotel In Amsterdam   showReview(1443016, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 9, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sultan69
<Content>Kleines Hotel mit freundlichen Gastgebern   showReview(20618209, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>EllenCh
<Content>Nie wieder !   showReview(20386875, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 26, 2008
<Rating>1	1	-1	4	-1	3	2	3	

<Author>MARIAValencia
<Content>Perfecto   showReview(7313104, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	3	5	3	

