<Author>deepballer
<Content>Great location, large rooms My wife and I stayed here our last night of our honeymoon in Europe. While we stayed at a different hotel the week prior, we were very happy we chose this hotel vs. going back to the other one (987 Hotel). This was modern and sleek with larger rooms and a better location in my opinion.  
<Date>Dec 22, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>shamrock_cork
<Content>Loved this Hotel Wow.. where do I begin, The Managment were aware that we were in Barcelona for a special occassion and after our first night in a very nice room, phoned and asked would we like an complimentary upgrade to the Master Suite!!! It was fantastic, really beautifull, with a fantastic free minibar, huge tv, Queen Bed, Wetroom etc etc. We had a great weekend and loved the location,,,, but watch your wallet, everyone gets pickpocketed in Barcelona...its not an urban myth,  
<Date>Nov 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mfoundas
<Content>Great Hotel But Pricey Loved this hotel but very Pricey!Rooms were fantastic very clean and very modern and the best hotel bed ever! Roof top pool was lovely with a great view and the breakfast was very good indeed. Location was fantastic just over the road from Gothic and the staff were friendly and helpful. Would love to stay there again but would have to be for a special occasion as was the most expensive part of our trip in Spain  
<Date>Nov 14, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>louisegreen
<Content>Could do better.. Slightly disappointed with our stay here...The location is amazing and the main reason that we picked itThe second reason was for the rooftop pool - however - when we arrived in late September we discovered that it wasn't heated and that there were no facilities (such as a bar) with it - despite the suggestion on their website that there was..The third reason we selected it was for the interiors (we stayed in a suite). The room was certainly a good size and we had a great view overlooking the Cathedral but as over reviewers have suggested the lighting is TERRIBLE and impossible to see anything in the room in the evening..We were also kept awake most of the night by the noise every evening - but then - who comes to Barcelona to sleep?All in all - probably a little too pricey for what it is - but certainly a great location  
<Date>Nov 7, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	5	2	3	2	1	

<Author>JJWAmsterdam
<Content>Nice, but not top quality We found it to be a nice hotel. Everything looks sharp and the hotel is well-run. Roomservices and questions are dealt with quickly by the friendly staff. This is all good, and the location is excellent. What was not so good is the fact that you cannot open the windows yourself, and they turned of the airco as it was getting cold outside. The atmosphere in the room got hot, damp and unpleasant and having to get someone to open en close your window for you is every time you want to do something about it is irritating. The lighting is a weak point as well, and so is the noisyness between rooms.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	4	4	3	

<Author>WimLeuven
<Content>Well done ! We booked this hotel for a group of 12 persons (6 couples) and liked a lot :- location- what they have done with the building- the staff (very helpfull !!)- the breakfast- the restaurant (not much choice but excellent quality food)- the serviceIt's not always easy to fit a group to everybodys satisfaction in the same hotel, but they did, so congratulations !It was everything we needed for a three day stay in lovely Barcelona.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	5	4	

<Author>TonyB08
<Content>A 'Luvvies' Paradise The trend to decorate any thing static in browns and neutrals has gathered incredible pace in recent times and this is an example of taking this increasingly boring and 'safe' design ethos slightly too far.The first thing that strikes you is the very smart reception area and you are greeted by friendly staff and in our case we were shown to our room by one of the lads that double as taxi grabbers and porters. There is no official concierge desk.From the agreaable reception area - which cleverly pipes soothing fragrance via the airconditioning - you will arrive at your designated floor and will probably wonder if there has been a power cut and the entire hotel is operating on emergency lighting. But no, it is deliberate (I assume) and you will feel your way along the walls until you find your room.The rooms are a reasonable size and we found our beds (albeit two singles pushed together) extremely comfortable. Our bathroom was laid out differently than our friends and our sink was situated within our bedroom and the sliding glass door to the side led into the toilet/bathroom. (Not a design I would choose for a hotel room/bathroom)The 90cm side glass panel on the bath served absolutely no purpose except to allow the bathroom floor to fill up with water whenever we had a shower - simply useless. And the lighting throughout the room is nothing short of ridiculous. You spend half the time looking for a way to create more light in the room only to keep reminding yourself this is as light as it gets. The room does nothing to make you feel welcome and comfortable. The rooftop pool was impressive to look at but this is where it all ends. Firstly it was freezing and we saw no-one in it for 3 days even though the weather was averaging 23 degrees C. There was no bar on the roof so anyone thinking that you can wile away a few hours with a couple of drinks will have to bring your own up (as we saw some do) and then have paramedics standing by if you can manage to spend any more than 20 minutes lying on -again what is a very smart looking - sunbed that actually manages to allow you to feel every metal rod running along the back. I have stayed in many hotels around the world and had extremely high expectations of this hotel. It is probably great as a business venue for media/advertising types and the like but it simply fails to deliver any feeling of luxury and comfortability - which is far more important to me than allowing a novice interior designer loose in a building that they never have the first intention of staying in.Like the pool, it all looks good but start to actually use/stay here it falls down in many areas. This hotel flatters to deceive - if you visit it you will think that it looks quite cool. However, to stay in it is simply 'style over substance' to quote a previous reviewer.To summarise, I don't think anyone can accuse the GHC as rubbish - because it is not - especially as it is in such a great position. But then so is the H10 Montcada which is a few doors down, and whilst it is not as expensive it is more highly rated on Trip Advisor and I can see why. We visisted their top floor which had a lovely sun terrace area and small bar so at least you could sit in the sun and get served a few cocktails and it just felt really relaxing and practical. The GHC is a superior hotel but needs to introduce these options asap - it is baffling why they haven't.Unfortunately, comfortable and practical are not words that can be used in the same sentence as Grand Hotel Central.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Mrs_Buffy
<Content>Great location but nothing special We stayed at room 520 for 4 nights. The design 'look' modern but in a cheap way, think about a dark brown room shown in an IKEA catalogue.In terms of staff, a few of them are ok (you ask, they answer that kind of thing) but some are just stone cold, not even a smile or good morning after we pass them by so many times. I saw other people's comment about the poor lighting inside (and outside) the room, I thought not a big deal. How wrong was I. I can't even see my zit when I want to put zit cream on it. Forget make up, eye liner, mascara etc...(if you are a low maintenance male, may be not a problem for you).The poor lighting also cause problem with cleanliness, maybe their housekeeping staff can't see well enought to clean. Bedsheets got stains, the shower stall got brown and grey molds all around, it's disgusting. (If the staff are nicer, we would try to as for a room change, but just didn't bother because they look so cold)The room we had face the back street, so no street noise, BUT you can heard water running and hairdryer sound from the next room.The toiletries are minimal, nothing fancy, no clock/alarm in the room. They do provide free non-alcoholic drinks in the mini-fridge, The location is great, close to everything, but there are a lot of hotels around that area, I will definitely try another one if I go back to Barcelona again.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	1	3	-1	3	

<Author>Cornishkitty
<Content>Bliss in Barca From the second our taxi door was opened and cases taken to our room we were looked after really well. I booked a small suite as a treat to my boyfriend and it was a great 3 days. The staff were really helpful - a blind was broken when we arrived but it was fixed as soon as we mentioned it. I liked the little extras like the weather forcast pillow cards being delivered to your room and the fresh pilow cases.The room was a corner suite on the 4th floor and provided a great view of the La Merce festival. The room was noisy, I stay in hotels across London for work each week and this was much louder at night so I suggest you pack some ear plugs.The nice touches such as the Cava and chocolates are great - but you get a bit narked when they forget to refil the fridge and you cannot have a Cava in your lush bubble bath before you go out. They also forgot to fill up the water but we got some more from the pool.The pool was quite quiet when we went and always had a choice of loungers. It is very subtle lighting, made darker by dark wall treatments but overall it is really relaxing. However as an interior designer I agree that they should do something to make the bathroom lighting better for shaving and make up. Then I really think it would make the room perfect.There are some lovely architectural features such as the old stair well and the reception area.I would certainly stay again and think the location was perfect, apart from a trip to Parc Guell we didnt need taxi's or the Metro.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>ZoeeoZ
<Content>All style, no substance I'll preface this review by stating that I'm quite grouchy due to the fact that I haven't been able to sleep for the past four nights, so take these comments for what they're worth, but I am so horribly disappointed by this hotel that I have decided to write my first TripAdvisor review as a rebuttal to all the glowing reviews that led me to book here in the first place.As most people do, I'll start with the positive, what little there is.This hotel oozes with style. From the lobby to the rooftop pool, everything is visually quite stunning. It's sophisticated and modern in an urban way that seems just right in such a stylish city. The room I'm in has a beautiful wood floor, a lovely minimalist bathroom with sliding glass doors and slate tile floor, and the furnishings are very cleverly laid out so as to maximize space.The location is very convenient, walking distance from just about everything and the Jaume I metro station is about a block away for what lies outside of walking distance. There's an organic supermarket down the street (and room in the minibar fridge to put things) as well as cafes and banks and pharmacies - anything you'd need. I'll admit that I picked this hotel mainly for its location and I was not at all disappointed in that regard.The staff, too, at least the ones I've encountered so far, have been nothing but friendly, helpful and gracious. Nothing all that exceptional, but definitely everything you would hope for. I don't fault them one bit.HOWEVERUnderneath this sleek exterior is a whole wealth of aggravatingly poor design and planning. The bed, for example. It looks beautiful the way they make it up and very inviting after an arduous cross-Atlantic flight. It's quite bouncy, good for jumping, I'd imagine, and I'm seriously not at all picky about beds - I'll happily dream away on the hardest of futon mattresses - but I can actually feel the springs poking up through the skimpy cushioning and I can't fall asleep for more than a few hours without one of my limbs falling asleep. This morning I noticed a bruise on my hipbone from lying on one side for too long. My neck and shoulders ache something fierce and I now understand why they put little note cards everywhere advertising in-room massages. After sleeping on their beds, you'll need one.My second major complaint: the lighting in the rooms. There is not enough of it. And what little there is is so infuriatingly poorly positioned it makes me want to scream. In the lobby, the poor lighting feels moody and seems almost appropriate. But there is no excuse for what they've managed to do in the rooms. There are three recessed overhead lights, one directly above (maybe slightly behind) the head of the bed, one directly above the sink and one above and slightly in front of the toilet. There is also a desk lamp on the desk, some sort of lighting inside the closet and a coil of Christmas lights behind the headboard that serves only to add atmosphere. That sounds like enough, doesn't it? Well, the desk lamp is perfectly functional, I won't complain about it. And the atmospheric closet and bed lights do what they set out to do well enough. But the light above the bed is pointed in such a way so as to blind you should you want to read in bed lying on your back and if you should try to turn over and lie on your stomach, it takes some real effort to position yourself and the book in such a way that the pages are illuminated. And it also somehow fails to sufficiently light the side of the room it is responsible for. The light over the sink also points straight down, casting shadows on the face, making it impossible to see in the mirror. I caught a reflection of myself in the mirror of a well-lit bathroom yesterday and I absolutely looked like a clown, having applied too much blush and crooked eyeliner. And my boyfriend keeps cutting himself shaving. The third overhead light, over the toilet is totally mysterious to me. It allows you to see the floor in front of you perfectly, and somehow fails to pour any of its light into the shower, making it the darkest single corner in the room. I simply don't understand it.Speaking of the bathroom, it certainly looks very pretty and modern and spotlessly clean. But if anyone anywhere in the hotel flushes their toilet while you happen to be in the shower, the water turns scalding hot for a good 10 seconds. The showerhead is on one of those poles where you can slide it up and down to your desired height, which seems quite nice until you realize that there is no way to make the showerhead stay where you have put it and have to do a kind of dance in order to remain in the stream of water. And the shower has no door or curtain, only a panel of glass 2 or 3 feet wide that does nothing to prevent the entire bathroom from getting wet.The walls are very thin and poorly soundproofed and, even though I thought I had booked an Executive Room on a high floor with views over the city, I was instead lucky enough to be assigned a (cheaper, smaller) room overlooking a playground where children can be heard screaming until well past midnight.I have a few other smaller complaints, like the food we ordered from room service late last night being pretty bad, though admittedly very prompt and convenient at 4 in the morning when we couldn't sleep, the air conditioner is rigged so that it turns off when you leave the room, meaning you always come back to a room that is hot and stuffy, and the rooftop pool, albeit totally picturesque, doesn't have nearly enough seating to accommodate the number of hotel guests who want to spend time there, and from what I can tell, all the seats are snagged up early in the day by the middle-aged British tourists who sit there all day swilling their wine and discussing their assets (I'm not even being facetious - at the pool today I overheard two distinct groups of people discussing their vast finances) and, at least for me, standing room only and people twice my age acting half as mature makes enjoying a glass of wine on the rooftop at sunset more or less impossible.I haven't been to the gym yet, but I passed by it today and it looks like all the equipment is brand new and, like the rest of the hotel, it's very clean. Same goes for the business center.In short, it seems to me that what you are paying for when you book a room at the Grand Hotel Central is the decor, the location and the courteous staff. Everyone and everything is nice and pretty. But take all that away and you are left with a hotel I wouldn't spend $60 a night to stay in, let alone 200 Euros. This hotel has everything you could possibly desire, except for what's most important: beds you can sleep on, showers you can shower in and functional lighting - pretty serious oversights in my book.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>fiftys0methings
<Content>very central, very chic This was our first trip to Barcelona, for a special occasion (50th birthday) we couldn't have picked a better location, as most of the other reviews state. The hotel does have a cool and calm atmosphere as soon as you walk in the door, the staff were pleasant and helpful but not intrusive nor over effusive either.it is true that the rooms are a little dark, but the bathroom is bright enough for make up etc, the black out blinds are brilliant and together with our ear plugs you can sleep till noon if you wanted to (you definitely need ear plugs as there is a lot of traffic noise as well as the metro rumble). We were on the 4th floor.We were slightly disappointed as although we had made it clear on our booking that we were celebrating a special birthday, we didn't get the room we requested (double bed). However the room was well designed and spacious and the soft drinks in the fridge were very welcome and were always topped up, there is also complimentary water available when you visit the pool area. It is very popular at the end of the day, so you might not get a sunbed.We would definitely stay at the Central again, the breakfast choice was excellent and the hotel has all the essentials and more besides.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>licklestace
<Content>Fantastic Hotel Me and my partner stayed in this hotel for 3 nights for a long weekend get away. The hotel itself is in a great location, really central to most sites and it has the Bus Touristic stop 3 minutes away.Check in was speedy and the hotel staff were exceptionally friendly and welcoming. During my stay I queried with the reception about anywhere that may sell UK plug adaptors, and within 5 minutes one of the porters was knocking on our room with an adaptar for me to have!!The rooms were nice, small but clean and modern. The mini fridge with drinks in was a lovely touch and needed after long days about and about. The hotel rooftop pool was sooo nice to come back to in the evenings when it had been so hot all day and the sights are stunning, especially of an evening when it becomes dark.The breakfast was amazing!! So much choice with regards to hot food, pastries, cereals, fruit and yoghurt. The evening meal we also had at the hotel was lovely though a little pricey.All in all the hotel and staff were fantastic and made our stay even more memorable in Barcelona.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>YorkshireDevil
<Content>The coolest hotel in Barcelona!       Taxi!!  
<Date>Aug 30, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>Emmina
<Content>Excellent location We stayed at this hotel for three nights and although we did have some minor troubles (check in delayed by half an hour, water pressure) the staff of the hotel and the manager in particular demonstrated great understanding and excellent customer service. Interiors are very well designed, minimal being the key word. I'd go back there as the location is perfect, we walked everywhere and didn't need to take the tube at all! One highlight: the breakfast! Eating out in Barcelona can be pretty pricey so the huge buffet with savory and sweet choices, cooked brekfast with tortillas, eggs, bacon, etc is definitely worth it!  
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	2	5	5	

<Author>C_and_MH
<Content>Great location for a few days in Barcelona Grand Hotel Central has a perfect location mid way between the barrio gotic and el born. The rooms are modern with internet access but some are a little dark with views to a courtyard with brick walls. The sundeck would be gorgeous if only it were not packed with guests. The best time to go is at night.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>davenrich
<Content>Soothing and relaxing We visited Barcelona during a heat spell in August when all of Europe heads for the beaches. The Grand Hotel Central was a wonderful place to return to after a busy day visiting this busy very lively city. Everytime we walked into that wonderfully air conditioned lobby we went, Aahhhhhhh! Our room was on the small side but very efficiently laid out and super attractive and clean. The bed and the pillows were comfortables. The roof top eternity pool was another big plus with great views of the city. I also loved and used the library quite a bit to read, use our laptop, and grab a free expresso. The staff was also very friendly and always willing to go the extra mile to help.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Spider49
<Content>We Loved Grand Hotel Central! My husband and I stayed at the Grand Hotel Central for 3 nights from 3 August. We had a standard room on the 7th floor which was great for access to the wonderful roof top pool. The room was not huge but very well appointed and quiet and the beds were really comfy.All the staff were friendly and efficient and we liked the minimalist style of the hotel - not probably to everyone's taste but we liked it a lot, especially the reception area where there were comfy sofas, candles lit in glass containers and soothing music being played.Breakfast was included in the package we booked (through AirMiles) and was very good with a lot of choice. The location is really good - its not called Central for nothing! An easy stroll to Port Vell where there are lots of restaurants and a similar stroll to Las Ramblas and other sights. A really great 4 days in a great city.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Nigel029
<Content>great hotel In the heart of Barcelona, yet quiet, great room, breakfast, efficient service, could not fault it.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Paris75009
<Content>Great roof top pool We stayed at the Hotel Central for its location close to the trendy Born and the roof top pool鈥?super location, beautiful views from the pool, international clientele. Some of the rooms are huge, some small (we had 3 over the weekend: the first was a smoking room, the second had LOUD noises from toilets flushing above and the third was small. Large modern bathrooms are great, the rooms are done with rather cheap materials.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>NanaAnne
<Content>Best Little Hotel in Barcelona My granddaughter and I spent 4 nights at the Grand Hotel Central and loved every minute of it. The desk staff was friendly and helpful, the rooms were very hip, beds were fabulous, and the roof-top pool was icing on the cake. There were a number of restaurants nearby, and public transportation was only a block or so away.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Gavin-Kent
<Content>Great City, Good Hotel Just got back after a long weekend break in Barca, celebrating our 10 year wedding anniversary. The City is amazing, and the hotel is in a great location for you to get the best out of your stay. If you're there for a short time, then this place is ideally situated for you to get around to all the best places - whether that be Rambla, Beach, Sightseeing, Museums, Catherdrals, Shopping, or just wandering around the many squares and back streets. The swimming pool is a welcome place to rest and recharge before going out in the evening, and has great views across the City. The facilities and finishings are good - not amazing, but good. If it it was a high street shop it would be a Habitat, if a car marque it would be a VW. The hotel interior design is subdued lighting (not dark  pitch black as some reviews imply!), modern, and relaxed. The staff are polite and attentive. If you look for problems, you could probably find them, but really nothing worth geting in a stew about. It's worth bearing in mind that the hotel is on one of the main roads in the city, so if you are a (really) light sleeper you might get irritated by traffic noise, but you'd only get upset about it if you were trying to listen for it. Besides, by the time you go to bed in this city there's hardly any traffic...  
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>travelling0n
<Content>Great hotel       View from the roof, most buildings behind are lower in height  
<Date>Jul 9, 2008
<Rating>5	3	4	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>BlackberryLondon
<Content>Your very own mausoleum Booked an Executive Room which promised extra space and the best views.Reality was a tiny room,with horrible views, which was dark and claustrophicOnly decent thing is the location, but the combination of poor lighting and black walls did nothing for me. It may be trying to be chic, but it has zero styleHorrible  
<Date>Jun 21, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	5	2	2	2	-1	

<Author>BakerStreetLondon
<Content>Beautiful hotel in Barcelona A great boutique hotel; stylish and smart, but not so dark you can't see. The staff were courteous. Fantastic location just round the corner from the cathedral. I had an executive room which was clean and spacious. The minibar was inclusive in the price, and even contained non-alcoholic beer. Great rooftop pool too!  
<Date>Jun 16, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Julie-Suhr
<Content>Not bad at all I was so confused about which hotel to chose but finally after booking and cancelling a few others, I decided on Grand Hotel Central. We have been to Barcelona several times and we usually stay at 5 star hotels.I booked a loft room as we got a special deal for 259 euro per night. The minibar is free and replenished every day. Even though the website says it's non alcoholic, they do put 2x20 cl bottles af cava in it every day. The shower is great, the bed was comfy and even though it is true that the rooms are a bit dark, the ambience of the hotel is lovely. The rooftop pool is nice too and the hotels location couldn't be better. I would definetely recommend this for people between 25-40 years.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>phsinfla
<Content>Location, Service, Atmosphere - all GREAT! What a nice hotel! The location can't be any better - a block away from the Cathederal. The rooms appeared to be recently decorated - dark colors and wood, but very nice. All of the hotel employees were very friendly and helpful.I was staying at this hotel for work and it was paid for by someone else, but at 180 Euro per night it was a good deal for the size, service, and location.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Sharklet
<Content>Great Hotel We stayed here during the last week of May 2008. Overall a lovely hotel and staff very friendly and helpful. The free mini bar is a welcome touch and the rooms very spacious and modern. The only fault which has made me write this review is that it is very dark in the hotel due to the rather unfortunate choice of decor, a point mentioned in many reviews. This is ok as you do not really spend much time in your room when visiting a city but it is nice to be able to put your contact lenses in and put on some make up without going out looking like a clown. The other aspect which I should point out in fairness to anyone looking at staying here is that it is very noisy. If you are given a room at the front of the hotel you will find the road noisy and the metro rumbling by every five minutes. We stood only the one night and were moved to a quieter room at the back of the hotel, which was a smaller room but at least we could sleep. Do check when booking if you do not like noise. Roof top pool freezing! I would recommend the hotel to anyone going to Barcelona though and would not hesitate to stay there again, taking along a miners lamp to see by.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Julie031
<Content>Great location Highly recommend this hotel, location was excellent for the major attractions, very close to the old city with easy walking to reach the metro  sightseeing buses. Staff were pleasant, buffet breakfast was ample. Really thought the complementary soft drink mini-bar was a welcome change. Our room faced a corner street  was very quiet. Lighting is quite subdued in the room  the only problem was that the mirror was a bit underlit.Would certainly return - great city!  
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>NANASMAD
<Content>Great, relaxing hotel       Monument at Port  
<Date>May 25, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>clemu2127
<Content>Great Pool! The decor at the Grand Hotel is lovely and the amenities are nice. Everything in the mini bar is free, but there is no alcohol. The bathroom was very cool and modern. The roof-top pool was definitely the higlight of this hotel! The pool is beautiful and there are plenty of comfortable chairs to lounge. There is a bar on the roof that provides beer and wine. The views of the city are stunning! The location was absolutely perfect - walking distance to Las Ramblas and a subway station. I'm not a coffee freak, but my travel companion is and she was delighted to find a Starbucks and several other more authentic coffee shops very close to our hotel.  
<Date>May 22, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	5	4	4	5	2	

<Author>333judi
<Content>Great Location This hotel is in a great location for exploring Barcelona on foot. However, when we stayed the weather was dreadful from arriving to leaving (two days early), this was nothing to do with hotel. However, the bad weather highlighted certain points.1. No radiators in room for drying, but hotel staff took clothes away and returned them promptly.2. The restaurant appeared 'cafe like' and functional and no bar to relax in.3. The minimalistic decor was very despressing in bad weather, i.e. grey walls and spotlights, which left us yearning to get outside for some daylight.4. Staff were excellent and helpful.Would certainly return here, but only if sunny :)  
<Date>May 20, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	5	3	3	

<Author>Nick_Johnson
<Content>Fantastic Hotel and location were fantastic walking distance to major attractions and really tidy and contemporary. Pool on the roof was excellent however the water was a little cold. The staff however where my only gripe they were not particularly helpful when asked for assistance they did not particularly care. This however would not stop me from returning excellent hotel in an excellent city!  
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	3	2	-1	

<Author>Vonneytraveldotcom
<Content>Central Chic Choice Excellent central location - chic minimum in style - fabulous infinity pool with City views - excellent breakfasts. Very comfy beds, bathrobes okay if you are a size 8 or below or don't mind revealing all!I wouldn't recommend the Romantic package - really not worth the extra and the restaurant is not conducive to romance - too sparse! Although the pretty food is okay (international not spanish) - there are much better restaurant in close proximity.Would return and would recommend, bit on the pricey side - but Barcelona is not a cheap place to go.  
<Date>May 7, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	3	4	3	3	

<Author>LondonTowns
<Content>Fantastic Hotel overlooking the Gothic Cathedral Booked this via lastminute, offered a really competitive package (seeing as the Euro is currently straining a few wallets!). Unlike my stay in Rome last year, this hotel really lived up to it's 4* rating. Rooms were spacious, with free minibar which was especially welcome for trawling round the city! Situation is fantastic, close to the beach and port, while being right on the arterial road connecting the Gothic quarter with the trendier Born district. Saw some negative feedback on the lighting and, while I would agree that the spotlights above the bed have a bizarrely overcomplicated dimmer setting, we found this fine. Overheard some fellow clients complaining about the dim lighting in the corridors, but we just found this ambient, and pretty welcome after a long day in the sun! Would also disagree with some comments about the noise. Living just off one of the main roads into London, noise was no issue, and the traffic (all 5 lanes of it) was pretty quiet. And we were there during the boisterous Mayday protest marches, so it's saying something!Overall, a great stay. Breakfast is excellent, but would recommend only if included in package--otherwise, there is an excellent bakery just across the road, outside Liceu metro station, which would prove far more economical! Oh, and I would warn about the hotel-booked taxi--not sure if it was on their side, but the cab the hotel booked cost us double the fare of the first trip from the airport to the hotel--when we were stuck in traffic for 30 mins! Not sure if it was just dodgy cab driver, but did leave a bad taste.  
<Date>May 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>AnnBGuernsey
<Content>Excellent hotel       The pool  
<Date>May 2, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>iradier
<Content>Lost in the dark The hotel has a nice renewed decoration, the room was clean but not enough lights to see very much around. Excellent blankets and a big barhroom also poorly illuminated. I also missed a bidet which is common in all Europe. The price rather high.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	2	4	2	3	3	

<Author>howie603
<Content>Great Location, Stylish Hotel The first time we stayed in Barcelona we had no idea how big the city was and we were quite far out, so this time we were determined to stay somewhere central. The Grand Central is perfectly located between Born and Gotic and a very quick walk to Ramblas. Yes as people have mentioned the hotel is dark but that is the style of this Mr  Mrs Smith designed hotel. The rooms are not massive even though we paid extra to lastminute for a bigger room I really don't think we go it. The beds are very comfortable, the electric black out blinds were great, total darkness. We asked for a quite room and we got a room on the back but it wasn't that quite as there is a kids play park behind which skateboarders use and we were on the lower floors, i would ask for a higher floor and still take earplugs.The free bar contains 1 no alcohold beer, 1 diet coke, 1 reg coke, 2 sparkling waters and 2 still waters and a small bar of dark chocolate and is filled every day.One problem I found was that the bathroom mirror light is not very bright for makeup application!If you do need a supermarket when you get there turn right outside the hotel and then right again at the corner. Down this large street is a small DIA supermakret on the right hand side and just after a fab indoor food market with lots of lovely things in.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	3	-1	-1	

<Author>TresPlumas
<Content>Great Location Excellent hotel in a fabulous location. Walking distance to all the big attractions, right in the heart of the old city. Super friendly and helpful staff. Easy to get to from the airport via the bus which stops at Placa de Catalunya and then its a 10 minute walk. Rooms won't blow you away with opulence but comfy beds and trendy chocolate and cream coloured decor. Free minibar is just cola and water, one bottle of non-alcoholic beer. All basic and next level rooms are twins not doubles although a couple exist. Room 616 has a queen for basic prices. For location, quality of the rooms and how helpful the staff were you can't go wrong with this hotel. Thoroughly recommend and will stay there next time.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>sparky1971
<Content>Great central location This was my 2nd trip back to Bareclona  opted for this hotel due to its location. We were really pleased with the choice, the check-in was great  the staff were very helpful. I agree that the hotel has gone for the chic uber feel but we really did appreciate it after a full day out sightseeing  the blackout blinds were perfect. It has a real calming feeling when you walk in but if your after oppulence  indulgence then this is probably not the hotel for you although I definately would go back there. The rooms were a good size  we did not suffer with any noise but are room was on the side of the hotel. The only fault I could say was that the bathroom got very steamy after a shower  this made the bedroom quite warm  you aren't able to open the windows obviously for safety reasons. We only had one bathrobe in the room but a quick call to reception  they brought another 1 up to us. My over all opinion of this hotel is that its very central, clean  good value for money. I would definately stay there again !  
<Date>Mar 20, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>pollotim
<Content>Great location - very nice room - noise is a problem Stayed in a City Suite for 3 nights in March - nice large corner room - very well decoreted. This is a nice deisgn hotel without being pretentious. Staff were friendly and informed.Best about this hotel is the location - right at the corner of the Born destrict - which has lots of nice streets with bars and places to eat.Only gripe would be the noise - we were on 5th floor so although you could hear the traffic from below it was not terrible.However there appears to be no soundproofing between rooms - We only someone next door for one night - but could hear everything - luckily silent for the rest of the time.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>MustardseedAmsterdam
<Content>privacy The Grand Central is a DESIGN Hotel, that means that the design is important and not if the room is practical.Result.1. Almost black corridors, you had the feeling that it was night even if outside the sun was shining, very weard. 2 The bathroom was seperated from the room by a glass door, that means that when you were sitting on the toilet you were seen (with all the details) in the room. No privacy though. Be very careful when you plan a visit to this hotel with somebody you don't know well for example a collaegue.The level of the hotel is OK, good breakfast, good location, good service.JaapHolland  
<Date>Mar 12, 2008
<Rating>4	3	2	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>Northwesteng
<Content>Grand Gentral. Great location but noisey Grand Central Hotel is in a great location for many attractions of Barcelona.However the traffic noise from the main road it is on is very, very noisey. It has 4 lines of traffic and noise can be heard from about 6am right the way through until 1am. Take ear plugs of you want a good nights sleep.The breakfast is very good and served mid week until 10.30am.The rooms are nice but nothing extra special concidering this is a 4 star hotel.  
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>3	2	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>SurreyScarlett
<Content>WE LOVED THE GRAND CENTRAL HOTEL We found this hotel stylish, chic and trendy and loved the cool brown and cream colour scheme and Japanese style decor. However if you like bright lights, pictures on the walls and patterned curtains this hotel is not for you! The lobby is furnished with low black leather sofas and tables with burning candles and is very welcoming and calming. We were in one of the smaller bedrooms which was decorated in the same style with cream and brown walls, wooden floors and Japanese style furnishings. The twin beds were very comfortable, but annoyingly, for some reason my husband's bed kept sliding away from the wall when he was trying to read in bed. I didn't have this problem, maybe because I am lighter. The other two slight irritations were that the reading lights needed adjusting as the spot lights focused in the wrong direction and the door to the bathroom, as has been mentioned in a couple of other reviews was almost transparant, which looked very smart and in keeping with the decor, but is not very practical - luckily, we were not too bothered as we have been married for nearly 40 years! We only had a stool in our room, but that was fine as we were usually so exhausted from our sight seeing, that we were quite happy to lie on the beds and watch TV. In our case the breakfast was included and we found it excellent, apart from the sausages and bacon not being quite hot enough. There was a very good choice of cold meats, cheeses, rolls and pastries, fruit and fruit juices, even champagne!The hotel is very central and about a 10 minute walk to the Ramblers, but we preferred the local area where there are some lovely shops and tapas bars. The best tapas bars are to be found at the end of the road next to the metro - turn left out of the hotel and then, I think it was the 3rd road on the left. Our favourite tapas bar was called Taller de Tapas. Don't take an expensive taxi from the airport, as there are regular buses right outside which will take you within a 10 minute walk of the hotel.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>llamafarm
<Content>Not really convinced of any claims towards luxury.... We stayed at this hotel recently and found it rather odd. For a start, everything is extemely dark and I competely agree with some other reviewers that this can get to you after a while. Above the beds are two spotlights which shine directly into your eyes...there was only one bathrobe in our room, rather than two, and only one chair, despite the fact that it was a twin-bedded room. It was comfortable - sort of - but certainly nothing special and I'm not at all sure whether the word 'luxury' should apply. It was all very functional and basic, we found. The reception looks nice but, again, it's all a bit too dark! You begin to feel as though you're making your way through mole-like tunnels - when you get out of the lifts, it's all dark grey and black....the lighting is turned down so low that it really does give a subterranean feel. The black out blinds are good and really work, but it was SO dark in our room that we had to leave the blinds up a little so we could see something, otherwise it was completely black! The breakfast is a total rip off at around 拢17.50 each - don't bother. You can walk two minutes and find Starbucks which whilst not wondrous, is at least cheap and you can have the same pastries as in the hotel. The scrambled eggs, tomatoes, mushrooms etc were stone cold and there was nothing remotely special about the breakfast to justify that kind of cost. Ridiculous. We definitely won't be back, though the location is good - in the old Gothic quarter - we'll look for something else next time.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>michelle1986
<Content>Loved It!       Room with a view  
<Date>Dec 16, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>TravelAgent23
<Content>Fantastic hotel!!!!! As a travel agent myself when booking this hotel, I did so much research, into all the hotels in Barcelona in the end I was getting on everyone's nerves!! But in my opinion I feel this is the best hotel in Barcelona, not only for price and cleanliness but as the name suggests it was very central, and could walk everywhere from my hotel and only once did we use the metro, and that was to visit camp Neu. I found the system very easy to use, as I don't speak Spanish, but once you have used one metro service in one country they are very much the same.Upon arrival at our hotel, which was about 10:30 am, the hotel let us keep our luggage at the hotel until our room was ready, when we were upgraded to a superior room! not sure if was because I was a travel agent (it helps) or because the receptionist was so lovely. Fantastic rooms, great shower and the most comfortable beds I have ever slept in. The cleanliness of hotel is great, and the breakfast was the best, lots of choice of breads, jams and cheese etc, but a hot selection of bacon sausages and eggs etc, and a wide choice of fresh fruit.I had such a great time at this hotel that I'm going back in April but for 3 nights as there is so much to do I couldn't fit it in, I have even booked a few of my clients after recommending it.Overall a great hotel in a great location, and a honest review from someone who knows what they are talking about!!  
<Date>Dec 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JMcB2
<Content>Great location and room. I booked this hotel using airmiles so was a little apprehensive on what we would find.On arrival, we were upgraded to a larger room to accommodate a travel cot more easily. The room was very clean with modern decor. Added bonuses were the external black out blinds on the windows and the free mini bar (non-alcoholic). The staff were very helpful in providing a travel cot, high chair, etc. for our baby. The location of the hotel was very convenient - close to the original cathedral in the Gothic Quarter. Breakfast was excellent, with plenty of choice.Two minor issues: the hotel is on a main road. We were on the 7th floor but there was still some noise from ambulances, etc. The air conditioning in the room was ineffective so our room was very warm.Otherwise, a great stay in a fantastic city.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Gems-Dad
<Content>Style over Substance Boutique hotel that has gone for style over substance. Dark Gray and Silver everywhere isn't necessarily my taste, but it's really not helpful when you come out of the rooms and there are no directional signs. The room was freezing, and no amount of changing the aircon temperature could encourage warmth. Finally the bathroom waste from floors above came down a non-soundproofed pipe in the corner of my room.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>pwalton72
<Content>Love Grand Hotel Central This is a great hotel. I went to Barca with my friend for a weekend. We were unsure where to stay as there are so many choices with different location. I just picked this. The location is fantastic. Walk out of the hotel and go straight forward you get to La Rambas within 5-10mins walk. Turn left and then bear left, you get to bars and cafes which are more local i.e. away from the English / cheap tourists. Good food and good spanish company. Turn left and continue to walk you are in the marina area (5-10 walk).Hotel itself is of good standard. Very relaxing place to be and the roof terrace is just fantastic. Would be a great place to hold a small gathering for a party or something. The rooms are very modern and clean, again to a very good standard.I would highly recommend this hotel on basis of location and standard of hotel. The only down side I could find was that the rooms never had an iron or ironing board. You had to pay 7euros per shirt which is a complete rip off.If you are going to Barca and you are looking for a hotel and just not sure - book this one. I booked with BA.com and overall not bad price I think.cheersPaul  
<Date>Nov 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>piwismum
<Content>Sorry, but I hated it! While location for the Grand Hotel Central is excellent, I absolutely hated the hotel. In an effort to be 'uber cool' the decorators have ignored all sense of comfort. I thought the furnishings e.t.c. were very 'industrial' - no armchairs in the rooms, in fact nothing at all extra in the room to make your stay just that little bit more comfortable - just bed and built in desk unit . Don't forget to take a torch - the corridors are painted black / grey with very subdued lighting. The bathroom doors are glass - if you're travelling with husband / wife a lack of privacy in the bathroom I suppose is not so essentaial but I went with my daughter and bathroom doors that are see -through and because made of glass do not shut flushly, leave nothing to the imagination. Staff were helpful and internet access good but if like me, you like a little comfort and welcome in your hotel bedroom and don't mind paying for it - stay well away. Try the Barcelona Center instead.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2007
<Rating>1	2	1	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>Nieff
<Content>Great Hotel in the heart of Barcelona The Grand Hotel Central in Barcelona is a great hotel in the heart of Barcelona. We came to Barcelona for a 3 day stay to go shopping  sightseeing. Being at the heart of the city this is just perfect to stay. The rooms are stylish  clean, the staff members were all very friendly and helpful when needed. The breakfast however was awfull -- perhaps they just had a bad day. But overall really a hotel to recommend.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>emilysj
<Content>Grand Central Hotel Barcelona Me and my partner stayed at Grand Central Hotel Barcelona November 13-16th 2007. The hotel is easy to find, simply hop on the aerobus just outside the airport for 3 euro's 50, which drops you off at Placa De Catalunya, the hotel is about a 10-15 minute walk from here. Print out the location map with street names from the hotels official website, this will come in handy when finding the hotel. There is a flag outside the outside running vertically down it with the hotel name on so you cant miss it. Upon entry to the hotel we were given our room key and you do need to supply a credit card for any damages etc that may occur during your stay, (this is common practise with most european hotels). We stayed in a city suite room which on the hotels website says has city views, but we stayed in room 423, this does not have city views, we had a view of a very narrow street, looking into the windows of the flats opposite which are very close to the rear of the hotel. There was some building work going on outside to the rear of the hotel on the road, but with the window shut this didnt cause a problem and the noise was minimal. The room was nice with a free minibar which consists of two bottles of coke, two bottles of hotel water, as well as two bottles of sparkling water, a non alcoholic beer, and a dark chocolate bar. This was replenished daily. The bed was two singles pushed together which I expected as this is the same with most european hotels, however due the laminate flooring in the room, and the fact that the beds are wheeled, the beds parted constantly. The bathroom is nice, with free shampoo, shower gel, and body milk, a free hotel bag, as well as free hotel flip flops, handy for by the pool. The bathroom door however is 'frosted glass' but you can see through it which doesnt help as the toilet is directly in front of the door, so you can see when your partner is on the toilet!! Ok if you traveling with someone you are..intimate with!! We did ask reception if we could open the window as it was locked and fresh air is nicer than air con, but we were advised that it is european law to have the windows locked as people jump from them alot!! After promising the receptionist we wouldnt jump they opened the window for us!! We didnt pay for breakfast to be included in our stay but you can pay when you are there, its 14 euros p/p per day, which is alot as the breakfast isnt up to much, some bacon which is very fatty and not very cooked, some eggs, and sweet pastries. I'd recomend buying crossaints from a patiserie or the shopping centre just up the road from the hotel 4 euros for 4 crossaints. Didnt use the pool as it is quite cold this time of year in Barcelona, but it does have fantastic views of the city. Opposite the hotel is the cathedral. I'd recommend a vist to the Camp Nou football stadium and get the 16 euro tour which is worth the money. Barcelona as a city though i believe is very much hyped up, as i was expecting to be more full of tourist attractions, but not so and there are great distances between sites, so alot of walking, the metro is cheap and worth using. The hotel will provide you with a map but you do have to ask for one as they dont seem to be giving them out upon arrival.The hotel overall is clean and in a very central location, overall just ok  
<Date>Nov 18, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	5	4	-1	-1	

<Author>countingsmiles
<Content>Great Hotel in City Centre       Barcelona  
<Date>Nov 13, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	4	5	3	

<Author>MsRobynG
<Content>Pretty Nice, but not perfect This hotel is in an excellent location to see the sites of Barcelona. The hotel interior is stylish and very clean. The only downsides is that as part of the stylish interior, the hotel and the bedrooms are very dark!! I could hardly generate enough light in the room after turning on all of the lamps, etc. to read a book at night. If the hotel would just sort out this problem and add some more lamps, it would receive a higher rating. This hotel is modern, clean, and sylish for travellers, but probably not what I would call romantic, if that is what you are looking for..  
<Date>Nov 12, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>timffm
<Content>Excellent choice for central Barcelona We stayed at the Grand Central, with an all adult family group and found it idealThe hotel is very central, straddling the Barri Gotic and Born and in a very imposing building. The rooms are very stylish, no flowery patterns and old towels here.The only slight downside were the public areas. It would have been nice to have somewhere to meet up before we went out. There is a small bar but it is tucked away and not very welcomingThe staff were great and in nicer weather I would have spent lots of time up in the pool, where the views are stunning  
<Date>Nov 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>SuperSig
<Content>Weekend at the Grand Hotel Central My husband and I spent a weekend in Barcelona, and decided on The Grand Hotel Central after a thorough research in this website, reading a vast amount of reviews on the many hotels in Barcelona.Every compliment is deserved by this amazing hotel. The decor is breathtaking, the huge shower is AMAZING (I hope that Barcelona does not have a water shortage after our stay), the beds extremely comfortable and the breakfast was excellent.One word of advice to fellow travelers: If you have only a few days to spend in this beautiful city - try not to spend them during a weekend. The city was quite full of people, and there were queues for just about everything. Also - many restaurants and ALL the shops are closed on Sunday.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>AG&MG
<Content>Loved everything about the Grand Hotel Central Stayed with my husband and two grown up sons for 2 nights at the Grand Hotel Central. We had a wonderful time. The hotel staff were helpful and friendly and went out of their way with any requests. The hotel was modern, clean and well designed. It was peaceful and calm with aromatic candles to welcome you after a busy day sightseeing. The blackout blinds were great for a good nights rest and the beds were very very comfortable. Although they were busy at breakfast the quality was good and plenty of it and the waitresses were very efficient. I would highly recommend this hotel and its location which is convenient to many of Barcelona's sights.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>sugaraki
<Content>Location, style I stayed at this hotel during the last week of August. It was a leisure trip, intended for sightseeing, shopping and relaxation. THe hotel is ideally located in the gothic area, walking distance from many sights. The blue tourist bus has a stop 2 minutes away and there is a metro stop on the opposite side of the road. What I also liked was the room decoration (a bit small though). The pool has a great scene, really unique. I just hope it wasn't so cold that week so I could have enjoyed it more. I didn't try the breakfast (our room rate didn't include it). I hope you enjoy Barcelona, it's a very vivid city, full of young people, restaurants and bars.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>nancylarry
<Content>Hip factor high - needs to work on practical amenities My husband and I stayed for 5 nights in mid sept. Hotel is located in a fabulous pneighborhood with easy walking to the best areas in the city. However, it is on a busy street and between the noise from the street and the construction nearby, we had a problem with our room and had to move.Yes the hotel lobby and halls are very dark but that did not bother us - it was the lighting in the rooms. All the lights are down lights - including the bathroom and so was horrible for putting on makeup and seeing what was in your luggage! We had an executive room #223, and it was tight for two people to move around the room at the same time. The only place to put luggage was on the desk - no luggage rack was provided. The bathroom had a shower/tub combo and only a artial glass partition so water got all over the floor and they provide a teeny 1x3 rug to compensate. Despite the above, the rooms were very clean and the quality of the furniture, linens, window treatments, etc were high. The rooftop pool is outreageous - we used it a few times during our stay - definately check out the nighttime view. The dissappointment there was noone to serve drinks or hand out towels, etc. we had to search around and eventually found them in the fitness room.OVerall, this hotel is in a great neighborhood, but I can't say that I recommend it highly for the price. I would much rather have beenon a quieter street with a larger room and less hipness.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	5	5	3	3	4	

<Author>UkSkipper
<Content>friendly efficient service in Hotel Central We have juust returned form a 4 night stay at the Hotel Central. As the name suggests the hotel occupies a central position in Barcelona. It is close to all the most popular tourist attractions. The Ramblas is an easy walk, as are the very good tapas bars and cafes etc close to the hotel. The metro is also close by and it is easy ot travel to some attractions which are more than a walk away, for example Parc Guell or the church of Sagrada Famille.The Hotel Central is excellent. The decor is dark and I must admit I was unsure about its cave like atmosphere, but many people found it restful, the lobby is partially lit by candles and there is sometimes a faint smell of incense which for us increased the sense of peace and cool tranquillity.The staff are wonderfully friendly, helpful and efficient. Our room whilst quite small was perfectly adequate. It was quiet and beautifully clean. The beds were comfortable. Breakfast was very good. Plenty of very fresh food, fruit, bread, meats, cheese etc We would not hesitate to stay at this hotel again. UK Skipper  
<Date>Sep 22, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>nickpotter1979
<Content>Great Hotel, Great Pool and with a central location We stayed in this hotel for 5 nights in mid September and had a fantastic experience. We booked it through expedia and got 1 night free as part of one of their offers. The roof top pool is great, it's a fantastic place to relax after a long days site seeing (although they could do with keeping the pool bar attended over the weekend). We booked an executive room on the 6th floor which we found more than adequate, we had great views from our window over looking the Gothic Cathedral opposite. You also get access to a free mini-bar in you room which is good, although don't expect a jam-packed fridge, it contains 2 bottles of coke, 2 bottles of sparkling mineral water, 2 bottles of still mineral water, 1 bottle of alcholol free beer and a small bar of chocolate.The staff at the hotel are friendly and pleased to help in any way they can. The location is good with most tourist sites well within walking distance and for those sites that aren't there is the Jaume metro station 2 minutes walk away. The only downside to this hotel is that the road on which it is situated Via Laietana is particular busy during the day monday to friday, although it did get quieter at the weekend.Next time we visit Barcelona we will be sure to stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>jskLiverpool
<Content>Not Really 4 Star This was my 4th visit to Barcelona and we chose this hotel because of its location and the pool, because there was a teenager in our group.The location is great as were all the staff we spoke to, but the hotel is average. We had an executive room which was the room offered to us as suitable for three beds. When we opened the door you virtually tripped over one of the beds. As we were staying for 4 nights, we explained our disappointment at the suitability of the room but were told that unfortunately there was nothing that could be done unless we paid a minimum additional cost of 300 euros I'm not clear if that was per night or for the entire stay. In the end we decided to rearrange the furniture ourselves to make better use of the space. Our room was immaculate and looked over the main road so as you'd expect there was a fair bit of noise from traffic. The noise was greatly reduced if the windows were closed we thought our window was broken as there was no handle or lock, when we reported this to reception after a restless night we were informed that the window was fine but a member of staff had to lock or unlock the window with a key. I do think this should have been explained in the information sheet in the room, also it meant because we didn't like to ask a member of staff to repeatedly lock and unlock the window that it remained locked for the rest of our stay.The pool is tiny and appears to be full throughout the entire day, to be fair 4 people would make the pool appear crowded. I think people must arrive at 7 when it opens and stay all day which is bizarre in a city hotel, but we were unable to use the pool once because it was always full.My final moan relates to the complete absence of any facilities to freshen up between checkout and our late night flight. Which I think a 4 star hotel should provide.In conclusion I think you can much more for your money in Barcelona which is a great city  
<Date>Sep 16, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Jimmie_Waldron
<Content>Lovely Hotel I stayed at this hotel for 8 nights in August and I was very impressed with it. The hotel itself is situated in a very good location. The district has some cool streets and some nice little bars and restaurants nearby and is quiet at night, owing to the fact that its 10 minutes walk away from La Rambla and Placa De Catalunya which also makes those places easily accessable.The room we were staying in (617) was an executive suite and was very nice and of moderate size (not a fantastic view due to roadworks being done in main yard on 1 side-which got noisy some mornings around 8), The free minibar is cool (a real beer rather than that nonsense 0% stuff would be much better though). The room has brilliant air conditioning and the bathroom was great. The only downside to the room was not even the fact that it's 2 singles rather than a double but the fact that the beds roll about much too easily, could benefit from roller stoppers.The staff couldn't have been nicer and were very helpful with anything we needed to know and they all had very good English.There are 2 PCs with free internet access in the lounge area too.My girlfriend didn't like the grey hall walls but I didn't care, I thought it suited, one thing I will agree on was that after coming from the pool on a bright day without wearing sunglasses it's very hard to see in the halls because they're quite dark.The rooftop was excellent and the pool was really cool for dipping in while looking out over the Barcelona rooftops.There is a Tourist bus stop just outside which is very handy for seeing the sights and it's right opposite La cathedral which is a pretty cool building.The hotel restaurant I thought was cool. Very chic setting with lounge music (Theivery Corporation style) and is a nice place to go for a relaxed drink with your other half. Service there is excellent and the food is original and inventive (definitely worth checking out but get full 3 courses as the portions won't fill you).I noticed there are a few complaints about room lighting, the lights are on dimmers which if set too full are more than bright enough. For ours to work you had to turn the switch to whatever level you wanted BEFORE you turned the light on for it to work at that level (i.e. dimmer didn't work while the light was turned on - strange).I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>SSLCC
<Content>Fantastic city centre hotel Such a relief to find a hotel booked online that exceeded expectations. Really cool styling decor. Liked the thoughtful touches such as free minibar and library for guest use. Extremely helpful staff who did their best to help. Excellent breakfast buffet with cooked to order hot options. Location opposite the cathedral very convenient for sightseeing. Our 3 children were given an upgrade to a loft suite so that there was more space for a third bed (upon request on arrival so don't be shy to ask). Only drawbacks were the somewhat small rooftop pool - but a pool in the city centre is a plus anyway - and the traffic noise - not entirely dealt with by the double-glazing. Would highly recommend and would definitely return.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Clare2007
<Content>Recommended We stayed here for 7 nights in July and overall found the hotel to be very good. Really nice room and the blackout blinds and free mini-bar are a nice touch. It no longer does the free Molton Brown toiletries by the way but that wasn't a problem for us. The pool is great but does get busy. The breakfasts were excellent, some of the best we've ever had.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Papamoomin
<Content>Fantastic location, nice rooms The Grand Hotel Central is in a fantastic location away from the tourist trap of the Ramblas but just a 10 minute walk too its 'delights'. It has a lovely rooftop pool with fantastic views.The rooms are of a nice size - we were upgraded upon checkin - with plenty of amenities including a free minibar which is a nice touch. Breakfast is pleasant but there are too many staff milling around trying to make themselves look busy and the genuine service provided by the hotel is let down a little here. I would definitely stay here again and if you like a little luxury in an amazing location, I would recommend you give it a try.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>johnp43
<Content>Hard to beat 1st class hotel in all respects due to attentive staff and high standards of service.Of course there are minor nags (warm coffee instead of hot, view from room and from the pool area and building works in the street)but where can you stay without something that isn't as you really want it but overall a supurb place to stay. The minor nags just lose it one star for me.Ideal location for walking and exploring and ten minutes walk from the famous 4 gats restaurant.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CSN
<Content>Trendy small rooms Dad took the family to barcelona to celebrate his retirement. His contact in Barcelona booked the hotel but Dad got the name wrong. So when we arrvied late he took to this hotel only to find they didn't have a booking for us but had two rooms. The reception staff were really good about all of this.We stayed here for the first night which was great, unfortunately though we didn't get to try out the roof top pool but did have breakfast which was great - champagne, strawberries etc. Molton Brown in the petite bathroom.We called the contact the next who took us to the hotel he had booked which was the other side of town and nearly as nice.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>walker50lion
<Content>loved the grand hotel central Stayed here for 3 nights. Excellent location central but not too noisy. rooms, staff and food all excellent. The roof top pool is great for a quiick dip but a little too crowded for longer use.the free mini bar was appreciated as was free iced water at the pool  
<Date>Aug 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Zella
<Content>Perfect Position Great hotel in a perfect location. We stayed for four nights and were very impressed. Got a great deal through lastminute.com, so were given a room overlooking the central courtyard( which they dont tell you is going through major roadworks!...which look like will be going on for a long time)) we complained and got a much better room on the 7th floor overlooking the city( worth paying extra for). Room spacious, clean and modern..wonderful views! The hotel breakfast is fab, full buffet with champagne and hot food cooked to order.. Rooftop pool..SUPERB but you must get there early if you plan on sunbathing. We got up and sunbathed from 8 and all the beds( only 16 of them!!) were gone by half 8!! People were coming up all day to try and get one FORGET IT!!!! Hotel is centrally placed for everything...all 10 mins walk..perfect. It was our first time in Barcelona and we loved it. Restaurants get totally booked up so you should always make reservations if you like the look of somewhere. All in all a great experience..reccommed highly!!  
<Date>Aug 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>MillieStar
<Content>An Absolutely Fantastic Hotel We stayed there for 4 nights, one night in the central room and 3 nights in the city suites. Highly recomend pay a bit more for the latter! The hotel and rooms are very tastefully designed, staff are sooooooooo nice and helpful. The mini bar in the rooms are free!!! In the city suites, they offer you champagne every day! The location was perfect, situated right in the city centre, 5-10 mins walk to La Ramblas, Bottic center, beach, shops, and the taxi fare is soooooooo cheap, only 鈧?0 to airport, but make sure you agree a price with the taxi driver if you are going to the airport. The highlight of the stay must be the beautiful roof pool! We used it every day, morning is the best time to go, I mean, really around 10am. There is no downside whatsoever for this hotel!!! Will definitely return to it and have recomend it to all the friends and relatives!!!  
<Date>Jul 26, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>emppu
<Content>Helsinki,Finland Just came from a short holiday in Barcelona, Grand Hotel Central.I truely recommend the hotel. It has a great location, modern design and good breakfast. The rooftop was fabulous, but if you want a sunbed -go there early...It was everyday crowded when I went there at 2-4 p.m. There where these lovely travellers that booked the sunbeds for all day ( even they use the beds like 2 hours...) This was the only thing I found annouy铆ng. And that wasnt the hotels fault - more the people who did not realise we are not in package-holiday in Mallorca etc...:) We booked the LOFT-room, that was very nice and spacious indeed. Cant wait to go back !  
<Date>Jul 23, 2007
<Rating>4	2	5	5	5	3	4	5	

<Author>tuffjam
<Content>Uber Cool....highly recommended I stayed at The Grand Hotel Central last weekend with my girlfriend to celebrate my birthday and booked it based on the excellent reviews here. I wanted somewhere fairly classy and central and this hotel definitely delivered on those counts.I can see what people mean about it being a little dark inside but it's not so bad that you can't see, just very low level lighting. It's done well and overall the designer nailed the 'cool' factor throughout. Walking into reception it just oozes class with a lovely lobby. The staff look smart without appearing aloof and all we encountered were very friendly and spoke excellent English (shame on us for not learning more Catalan....).We stayed in a 'Central' Room which wasn't the biggest but perfect for us. It was nicely laid out with wooden floors and plenty of cupboard space. The in-room safe was very welcome too, especially after hearing the horror stories about pickpockets. The bathroom was a decent size and spotlessly clean. Again, the mirrors and mood lighting are very contemporary and cool.The electric black out blinds were not only a great toy but also very effective. Although we weren't in direct sunlight they managed to completely black out the room when we wanted an afternoon nap. So well that we only woke up at 9pm.The only downside was the bed. On booking the hotel it seemed impossible to get a double bed unless I splashed out on a suite at double the price. Instead it was two beds pushed together. Usually I don't mind that and can get over it but since the beds aren't connected in anyway (zip down the middle for example) and they're on wooden floors, they slide apart at the slightest touch! Any bedroom 'activity' (catch my drift?) resulted in the bed sliding across the floor and we weren't exactly going crazy! Effectively, if I wanted to cuddle up with my girlfriend we had to sleep in a single bed. Not good.Another minor quibble is the room lighting is so low that if you do want a bit extra and you're in bed, the only way is to put the spotlights on, shining right in your face.The pool on the roof is stunning. It's a shame I didn't get to use it but the views are incredible. There weren't too many loungers up there so if you're planning on using it I'd get there early and lay your towel down, German style.The location on Via Laitana is PERFECT. No doubt about it, we couldn't have been in a better place. It was just a 5 minute stroll to the Ramblas and Placa Catalunya. The Born area, Bari Gotic and Olympic port areas were all maybe 10 or 15 minutes walk. There's a Bus Turistic stop 5 minutes left or right out of the hotel.Overall, even despite the slidy beds I'd have no hesitation in staying here again. Highly recommended.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lordandlady
<Content>Classy and friendly right in the heart of Barcelona Stayed at the Grand Central Hotel for 3 nights in July. The rooms were stylish and contemporary. All the staff were friendly and spoke excellent English. The concierges were very helpful and informative about the city. Service at breakfast was sketchy and hot food was not terribly hot! The help yourself buffet element was extensive and of good quality. We would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>alesato
<Content>All good aside from service, which was lacking The hotel was fine, the rooms nice and the location great. However, the service provided was lacking. I'm pretty sure the reason was the need for more staff.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2007
<Rating>3	3	5	5	5	3	2	3	

<Author>Morilla
<Content>Great Location Upon arrival at the Hotel we were greeted by friendly staff and were able to check in very quickly, although the hotel is very dark it's music and lighting gave it a relaxing atmosphere. Our room was spacious and on the fourth floor of the hotel, the beds were comfortable and the bathroom was large. Overall the hotel was very clean. The breakfast's were extensive - fresh fruits, cereals, cold cheeses and meats, assorted breads and cake etc along with the cooked breakfast., lovely fresh fruit juices. The staff were very helpful when my credit card was stolen and friendly throughout our stay. The pool area was a real plus - early morning or early afternoon visits are the best times, there was iced water with lemon available and a small selection of soft drinks which could be purchased. Towels were also available at the pool area. The hotel is in a great location - very central. Expect to pay between 25-30 Euros for a cab from and to the airport each way (traffic being the delaying factor). Would definately re-visit (we visited mid week and the Hotel didn't appear to be too full).  
<Date>Jul 6, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>josefa68
<Content>Great location, no atmosphere We stayed for one night recently in a City Room. Room was a decent size on a corner with a good view of the cathedral and main street outside. Very efficient electric shades, decent toiletries, bed was large and comfortable. The views from the very small roof terrace are as to be expected, and hotel is in a great location for all the shops, bars and tapas places and walking distance to the Barcelonetta, port etc. HOWEVER - the lifts weren't working, the extremely tiny bar was empty, the restaurant had 2 people in it and was closing at 11pm and there was absolutely no atmosphere whatsoever. In trying too hard to be cool and trendy, it seemed to have a buzz bypass. For the money, 285 Euros plus tax, I think it was a rip off - even at steep city prices.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>luggagefreeLeicester
<Content>Had a great time until hotel lost our luggage Myself and my partner visited Barcelona on 5th June for a 3 night break, it was also to celebrate my partners birthday which was the day of our 'supposed' departure, Friday 8th June 2007. The hotel location was great, the hotel room was great, totally agree with a majority of the other reviews about the beds beind really comfortable. We were having a fantastic time and on the eve of our last day (Thursday 7th June) we enquiried as to whether there was a safe locked room which our luggage could go until we returned from sightseeing, as our flight was a late evening flight and we had to vacate our room at the hotel by 12 noon. We were advised that the hotel had a concierge room which was locked at all times and only staff had access to this. We felt comfortable with this as with the hotel being a 4 star, lovely hotel we didnt feel we had anything to worry about. Low and behold, when we returned to the hotel early evening to collect our luggage before going to the airport we were advised that unfortunately it looked like the hotel had 'mistakenly' given it to someone else!!!! We had everything in our suitcase, passports, car keys, house keys, as people who have visited Barcelona in the past, and all the tour books advise not to carry personal belongings when sight seeing/visiting the beach as there are pickpockets/handbag snatchers. We finally got back to the UK on the Saturday, after a visit to the police station to report the 'lost' luggage, and the hotel manageress booked us flights and contacted the British Consulate to enable we were allowed to get back home without passports etc. After nearly 3 weeks of returning home, we are still trying to sort out the paperwork/keys etc which was in the suitcase, and havent unfortunately had any positive news from the hotel about the luggage. For all the years that myself and my partner have travelled, we have never heard of a 'good' hotel to loose your luggage while it's in their conceirge room - can understand the luggage being lost at an airport but not at a hotel. Has this happened at this hotel before - as I have asked the hotel and they dont seem keen on given me an answer strangely enough. I plan to take this further as I believe it may have been a member of staff, as when I've asked them to check their cctv footage they say that they cannot see the luggage being removed - very bizarre.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DebbeChristy
<Content>Great Location       Rooftop pool  
<Date>Jun 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>vikian21
<Content>wonderful hotel, superb location we booked this hotel through airmiles.... i was talked into parting with all my airmiles and a wadge of cash... however... i am glad i did!!!! A lovely modern hotel, rooms are lovely, toiletries are a nice touch, bathroom fab. free minibar greatly appreciated.. but don't expect to get drunk on it! Then again it's free so who's complaining! minibar contained water (needed on a hot day in barcelona). coke, alcohol free beer (!) and a couple of mini bottles of cava... nice touch. The swimming pool was delightful, but even on a very hot day it was a bit cold for me! The breakfast is great, everything you could want (even cava). The location of the hotel is great. I would suggest you ask for a high floor, it can be a bit noisy outside. We started every evening in the hotel bar for a swift one, a nice bar with reasonable prices, and the location of the hotel meant bars and restaurants were all around. As already suggested, don't eat on las ramblas, it's really expensive, there's some really tidy places in the bourn district, really nice bars and restaurants and all very reasonably priced. We loved it and would have no reservation in coming here to this hotel again. barcelona is a great place (make sure you visit casa batillo, sagrada familia - amazing and the arc de triomphe area behind the hotel). it's also worth going to the top of the mountain for the amazing view of the city whilst drinking an ice cold beer. superb!  
<Date>Jun 15, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Owenowen
<Content>You won't beat the bed... or location I stayed just the one night in this ultra-chic, centrally located city hotel.Of course, all people are different and expectations in hotels vary widely. But, for me, when it comes to hotels in big cities there are very few aspects which I demand to be spot-on and nothing less.First up, location. Few people spend their annual fortnight's hols insomewhere like Barcelona, Amsterdam, Munich or similar, so time is often tight. Grand Central is slap-bang in the middle of town, on a busy but stately road close to the cathedral. The old town with its alleyways, tapas bars, shops and sights are within very easy reach on foot. Weekend trips traipsing around from sight to sight can be tiring, so the next thing you want is a good bed. At this hotel I can honestly say as soon as my head hit the pillow I was off. I didn't wake up again until gone 9am - a sleep from heaven. Well filled but soft pillows, crisp sheets and a mattress with true firmness without being hard. Another bonus, the electronically-controlled blackout blinds keep out the sun should you want to turn in early-ish or have a lie-in. Oh, and the room, corridors, lifts etc were spotlessly clean. One of the cleaning ladies also gave me a very friendly smile and a hello - how often does that happen? Nice.I didn't have the breakfast (I had just a coffee, not really being a breakfast person) but looking around I didn't see any disgruntled people. Another real bonus is the rooftop swimming pool. The view of Barcelona is simply stunning, and if sunbathing is your thing you'll be delighted. My only criticisms: the rooms could do with better lighting; and the minibar, included in the price, contains only water, cola and a drab alcohol-free beer. A bottle or two of the excellent local Estrella Damm lager would have been a nice touch. Come 1am I really didn't have the energy to phone down for some for a nightcap.Would I stay here again? Definitely. I won't be wasting valuable weekend break time getting to and from the sights and I'll get a fabulous sleep in cool, air-conditioned surroundings.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kpietri
<Content>Loved it! We really enjoyed our stay here! Great hotel! Our room was very comfortable (maybe a bit small but it wasn't a bother) comfy bed and spacious bathroom. The terrace and pool looked amazing (we didn't have time to try it out but it was packed with people) the best part of this hotel though is its location. walking distance to everything you want to see!! The staff was super nice and very helpful in recomending restaurants around the area, getting us taxis, whatever we needed, etc... We would definetely come back!  
<Date>Jun 11, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Parisianlady
<Content>A perfect stay My husband and I travel a lot to excellent hotels and we had been recommended this place by friends. The reception staff was warm, friendly and professionnal, speaking all the languages needed.. The style, design and architecture is hip and trendy. In a way that it provides a true escape which most formal urban big hotels don't. Can't stand design over the top not connecting with simple well being and lifestyle. There I very much liked the simple elegance of the design. The location is perfect, we could walk to all historical and shopping spots,and also to great restaurants. The Cuina Santa Caterina, around the corner, offers in a trendy market atmosphere the best food and wines. Don't miss it. Manage also to go to Actual the hotel restaurant. It is delicious and their breakfast is spot on. I can't wait to go back and we are planning our return with our teen ager children. Staff, location, food, design, and service all was perfect. From a new fan of Barcelona..!  
<Date>May 22, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Nibbles
<Content>Stylish hotel in great location       Rooftop pool  
<Date>May 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>JulianandGillian
<Content>Laid back sophistication Great hotel for a break in Barcelona. Modern rooms, comfy beds, fantastic breakfasts. Well equipped with Moltlon Brown and the free water in the minibar was much apprecitated.Rooftop pool with a view to die for. Staff couldn't have been more helpful. Avoid eating on The Ramblas, there are much better restaurants in the Gothic Quarter. See out a cava bar to start your evening with a swing  
<Date>May 14, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>SJ123
<Content>Great Hotel, Great Location I stayed in this hotel for 2 nights at the beginning of May 2007 with my husband. This is our 3rd visit to Barcelona and this hotel is the best we have stayed in in this beautiful city.The rooms are fantastically decorated with really comfortable beds. The bathrooms are well equipped with a shower over the bath. The minibar is filled with soft drinks and water and is on the house, which is a nice touch. The only negative about the room is that I would have liked there to be more light, the rooms and bathrooms were very dark, and the lights were not sufficient.The hotel is in the best location, right in the old town opposite the cathedral, and there are 100's of restaurants and bars surrounding the hotel. Please be aware that pickpockets are rife in Barcelona so be very careful of your bags, and leave as much as possible in the hotel safe.Finally the pool is amazing, it is on the roof of the building and overlooks the whole city. I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>May 9, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>missdisco
<Content>Out of this world What a fantastic hotel! Went to Barcelona for a city break with the girls and had a fantastic time!! The hotel was fabulous with an incredible pool, perfect for some drinks in the sun, the rooms were very comfortable and the staff were more than helpful and friendly. Was really central and right beside a cool area called the Born which has some really cool bars! Defintely be back!  
<Date>May 7, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>DiscerningTravellor
<Content>A disappointing hotel I booked a 3-day stay at this hotel to celebrate my birthday, which was to take place during my stay. I booked with the hotel directly, by phone, and asked for a quiet no-smoking room. The hotel鈥檚 website state all bedrooms have soundproof bedroom windows but this is untrue. When I arrived the reception staff took ages to decide what room they were going to give me. I was shown to a bedroom with dark walls and spot lighting on the ceiling. As the room did not have much natural light, it needed the electric light on constantly. Even then the room was still dark. Although the room was on a high floor of the hotel you could hear constant traffic noise and additionally the intermittent sound and vibration of the metro. At night, it was necessary to use blackout curtains to prevent the lights from surrounding buildings and the cathedral shining into the room, which had the undesired feeling of sleeping in a boxNext day I asked to change room. I refused a room with direct views of neighbouring TV aerials and in close proximity to what I believe is a mobile phone mast. I also refused a room that smelt of smoke. I eventually accepted another room, similar in design to my existing room although much smaller, but it was quieter. It was a lower category room and was promised a refund. Yet when it was time to leave the reception staff did not want to give me this refund. After 30 minutes of discussion they reluctantly agreed to give me a very small reduction indeed. The reduction given does not reflect in any way the price difference between the categories of rooms when I look at the prices on the website. The reception refused to show me or print off the prices of the rooms or inform me how they came to this reduction figure.Additionally during my stay, I asked the reception staff for a nice restaurant nearby for dinner, about 10 minutes walk, which served local food. One person just said that there are many restaurants in Barcelona! Other reception staff told me of a restaurant that looked like a dingy workman鈥檚 caf茅 down a narrow alley that was serving pizza and pasta, another restaurant that was very expensive and empty and another that was 40 minutes walk away.In short, in my opinion, this is a pretentious and expensive hotel that suffers from both noise and light pollution. The reception staff seemed to take great delight in being unhelpful as possible at every opportunity.This whole experience was very disappointing.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	2	5	1	1	2	

<Author>pedro3gb
<Content>Great Hotel, Great Location but book direct Great hotel in a great location. My husband booked two rooms for myself and three friends to celebrate my birthday. On arrival were two small bottles of Cava in each room with a Happy Birthday message on one and Welcome to Barcelona on the others.Rooms were modern with the most comfortable beds ever (anybody know what make the beds are??). Molton Brown smellies and small boxes of chocolates, slippers (albeit one medium pair and one large - obviously for a couple), gowns and free soft drinks in the minibar. The downside in the room - glass doors to the bathroom!! and the decor could have been a bit lighter - the corridors were quite dark.Unfortunately I was robbed whilst I was there near the hotel. Four young men ripped my handbag from me taking all my money, cards and passport (yes I know I should have used the in room safe as my husband keeps pointing out). The first person I spoke to on reception was NOT helpful and refused to call the Police saying they would not come out. We had to go by taxi to the Police Station. On our return the second receptionist could not have been more helpful and friendly making us all a cup of tea, calming me down and passing the phone over when my husband rang from home. He even offered me replacement cash to be paid for by my husbands credit card if necessary. All in all its a recommended hotel but please be careful of bag snatchers in the Barri Gotic - there are lots of them and the police do not seem that interested. Final tip - book direct - its cheaper!!  
<Date>Mar 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>siagor81
<Content>Cool, sleek and funky! I first saw this hotel in a magazine on my way home in the train one wet day...i saw the fablous photo of the swimming pool and decided i wanted to try it for myself...I was not disappointed! I was lucky that the weather was sunny and hot and managed to sunbathe (not hot enough for a swim tho) on the terrace which is even better than the photo i saw. The hotel is very stylish with a relaxing atmosphere and the staff were helpful. More light in the bathroom and corridors would be useful i thought but the rooms were comfortable enought. I found some amazing shops and boutiques close to the hotel as well as some very funky bars at nightime. All is all a very relaxing stay.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>surfera
<Content>5 stars for location Having researched Barcelona quite thoroughly, I decided to book a 5 night stay at Grand Hotel Central. First and most importantly, the staff at this hotel are very friendly, attentive and eager to make your stay as enjoyable as possible. The rooms are all very nice, spacious and with very comfortable beds. Beautiful laminate floorings (was a little noisy with our neighbours heels!) and very cool fixtures, plus a DVD player and television (with DVDs that you can rent at the front desk). My room number 602.The breakfast was excellent, with everything you need to start the day well. I would have to say that the best thing about this hotel, aside from its exceptional staff, is the LOCATION. It is right in the heart of Barcelona, across the street from the Cathedral and the old quarter, with the Rambla just after. A clear 5 stars for location. It is for all of these reasons that I give this hotel 4 stars out of 5. Great staff, comfortable and stylish rooms and fantastic location  
<Date>Mar 16, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Philippe41
<Content>Super Swimming pool!! This hotel is a modern oasis right in the middle of the hustle and bustle of Barcelona. The hotel is situated slap bang in the centre, across from the Cathedral, right beside the Old Quarter鈥he perfect place to start exploring!The hotel has a modern feel with a super swimming pool on the roof. The pool however is the jewel in the crown, it has amazing views of Barcelona and the perfect haven to relax and read your book in the morning.Our room was modern and spacious and the breakfast buffet had a fantastic range of fresh fruit, yogurts, meats, cheeses and a selection of cooked items also. The staff at the hotel where friendly and helpful.Barcelona is a city you have to go back to and I will certainly be back and to stay at Grand Hotel Central!  
<Date>Mar 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Mcould
<Content>Highly recommended We stayed two nights at Grand Hotel Central on business in February. I was very impressed with the hotel. The location was fantastic, only 5/10 mins in taxi to the exhibition centre (and a peak times). Efficient staff on reception, clean rooms, relaxing breakfast.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Ladycake
<Content>Not as bad as they say! Just back from a long weekend in Barcelona and had a fabulous weekend!! Having read some of the reviews before we went i was a bit apprehensive about the hotel. However it wasnt as bad as many of the comments on here. The biggest positive was its fantstastic central location. The staff were also very helpful, always smiling. The hotel itself is well designed and maintained but the rooms were hot though...a little uncomfortable to be honest and it was a little noisy with the traffic from the street, so I recommend you ask for a high floor. Apart from that it was a good hotel with a great location, perfect for sightseeing and seeing the city!  
<Date>Feb 28, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>melvillinho
<Content>The best hotel we've visited in Europe (so far!) I surprised my girlfriend for her birthday and took her on a romantic weekend, 4 nights for a long weekend 鈥nd we loved it! Fabulous city and a fabulous hotel. We had a romantic dinner in the hotel restaurant and wine and candles in our room. Great location, everything on the doorstep!! The staff spoke fluent English and were very helpful suggesting some cool bars to go for some drinks. Definitely looking forward to going back!We've done quite a bit of travelling round Europe and I have to be honest: Barcelona wasn't my choice, it was my girlfriend's... And i've never been happier to be proven wrong!! The city is amazing, and thanks to the staff we managed to sample all of the great restaurants and bars most tourists know nothing about!! We're already planning our next visit...  
<Date>Feb 8, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>crazywolflady
<Content>Amazin time! My boyfriend suprised me with a romantic getaway to Barcelona, staying in this wonderful hotel as a January pick me up...and we had an truly amazin time. It was the first time i had been and really loved the city...there is so much to do and see...it was handy that the hotel was so central and with the help of the guys at reception we found some really cool bars for drinks and dancing. The hotel itself was very plush, we had a city room (you have to ask for 624) as part of our package with a fab king size bed and views of all the rooftoops...it was so lovely at nightime! We also had included dinner in the restaurant which would have been nicer if there had been more people (but it was a tues night), some wine and candles in out room! There was also cava in the mini bar...bonus! The pool looked lovely but unfortuately its not heated so didnt get to try it. The breakfast was really good, be sure to ask for the hot breakfast menu tho, we only found out about it cos i seen someone with bacon and eggs! I am very surprised about the comments made before as we had such a lovely time and couldnt fault the hotel at all, that is why i felt i had to write. Everyone is different i suppose but i would certainly recommend this hotel...especially for the pool in the summer!  
<Date>Feb 2, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>blue7
<Content>Stay AWAY Our 1st night at Barcelona was Christmas Eve, and on arrival at the hotel we discovered that our city room had no heating (we were freeezing to death!). We requested a change of rooms, but we ended up waiting at the lobby for 2 hours, because they couldn't seem to find a room that actually had heating (!)Finally, we checked in a downgraded room with heating, and we decided to order some 4* room service. On ordering, I asked what was the pasta of the day, but personnel didn't seem to speak at all the English language... after lots of troubles in communication, we were informed that it was a carbonarra.. so we ordered it. What we got, was a plate of plain boiled spaggetti with a little shrimp on the side (for a decor?!)... maybe that was the spanish carbonarra.Next day, the problems reached the top, since one of DG bags was stolen from the room. Can you imagine that? Being in a 4 star hotel, paying a large amount of money for accommodation (and safety).. and being stolen in your own room by housekeeping! I requested to speak with the Manager.The Manager told me that they were very sorry and prompted me to buy a new bag that they would pay for. And so I did. I bought a Max Mara bag worth of 300Euro (where the stolen one was worth of 450) and I gave them the receipt. Surprisingly (once again) the manager told me that the amount is outrageous and that they can pay only half the amount... Woulf it be so difficult to let the customer know the amount of money the hotel can afford?... speechless once more.Finally, when checking out, we were given a bill of the extras totalling to 220 Euros. We reviewed the bill thoroughly and found mistakes worth of 150 Euros.. and therefore the bill fell to 70 Euros. What should I say about that?Having said all that.. it's a pitty that I cannot focus on a few good elements of the hotel (location, rooms), since my experience there ruined the whole trip.If you want to have a good time in the wonderful city of Barcelona, I suggest you stay away from this stylish yet horrible hotel...  
<Date>Jan 3, 2007
<Rating>1	1	4	4	3	1	1	1	

<Author>kalleanka
<Content>Theft in room !!!!! We had things stolen from our room!!!!!! -:( No management attention when reporting the incident, even though the theft was made with the hotel keycard access.Sorry to say, I do not recommend this hotel due to the poor service provided, even though it is modern and have a good location.  
<Date>Dec 16, 2006
<Rating>1	1	3	4	1	2	-1	-1	

<Author>qwerty
<Content>Ideal location We have just returned from 2 nights at this hotel.Rooms were very clean and modern, with a bathroom to die for.Location was the main reason for choosing this hotel and we where not let down.Idealy located for Rambles Picasso Museum and the lovely Gothic area.Pool on the roof is lovely, though a bit chilly in December.Would definately stay here again.Make sure you get an upgrade to a superior room and have breakfat in bed!Geoff  Sue  
<Date>Dec 12, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	3	3	4	

<Author>Taisteal
<Content>Designed in darkness On one of the busiest streets in Barcelona the triple-glazed Grand Central is perfectly located for exploring this exciting city. The cathedral and Ramblas are across the road and El Born beside it The staff at the hotel and slightly aloof but efficient. Overall the hotel is dark, black-painted corridors, black mesh blinds and lit by spotlights. Perfect for vampires. The beds are comfortable, water pressure good and the breakfast was lovely. Overall we had a great stay for four nights, the only drawback was the fact the windows don't open. Places we loved were Tast of Argentina on calle Argentina and El Rovell tapas bar/restaurant on the same street. The restaurant in the Santa Caterina market was also a great find.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	4	3	2	

<Author>GoLeafsGo0907
<Content>Stylish and good location It was in a great location and was quite stylish. The rooms were pretty small, and having two grown men in them made it feel tight. Air conditioning was non-existent and we weren't able to get irons in the rooms.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2006
<Rating>3	2	2	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>nickydp
<Content>Flatters to decieve At first glance this new hotel in the heart of Barcelona pushes all the right buttons, stylish, great location, good sized rooms and a nice restaurant. Trouble is the hotel singularly fails to live up to its hype. The reception staff seem untrained and unhelpful, as when I walked past and asked for water and ice in my room and was told to call room service, sorry but the answer to my request should have been of course sir, and is there anything also we can do for you. When checking in we were informed that the mini bar in our room was free, great... trouble is there was only water, coke and alcohol free beer in there. I'd rather pay and have a selection of wines, spirits and beers. The corridors and rooms are very dark and not welcoming, windows do not open and if, like myself, you smoke the air conditioning needs to be kept at full blast to disperse the smoke. Also when booking a double room occupied by two people, on a supposed 'romatic' break, it is a bit annoying to only have one, very small, bathrobe, and flip-flops (slippers) that, if worn, will cost five euros. There is no bar in the hotel, aside from a little one in the restaurant which doesn't work as a 'bar'. When I return from an evening out I like a drink, not possible here. The rooftop pool, while very nice, again suffers from the 'no service' problem. While lying in the sun enjoying the view one would like a glass of wine, not possible unless you go down 7 floors to the restaurant to get one. The restaurant I must admit was very good and the only place in the hotel where the staff seemed to know what they were doing. To top it off the underground trains run directly underneath the hotel, and in my room, on the third floor, each train was audible through a low rumble every 60 seconds. To sum up, this hotel is all style over substance, everything at first glance is fine but scratch below the surface and it's disappointing, in fact we moved to another hotel on our second night.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	4	4	3	3	2	1	

<Author>The-Ox
<Content>Location, Location, Location The best thing about this hotel is the location. No more than a ten minute walk from anywhere of interest and anywhere further afield is easily accesible from one of the many metro stops in the area. The staff, although initially slightly difficult, were friendly and courteous (the only one who let them down was a tall skinny guy with Leo Sayer hair). Our only major complaint was that we got a twin room when we had requested a double. Leo Sayer tried to tell me that all the rooms were like this, I'm not sure this is true but my Spanish is pretty poor and I didn't fancy the old Basil Fawlty approach. The room was really nice the bathroomhad a deep bath and really nice sink. I have to say the free drinks in the minibar were also a nice touch.I would definitely recommend this hotel, but make sure you get a double if you request one.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>JK.YVR
<Content>Exceeded expectations After having just returned from a six night stay, I'm surprised at the relatively low ranking of the Grand Hotel Central by other TripAdvisor members.Despite some initial minor frustration in communication prior to arrival, the front desk and restaurant staff proved to be consistently friendly, courteous and helpful. The property was well-maintained, the decor contemporary and stylish without any ridiculous compromises unlike many other design hotels I've stayed in, and the location couldn't be better - smack dab between El Born and the Barri Gotic. Despite having a corner room fronting Via Laietana, I didn't find it particularly noisy considering the central location. The blackout blinds came in handy, as did the well-considered lighting controls! However, what did prove to be a bit noisy were the footsteps on the laminate hardwood flooring coming from the room next door from time to time - perhaps not the best choice of flooring material, at least without sound insulation underpadding.I've yet to stay in a hotel that some fault could not be found in, but overall I'd say the Grand Hotel Central is worthy of more serious consideration than a ranking of #125 might suggest.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>MeParker
<Content>Great hotel staff! Could not fault this hotel! It was truly excellent!On arrival and check in me and girlfriend were greeted by the very friendly and helpful staff. We went up to our room it was modern, clean, fresh and cool, We dumped our bags and went up to the roof. The views from the top are great and you get to see a lot of Barcelona. Breakfast was a fantastic, plenty to choose from with the best fresh orange juice ever!!The hotel staff are great, I quizzed them (in English) about lots of the usual holiday stuff, best way to see the city, places to eat, places to drink and they couldn't have been more helpful.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>SLP57
<Content>Fabulous central hotel Stayed here for 5 nights in september 2006 and had a great stay. The hotel is very comfortable, great rooms and public areas. The staff were extremely helpful to us both on arrival and during our stay. The pool was great, yes its small but its a small city centre hotel so I guess it would be. Breakfast was excellent, great choice and rapid attentive service; we stayed over a bank holiday weekend and they served us early on the monday morning so that we could get to our conference in time. I wouldn't hesitate to recommend it, I'm staggered by some of the negative comments on here!  
<Date>Oct 16, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Marcnadal
<Content>Fantastic location Fantastic location, easy walking to metro, sites and shops/restaurants. Staff always helpful and eager to answer questions. Not too noisy considering in the centre. Only downside was the size of room and the fact that it was a little dark, but the room was very clean and comfortably furnished.The rooms are more than adequate, clean, spacious and well resourced. I would strongly recommend the Grand Hotel Central to anyone looking for a centrally located hotel from which to explore the beautiful city of Barcelona.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>ccrr77fr
<Content>good design I've stayed at Hotel Central a few years ago and i've had a very bad first experience. Consequently, i had sent a message to Mrs De Blas, the GM, who replied with a complimentary night offer to change my opinion about this well located hotel in Barcelona.I returned to Grand Hotel Central in the middle of september and my opinion is now much better...The first time, I complained about no seating area in the room and now, this problem has been solved and the room we had last time was very comfortable and very well designed with a zen atmosphere and an ultra comfortable bathroom with a seperate shower and a bathtub. Molton Brown is a very elegant choice for amenities and the free minibar is quite nice even if there are just a few bottles of soda.However, even if my opinion is better. I still think the quality of service has to be improved because this hotel is quite expensive and for example, when you go to the pool (cold but impressive with a stunning view of Barcelona), it' s not nice not to have any clean towel available and to see a messy pool area full of glasses and used towels. Somebody has to clean this area at all time to give to the customer the impression to be in a true four stars hotel.Moreover, the staff at the reception is a bit unefficient and not very smily and it's very unfortunate because it's easy to give a friendly welcome. It would be great if somebody could escort you to your room to help you with the baggage but it's not the case...About the breakfast, it's very good with some tipically spanish dishes and a good quality and selection of delicious products. The buffet breakfast is well presented and the design of the restaurant very interesting.Grand Hotel Central is consequently a nice place for modern design and large size rooms ideally located close to Gotico but the service has to be improved due to the price you'll have to pay...  
<Date>Sep 26, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	3	3	5	

<Author>morgen
<Content>don't book this hotel! I booked this hotel for a two night stay and had a confirmation email but no reply to a query that I made. Three days before I was due to stay there, I sent another email with the same query only to receive a reply cancelling my booking. I called the hotel and received the most atrocious attitude from the reservation staff. This was further matched by the attitude of the manager. She made no attempt to rectify or apologise for their mistake. She simply blamed it on their computer system. They had cancelled the booking and made no attempt to offer an apology. Fortunately, I have been able to book another hotel and would not recommend anyone booking this hotel. The staff are completely inept with absolutely no manners.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2006
<Rating>1	1	-1	-1	-1	1	-1	-1	

<Author>MrChalk
<Content>Abysmal Service While this hotel looks modern and well designed, nothing can make up for the absolutely atrocious service. When I arrived, the internet was not working. I asked what the problem was, I was told...it has been down all day....this is Spain !!. The reception desk were decidedly unfriendly and unhelpful. A fax that was sent to me was not delivered until 3 hours after being sent, despite repeated requests from me as to whether it had arrived or not.When I tried to send a fax, I was told the machine was broken and they did not know when it would be fixed. I responded by saying that the technical shortcomings of this hotel were unacceptable...first the internet didnt work, then the fax machine was broken...i was then told that the internet always worked and that no one else had complained about the internet. Anyway, I then asked where else I could go to send my fax. I was told, go to the cathedral. there is a fax place near there. i asked for more detailed instructions, e.g the name of the place, exactly where it was located etc....i was told to just go to the cathedral and I would find it.I went to the cathedral and of course couldnt find it. I did, however, find the Hotel Colon, who, while having an operational fax machine, advised that it was reserved for guests only. They immediately pulled out a map and gave me specific directions to a 24hr office service, which by the way was nowhere near the cathedral.I will never stay here again. Absolutely abysmal service.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2006
<Rating>1	1	4	4	4	1	1	1	

<Author>laspu
<Content>Urban oasis I would highly recommend this hotel. It was perfectly positioned for getting around Barcelona. Central and yet quiet. The staff were helpful, and friendly. The facilities were excellent; the room was clean and well furnished. The breakfast was first class. In all this hotel was excellent all round and good value for money. I will certainly be recommending it and revisiting it myself.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>mpougeard
<Content>Very mixed feelings鈥?#x201d; I've just spent 3 nights at the Grand hotel central in barcelona and the least i can say is that i have mixed feelings鈥f you are looking for good service and friendly helpful staff then this hotel is not for you! The building is quite nice though and the design interiors quite impressive at first but if you look carefully you ll notice that they ve been using poor quality materials a bit everywhere and particularly in the corridors(extremely dark and gloomy by the way) and in the rooms( black polystyrene ceilings鈥? The restaurant room is much more pleasant. Breakfast is ok鈥here is choice, but nothing is particularly good. BUT THERE IS THE SWIMMING POOL AND THE STUNNING VIEW ON BARCELONA鈥ut don 't get too carried away: it is small (10m/4m) and not more than 20 people can bask in the sun around it, the area is small too and overcrowded when the weather is fine. In a nutshell, really poor service, expensive for what it is, but a nice but small swimming pool with a view. Worth trying for one night in summer maybe but it must be bleak in winter. I will not go there again as far as i'm concerned.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2006
<Rating>2	2	4	5	3	1	1	5	

<Author>saprue
<Content>Terrible! I just spent two nights to the Grand Hotel Central and from the moment we stepted in the door we were let down. The service was terrible and it took about 30 minutes to get checked in, our room wasnt ready till 4pm and the room not made up till 7.30pm on our second day!Very unhelpful staff, room was ok and clean but as a travel agent one of the worst hotel experiences ever!  
<Date>Aug 29, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>purplebiro2
<Content>Fantastic Hotel for the Price       Pool Area  
<Date>Aug 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>anickat
<Content>modern hotel with everything we need I have never wrote a review but I feel that I need to do for this hotel because of previous bad reviews. My husband and I stayed at Grand hotel central for 2 nights before our cruise. The room was IMMACULATE and spacious for a european hotel. The room was on the 5th floor and very quiet. The free minibar was usefull after a full day of sightseeing at 36 C ! Don't forget to leave a card in the unit on the wall to be sure that the electricity is always ON and the room is not too hot and the bottles in the minibar are cold, when you come back. The location is perfect, near the cathedral and the gothic quarter, in the center of town within walking distance (or a short metro ride) from placa Cataluna and everything we wanted to see. The is a bus turistic stop at 50 feet of the hotel door. The price (140 euros) was also very reasonable for the quality. Everyone at the front desk was courteous and helpful. They help the taxi driver to find the route to the ship before we leave the hotel. The breakfast buffet was included in the room price , and the food was great. The pool is small and lack of chairs and towels.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Limmy89
<Content>Not bad value for money, but room for improvement We stayed at Grand Central at the end of July 2006. We paid around 拢100 per night for each of our two rooms, and overall enjoyed our stay. The breakfast buffet was excellent, as were the rooms, with their modern bathrooms and nice range of toiletries. The library downstairs, stocked with the latest design and travel books, is also a nice touch. The feel of the hotel is that of a designer, boutique hotel.However, there are a few things we weren't particularly happy about: The standard of service can be a little poor, from the slightly frosty reception you get at the front desk, to the laid back attitude of the staff at the poolside. There is a small pool on the roof, which is a little too inadequate given the number of guests staying at the hotel, and when we arrived there early in the evening, we found there to be no pool towels to use. I asked if we could get some, and the attendant basically refused our request. I had to call reception myself and get some! Another tip, if possible get rooms facing away from the road (Via Laietana) because the traffic noise can get a little loud. We would probably stay at Hotel Grand Central again, but maybe not at such a busy time.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	2	4	

<Author>sunnyshine100
<Content>Nice, modern hotel with great location Hotel was really nice, rooms were modern decorate and pool was really nice during night time. I really recommend stay there. It was value for money!  
<Date>Aug 15, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Overbooked on Arrival - Booted Out! We booked an Executive room at this hotel for two nights in June. The booking was made about 7 weeks earlier, directly with the website for the hotel's owner company (Epoque Hotels). It was made after 3 evenings' worth of research on hotels in Barcelona, and we were excited to stay there....Imagine our surprise and disappointment arriving at the hotel after our flight from the UK, to be told - with no apologies - that due to 'reservation office problems,' the hotel was overbooked by ten rooms.We were then sent to a nearby hotel (one block away) which was not in the least comparable, and without a pool.We ended up going back and making a scene. There was no manager available, but finally the hotel called up the manager and booked us into another hotel across town (which turned out to be absolutely lovely). This whole process ruined the first two hours of our vacation, and was stressful and terrible. The hotel offered us no compensation, apart from paying for the taxi to the other hotel. Their staff did not have any training in how to handle this type of mess up.My advice. DON'T take your chances... Or, if you do, book a back-up hotel...  
<Date>Jun 29, 2006
<Rating>1	1	-1	-1	-1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>passepartout-tout
<Content>Welcoming, mnimalist hotel Myself and my wife booked a city break to Barcelona staying at the Grand Hotel Central, and reading some of the reviews on this site had me worrying about what we'd find. However, now I'm back, I feel that a lot of what was said is not wholly justified. There was a safe in our room, there was a small selection of cold, free drinks in the mini-bar. There was a selection of dvd films available from reception. The service was attentive and considerate. (When I rang reception to change the time we had booked for dinner, I mentioned I had a problem with the black-out blinds whcih they were able to help me resolve. However, now aware that we were having a siesta, they didn't call back to confirm the time change, but wrote a letter which was posted under the door. No fuss, no bother - just attentive, low-key and appreciated).Some have mentioned the low light levels in the corridors, and the soviet-style minimalism. All I can say, is that the lighting levels are low-ish but meant to be discrete, and whoever suggested soviet levels of minimalism obviously never stayed in a soviet hotel! There certainly wouldn't have been a big bunch of flowers in reception if they had.However, I think the key thing with this hotel, is that it isn't the Hilton or any other global corporate hotel. It is different, and myself and my wife thoroughly enjoyed our stay. The roof-top swimming pool is fantastic, and you almost feel like you're about to swim off the edge of the hotel (which, of course, you're not). I'd also like to be the person who owns the apartment/house at the top of the building - they have a truly fantastic garden with orange trees and everything growing up there.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pleasantly surprised with this hotel Great hotel for the price. Having researched pratically every hotel in Barcelona. We ended up with the this hotel mainly do the the price and the reported view from the rooftop pool. We were pleasantly surprised with the rest. The hotel is modern with a sleek look. The rooms are very simple and clean. Small but enough room for 2 people traveling for 12 days and their luggage. View from our room was ok. Nothing special but roof top has an excellent view of the gotic quarter. The service was a little slow sometimes but the staff was very nice. The restaurant attached was probably some of the best dishes I have every had. Try the pumpkin ravioli or the monk fish. Nice boutique hotel. Would definately stay again. Great for anyone who does not want to pay top dollar. Location is excellent. Walking distance to almost everything.  
<Date>Jun 10, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best location Location was absolutely superb! The best of Barcelona鈥檚 shops are just on the doorstep and do not forget to ask for shopping recommendations at reception. The room was very clean, lots of light and spacious. The black out blinds were fantastic for sleeping! We had a very enjoyable meal in the restaurant, very good value for money.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Choice Barcelona, Grand Hotel CentralMay, 25-28 2006We have spent three nights at the hotel: it was simply a lucky shot. Location is ideal, just walking distance to most of the Barcelona historical and cultural actractions. Few steps and you are in the dazling barriogotico environment. Tunr the left corner and you'll be in the relaxed and highbrow atmosphere of the el-born ready for a visit to Picasso Museum ar the marvellous Palau de la Musica Catalana..Rooms have a minimalist decoration and space is enough for resting after a ....though day of strolling around. Our room was on the back side, therefore was quite silent. Swimming pool on the roof it might be a very good facility for resting: we did not had spare time for it. Breakfast was included: to us was an excellent breakfast with a quite good variety of food ranging from spanish charquterie to fresh fruits and home made cakes.In case of caming to Barcelona in future, we will strongly consider Grand Hotel Central.  
<Date>May 30, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jrdub
<Content>If you like sleek    showReview(5205777, 'full');   
<Date>May 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Minimal gone to the minimum   showReview(5204460, 'full');   
<Date>May 23, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel, wonderful location.   showReview(5034196, 'full');   
<Date>May 4, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Cleol
<Content>Minimalist hotel, minimal service   showReview(4955908, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 10, 2006
<Rating>1	2	3	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>what a beautiful hotel   showReview(4732020, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 25, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>conxi38
<Content>Fantastic hotel   showReview(4465941, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 17, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Amazonian
<Content>Still teething   showReview(4398223, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 30, 2006
<Rating>3	2	2	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>best avoided   showReview(4331276, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 7, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic!   showReview(4316495, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great new boutique hotel   showReview(4250906, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 18, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gally1976
<Content>Molte bello!!!   showReview(22666603, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 12, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mafalda66
<Content>Hotel tr猫s agr茅able.   showReview(22569847, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un bel h么tel bien situ茅   showReview(20552119, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>gerne wieder   showReview(19634855, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>tonyfrenchn
<Content>Magnifique endroit   showReview(19197693, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Einfach supersch枚n   showReview(19634857, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 16, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>intravellerFrankfurt
<Content>Modernes Ambiente im Altbau   showReview(18685549, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	3	3	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ein sch枚nes, modernes Hotel in guter Lage   showReview(19634853, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 3, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Barcelona   showReview(18526514, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 24, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>il faut choisir sa chambre   showReview(17428979, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 22, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	2	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Mitten im sch枚nsten Viertel der Stadt!   showReview(17428981, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 21, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>weersing
<Content>design e comodit脿   showReview(16805542, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	3	2	

<Author>lass=
<Content>bon hotel bien plac茅   showReview(17428977, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 9, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel tr猫s bien situ茅 dans le Bario   showReview(17428975, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 5, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr guter Ausgangspunkt f眉r die Erkundung Barcelonas   showReview(16603647, 'full');   
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tres bon hotel   showReview(16603646, 'full');   
<Date>May 18, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Id茅al   showReview(16603644, 'full');   
<Date>May 14, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ABT55
<Content>hotel central 脿 recommander   showReview(15462925, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>trop de bruit   showReview(15567739, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 28, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	1	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>sundoc2406
<Content>Tolles Zentrales Hotel mit einzigartigem Roof Top Pool   showReview(15109534, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(15567738, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 11, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Edle Sch枚nheit   showReview(15567737, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 9, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>schmackovatz
<Content>Neues Desinhotel mit Pool auf dem Dach!!!Blick atemberaubend...   showReview(14321541, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 16, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Id茅alement situ茅 dans le centre de Barcelone   showReview(14733557, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 10, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Perfekt f眉r ein verl盲ngertes Barcelona Wochenende   showReview(13979205, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 24, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Super Lage, sch枚ne Zimmer   showReview(13198018, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 5, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sch枚nes Cityhotel   showReview(13198017, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 5, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Purer Minimalismus   showReview(11303079, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 29, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr gutes Hotel in super Lage   showReview(11303078, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 22, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Consigliabile   showReview(11303076, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 16, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	2	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr zu empfehlen   showReview(11303077, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 9, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>G R E A T   showReview(11303075, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 25, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Absolut empfehlenswert   showReview(11303074, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 19, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gute Lage, modern eingerichtet   showReview(11664335, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>calme   showReview(11664332, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 15, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>gerne wieder   showReview(11664334, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 12, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sicuramente Torner貌...   showReview(11664333, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Super Hotel   showReview(11664331, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 7, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>glf60
<Content>Una piacevolissima sorpresa       piscina sul tetto: zona relax  
<Date>Sep 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Immer gerne wieder   showReview(11438821, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 23, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>galathee
<Content>Tr茅s bon s茅jour - A recommander   showReview(8450507, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 19, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>sehr sch枚nes hotel   showReview(11438818, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 10, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ambiente molto curato ed ottimamente insonorizzato considerando anche la posizione centralissima   showReview(11438819, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 9, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tr茅s bonne adresse, endroit 脿 conseiller   showReview(11438822, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 8, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hervorragendes Hotel, das nur zu empfehlen ist   showReview(11495890, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 16, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Designhotel inmitten des Lebens   showReview(11495889, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 15, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>German_Traveller
<Content>Super Boutique Hotel   showReview(7829588, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 10, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>luxusweib
<Content>tolle LAge   showReview(7828583, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	4	4	3	

<Author>michel333
<Content>Fantastique s茅jour!!   showReview(7636076, 'full');   
<Date>May 17, 2007
<Rating>5	4	3	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottima struttura per posizione e comfort   showReview(11426491, 'full');   
<Date>May 2, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>un peu d茅莽u   showReview(11406894, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 24, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bel hotel, tr猫s bien situ茅   showReview(11396996, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 23, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Klasse Hotel in zentraler Lage   showReview(11396994, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 15, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Struttura molto bella ma personale poco attento   showReview(11396993, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 1, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	1	-1	

<Author>killyan
<Content>Me enamor贸   showReview(6764718, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>angelaMadrid
<Content>Hotel de encanto y servicial   showReview(6763959, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nous y retournerons d猫s que possible   showReview(11385800, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 8, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tres bon hotel, mais...   showReview(11385799, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 7, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gepflegtes Hotel in zentraler Lage Barcelonas   showReview(11382247, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 29, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tres bonne adresse   showReview(11378928, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 20, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tr猫s bon h么tel, particuli猫rement bien situ茅   showReview(11378927, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 12, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>H么tel de bon confort et bien plac茅   showReview(11369535, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 31, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sch枚n war`s   showReview(11356131, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 30, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Klasse Hotel, Service leider entt盲uschend   showReview(11356130, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 20, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>vivamente consigliato   showReview(11334956, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 11, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Super Hotel   showReview(11331775, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 12, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

