<Author>djl1960
<Content>Recommended but starting to need a refurbishment An ideal location for a stay in Amsterdam- centrally located yet on a quiet side street. I have stayed here a few times but now feel the hotel is starting to look slightly dated, For example, the TV was old and other hotels have more up to date in room entertainment with regard to internet access and on demand films. A refurbishment is probably required to keep the hotel up to date.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2008
<Rating>4	3	2	5	3	4	3	2	

<Author>GlobeRoamer
<Content>A really PERFECT relaxing stay .... an EXCELLENT team ... I'll be back I have just returned from a long weekend in Amsterdam where I was obliged to stay at two hotels. The first, this one, the SAS Radisson I booked myself and stayed for two nights (Nov 7th and 8th) and the second, booked by others for me you will find a review of here on my profile.There is not enough good things i can say about my stay at this hotel, we had a PERFECT relaxing stay. From the first moment we arrived until the sorry moment we departed all was simply perfect. The staff were extra friendly and efficient. Though incredibly central the hotel surroundings were very quiet with the only regular noise beyond the windows the peel of the many church bells accross the canal - hardly an annoyance is such a pretty city. THe hotel decor is pretty standard business hotel fare yet with a beautiful bar and a well appointed gym/fitness area.We were very glad to have the Ruyschen corner suite with a beautiful view over a quiet canal. The wooden floored aiery suite was spacious, well designed and appointed and immaculately clean. The wifi connection was up and operating within seconds. Mini-bars are always pricey yet this one had a very interesting selection and was not a rip-off ( though a half bottle of sparkling wine or champagne would make a welcome addition). The Nespresso professional coffee machine with a wide abundant selection of brews was very welcome. As an added asset I might suggest an ipod dock or connection for ipods to the hi-fi unit in the room so that one could listen to one's own music, (this is becomming more and more standard in good hotels as many more of us travel with our ipods and not cd's).The bathroom was a highlight with a very spacious walk in shower and a deep and long jaccussi bath with very good quality and bountiful complimentary toileteries. (my only suggestion might be a dimmer switch on the bathroom lights which could only either be fully on or off - not the best for a romantic soak !! :-))We were sad to leave and especially so when we arrived at our next destination hotel , yes it was slightly cheaper but in no was as good value as the Radisson!A special mention must be given to Peter-Paul Van Eijk the duty manager on our arrival on the Friday night. He did all and more to correct a slight mistake that had been made in the booking system. The issue dissappeared within seconds with no prompting on our part and even despite the hotel being rather full. What might have taken a slight edge off the check in process and stay proved to be no longer a problem. Louis the concierge was also really excellent in his restaurant recommendations. A list of top and expensive restaurants i had received from friends before my departure were all booked up for the weekend and Louis provided alternative suggestions that were nothing less than perfect , Gusto a great and reasonalbe italian open late very nearby and Le pecheur, a really excellent and affordable fish restaurant beside the flower market (we returned twice over our four day stay in the city). (i will give a quick review of each here)If only all hotel personnel were so professional and accomodating!I will certainly and absolutely return as soon as I can and FULLY recommend anyone to stay here. Well done all of you at the SAS Radisson Amsterdam.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>RiotPelaaja
<Content>Quite good and very businesslike The location is excellent, with many spots a walking distance including the main railway station, good bars and of course, the Red Light district.The hotel looks old from the outside, but on the inside it's very modern with interesting architecture. Extremely pricey though, with 400 euros per night not even including breakfast. The latter was excellent though, with a much wider selection of sausages and bread than usual, so the breakfast was excellent as was the coffee.The hotel's bar is quite good for a hotel bar and the service was impeccable. As a nice touch, you can see Schipol airport's schedule on two monitors in the lobby.The rooms are quite spacious with excellent beds and some closet space, but the bathrooms while all amrble are very clinical and basic, though spacey. The wifi is free and the connection seemed to work quite well.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>rail_traveller00
<Content>Very Good business hotel Very good location downtown. From there you can easily reach by puublic transport the RAI Congress and Exhibition Center without having to stay in the suburbs.Upon check-in, you are offered an upgrade to a business-class room for a light surcharge. Rooms are large, well-equipped with free boardband access, a Nespresso coffee machine, etc. etc.Nice breakfast buffet ( included in the business-class rooms) but service could be improved; you wait too much for a simple cp of coffee.For those looking for this type of attraction, very close also to the Red Light District and the pedestrian zone !!  
<Date>Nov 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>ldcbl
<Content>Great ;location This hotel is right in the center of the city. We could walk everywhere. it is 5 minutes to Dam Square, ten minutes to the Rembrandtplein, and maybe 15 minutes- walking briskly to the Leidensplein. The breakfast buffet was great- everything from eggs to order, yogurt, fresh fruit, cereals, hardboiled eggs,cheese and meats, but pretty expensive at 25E per person. We were able to get an upgrade to the business rooms where breakfast is included but if we didn't have that I might have looked for a small cafe. Get a good map and you can walk everywhere.The rooms were nice but Radisson please get some new hair dryers in the rooms. They have the old style hairdryer mounted on the wall. It was awful. The tube kept falling out and it looked like it was from the 70's. Housekeeping was ok, but sometimes the glasses were not changed. The bathtub was very nice and deep though. I went to Lush and got some bath bombs. Taking a bath after walking all day is great. I also liked that the windows opened. You really want a room that looks out on the street not on the interior lobby.If you can go to Boom Chicago and take the Saint Nicholas Boat club tour. it is on a small boat and so much nicer than the large tour boats. very unique. You sign up inside Boom Chicago.On the walk to Leidensplein there are several Italian Restaurants .We had some great Pizza at Antonios. The rijsttafel at Indurpura in the Rembrandtplein was very good. We tried a Brazilian steak house near Indurpura but it was only ok.Definitely get tickets on line to go to the Anne Frank House. You get to go in a separate entrance, and go early by the afternoon the lines are around the block. The area around the museum is a nice walk, but if you go on Sunday morning, as we did, none of the shops are open in the Jordaan.We plan to come back. The city is beautiful and the hotel is almost perfect. We had everything we needed except a decent hairdryer- and that is a small complaint. We didn't eat at the Hotel except for breakfast because there were so many restaurants near the hotel.Watch out for the bikes though. We had to keep our eyes open. The Dutch hate it when you step out in front of them- and who can blame them!  
<Date>Nov 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>jobagg
<Content>Good all round. We had an eight day stay. No thing too much for them. Ask and it will be done. Used the restaurant three times, and the bar every night. Both excellent and would suggest you take advice from the bar staff where to go for entertainment and to eat. Rooms are very comfortable. There are cheaper places but if you want a bit of indulgence you will go far to find better.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>allisternz
<Content>comfortable and central Just landed back in the office in London after checking out of our room at 04:30 this Monday morning.Same lovely night shift chap was on the desk as had been when we checked in late Friday night.The rooms were comfortable and we nearly got lost in the bed, as previously commented the rooms are unique with their steps up or down from the door, but if anything that gives the room a little character.The hotel is wonderfully central and a pleasure to stay in.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>rdmj1968
<Content>Good Hotel Just checked out of the Radisson SAS Amsterdam and this was my 5th time staying there. The room iwas adequate enough, we had 2 beds, the hotel is now 100% smoke free which I didn't like. I had an opening window and me and many others just smoked out the window. Beds comfortable and the beds have just comforters on them, no sheet other than the one covering the mattress we asked them 2 bring 2 sheets each which they did within minutes. good service. Dont touch the minibar otherwise you will be charged in 2 seconds. literally. Bathroom was small and the shower had no PRESSURE. It was the worst shower I have encountered in a hotel in a while.Location is excellent- short walk form virtually everyhting. Clean rooms Ok air-con. breakfast is expensive at 25 euros per person. thats almost $40.00 US. Staff was friendly and helpful.Would stay there again.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Objective37
<Content>Great location, very different rooms are on offer. We are just back from a weekend in this property, we normally stay in the Amrath Palace, but we decided on a change.The location is excellent 15mins walk from Central station, do not take a cab, as you will be told that there is a one way system  get charged 25 Euros! 5 mins Rembrandt, 5 mins red light ,10 mins from the shopping streets  15 mins from the Rijks Musem. Overall the Hotel is very clean, pretty good staff, with excellent Concierge (Tobar) and a good Breakfast. Its the usual Super Buffet that Radisson advertises  although the breakfast area is slightly cramped all the great products are on offer, including a fresh orange juicer in the corner.My only word of warning is the very diverse nature of the bedrooms.The Hotel is made up of a covered Atrium between 2 streets, 3 of the original buildings have been kept  this 1980's steel glass structure has been added. That is the Reception area, Restaurants  Bars. Across the street is another block of bedrooms, which you access from an underground walkway. I did not get a chance to view these bedrooms but they did look spacious from the outside.You may get an internal bedroom looking into the Atrium, you will either love it or hate it.So, be mindful of your bedroom on checkin or phone the Hotel in advance. Altogether we would recommend.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>russky72
<Content>Nice Hotel Stayed here for just one night on a short weekend stay.Hotel is modern and clean, with the added benefit of being in a good location. It's around 10 minutes walk from the Train Station and within 5 minutes of any local place of interest. You are central without being in 'thick of it'. Would recommend it to anyone.Amsterdam surprised me, as my perception was completly changed when I visted this city. It seems to have shed the image of a place that only Stag parties visit. It has a very cosmopolitan feel with many cafe/bars with outside seating area's and a good choice of resturants, in fact I was amazed at the number of resturants there are in Amsterdam!!If you are thinking of staying here, I would book it direct on their website. I was quoted a variaty of different prices for the same night/room, with as much as 拢60 difference!  
<Date>Oct 13, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>offeringmyopinion
<Content>Mostly excellent! A great spot, away from the crowd but close enough to walk to / from. Staff friendly, room very clean, dinner in the restaurant was excellent, bar had a lovely ambience.Perhaps all reflective in the price that you pay to stay!Only gripe was our room was on the second floor facing into the atrium reception, after a night out in Amsterdam I didn`t appreciate being woken by a group sitting in this area chatting extremely loudly at a little after 5am!! The noise really does carry so perhaps would recommend you request a room NOT overlooking the atrium reception if you fancy a lie in!  
<Date>Oct 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>missie22
<Content>Fantastic location in the heart of Amsterdam I visited the Radisson SAS on my own to attend a course in September.Having not been to Amsterdam before, I didnt know what to expect, but the hotel is located really centrally and the main tourist areas are just around the corner.The hotels rates in my opinion are expensive for the quality of the hotel - it is perfectly pleasant but nothing special - I suppose it is the location that you pay for.The hotel is oddly split accross both sides of the street, so if you are staying in the side opposite to the main section, then you do have to go up and down in order to go under the street and then back up in the lift to the rooms.The rooms were pleasant and I was pleased to see travelling on my own that you could get BBC1 etc on the television. I had breakfast and lunch in the main restaurant and it was very pleasant..The hotel has a small gym, which was pretty well equipped and well kept for a hotel gym, there were 3 cardio machines, free weights and about 5 weight machines - and unusually for hotels with small gyms it was all in good working order.I am thinking of going back to Amsterdam for a leisure trip, the only thing that would put me off about this hotel is the price in comparison for what you get -it was 239 euros a night for a single room.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	3	4	

<Author>ebonvan
<Content>Good choice - great location We stayed 2 days at the SAS Radisson in Holland in mid August of 2008 and it was very nice. Clean, well appointed and terrific location. Not in the typical hotel every 5 feet area. Close to restaurants, shopping, Red Light District, etc. Very easy to get lost there, so take a map. The staff were very helpful, check in was a breeze. We had a superior room, but don't expect it to be big - it's small by North American standards. I wonder what the standard room looked like. It had a small TV ( but seriously, folks, there was 1 channel with English with reruns of Law and Order). Everything was very clean but the decor was pretty standard. It did feature a cool module that held the TV (not flatscreen if you care), minibar, wine glasses, and an iron and ironing board. The bed was quite comfortable.We had an interior room, which meant that our window opened up into the lobby of the hotel. That meant no fresh air. Ewww. Also, if you want to talk loudly, you might want to rethink that and close the window unless you want the staff to hear you. Did not eat at the restaurant, so I have no idea about that. Nor did we have room service. Would I stay there again? Not in that room, but across the street there were other rooms that I didn't even realize was part of the hotel. I would hesitate to spend tons of money just for a room that you don't spend much time in anyway.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Perihelion
<Content>Convenient Location Radisson SAS enjoys a great location, within easy walking distance of the Central Train Station and the famous Red Light District. It is also 5 minutes stroll from the nearest tram stop which is very convenient to see the main touristic attractions.  The hotel, although spotlessly clean and pleasantly decorated, had a somewhat old-fashioned air, especially the bathrooms. The supposedly queen bed turned out to be two single beds attached. Apart from those, the rooms (we stayed in a de-luxe) were spacious enough and had all necessary amenities.  As with most of the hotels on offer in Amsterdam, the breakfast was not included in the room rate and was a little expensive at 24.5E. Nevertheless it was of a high quality with a good variety of hot and cold choices on offer. One minor irritation occured when we returned to our table to find our half-eaten food and half-drunk coffee had been cleared away in the very short time we were away to fetch our second courses. A little absent-mindedness of the staff but that was recovered quickly.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	3	5	

<Author>Suuzy_q
<Content>Wonderful Radisson We stayed at this Hotel from the 27th August to the 31st. The Hotel is top class. The rooms were ample sized with high ceilings. The room had free wireless connection which would have been great had I taken my laptop. The bed was incredibly comfy and the linen was crisp and fresh. There was a mini bar in the room but we found the prices a litte pricey. Watch taking anything out of the mini bar as you won't get it back in and you will automatically be charged. Overall we had a fab time and would definately recommend this Hotel.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	5	

<Author>KipperRhonddaWales27
<Content>Stay at the unusual! My family of 2 adults and 2 children stayed here and we were very impressed! This hotel is unusual as the window of the room opens in to the glass atrium of the reception area instead of outside. This did make the room slightly dark and needed lights on all the time.It is of a high standard of cleanliness and the rooms are well equipped. We stayed in an executive room for 4 people. The main bed was very large and comfortable, the sofa was a pull out bed for children. If children stay and use this bed make it clear when arriving what extra charges there are for this - we were charged 50 euros extra per night that we didnt realise. The manager did waver this charge after we explained that it did not state this in the beginning.The breakfast is of a high standard of cooked foods, fruits, pastries, cold meats , cheeses, cereals, something for everyone and the staff were fantastic there especially with children.Its a beautiful hotel in a good location it is away from the crowds of Dam Square but it is in walking distance of everywhere. We took a taxi from Central Station when we arrived and it cost 24 euros but you can easily walk it!! For its uniqueness and its high standard in everything I would definately stay there again - well worth it.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>aplusplus
<Content>Really nice hotel I stayed there with my boyfriend and we were both more or less satisfied.The room was very clean and comfortable, the TV was dated but good enough for us, the bathroom was absolutely spotless and spacious... In short, everything in the room was very satisfying. Location of the hotel is just wonderful: on a quiet little street within walking distance to every tourist spot, a few streets away from the red light area but nothing to be worried about. All in all, we enjoyed our stay very much. If there's something to be improved: the reception was quite routinely and cold. Prior to departure, we were promised to have a queen / king bed and room with street view, but got twins and a view of the neighbor's wall. These are not critical elements for us. What bothered me was the fact that the welcome staff didn't even say a word and let us discover the bad news on entering the room!  
<Date>Aug 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	2	-1	5	

<Author>We_L0ve_t0_Travel2
<Content>Perfect Room and Location From check-in to check-out everything was just wonderful. We arrived around 10 am on Friday morning and were delighted to be able to check right in and go to our room, freshen up and head into town to see the sights. The front desk was very helpful answering all our questions and provided a great map of the city. You can't ask for a better location. Everything is within walking distance and still a quiet location once you retire in the evening. We had a business room which was quite large compared to other European standards. We will certainly stay there again on our next trip to Amsterdam. It may be a little pricey (conversion from Euro to USD) but well worth it in my opinion knowing you have a clean room, clean bathroom and a bar right downstairs.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>happylady2
<Content>Great Location, Great Hotel       Bar and lobby area  
<Date>Aug 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>BrickwallDad
<Content>Fab Location - Great Rooms       lovely lobby  
<Date>Jul 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>A140
<Content>TOP NOTCH Stay here on average 3 times a year it's great. Perfect location, coffee shop across the road, shopping nearby, excellant standards and veryt helpful staff. Pricey for parking but that's Amsterdam!I have stayed here with my young child also and it's very child friendly, I was here for a week with her and had a great time. Very clean and helpfull as I had to call a doctor for my husband while there and he was treated in the room and the hotel sent out a taxi to collect his prescription for us so I didn't have to drag the baby around to the chemist ( I actually knew where it was but the average tourist wouldn't ) My partner is half Dutch so we are well travelled in Holland and this is one of the best value for ***** stars Hotel , with a great location and no sleeze around you....  
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	-1	5	5	5	

<Author>leehal
<Content>Very nice Booked this hotel through Expedia and think the price was quite heavily discounted, 5 nights in a 5 star hotel for 500 GBP.Hotel is in a nice quiet street a few hundred yards from the red light district - everything is within easy access.We are staying on a room only basis, charge for breakfast in your room is a whopping 30 euro, not sure how much it is in the restaurant but it will be expensive.We have had room service, 2 x burger and chips and a bottle of wine for 60 euro - not a bad price, excellent quality.We are staying in the main block of the hotel, room is large and has everything you need - TV, safe, mini bar (mega expensive), tea/coffee making facilities, free wi-fi, trouser press, desk, arm chair etcRoom and bathroom are really clean - read some negative comments relating to the toiletries provided but they seem fine to us.Bed is comfortable and the linen is really good quality.Hotel staff are very friendly and attentive, they have helped me obtain a rollator/wheeled walker and seem very knowledgeable about all things relating to Amsterdam.Taxis ordered by the hotel are great, so far we have had a nice big BMW and a Mercedes, nice to travel in luxury - fares are reasonable too.We even had a phone call from the manager asking our opinion on the hotel with regards to cleanliness, concierge, movies, food etcReally cannot fault the hotel in any way, we are used to staying in top end hotels in the USA such as Sofitel, Loews etc and this is on a par with them.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BelfastMunsterfan
<Content>Perfect location, marvellous rooms Just returned from a city break weekend where myself and my wife stayed in this 4 star hotel. I had read reviews from Tripadvisor and decided to book the hotel, with the hotels own website where the prices are pretty much the same as hotel booking sites.Hotel is 5 mins away or 10 euros away from Central Station.Rooms very clean, however not much space. Our room was overlooking thye inner atrium/reception and the window opened inwards, so not much room.We had an american breakfast which was a basic enough continental breakfast which was 49 euros for two people which we taught was steep.If i was returning to amsterdam id stay here again, but probaly get a room facing onto the street, and eat elsewhere.As it was our wedding anniversary, i'd requested a room upgrade and was upgraded to a deluxe room, which was a nice touch  
<Date>Jun 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>jthejock
<Content>Well located       Steps from bed to bathroom  
<Date>Jun 16, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	3	3	4	

<Author>RAWBaltimore_MD
<Content>Great Location. Free Internet.       View of Hotel. It is a large hotel hidden behind the traditional facade  
<Date>May 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>vjcc80
<Content>Top Notch !!!!!!! Booked here as a suprize for my Fiances 21st Birthday. (I had told him id booked a 2*) We arrived 4 hours early and they offered to let us check in immeadiatley. They wished my Fiance congratulations on celebrating his birthday and made us feel very special. To top it all they up graded us to a Business class room!!! We were very impressed!!! We then went to our room which was situated in the old part of the Radisson accross the road, however there is no reason to have to cross the road you go under the road my a lift system, the concourse is beautifully presented, light and airy and made quite an impression on me!!On entering our room we were suprized how big the room was, also very delighted, it was furnished with Georgian furniture with a king size bed. There was a mini bar stuffed with goodies. Also a coffetiere. The bathroom was lovely and supplied all your toiletries. Also a hairdryer!!! Plenty of bag and wardrobe space.We ordered room service which was quick and delicious and at very reasonable prices. I would reccomend The Radisson Amsterdam to anyone who wants 5* luxury right in the heart of Amsterdam.5mins from all the wierd and wonderful attractions of AMSTERDAM!!!!!  
<Date>Apr 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>IrishPaddy123
<Content>Radisson SAS, Amsterdam We stayed in this hotel for 4 nights in January 2008. We were impressed with the standard of cleanliness throughout the premises and the general decor. The integration of old historical buildings into the property is also to be commended. However, in my opinion, it didn't have the feel of a 5-star hotel about it. To me, it felt more like your average, run-of-the-mill 4-star that you get in every European city. With this in mind, the cost of staying there seemed excessive, especially when breakfast would have cost 鈧?5 per person on top of that.The location of the hotel is excellent. It is close enough to the attractions to be within comfortable walking distance, yet far enough away to be peaceful and quiet. We checked in a few hours early, as our flight from Cork had arrived in the early morning. After a minor fuss from the receptionist, we got our room easily enough. A minor irritation was to be charged a city tax on top of our rate on departure, which may well have been the fault of the site where we booked the hotel.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	5	3	3	4	

<Author>RoamstheWorld
<Content>I LOVE this hotel       SAS Lobby  
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>BayswaterBabe
<Content>Excellent Hotel We booked about 5 months earlier but it was worth it because we got a very good deal. I had been looking for hotels in Amsterdam for literally years but had been put off by the expense. The Radisson's prices seemed to be a little cheaper than other 4-5 star hotels in Amsterdam.We stayed over Easter this time. I am not sure but I think we may have been upgraded to a nicer room since the price quoted in our room for price per night was far more expensive than the rate we actually paid when we checked out/on our online booking form. We had also requested a room on a high floor with a good view and we got both.Staff gave us a very warm welcome. The room was lovely, really nicely furnished, big TV with plenty of channels, good storage, nice modern, marble bathroom with good hot powerful shower and lots of nice toiletries. The room was not huge but big enough for us. There were free little chocolate eggs in bowls scattered round the reception area which my boyfriend enjoyed helping himself too. The bar in the lobby area looked nice although we didn't have time to stop there and the lobby looked very impressive with a water feature and two computers offering free internet access. One computer was not working during our stay but there was not a big queue. There is also free wifi in all rooms.We did not eat at the hotel restaurant or have breakfast there (24 Euros seemed a little steep) but there are plenty of small cafes within a minute or two's walk from the hotel which do really nice breakfasts for a fraction of the price.The location is amazing. Right in the centre and just round the corner from the red light district although this is not obvious at all unless you walk from there. It is also far enough from it to not see it at all unless you want to go looking for it or get lost. The area surrounding the hotel is not at all sleazy. There are plenty of amazing pubs within walking distance of the hotel and it is bang in the centre of all the main sites. The hotel was busy but it never felt overrun with tourists and staff were always friendly.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>liverpool-london
<Content>Nothing was a problem! We stayed over the snowy Easter weekend and found the hotel to be cosy, comfy and very nice.Only one mistake occured and it was quickly rectified - twin room and we're newly married.I called as we entered the room and the response was no problem we'll have the room made up for double. I pointed out I wanted a double - not a twin made up as one (how uncomfortable are those...).And in 5 mins we had a new key and a new room. The view was not as good - but you know what - it suited us better than the initial room over looking the courtyard as it was out of the way and quiet on the corridor.So well done Radisson - we'd recommend and use you again.p.s. it's so close to everything too!  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>waynecom7
<Content>Great Hotel Just returned from 4 nights at the Radisson SAS Amsterdam. It's a great hotel, lovely staff and a great location. Located centrally, everything from museums to restaurants are within walking distance. It's away from the red light district so quieter. Drinks and breakfast are expensive (24.95 euros for breakfast) but there are pleny of nearby if you want to go out. Highly recommended.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Michael from Vienna
<Content>great location, friendly staff, nice hotel We stayed at the Radisson SAS Amsterdam for 3 nights over easter 2008. Booked the hotel online via Expedia.de.First of all, the location of the hotel is perfect, right in the middle of the city, at the edge of famous red light district and at a little canal.We knew the hotel from passing by at several other visits in amsterdam, so I knew it has a huge atrium lobby with rooms facing into the lobby.So I mailed to the hotel, that we would like a non-smoking room with two beds with a window to the street. I assume windows opening to the lobby make the room sticky since you dont get fresh air from the outside.Arriving at the hotel we learned, that they could fulfill all of our wishes and we got a very nice room on 4th floor - 406.Compared to the Marriott where we usually stay rooms are smaller, but still very nice. Bathrooms need some renovation, but still OK, nice amenities and good water pressure.Staff all over the hotel is really nice and helpful. We did not eat at the hotel since its very pricy, bar is very cosy but also exxpensive.Very positive: Hotel has free internet wifi access all over if you bring a laptop and offers free access to the internet in the business center including printing.On departure day we asked for late checkout and were allowed to check-out at 3 PM.Again, a very nice hotel, PERFECT location, rooms are OK, staff is very helpful and friendly, we would stay there again.One additional tipp: If you are looking for great, local food. For 9 years now we have dinner at our favourite restaurant in Amsterdam. Very close to the Radisson in a little street, Berenstraat 12-Family owned, very cosy atmosphere, great food. Also a lot of locals eat there, thats always a good sign for us. Make sure you reserve in advance, since its quite small, they get full every night.http://www.zwaantje.demon.nl/  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>pjatravel
<Content>Great for Business, not so much as a tourist even though location is great I've stayed in this hotel numerous times over the years for business and find that it's wonderfully accomodating for the business person. The conference facilities are great for the 50 or so folks I've had the pleasure of working with during our stay here. It's always felt a bit strange to have to walk under the street to get to the conference facilities, but that's probably just me.Internet access and a high degree of cleanliness and helpful staff for all sorts of one-off requests during our business meetings always makes me feel comfortable during my stays here. For business in Amsterdam, centrally located and close to anything else one might be interested in doing to augment their stay in Amsterdam, this hotel is highly recommended.One odd comment overheard on a recent trip was How can this be a 5 star hotel if the bar doesn't open until 1700?. I don't know the answer, but that is a very strange aspect of the place. The bar is, however, wonderful when opened (if a bit expensive).Otherwise, another great stay! The management of this hotel are doing a great job.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>HandP
<Content>Good location, ok hotel We stayed at the Radisson SAS hotel in the Centre of Amsterdam for quick weekend break at the end of Feb 2008. The hotel is of reasonable quality with an impressive reception area. The corridors where the rooms are remind me of 1960s school corridors. The room was very comfortable however and of a good size. The bed was also comfy. Everything was clean and the shower was good. The hotel is in a quiet area and only a 15 min walk from the main shopping/red light district and Centraal Station. i would def stay here rather than right in the thick of it. The hotel bar was quite nice but expensive (a glass of wine/fizz is tiny!) Overall it was a pleasant place to stay but was quite expensive. It was in a great location though and we would stay here again.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	3	3	3	2	

<Author>Drschrebling
<Content>Good, business hotel This was a hotel with a fantastic location, but be aware that it is very corporate in terms of vibe and set-up. However, if you are looking for a reliable, clean, functional hotel that is a great launch pad for the main attractions in Amsterdam, then this is the one for you. It is only 5 mins from Dam Square, Main Shopping, Red-Light District, loads of restaurants and 10 mins walk from the main musuems (Anne Frank, Van Gogh) and main train station. We really enjoyed our stay in Amsterdam, spent very little time at the hotel, but were glad we'd booked a nice relaxing and professional hotel for our stayOne tip - make sure you have a quick visit to the Rusland Coffee Shop opposite the hotel!  
<Date>Mar 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	3	4	5	

<Author>s0kutatsu
<Content>Nice Hotel Located in the centre of Amsterdam, just three blocks from busy Dam Square. The Stopera Theatre and the flower market are within two blocks. It's one kilometre to Amsterdam Centraal train station...Clean, Cozy...and very friendly staff.Enjoy my stay!!  
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>3	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>eacus
<Content>no way 5* This hotel is no way a 5*. I've stayed in a number of Radissons in the past and this was by far inferior. The commual areas are really dated and the rooms small. The first one we were shown to stank of smoke. They tried to say they would send someone to spray some air freshener but after a long conversation i managed to convince them to move us. Trying to get a later check out was equally as hard. On a positive not the location was good and we could walk everywhere we wanted.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	2	2	3	

<Author>victoria_dalaki
<Content>Wonderful hotel in a wonderful city       Hotel  
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jihyun
<Content>not that great First of all, I must say it was the worst SAS I have been so far. Why? Bad smell (like after someone used the bathroom) throughout the hotel and specially in the rooms drove me up the wall.Secondly, the mattresses in the standard room I stayed was so old that it was like sleeping in an hammock. Pillows had little lumps telling its long history.Thirdly, although location-wise, its centrally located, as women travelers the streets leading to the hotel were pretty dimly lit although quite.But on the good side was the free internet access I had in the rooms.Hope other travelers will be aware of these problems before they book as raving reviews of this hotel by others made me choose and regret.  
<Date>Feb 10, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	4	2	4	

<Author>colinb3469
<Content>Great Location - Friendly helpful staff We arrived just after 11 in the morning and they found us a room straight away - they also remembered it was my wife's birthday on the day we arrived and reception and the concierge wished her congratulations as we arrived (as did Passport control as they checked her passport - can't imagine UK PC doing that!).The room was excellent, comfortable, firmish bed (good for the back after a hard day's walking). Plenty of space and a nice, if not luxurious ensuite bathroom. The hotel is located right in the centre of the city, within 5-10 minutes walk of most major sights.We also benefitted from the discount for staying 3 nights, so a 5-star hotel for a lower price. Would highly recommend this hotel for a business or leisure stay.  
<Date>Feb 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>dogtordolittle
<Content>Does what is says on the tin. Good hotel in central but quiet location. Service friendly and efficient. We were there on a quiet weekend and were upgraded to a better room. Have stayed twice now once on business but went back for a weekend break as it was such a good location.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Bul
<Content>nice, clean hotel in city center It happened to us quite rarely, that we could stay for a reasonable price in a nice hotel, in a metropol city of europe. We stayed here for 3 nights, and liked it very much. Very nicely decorated room, with a lot of space, friendly reception and right in the city center. The only surprise was the very expensive restaurant and the breakfast(24 Euro). After first day, we discovered cafes outside, which offered the same breakfast for halve of the price.  
<Date>Feb 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>gurupalm
<Content>Excellent Quality Lacking in Character I stayed here with my girlfriend for 3 nights in Dec 06 just after xmas. We arrived early but they were able to provide us with a room straight away which we found very useful as we were eager to dump our stuff and get out exploring.The room was very clean and had an excellent en-suite which was much nicer than in many other hotels I have stayed in. TV had a few english channels if you had some time to kill and the bed was comfortable and very big. Room had all the usual amenities you would expect from a 5 star hotel including safe. Only complaint really is that the hotel was a little dull and had nothing about it that gave it any charm or quirkiness, that said it was quiet, clean and comfortable.If you are coming to Amsterdam don't miss the Heineken Brewery Tour, it's highly amusing and you get plenty of beer plus a gift to take away with you.  
<Date>Feb 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>BallyLondon
<Content>Location, Bars, Clubs, Times, were to go... etc.. Comparing prices and looking for the best deal can be frustrationg as we all know!!! We booked 3 nights stay through Hotels.com and they do a 25%offer if you stay for more then 3 days or more. Brilliant!!!Just a sneaky bit of advice if you are going for a special occasion then make sure you inform the hotel via email before travelling and then they upgrade for FREE!!!!! Excellent.... Hotel has Bar, restaurant, free internet service, very clean and of high standards. Staff are very friendly and warming. Rooms are very clean and would mark them the best! We went for our 1st Anniversary and decided to be adventureous..Best to get Tram into Central station which costs about 3.80 euros one way and then walk from the Station to the hotel which is only a 10 min walk. The Hotel is situated by the canal on Rusland and when asking for directions the street is pronounced Rooshland!!! the Red light district area is 2min walk from the hotel along the canal and Rembrandtplein is a 10Min walk in the opposite direction, thats were you will find alot of bars, clubs, restaurants etc.... Be aware the bars are open until 12pm and clubbing does open from about 9pm but does not kick off until 12pm, and are open until 6am. Good restaurant to eat at is the Ghandi if you like Indian a meal for 2 is abt 60 euros, or just grab a pizza for 4 euros.Bars are good in Rembrandplein near the Schipol hotel. and there is a good club there called the VJ.Leidesplein however is futhur out and to get there is around 7.50euros and coming back home anything upto 20 euors.Leidesplein is were all the major clubs are and eating out etcc... Jimmy Woo is a good club, Zebra, Or even better the Paradiso!!!Cab back to the Aiport can be expensive upto 50Euros!!!Enjoy.......  
<Date>Jan 23, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>twiggy-and-gin
<Content>Mixed feeling!! A group of 7 of us stayed in the radisson for a weekend recently. The hotel had many different advantages and disadvantages. The hotel itself is beautiful with great, friendly staff who are always willing to help. Beautiful rooms and bathrooms and the lobby is great. The location of the hotel is quite good. It is about 3 minutes from the red light district but far enough to be out of the way if you don't want to go near it. It is also about a five minute walk from Rokin/Damrak. Overall the hotel was quite disappointing. It was simply too expensive for what you got. The rooms were nice, yes, but for half the price you could still get a lovely room in any adjacent hotel. We had a drink at the bar one night and a double southern comfort and lime cost me 15 euros! Unbelieve considering it comes from the same factory as the southern comfort I would pay 拢5 for at home....!! Proceed if you have a fortune to spend...!  
<Date>Jan 21, 2008
<Rating>4	2	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>travelbug2727
<Content>My most favorite place! My friend and I had just had a crazy 3 days in Paris and a serene couple days in Norwich...then we ended it with a big bang in Amsterdam....WOW! It is my new most favorite place ever! The hotel is in the best part of town...right on the side of the Red Light District and the coffee shops...I'll get to that later. We arrived at the Radisson and the room we had reserved wasn't ready, so they upgraded us to business class! NICE! By European standards, a large room with a large bathroom. But once again, we ran into the half shower door...something I'll never understand. The room was clean and comfortable. They had some normal tv during the downtime we all have to take when traveling abroad. We had a great view from our window. The street wasn鈥檛 noisy or busy...which is why is it such a gem...the next block down was were all the action started!Excited, we droped off our bags and go outside to look for a coffee shop and bingo...right there, The Rusland. Wow....what a great place, off the beaten path for most people, but right in front of our hotel for us...lucky us. :) Again, mellow, quaint and nice. We traveled everywhere around Amsterdam but between the best coffee shop and the hotel being there...that was our favorite place to be.As for the food, breakfast was included for us, it was great...cold and hot foods. As for dinner, I had a wonderful tuna steak...the best food I had since I had been on my trip.This is a great hotel and the people who work in it are just as pleasant and kind. When I go back Amsterdam, I will be going to the Radisson.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>tripper-TA
<Content>Downtown SAS Radisson excellent and well located All nicely in order : centrally located hotel, perfect room with lots of space, excellent breakfast, efficient and friendly reception staff.霉Would go there again when next in Amsterdam.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>frobnitz
<Content>Great location and service, would stay here again Pros:Decent sized roomRoom was very cleanGreat serviceGreat location for walking the central part of the cityQuiet street and roomsGood breakfast buffetFree wi-fiCons:A little pricey (we paid ~$325US per night)Breakfast is very expensive if you eat in the hotel (25鈧?per person)Interior atrium (and rooms facing inwards I'm guessing) can get pretty smoky, especially Friday-Saturday nightConcierge wasn't that knowledgeable about restaurants in the area, so take a dining guide with youDetails:Stayed at the end of November 2007 during a very cold spell. The location of the hotel was great since we could go back quickly when we were cold and tired of walking. Heated bathroom floor was a nice touch.The room was a good size for an urban hotel in Amsterdam and was nicely furnished. We had a room facing an alley in the back, so it was very quiet. Not much view from the 4th floor but that's not why we stayed here.I forgot my cell phone charger. They stocked a complete collection of chargers and loaned me one free of charge for the entire week. Service was always quick and friendly, unlike some other hotels in Amsterdam (e.g. Dorint by the airport).The smoking problem will go away in 2008 when they ban smoking there. In the meantime avoid rooms facing the atrium.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>VacationDude
<Content>Pro's  I'll keep it short here because frankly, there is not much to say. My wife and I stayed here 3 nights. The hotel overall is okay (3 out of 5 STARs) but since this was my 1st trip to Amsterdam, I don't have a frame of reference to other hotels in the area. I have traveled a bit however so here are my findings.Pro's: nice looking and clean lobby, front desk was helpful with directions the one time we asked, there are 3 coffee shops within a stone's throw if that suits you, the room was clean, bed comfy, heated bathroom tile floors, we did not have any foul bathroom odors as others reported, great location on quiet street but very close to the actionCon's: check-in guy was not too welcoming and I doubt he cracked a smile once (did he get a tip?), room was small, toiletries were skimpy, shower pressure not very good except handheld but it was mounted too low to shower with without using your hands (you'll see), small slippery shower/tub with no floor grip so be careful, t.v. reception was poor, lobby bar WAY overpriced!You probably won't spend much time in the room and neither did we. It was clean and had a comfy bed so it suited our needs just fine. However, for the equivalent of $290 USD per night this was not a good value and I expected a bit more. Oh well...Amsterdam is on the Euro and the U.S. dollar has taken a beating so be prepared if you are from the U.S.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	2	3	-1	

<Author>nancenet70
<Content>Yet another great stay My 2nd stay here. I arrived early and was checked in to a room that we weren't happy with, so they made every effort to make our stay perfect. We were moved to a better room (the best available during a very booked weekend), and front desk employee even went with us to view it to make sure we were happy. We were treated like VIP's even though we were paying regular rates.The concierge was helpful all weekend, with maps, directions, calling taxis etc.The hotel itself - our room was in main part, last year we stayed across the street in renovated part and room was MUCH bigger.Not to be petty, but the toiletries were not up to my expectations, I stay in many Radissons so I expected the same shower gel and shampoo you usually get so i didnt bring my own, but it has changed to a lesser more watery quality, unusable. And I missed the Qtips and the makeup remover cotton pads. Also the room service menu was very small, I guess they have limited the menu options? It was much better last year. The 24.50 charge for breakfast is also WAY overpriced. There should be a lower option for folks who would like to spend less.Overall, I will come back to this location yearly, but hopefully next time I will be able to get the room across the street.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>gana
<Content>No Surprise We have been my girlfriend and I many times to Amsterdam. It was our first experience at the RadissonFirst of all, the location. if you want to have a fast and nice overview of Amsterdam It cannot be better. The red light district is 5 min walk from the hotel but located in a quiet and lovely area, so you do not have to be afraid to be invaded by the tourists. We get to the Radisson by foot from the train station, it took 10/15mn.The Hotel lobby has a nice looking and seems to be newly renovatedNext is the staff. Really professional. Exactly what you expect from such a business hotel. The receptionist gave me a room at the first floor with a view on the street. I asked if I could have another one at an upper floor. She replied that the hotel was fully booked but to please me she will do her best to find me another one for the day after.In fact I kept my room. I was scared to suffer from the street noise. The double glazing and the quiet street where the hotel is located let us fall in a deep sleep.The room is clean, spacious with modern furniture and free wi-fi internet connection. I usually have problems when I travel to get used with the bed. This time I slept like a baby thanks to the firm but comfortable mattress. The icing on the cake is the rusland, just in front of the hotel (the amateurs will understand).The only criticism I could give is the food quality at the bar, we tried many different snacks, and believe me it鈥檚 not worthwhile.By the way let drop the hotel breakfast and run to 鈥淒E Bakkerswinkel鈥? It is 5/10mn walking. you will start your day with a smile hooked on your face.Have fun Amsterdam is magic!  
<Date>Nov 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>holmes-on-tour
<Content>very nice stay Stayed here on business. Arrived on Sunday night by cab from the central station. took about 15mins and 15 euros.Check in and checkout was no problem. Room was excellent (heated floor in the bathroom) and free wi-fi.Cabs ususally took about 10mins to arrive.Location, 5 mins walk from the red light distict, 10mins walk to Dam Square, and shops.Would recommend the steakhouse restaurant Gauchos, it was always busy, so if there is more than 4 of you at 8'oclock, you're best to make a reservation.Apart from breakfast, didn't eat in the hotel. No real reason other than we thought it'd be nice to eat out. I'd use this hotel again.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	3	4	4	

<Author>love2travel2
<Content>Great Stay with rocky start       Window  
<Date>Nov 1, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>UKDavidS
<Content>Lovely hotel A lovely hotel in the heart of everything but yet in a quite corner of the city. Very good service on reception, rooms well appointed with beds more than comfortable. If you don't know exactly where you are going I would recommend a taxi for your arrival e.g. from Central Station as it would be otherwise easy to get lost. Once there you will realise you are near to everything Amsterdam has to offer. This is now my first choice of where to stay in Amsterdam. I would recommened you go out for meals however, including breakfast as at the hotel food is a little pricey.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>virginian9
<Content>Exactly As Expected       Historic Building Within Hotel Atrium  
<Date>Oct 11, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>GT_Marketing
<Content>Short walk to Red Light but not in Red Light District Excellent location and Wireless Internet Access is included in the price of the room! Short walk to the Red Light District and the main town center, but on a quiet and upscale street. The only criticism that I have is that they allow smoking in the lobby 鈥?there is no way for a non-smoker to by pass the smoke in order to get to your room! They will hold your bags after you check out for free which is a nice service.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SeattleGoneTravelin
<Content>Great location, you really can walk to everything       Asian theme room  
<Date>Sep 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>anonymousfromlondon
<Content>very smart and professional hotel I stayed here on business. I was appreciative of the welcome check in upon arrival and the superb room I was given. The hotel is lovely, very modern, smart and comfortable. My only reservation as a single female traveller was it is around the corner from the red light district but as long as you arrive in a cab as I did it is excellent. I would definately stay there again  
<Date>Sep 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Philip6974
<Content>Fantastic location It's in a quiet street in the centre of Amsterdam, which is good news if you're a light sleeper like myself. The room was a little bit small, but not overly-so. I had a fantastic view of the city, being on the 6th floor, which is the top floor. The restaurant was suprisingly fantastic, I didn't expect that standard from a hotel restaurant - try the lychee caviar! The staff are all very nice and courteous, as are all the Dutch people in general. I recommend this hotel whole-heartedly.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>15may06
<Content>In the heart of Red Light District Was here on business. This hotel is located in the middle of the red light district but it was one turn away hence it was quite quiet. It is easy to get around the city centre due to its location.Check-in was straightforward. We were given a room in the current block but as we got into the room, it stank of smoke. Returned to reception and was given another room straight away without any fuss. The room was now located across the road but easily approached via the underpass as part of the hotel. The room itself had furniture that was looked dated but it was clean. The all marble bathroom had a terrible drain smell. That was easily rectified by putting the wastepaper bin over the little drain. The restaurants served good quality food and service was good. Meeting rooms were adequate and well catered for. Overall, comfortable and adequate.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	3	3	4	

<Author>RossyFan
<Content>Nice Hotel, good location I would recommend this hotel, the location is excellent, within easy walking distance of most major attractions. The room was nice, spacious and modern and the service excellent. Our airport shuttle bus, booked via the hotel, failed to show on our last day but once we'd mentioned it to the front office staff a private taxi arrived within minutes and took us directly to the airport. Breakfast was OK although I have to say that despite a sign offering to cook omlettes, there never seem to be anyone around to do it. I also expected freshly cooked pancakes rather than help yourself mini ones which looked as though they'd been hanging around for a while.There is a nice relaxing bar on the ground floor which is a good place for a nightcap. All that apart, here are some recommendations in the area:-Kapitein Zeppos in a little alley off Grimburgwal-great international food. Spanish tapas, Belgium mussels, lamb tagine and terrific fish mousse. The place itself has a lovely old fashioned feel. The waiter service was impeccable and the food faultless.Museum Amstelkring, 40 Oudezijds Voorburgwal. There's a hidden church here in the loft conversion. Fascinating place.Dutch Resistance Museum on Plantage Kerklaan (near the zoo). A gem of a museum which deserves more than the 150 or so customers I was told they receive in an average day. The Brouwhuis, 6-8 Klovenierburgwal-excellent white and blonde beers brewed on the premises. The food looked OK as well although we didn't get round to trying it.Hope this helps.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>JackyLondon_UK
<Content>Great hotel We stayed at the Radisson for 3 days last week (7th/8th/9th August) and found it really good. The room we had was lovely, wooden floorboards, nice big bed and well laid out. The staff were good and nothing was too much. One tiny point was there didn't seem to be a lot of drawer space if you were staying for more than a few days.I personally thought the lobby was very nice, atruim style with hugh glass windows - lovely and bright.I would definately come back to Amsterdam and stay at this Radisson hotel.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>bax52
<Content>Jaded and tired Although the location is excellent there are far nicer options in Amsterdam than this hotel. The rooms are tired and jaded and the lobby is very odd. Didnt enjoy sitting in the lobby as its stuffy and humid like a big greenhouse.Its on ok hotel. Quite bland we thought. The Concierge though is first class and couldnt do enough to help. Thanks  
<Date>Aug 11, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	2	5	5	3	

<Author>Fenlander1
<Content>Great Hotel       Very comfortable bed  
<Date>Aug 4, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Lou78
<Content>Perfect Got back a few days ago from an excellent stay at the Rad SAS Amsterdam. It does everything is says on the tin, true it does not have the boutique hotel appeal (something we often prefer) but after a few disappointments on recent trips to boutique style hotels we opted for the Radisson.We got an amazing rate 拢326.00 twin, deluxe, with breakfast all taxes included. It took a while to find such a good rate but it was well worth the search.Location, location, location in an upmarket street right near the Niewmarket (5 min walk).Canal boat hop on hop off (starts from the Central Station) great value and really good fun.Buy tickets for all the museums in advance on the net (they allow you to queue jump), it is really hard to get tickets that let you jump all the queues when you are there and trust me with so much to see you do not want to waste your time in long queues. Evenings cool at the moment so pack warm.The Bird Thai restaurant was the best we eat in, loads of food, really yummy and fast (everywhere else was very slow)  service with a smileThe room was more spacious than we expected with plenty of hanging space. We had an arm chair  coffee table in a bay window, twin beds pushed together (so it felt like a big superking) plenty of lighting options, huge desk  mirror and the standard Radisson grey marble bathroom with shower over bath. We had a great street view directly opposite the lovely Coffee Shop Rusland (one of the best in the area). Air con was effective and very, very quiet. Beds were super comfy and lots of big squashy pillows. Breakfast was amazing, loads of fresh fruit, breads, cereals, juices and loads of cooked items. Coffee was fresh and plentiful.All the staff we so helpful and friendly something I think is hard to find these days.The bar looked nice but we never tried it and the lobby was ok not as grand as some hotels we have stayed in this class but you don鈥檛 spend much time in the lobby do you?! I also felt it was a real shame that they had not worked with the old buildings they had a little better rather than making it look like a (60's/70's) new build in parts. Hated the smoke everywhere thing but it was no smoking at breakfast and we had a non smoking room so it did not cause us much of a problem. All in all a great choice and would definitely recommend to others :-)  
<Date>Jul 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>dazcrouch
<Content>Excellent Hotel This was an excellent and well maintained hotel. What I would expect from such a large chain. There was in house parking, which was convenient, the staff were very helpful and made the stay a good one.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>6DIVE
<Content>noisy room nice roome, but we ask for a quiet one, and all day long, even the morning of our departure at 8, there was a terrible noise from drilling. the floor was being renovated and though the hotel was not fully booked, we had a room in the same place where the floor was renovated. very hard to be waked up by a drill at 8am.We won't return to this hotel despite a wonderfull breakfast. during checking out, the intern just appologize and did nothing for us. A note in the room from the Gm says guests are invited if they are not satisfied... the front office manager could apply the chain policy...not for us.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	4	4	3	-1	-1	

<Author>fluff34567
<Content>nice hotel nice hotel, far enough away from the drunk english crowds so is quiet - but only a 5 minute walk to the red light area and other main attractions. rooms were clean and bathroom of a good size, hotel service/decor was very good also. enjoyed the sauna and fitness room - sauna is for max of 3-4 people though. in all a very pleseant stay and would happily stay there again.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>Moen
<Content>Great Hotel       Outside the hotel  
<Date>Jun 25, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DJSally
<Content>Radisson SAS Hotel The hotel is on a really pretty tree lined street and close enough to walk to Central Station and Dam Square. The lobby is pleasant, and comfortable with a comp coffee/tea machine. The breakfast buffet is around 21 Euro, but worth treating yourself to...absolutely wonderful! The room was clean and comfortable. The staff were very accommodating. Would definitely consider this hotel when I return to Amsterdam!  
<Date>Jun 6, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KK78
<Content>Clean and Convenient My husband and I stayed at the Radisson SAS in Amsterdam from 2-4 June. We arrived very early on 2 June, but were able to get early check in. The room was clean and big. We had a view of inside the hotel atrium, which was cool. The room had a minibar (although I would recommend purchasing beer/soda/water outside the hotel as the prices were a little above average), kettle with coffee/tea, iron and ironing board, safe, and the bathroom has shampoos/soap/body wash and a blowdryer. The employees were also very helpful with local information. We ate breakfast one morning at the hotel for 鈧?5 for two people, but there was a big buffet selection of omelets, eggs, breads, pastries, cheeses, meats and sides, etc. We also ordered room service one night (again, the prices a little above average), but the food was good and the service was pretty quick.The hotel location was very convenient and in a good, safe area. It was close enough to walk everywhere, we didn't use the tram once, but then again we had excellent weather. It's a few blocks from the Red Light District and Dam Square, but far enough that it wasn't a touristy area. There's also a coffeehouse right across the street.We found an excellent traditional Dutch restaurant, Claes Claesz, near the Anne Frank House. Much better than the highly recommended D'Vijff Vlieghen and half the price for better food, plus on the weekend they have an excellent piano player. Also, make a visit to the Pancake Bakery!Overall I would recommend this hotel even though it is a little pricey, but for me the location, cleanliness and friendliness of the hotel staff were far more important than the price.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jillybeansan
<Content>Nice Stay at the Radisson SAS We had a pleasant stay at the Radisson. The hotel staff were friendly and quite helpful. The rooms were of adequate size. The hotel is located just a couple of blocks from Dam Square and one block from the Red Light District -- just to give you a point of reference! The breakfast buffet was quite good as compared to your average breakfast buffet. We would recommend the hotel.  
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>angelee
<Content>Perfect... Luxury but still very up to date        the sign outside  
<Date>May 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>PrivyChamber
<Content>comfortable and quiet This was a last minute trip, so I had no time to delve into Amsterdam鈥檚 boutique hotels and decided to go with an American style chain. We were not disappointed. The Radisson is a nice hotel with a courteous staff. They made arrangements for cabs, placed reservations, and handed out maps with a smile. Even though the service was impersonal, it was excellent. The room was large, clean, comfortable and in good repair. The closet was larger than most with adequate space. The bathroom was marble and the gently heated floor was great. The shower was a wall mounted American style. A hand held is also available. The bed was a true king and very comfortable with a down comforter. The only gripe I had was the lack of a top sheet. At first we thought it was an oversight by housekeeping. By night three there still was no top sheet. You may have to ask for one. The in-room coffee is no charge although it鈥檚 instant. The mini-bar is pressure sensitive meaning if an item is picked up, it鈥檚 automatically charged to the room. Wifi unlimited internet access is included with the room rate and it鈥檚 easy to sign on.The location of the hotel is walking distance to most sites in Amsterdam. Numerous restaurants and shops are close by and there is one coffee shop right across the street.I recommend this hotel.Tips: Taxi cabs are reasonably priced (for a major city)The bicycles are everywhere, kind of like China. They don鈥檛 like to slow down for pedestrians. Watch for bikes first, then cars and busses, then the tram.Money changing at the train station offers reasonable rates without excessive commissions and fees.Some shops and restaurants require customers to ring the bell for entry. If the door is locked, check for a doorbell.The people are friendly and for the most part speak excellent English.Holland is a permissive society. If you have problems with cigarette smoke, prostitution, or marijuana, go elsewhere. Smoking is allowed in most restaurants and public places. There are no designated sections.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Sharkattacks
<Content>Good location Came back form this hotel last Sunday. I would not rate this hotel as a 5 star. It is a nice hotel and in a quiet location close to plenty of action. We got a deluxe room which was tiny. Excellent hot and cold buffet style breakfast. We paid 鈧?50 for a room for 2 nights which wasn't too bad so no problem with value for money but just don't expect a seruisly luxury 5 star hotel.Excellent Coffee shop across the road!  
<Date>Apr 10, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>tg13
<Content>Loved this hotel and staff Hotel is in excellent location not on top of everything . It is located between red light and flower market so easy to see all the sights by walking just make sure you take flat shoes!!The hotel staff were very helpful and went out of their way to help us. The rooms were clean and tidy and the beds were lovely and soft. Got to say that this hotel was great value for the money and I would go back again.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>Maytraveller24
<Content>Excellent Hotel!!! Excellent Hotel. Reception staff were exceptional especially jeffrey,as were the breakfast staff. Perfect Location.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>AdventuresInEurope
<Content>A nice hotel in the city center       Big D in Amsterdam  
<Date>Mar 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	3	

<Author>Hawk9031
<Content>An interesting hotel... I have mixed feelings about this hotel. After spending nearly an hour and a half trying to find it (the directions the hotel offers are ridiculously nondescript,) I ended up pleasantly surprised with the location. On Rusland, right across the street from a fairly famous coffeeshop sharing the same name, the Radisson is right in the middle of central Amsterdam but somehow just tucked away conveniently enough to make you feel as though you are in a much quieter and distant area of the city. The Red Light District is less than a 5 minute walk, Dam Square and the Damrak 10 minutes ... of course, everything is much quicker on bicycle (and there is a perfect place to lock-up right across the street.)As mentioned by another reviewer I had no problems with an extremely early check-in (around 9AM), and although my room was somewhat less than what I've come to expect from the SAS brand, it was still bigger than most in Amsterdam. The beds were extremely comfortable and clean, mini-bar well stocked, and hotel relatively absorbent of noise. There was a great deal of late night traffic throughout the hotel, though.My only complaint would have to be the staff... oozing with faux cordiality to the point where it made you uncomfortable to walk through the lobby. The concierge was a joke and more interested in a tip than actually providing any information of substance. All in all I would definitely consider staying here again, although if you are willing to spend a little more the Hilton Amsterdam is the far superior of the two.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2007
<Rating>3	2	4	5	4	5	2	5	

<Author>sombochris
<Content>Oasis in Amsterdam This is the third time I have stayed at the Radisson. As Ususal service was very courteous and efficient. The reception area appears to be situated in an enclosed Amsterdam street, a massive glass covering encloses the central portion. This gives the central focus of the hotel a very spacious feel and affords the visitor a pleasant break from the almost persistant rain. The hotel feels like a safe minuture town, quite a contrast to much of Amsterdam. The bar has a crows nest, remember you have to come down again!!!!!Bedrooms:- we got a Business suite and an adjoining room, for the 3 Kids. Electric roller blinds are more fun than any gameboy advance. No breakfast was included, we paid the hotel direct. Good location with pleanty of excellent restaurants a short walk away. Though it was in the University area the behaviour of the students was exemplary. From Previous experience, it's always best to upgrade as you won't be disappointed. All hotels in Amsterdam are pricey anyway, you get what you pay for.Will use it again  
<Date>Feb 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>LeicesterDaisy
<Content>Great hotel Spent Saturday night at the hotel. It was one of the few hotels in Amsterdam that offered a third bed in the hotelroom for our daughter. Good quiet location. Easy check in. Very comfortable room (business class offered free movies, dressing gowns, coffee machine, one free drink at the bar etc). Hotel very clean and tidy. Excellent breakfast - lots of hot and cold selections (not all room rates include breakfast so watch out). Highly recommended.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Waterbabie
<Content>Excellent hotel and the most comfortable mattress! Last weekend my partner and I and another couple went to Amsterdam for the weekend.As the accommodation had been taken care of by the guys I was a bit weary!However, I was very happy to find that we were staying at the Radisson. This was the first time I've ever stayed at this chain and it was a great experience. Service was good, the hotel bar was a cool venue (although lacking a bit of atmosphere), and the rooms were fantastic!I think my partner and I had the best sleep we've had in years! We were in the deluxe room and the bed was huge but amazingly comfortable! I would go back again just to sleep on that mattress!The hotel was in a very central location only about a 5-10 minute walk to the Dam and about 15 mintues to Anne Frank's House.I highly recommend a stay here at this hotel!It was also very good value for money - the price was 106 GBP but through a friend we were able to get a corporate discount.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jo-Dee67
<Content>Nice hotel - service a bit poor My husband and I plus 2 other couples have just returned from a weekend in Amsterdam. We booked the city break with Expedia and got a good deal at the Radisson. The hotels location is great, it's only about 10 minute's walk from the Central train station on a quiet side street and in walking distance to all the sights.On arrival we were all offered an upgrade to a business suite for an extra 50 Euros per night, this included breakfast, free movies and a newspaper. We all took the deal but on arrival in the room my husband and I were very disappointed, the room was no bigger than a standard hotel room and no where near what could be desbribed as a 'suite'. I went to reception to complain, the gentleman was helpful and explained that the buiness suites aren't really suites just a little bit larger than the standard room but they included the extra breakfast etc. I said that I felt we had been given false information and this should have been clearly explained when we checked in. The duty manager came over and apologised and said ' in this case we will not charge you the extra and have a good stay with us'. The next morning we went down to breakfast to meet our friends, on arrival at the dining room we were told that breakfast was not included in our package, I expalined we had upgraded and the waiter went off to investgate. He brought back another duty manager, I explained what had happended the night before. He said that he would have to call his colleague at home who had agreed this as he had no record of it. At this stage I was not only embarrased as other diners watched what has happening but annoyed at the lack of organisation. My husband asked could we join our friends who were dining which they allowed us to do. During breakfast the manager came over and said that when we had been told no charge the day before that mean't just for the room and that they had taken away the extras and this had been explained to us fully. I was pretty annoyed at this as all we were told is they wouldn't charge us, no mention of taking away the breakfast or newspapers. After breakfast the manager said that he would not change us for breakfast that day and as compensation they woud move us to a deluxe room ( at 50 euros a night) which would include the extras. My husband and I although not entirely happy didn't want this episode to spoil our weekend so agreed to the additional charge providing that the room was as they descibed . The room this time was what we had expcected, and was much larger than the standard or business rooms. and I was happy to pay an additional charge for a room of this size.Although non of this spoilt our weekend, Amsterdam was fantastic, it wasn't the best service we had ever had and I would have expected better service from a hotel of this size and class. On departure when we came to pay the bill it arrived with drinks on from the bar on that we hadn't ordered, although they removed these straight away when we questioned it . Good points about the hotel are the location and the food was excellent at breakfast . If I were to go to Amsterdam again I sadly wouldn't choose the Radisson.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2007
<Rating>3	4	2	4	4	3	2	4	

<Author>pwoconnor
<Content>A very happy stay!       nice and functional room  
<Date>Jan 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>Marko76
<Content>Excellent Although we stayed over a year ago, I can still remember this hotel very well. Firstly, it was not the cheapest place to stay in Amsterdam, but since we had such a great stay, we shouldn't complainThe location of the hotel is superb and within walking distance to many major attractions. Whether you want to visit the Museums, wander along a canal, visit the Palace or smoke a large joint then this hotel is in the perfect position.The Reception / Restaurant / Housekeeping staff were friendly and helpful and the breakfast was very good (Although very busy). The housekeeping is to a very high standard.I would stay at the Radisson SAS Amsterdam on another visit to the city.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>DesG
<Content>Nice Hotel in a quiet location Spent 3 nights in this hotel. Cannot fault it. Close to all the best attractions. Did not eat in the hotel so I cannot comment on the restaurant. Nice and friendly staff. Had to ask for our room to be cleaned on the second day but this was done as soon as we asked. Its about time the rest of Europe copped on to themselves and banned smoking in restaurants and hotel lobbies for a start. Apart from this Amsterdam is a great place to visit.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	3	4	4	2	-1	

<Author>EilyV
<Content>Just what we needed! Arrived earlier than check-in allows but they had a lovely room ready for us. It was on the 6th floor and perfect for our needs. Clean, comfortable and well equipped with TV, mini bar etc. No much character but we didn't plan on being there too much. The hotel is in a great location. A quiet street just minutes from all the action. We never used a taxi in all the time that we were there which is a first for me!There is a lovely Thai restaurant called Song Wae on just around the corner from the hotel. It's very cheap and the food is amazing. Big portions and fast service. Great for people on the go! We didn't eat in the hotel at all as there are too many restaurants to choose from in the city. The candlelight cruise [--]) is excellent. Unlimited wine and cheese in a lovely romantic setting. it is a must to see the city by night.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2006
<Rating>5	3	4	5	5	5	3	3	

<Author>Traveling-Don
<Content>Perfect hotel in a perfect location Our visit to Holland was our 12th trip to Europe and finding a hotel in Amsterdam meeting our fussy criteria was unusually difficult. We wanted an air conditioned hotel in a central location which would be somewhat expensive but still affordable. The Radisson SAS Hotel, a modern atrium hotel miraculously created from several canal homes met all our requirements for a wonderful 4 night stay. We never were disturbed by any noise, the room was richly decorated, and the huge buffet breakfasts were memorable feasts. The hotel was close enough to Central Station that my wife and I (we're in our 70's) several times walked to and from the station. There are two tram lines within a 5-10 minute walk that took us to the museum district and to the Anne Frank House rapidly and inexpensively. The Radisson SAS is a short walk to attractions such as the Red Light District, The Dam, the Flower Market, New Market as well as ancient churches and great restaurants. A senior ctizen package gave us an affordable rate with the breakfasts included. A GREAT HOTEL with a very helpful staff.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>SPsquared
<Content>Superb, well worth it. Not the cheapest place to stay in Amsterdam but almost impossible to fault and worth every penny. Location in the centre, walking distance to everything but in a quiet street so it also feels relaxing. Stunning public areas (modern plus refurbished old buildings), without being overpowering. Rooms maybe a little on the small side but wonderfully furnished. Staff universally friendly and helpful; breakfast fantastic (vast choice) and bar (in the oldest bit of the building) really atmospheric, esp. by hotel bar standards. Only downside is maybe the restaurant - lacks atmosphere (and customers) in the evenings; there are many better and cheaper places to eat nearby.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>littlemiss_h
<Content>Great location, great breakfast This is a fantastic hotel. I stayed their for my hen wkend. The rooms are of superb standard and the breakfasts fantastic. At the weekend they extend the time to 11.30am, which is great if you have a late night and regardless of whether you have breakfast at 8am or 11am the selection is extensive and very tasty! Would definitely return.We felt that the location was brillant. In easy walking distance of the main attractions, but tucked away enough so you weren't woken up by the busy streets in the morning.We asked the reception about getting about and good places to eat, drink and party! and they were spot on every time.Would recommend to everyone.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	-1	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Jerri_Blank
<Content>Mediocre but well-located The room was small, and had a terrible view of other people's windows - adjacent apartment windows. The hotel is in a convenient location, walkable to many interesting things. So for convenience, it is great. The room has older decor, old furniture.I wouldn't stay there again, but it is not terrible. I do not see why so many people give it a 5-rating, it's nothing special. Mediocre at best.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	4	4	3	3	1	

<Author>PurpleGirl1
<Content>Get an Expedia deal and it's well worth it! Went with another couple in August - their room overlooked the inner courtyard / zen garden and apparently was very pleasant. Ours was on the 3rd floor with old original beams - it was lovely! Ask for room 326! Simple, practical and very very clean. Staff were friendly enough at check-in / out but we didn't really have anything to do with staff apart from that. I would say - put your 'Do Not Disturb' sign on unless you are up and about early... they will keep knocking!! FABULOUS location - so central but still peaceful. Takes about 10-15 mins gentle walk to / from Centraal Station.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>OJE
<Content>Good Hotel Central Location My husband and I visited Amsterdam at the begining of August.We chose the Radison because we wanted acomfortable hotel.We were not disappointed.The room was a deluxe double and was indeed very comfortable. The bed was brill, 2 single mattresses together so there was plenty of room. A great nights sleep! There was a good selection of hot food at breakfast along with cereals ,fresh fruit ,pastries and continental food.The freshly squeezed orange juice was to die for.!!!!!!Word of advice.Book the hotel direct we saved ' hundreds of pounds' over the 2 night stay .Also unless you`re going on a stag or hen weekend don`t go over weekend days ie Fri or Sat. In places it is very rough with big groups of drunken yobs.The Monday we went home ,there was a completely different atmosphere in the city.It was as if the locals had come out of hiding!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Amsterdam is certainly worth a visit. The red light district has to be seen to be believed.!!!!!!!!! Jane  Simon Harrogate.Aug `06.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>two_viajeros
<Content>Not what you expect from a 5 star hotel The rooms were alright and as mentioned in prior reviews a bit simple but practical. What really bothered us were the worn out beds, if you like really firm beds this is not the place to stay. After having stayed in many top hotels and also cheaper hotels we must say we were disapointed. (back pain in the morning)The check in went really well and the staff was friendly although not really enthusiastic. The main issue was the concierge, if you can really call him so. He did not know any restaurants that were not around the hotel. After asking him about some good ones (like the Altman) he just said Yea, but we have some really good ones around the hotel, you do not need to go so far. The question was not really location but rather a nice restaurant were we could enjoy dinner. On other occasions when we called from the room he just told us to get down to the lobby so he could explain since it was easier than explaining on the phone. I am sorry but that is no 5 star service.On two occasions we asked for more coffee for the coffee mashine in the room and it took over 20 minutes and two calls to get them to our room. They even came twice after we called again.All in all it was alright but we expected more from a 5 star hotel. If you do not care so much about personal service and care about location this is definitely the place to stay.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2006
<Rating>3	2	2	5	3	4	3	2	

<Author>sandra_flitwick
<Content>Perfect!! My husband and I have just (reluctantly) returned from Amsterdam. We had a fabulous time, mainly because the Radisson was excellent. It really is worth going for a bit of luxury in Amsterdam, as some of the lower starred hotels are a bit grim.Location: The hotel is a short walk from Central Station and Dam Square. The area itself is fairly quiet, but very convenient for all the major attractions. There is also a shuttle bus from the airport which costs 12 euros. We walked everywhere, as it was so convenient. There is a bus-boat service which stops at the main museums and sights. Tickets are valid for 24 hours and cost 17 euros. The last trip is at 21.00, which, if its dark by then, is a lovely trip.Check -in. This was the most efficient service I've ever experienced. No waiting in long queues, even though the hotel was very busy. We were upgraded to business class and given a free bottle of red wine, which was a lovely surprise. The staff are really friendly, efficient and attentive.The Room: We were given an upgrade to a Business room. My first impression was that the room was a little basic, but everything is hidden away very cleverly. The decor is modern wood, and each room has a subtle theme; ours was maritime.The rooms have an iron, ironing board, safe, dressing gowns, slippers, icebucket, mini-bar, wi-fi, broadband, and an excellent tea and coffee maker and hairdryer. The air conditioning was quiet and worked well. The rooms were spotlessly clean and well maintained.Dining: Breakfast in the main restaurant was excellent. There is a full selection of cooked breakfasts and chef can prepare an omlette. There is also a good selection of healthy options such as cererals, pastries. yoghurts etc. Freshly squeezed orange juice was always available. I highly recommend the restaurant for an evening meal. The service and food were exceptional and it was a real fine dining experience. They have a salad menu, healthy options and a la carte. Bread rolls are served with a selection of sun-dried tomato, olive oil, balsamic vinegar and lightly salted butter. The wine list was also excellent. Because of this, the restaurant is very popular, so it may be worth booking ahead. Overall, I would highly recommend this hotel, we will definitely be returning.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>widgey77
<Content>Great Hotel - recommended Just got back from a lovely weekend break in Amsterdam, and would definitely use the Radisson SAS Amsterdam again. We had a non smoking room (no.515) which was classed as a 'deluxe' non-smoking room which had a window overlooking the lobby area. The room was a good size with kingsized bed (very comfy), and a well appointed bathroom - very pleased.We were on room only basis but there are tea  coffee making facilities in the room, and air-con which was a must for the very hot weather we are all enjoying this year. Other facilities in the room included: hairdryer, iron, trouser press, satellite tv, mini bar, free broadband (wifi) and room service 24 hours.The Pastorie Bar, which opens at 5pm, is located in the old vicarage just off the lobby and this is a very elegant place to enjoy a drink and snack. The cocktails are expensive though at 12Euros each.We dined in the De Palmboom restaurant on our last evening, very nicely decorated in neutral colours and offers a very pleasing menu with specials avaialble which were a selection of summer salads. This was probably our best meal so would recommend to those who enjoy an evening of fine dining.Location of the hotel is perfect - within 5mins walk of the red light district and about 10mins to Dam Square.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Mkeyl
<Content>Met our expectations. We stayed for three nights to celebrate our son and daughters university graduations, we were well pleased with our choice. The Radisson is in a great location easily accessible by a short walk over some delightful canals and side streets for the Dam Square and Rembrandtplein areas.Okay, you know you are staying in a hotel which is part of a large world wide chain but with it you get reliablility and consistant high standards.Our deluxe rooms on the fifth floor were spacious, furnished with quality fixtures and enormous beds.The leisure centre is tucked away and somewhat un-inviting, reception and check out were efficient and friendly, the breakfast buffet has tremendous variety and the staff are friendly and helpful. It was a pleasure to return each night.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Comfortable stay The hotel is great.. We were given a buisness room which was both elegant and neat..The staff was friendly and very helpful. Breakfast was tasty and variable. The location is convenient being in a sideway quiet street and still at a walking distance from the noisy Dam square. I recommend this hotel for everyone looking for comfort and relaxation.  
<Date>May 9, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>M_ALondon
<Content>Great Hotel We stayed here for a weekend and very much enjoyed this hotel. It has many great facilities and is in a good (and quiet) location. Rooms are nice and the lobby is very attractive.Breakfast was exceptional however a bit expensive at 鈧?2 each.I would probably stay here again if returning to Amsterdam.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Historic Radisson - Fabulous We have just returned from 2 nights in Amsterdam, staying at the fantastic SAS Radisson. The hotel is beautiful, mixing modern and historic architecture. There is a 16th century vicarage within the lobby of the hotel, and it is now used as a bar, it is luxurious but they have managed to keep the character of the old vicarage - well done for that. We were on the 2nd floor and had a fantastic room - every room has a theme and ours was Old Dutch, it was sumptuous and extremely comfortable. the service from the staff at the hotel was exceptional, nothing too much effort. Special mention goes to Marc Horsmans, Director of Sales, he was exceptional, treated us magnificently. The Dutch are extremely polite, curteous people and Marc was a great example of this. He couldn't do enough to make our stay there the wonderful experience it was.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>IanrJones10
<Content>Pretty good I quite liked this hotel. I completely agree with one reviewer's comments about the hotel restaurant being busy at breakfast though, and at 22 Euros each for brekkie, it is not cheap.I stayed in a room facing the street, and there were no problems at all. The staff are friendly and helpful.Minor irritations are 1) Take anything out of the minibar, even to read the wrapper, and you will be charged automatically 2) Smoking is allowed in the foyer area. Plus points are 1) great location 2) great bar, with plenty of olde worlde atmosphere 3) friendly staff  
<Date>Mar 22, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>annekr
<Content>would definately return Just returned from a 2 night stay at the Radisson. Very central hotel. Stayed in a 'deluxe' room on 6th floor with views of the roof tops. These rooms are apparently smaller than the executive ones but were fine - spotless, comfortable, bathrobes etc. Rate did not include breakfast but at check in we were offered a deal to include it which we did.Tried to book a recommended restaurant one night but couldn't get in so concierge recommended and booked another which was within walking distance and great.Only complaint was the tobacco smoke in reception - but we found that to be a problem wherever we went in Amsterdam!  
<Date>Mar 22, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>3 star hotel pretending to be 5 star basd on food The worst hotel in Amsterdam, Just awful.Was in a suite, went to bed all of a sudden i can hear the toilet its broken and gushing out water every second, i call reception i get told they will come and look, this they did then informed me there is no 24 hour maintanace and the hotel is full and as such i would have to put up with the noise, it was unbareable, when i complained the next day i was informed that as there are so many hotels in Amsterdam i should maybe from now onn stay at one of the other hotels.... Lo and behold i now do a pathetic excuse for a hotel and a discredit to the Raddison brand, Avoid at all costs with so many TRUE 5 star hotels in town you can afford to miss this one, by the wayALL the rooms in the raddison have Sewer holes that make there bathrooms stink of waste.The reception staffare useless and rude the only good thing about the hotel is the food :)  
<Date>Mar 15, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>V0yager
<Content>Average hotel in good location Just stayed at the Radisson for 5 nights which incorporated a 3 night stay for business and a 2 night stay as a tourist. The hotels greatest asset is its great location in a nice quiet street close to the city centre. Everything you'd want to see as a tourist (museums, cafes, parks, churches etc) is within a 15 minute walk (maximum). As such you don鈥檛 need to worry about using trams or busses to get around.Unfortunately the rest of the hotel is pretty average. It's really a business hotel and as such has no real atmosphere and when you are in your room it feels like you could be anywhere. The rooms are of good size and they're clean and tidy. The staff were also polite and helpful.The only real complaint I would have is that the restaurant for this hotel is quite small in comparison for its size and as such it does get a bit hectic at breakfast time. The quality of the breakfast once you had found a table was good though.All in all, an average business type hotel saved by a great location.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>rhodeweary
<Content>Nice nough Stayed 3 nights in February. Rooms were available at 9am when we arrived, which was terrific. Free wireless internet, coffeemaker in the room, nicely appointed bath. Bed was decent, comfortable. Breakfast buffet was definitely a cut above. Location terrific. Good place - definitely has a 'business hotel' feel.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bella82
<Content>5* Hotel without a doubt!! I stayed at the Raddison with my boyfriend for 3 nights and we had a fantastic time. I work as a Conference Co-ordinator in a hotel in the UK and therefore I am really used to hotel life and I really couldn鈥檛 pick fault with the Raddison at all.Reception area, was very welcoming and friendly, very organised, the bar area off reception had lots of character - two nights after being out for the evening we ended up having are last drink of the evening there!! Our room was really large and spacious; the bathroom was gorgeous and so clean!!!! - housekeeping standards were excellent, they really did clean the room very well everyday, even to the extent where I did feel slightly sorry for the housekeeper, who had to keep moving all of my makeup to wipe the bathroom sink area and then replace it all very neatly!!The Restaurant was un-believably good, during our stay in Amsterdam we also visited Jamie Oliver鈥檚 Restaurant 15, but I do have to say that the hotels restaurant met the same quality, we had a delicious meal!!The location of the Radisson is also excellent, situated right by Dam Square - all of Amsterdam main attractions were only a stone's throw away!!I will definably be using Raddison Again - Very impressed - The Hotel staff there should be very proud  
<Date>Feb 22, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>sean-tKerryIreland
<Content>Worth checking out Stayed here with my wife for a two night midweek break. The reception area and lobby is unique and beautiful. Staff are efficent,friendly and helpful. Rooms are comfortable and clean. Housekeeping could have been a little more thorough on things like restocking up with shampoos,towels and teas and coffees etc. All in all a fine hotel in a great location. reasonably good value for money. If you can get a deal I would definately say go for it.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>AdyJ
<Content>Wonderful A fantastic hotel. Centrally located, yet in a very quiet area. The welcome from the reception staff was wonderful. The rooms are excellent and well maintained. This is definitely the place to stay in Amsterdam.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Dank U! Just got back from a weekend in Amsterdam. Radisson was lovely. Rooms weren't massive but they were very functional and comfortable, and little extras like a heated bathroom floor, and bathrobe and slippers made all the difference. The staff were great (as was everyone in Amsterdam)- pleasant and helpful, but not in-your-face. Would definitely recommend.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very nice hotel My husband and I stayed at the Radisson SAS in Amsterdam on our honeymoon. We didn't really know how much our room rate was since it was paid for by someone else as a wedding present. But our room was decent. We requested a king or at least a double bed. and we were surprised to find 2 twins pushed together. We travelled to italy after visiting Amsterdam and it was the same thing, so I guess it is a European thing. The room was small. But we hardly stayed in the room except at night to sleep. So we didn't really mind. The shower and bathroom were very modern and well cleaned. The hotel is centrally located. We never took a cab or subway and was able to walk to all the major attractions. It is on a quiet street so noise level at night is not a problem. The one thing i noticed was a lack of concierge service. It seems like the people working the front desk were also doubling as concierge. nevertheless, they were very polite when we asked for maps, directions, and dining recommendations. I would stay here again.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Little Gem in Amsterdam the SAS Radisson Great location away from the crowds but central to everything. Clean, friendly great service. We up graded as we were there for a special occasion and the room was lovely not large but one of the best we have stayed in at a capital city. The food was outstanding they have fantasic stews! Pleanty to eat for breakfast with fresh orange juice from actual oranges. We will definatly go back. We loved Amserdam as well.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>nice hotel Stayed here four nights--nice hotel--wonderful location--facility is clean and up to date--lovely bar and lounge area constructed from a previously built 400 year old home--the food was above average for a hotel--one could argue that by US standards it is a four star not five star hotel but does it really matter--reasonable rates--not grand or showy but a nice comfortable place that I feel certain will please.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Carnoustietraveller
<Content>More 4 star than 5!       Reception and covered Courtyard area  
<Date>Dec 30, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>mistopheles
<Content>A lovely surprise... I stay in Amsterdam a lot with work and tend to stay at the Jolly Carlton, NH Doelen, NH City Centre and others; I've seen the SAS from the outside many times and always assumed it would be a dull corporate hotel full of sheltered elderly tourists. How wrong I was.I get a good rate through my company so throught I'd try it for a change, mostly because it's only a 3 min walk to my favourite area of the Niewmarkt (Newmarket) with its excellent Thai restaurants, chilled bars and coffee shops...and only 4 mins walk to Dam Square, 10 mins to Central Station and, if it's your cup of tea (it's not mine, but fun to see if you're a first time tourist I guess), one bridge away from the Red Light district.Anyway, as soon as you walk into the hotel you can tell it's something special. A huge (in European standards) 7 or 8 story atrium, a funky check-in area made up of 4 standalone reception 'lecturns' a great looking raised, dark and almost New York style bar and an overall feeling of Phillip Starke design (it isn't one of his though). I got room 51 which was cool too...you open your room door and immediately go down some curved steps down into your sunken room with exposed wooden beams, a big skylight above the bed for star gazing, a funky bathroom, plenty of space and a window overlooking the quiet street below (no canal views here I don't think). Oh and FREE wireless broadband connection in the room for guests too. You can also get rooms looking over the atrium with an inside view. I didn't eat there, but what I saw looked good. And the coffee shop over the road is one of the best I've found in the 'Dam (if that's you thing too) - good selection of special cakes and very friendly too.If you're looking for somewhere different in Amsterdam and can find a good rate (below 140 Euro) then you won't be disappointed with its style and location. A new fave of mine.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good for a weekend trip Excellent central location for a weekend in Amsterdam. Great breakfasts. Good reception staff - we arrived at 9am and they found us a room that was available for immediate check-in.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>G&JV
<Content>Fine Hotel The usual Radisson good quality. great service, delicious food and very comfortable rooms. Ideal location for central Amsterdam sightseeing.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>SteveFromBelsizePark
<Content>Very good - for Amsterdam Amsterdam hotels are not up to scratch compared to Paris or London or NYC. They lack grandeur, cleanliness, facilities and are poor value.But the Radisson is one of the best. I paid 199 euros a night off their website. Largish rooms. Bathrooms though are just acceptable for the price - not huge. The hotel is split in 2 parts so you have to walk across the indoor underpass if you are not in the main block.The bedroom was in neutral colours, had a decent sized TV, and good airconditioning - other hotels in Amsterdam can be unbearably hot.The bar and restaurant are excellent - for Amsterdam. Room service is very good indeed - a great burger and pizza and reasonably priced. No pool, but there is a sauna and small gymn.I lived in Amsterdam about 20 years ago and the city has become a haven for backpackers and 'cheap' tourists only really interested in the 'coffee shops'. And standards and clientele in many hotels and bars and restaurants reflect this now. But the Radisson is a haven from all that with largely business and up market tourists. Therefore, no slamming doors or noise at night. Location is very good, except it can feel a bit dodgy late at night walking back as it is off a side street near the red light district, so you do bump into a few unsavoury sorts.Overall, for Amsterdam, this is a modern, smart, calm and peaceful hotel. And represents good value for this city. Staff were great - friendly but unobtrusive. I will stay again. But I do think that the Crowne Plaza is that bit better because it has a pool, but is not as centrally located.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>psteve4
<Content>Radisson SAS Hotel - My favourite A'dam Hotel One of the best hotels in Amsterdam. Close to city centre and a 10 minute walk to centraal station. Try to get a room with a window that faces the inside of the hotel - sounds strange I know but when you see it you'll know what I mean. Great barmen, will get you anything you like! Food in restaurant is good but I always eat in the city as so much choice. Email me for further info as been to A'dam many many times!  
<Date>Oct 10, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location Great location - canals all around - walking distance to all the tourist sites - museums, restaurants, red light district, train station, etc etc. Nice mix of old and new architecture. Good service, tasty breakfast. Nice all around.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>CAGRAY
<Content>Great location between two canals My husband and I stayed at the Radisson for 4 nights before leaving on a cruise. When we pulled up to the hotel, I was sure we were in the wrong place, as the outside is not imposing like some hotels. But the lobby was very nice, with 3 check-in desks, a concierge desk and a small boutique. The staff in the lobby were extremely nice and helpful and even came up to the room to show us how to access the internet. There is also a bar and restaurant. We did not use the bar because of the heavy smell of smoke. We ate every morning in the restaurant(free because of the rooms we were in) and I would say it was the best breakfast buffet I have ever had the opportunity to eat in--the fresh orange juicer was fabulous! We ate dinner once at the restaurant at night. The food was outstanding and the service impeccable. Our rooms were in the building across from the building housing the lobby. To access them, one takes the elevator to the -1 floor, walk across a carpeted room, and take the elevator up. We were on the 4th floor. We had business rooms decorated in an Asian style. The rooms were smallish and the window sills were so high you couldn't see the street. Perhaps that was only true on the 4th floor. We only had one glitch and that was when a wedding party on our first night became too noisy on the floor above us. We were so exhausted from our trip that I fell asleep waiting for them to stop. The management agreed to move us, but it was quiet after that night. We would definitely stay at the Radisson again. It was within walking distance of the Dam Square and the Canal boats. We had Gassan Diamonds pick us up for a tour of their business which was free. We took cabs to the Rijks and Van Gogh museums and also to three restaurants in different parts of the city. One day we took a half-day tour of the working windmills outside of Amsterdam.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderfull Anniversary We stayed at this hotel on the 18th September for our second wedding anniversary I upgraded to an executive room which was out of this world everything you could think of you opened the door to a little landing with a small spiral stairs down to the enormous room with a sofa and two comfortable chairs and the biggest king size bed I've ever seen. Bath robes and slippers were there with an excellent mini bar even the T.V was on saying welcome Mr ***** . They even sent a complimentery bottle of wine up to us. A great Hotel not too far from the train station very friendly staff will visit again.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great - we are going back in 3 days Great great great.We are going back in 3 days (2nd time this year).  
<Date>Sep 19, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>SHarrell
<Content>Mixed feelings This hotel definately has mixed service. I have just returned from staying there from August 13th to the 16th. We had too rooms, one for my husband and myself and one for my husbands, grandmother, father and sister. The room that we had was nice and ready when we arrived at about 1:30 in the afternoon, at the front desk they assured us they would hurry to get the second room ready for the rest of the family. They did not have the room ready until after 5:00 and that was mainly because my husband went down to the desk and waited until they told him the room was finished. So much for hurrying.After that it was a fairly standard hotel stay until the last night. Early in the afternoon we noticed a horrible smell in their hall way. And it was stronger by the time we got back in the late afternoon from sightseeing. We let the desk know about the issue and were assured it would be taken care of so we went out to dinner. Needless to say after we returned the smell was still there and even worse. After several complaints to the desk the other half of my family was finally moved to another room at 11:30 in the evening. Not very good service, especially considering we all had to be up by 4:00 am to catch our flight.My husband and I had a nice stay at a hotel with a good location and the rest of my family had a horrible stay at a hotel with a nice location. They were not very happy at all. So depending on the luck of the draw you could have a good experience at this hotel or a bad one.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>MiaG
<Content>Good location without the noise My partner and I stayed at the Radisson for 2 nights 12-14 August 2005.We had a deluxe room on the 3rd floor (no.328) at the back of the hotel. The room was in character with the older parts of the building and had a beamed ceiling with four windows (2 low down and 2 up high into the ceiling). We had a queen size bed, two armchairs, a table, TV, bedside units, a desk and chair, fridge, safe, tea/coffee making facilities, smallish wardrobe and a disappointingly small marbled bathroom (although it was clean and fully functioning).The public rooms and restaurants in the hotel were lovely. The structure of the building and view down into the lobby from our floor was impressive. The central areas around reception were particularly good. These facilities I would rate 4 star however the room, although nice, was not deluxe or 4 star quality.. maybe a 3+The location of the hotel was good. Central (about 15 mins walk from the Centraal station) yet far enough away from the noise. We walked up to the Nieuwmarket area and all around the City with ease. We were also located quite close to the main shopping areas and within walking distance from the notorious red light district (one to avoid near to midnight if you don't like crowds of over enthusiastic men on stag nights!)The hotel restaurant was simply decorated. It was bright and slightly lacking in intimacy or atmosphere during the evening. Dinner in the hotel was excellent even bearing in mind the lack of atmostphere. My choice of sole with scallops and prawns on a bed of brown rice was delicious. The liquer coffee at the end rounded off a perfect gourmet treat.The same dining area was used for breakfast and at that time of day it didn't matter about the lack of ambience. Breakfast itself was good. Plenty of fresh fruit, pastries and cakes, bread/rolls, meat, cheeses, eggs, mushrooms, tomatoes, pancakes, potatoes etc. There was a fresh juice maker which made surreally zesty, refreshing orange juice right before your eyes. Although it took about 3 oranges to make a small glass it was excellent!The hotel bar was dark and atmospheric but extremely expensive. At check in I had one drink there and was charged over 24 Euro for it! It was even more expensive than the mini-bar in the room. Far too over priced for the hotel bar. Not the right way to encourage their guests to use it.Staff at the hotel were generally friendly and welcoming. There was a slight problem when we checked in but that was resolved instantly by the manager. If you wish to take advantage of the hotel transport to the airport you will need to book it 2 hours in advance. However, I'd recommend you get the train. For only 3.40 Euros each it's a bargain and the easiest way to ensure you don't miss check in. As it was only a short trip we didn't get time to try out the other hotel facilities (beauty salon, sauna etc).  
<Date>Aug 15, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Love This Hotel I have stayed at this hotel more than 6 times over the last 4 years and I have always been treated very well. One time my mother and 2 brothers met me in Amsterdam and I had a hard time finding them a room, it was August, anyway the SAS Manager upgraded my standard room to a JUNIOR SUITE for the same price as the cheapest room. They also provided us with extra bed for free so my brothers wouldn't have to sleep on the floor. That is beyond any expectation that I had, although I cannot remember the managers name, he wore glasses and was in his late 30's. I would recommend this hotel to anyone.Satisfied Bob  
<Date>Jul 29, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Emmos
<Content>Absolutely brilliant - everything Had a long weekend over 04/05 New Years with some girlfriends and we got a huge Executive Suite, which could sleep four. An absolutely huge bed, all the amenties you could want - minibar, iron, tea  coffee, cable TV, bathrobes, free newspaper, room service (which was v v yummy). Lovely fresh soft towels delivered everday. The staff were v friendly. The location is great - we were able to walk to the red light district and shopping district, also to the nightclub Escape where we spent NYE. The sauna was v relaxing too. The free breakfast was great - all you could eat, wide variety and perfect for a hungover stomach. Would definately stay there again.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>TheGreatWhiteWay
<Content>Bad Customer service and RUDE! After reading the reviews here, I was not expecting anything approaching 5 star quality and I did not get it. The room was clean and more like a 3-4 star quality. The services at the hotel were not exceptional but all this would have been fine as my expectations had been set low.However our last night in the hotel, we were informed there would be no water the following morning. The note simply said sorry and if guests wanted, they could go down to the front desk and ask for bottled water. (Am I alone in thinking that a hotel of any class, let alone five star, would automatically bring these to each room and place them in the bathroom?) Obviously I was not impressed with a hotel without running water and upon checkout I said I expected some form of compensation for my inconvenience as I had paid for a room with basic services which includes running water. At no point did I specify what compensation, just simply that I expected something. At this point, all they need have done is something token but, alas, that was not to be. I was told I would need to speak to the manager. I had to queue again to speak to a manager who basic attitude was, tough. He further said I should have told them the night before and they would have arranged alternative accomodation. Notwithstanding the inconvenience, this was not offered by the hotel. I persisted in asking for some type of compensation and reminded the manager of the hotel policy emblazoned on cards in the room of 100% satisfaction He scoffed at this and said it was too bad. Frustrated I said I would take up the issue later with Radisson. I then gave him my credit card to pay. He snarled at me and told me he didn't have a register there (3 feet from a register) and I would have to queue yet again. You would think he would have enough sense not to further exacerbate the situation. And for the record I was on crutches with impaired mobility. Shockingly rude and poor customer service combined with a mediocre property. Why stay there?  
<Date>Jul 19, 2005
<Rating>1	3	2	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>nib
<Content>Would stay again! My husband and I stayed at this hotel for a weekend and thought it was great. The room was spacious, bed comfy. I did feel that check-in was rather slow and breakfast had a bit of a crowded 'free-for-all' feel to it. Otherwise it was a good location, with good facilities. Would stay again.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2005
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Rude Staff Ruins Radisson Stay Myself and my boyfriend stayed in the Radisson on April 15th 2005. I made the booking on the Radisson website and the rate we received was charged in advance, it was deducted from my credit card before we actually stayed. On checking into the hotel they confirmed the bill had been prepaid. The hotel is in a great location, however the decor is very dated and doesn't compare well to other Radissons I have stayed in. On check out we gave our room number to the desk and he began to charge for the room, I explained it had already been paid in advance and as we had no extra's there was no charge. An exchange ensued and the clerk insisted unless I produce my credit card bill showing the debit he would charge my card. To cut a long story short the guy had looked up the wrong room number, and when he looked up the correct number he realised his error. Not that he was going to admit that or apologise. When I asked him was he going to apologise he refused, saying myself and my boyfriend had given him the wrong room number! I asked to speak to the manager he just pointed in the distance and I had to find him myself. If you want rude service then I'd recommend the Radisson in Amsterdam!  
<Date>Jul 15, 2005
<Rating>1	1	3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Nat89
<Content>Great hotel The location is great- you can walk to anywhere it's surprising how close you are to the center, even the red light district, without knowing it at all. The environment of the hotel was quite sophicicated but welcoming staff were really helpful and friendly. We never usually eat in the hotel we're staying in but after walking most of the city in the day we were tempted by the menu and succumed to eat at the hotel- it was really good! We got an upgrade to a business class room, this seemed quite common if they have the space and the room was comfortable, just didn't have quite enough lights for the evening so the room was a bit darker than I'd like it- big windows for the day time though.We came to the hotel partly as they were doing an offer, again this seems quite common for the weekends. I would definately recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Highly Recommended I only stayed one night, and this hotel provided everything I could ask for. I arrived very early and check in was no problem. The location is central to everything you would want to do in Amsterdam, but remains on a very quiet street. The staff was extremely curtious and knowledgeable. My room was very large, with high ceilings and huge bathroom (for Europe). Extremly pleasant stay, would recommed for all travellers.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>blazegeorgia
<Content>Great Hotel Stayed at the Radisson SAS in Amsterdam for one night on Saturday 4th June 2005 with my brother.Check-in went smoothly - very fast and efficient service. Only downside was people smoking in reception of the hotel but this seems to be the norm in the Netherlands.Hotel is ideally located, within a 5-10 minute walk from Amsterdam Central Station (which is around 10-15 minutes by rail from Schipol airport). Nearby attractions include Dam Square and several Canal Tours. Plenty of Bars, restaurants and shops nearby but location is far enough away from the hustle and bustle to be relaxing.Our twin deluxe room was ideal - non-smoking located on the fourth floor, very clean and modern. Room was a decent size and bed very comfortable and clean. Bathroom was excellent with a powerful, hot shower. A lack of English speaking tv channels in the room but didn't go on holiday to watch tv!Would definately stay again - the ideal getaway for a short break.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>pangola
<Content>perfect location, 3/4 star hotel       small bed  
<Date>May 10, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Enjoyed my stay at the SAS We stayed at the SAS Amsterdam April 21st for 3 nights. The Hotel is clean and modern (not charming). Check in was easy and the staff was pleasant. Our room was very clean and our beds were VERY comfortable.We had an obstructed view of a canal and were directly across from an office window, but that was not a big deal since we spent little time in the room during the day.My favorite thing about our room was the heated marble floor in the bathroom and the king size bath sheets. We did not eat breakfast at the hotel as it was a little pricey for us, instead we went to many of the nearby cafe's. The location was nice because it was in a quiet area, but I wouldn't brag about an excellent location as it isn't so central.A cab ride from Centraal Station was $10 Euros (10 minutes), so I wouldn't try to walk to the hotel if you have heavy luggage as other reviewers suggest.Overall a nice stay. I would stay here again, but would probably not pay more than $175 EU per night.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>georgianativeZ4
<Content>Great Location       View from our room #154  
<Date>Apr 20, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Hotel, Good Location Tend to agree with other reviewers. Would rate this hotel as a 4 star rather than 5 star.However, for the price we paid through their own web site, shouldn't really complain. Good location and friendly staff.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Albionfan
<Content>Good Value but not 5 star hotel Been to Amsterdam before, but not this hotel..pretty much agree with previous revue though.Me and my g/f went to Amsterdam 1 to 3rd April,and the hotel was just like a modern rep type of hotel found in England....NEVERTHELESS...at approx 拢100 per night per room the prices was not expensive(for Amsterdam) eitherIts a very good location...and the room was a Maritime style,but the bathroom was a bit pongy...(nothing to do with the cake  i ate!!!!Overall,we would stay there again at the price...just dont expect 5 star .....think 3 star and you will not be dissapointed  
<Date>Apr 4, 2005
<Rating>4	4	2	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not a 5 Star       Canals  
<Date>Mar 30, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>iloveholidays2006
<Content>Not 5 star or value for money We just returned from Amsterdam and I have to say this hotel was the worst part of the trip. The location was good (but eveywhere is within walking distance in Amsterdam) and the staff helpful, however this is nopthing like a 5* hotel. The room decor was like something from the 80's or possibly a cheap travel hotel that you find next to a motorway, and the bathroom was very worn and old looking. The complimentary toiletries were cheap and nasty, blending well with the room.We stayed in a superior double room overlooking the road which cost 拢106 and did not even include breakfast, all I felt was we were completley ripped off with this hotel, and I have to say I would not stay here again.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2005
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel My family and I were in Amsterdam for 3 days in August 2004. This hotel was very much worth the value.Since, walking was our main mode of transportation, we were very pleased with the location. We were able to walk from the train station to the hotel. And everything was so close to our hotel, we had not one complaint.Rooms were clean and comfortable. The bathroom were big enough for 2 to get ready in. And the indoor garden was a nice touch and good picture spot.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>One of the nicest hotels in Amsterdam The Radisson SAS is in an excellent location, close to shopping centres, the Anne Frank Haus and most of the other main sightseeing places. The rooms are all individually themed, ours was orientally themed, and the hotel was very modern and clean. The breakfast buffet was also excellent. It's just a shame about some other parts of Amsterdam!  
<Date>Jan 5, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>WicklowIreland
<Content>Definitely not a 5 star! Having seen all the glowing reviews on this site we decided to stay at the Radisson. The rate (from the Radisson website) for the room was very reasonable - in fact we couldn't believe we were getting such a good rate for a 5 star! The reason became obvious when we saw the room as it was definitely not 5 star quality. (If you want to see real 5 star quality stay in the Grand Marina in Barcelona)Our first room (yes, we had to move) was an average size but it overlooked the central atrium of the hotel. When you opened the window you were looking out over the foyer and all the smoke from the restaurant and bar drifted in. We had to keep the window shut and air conditioning on for the first night and woke up feeling very congested. The bed wasn't particularly comfortable and the bathroom had mould around the sealant on the bath. The toilet looked dirty and limescaley. As for the toiletries, I would agree with others that they were weird. The shower gels, soaps etc were all colourful liquids contained in little glass containers with peel away lids on them so they looked like little jars of jam or something. We asked to move room the next day to a room overlooking the street so that we could have fresh air. In fairness to the staff, they are really helpful and obliging and arranged this immediately. The next room was similar (ie mouldy bath sealant etc) but slightly smaller. There was a single duvet on the double bed. A very helpful maid sorted out that issue. The room was fairly noisy at night as there was a coffee shop across the road and also a bit of traffic. Having said that, at least we could breathe!The restaurant had beautiful food in the evenings and was very reasonable. Again the service was excellent. Breakfasts were a bit hit and miss - fresh orange juice but powdered scrambled egg? Location-wise the hotel is about 5 minutes walk away from Dam square. Most of Amsterdam is accessible on foot anyway so the location wasn't that important. To sum up this hotel: Aspects that were 5 star--friendliness and service of all of the staff-location pretty good-restaurant food was excellent-good bar service-good valueAspects that were not 5 star--Room size and comfort-Bathroom was run down and sealant was mouldy-Weird toiletries-no turn down service of the bed covers or changing of towels in the evening -health club was down in the basement and you could pass between the gents and ladies changing rooms internally as they were both linked to the unisex sauna. This makes it unsafe for a female to be in there on her own as someone could walk from the gents changing room into the ladies without having to walk out into the main exercise room first. Finally, I would just say that you get what you pay for, and I felt that the price was so good that we probably only really paid the level for a 3/4 star hotel, but that was in fact the standard that we got. If I had paid 5 star prices I would have been very disappointed, but as it turns out it was very reasonable.  
<Date>Dec 16, 2004
<Rating>3	5	2	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent location I spent in Radisson Sas a weekend this spring. Hotel has a great location, staff is friendly, breakfast excellent. Although I wouldn't rate it for a 5* hotel, more a 4*. I recommend it for its rates and location specially for a short stay in Amsterdam.  
<Date>Dec 16, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>screennamesaresilly
<Content>worthwhile I was surprised at how nice this hotel was, given the horrible experience I had at another hotel in Amsterdam that had the same star rating. It was really nice. Rooms were large by European standards, and the bathrooms had heated floors. Service was great, the hotel was clean--I'd definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great central location. Very safe neighborhood! Ignore the reviews about this hotel being in a seedy area. It is totally safe and a perfect central location (the only long walk you'll have is to the museum district and that's only like 20 mins). I was surprised by how cheap it was ($129 a night!)Service is amazing and amenities are quite good. I did not eat at the restaurant but the menu looked interesting. This is the only hotel I will be staying at for future Amsterdam trips. Very highly recommended!  
<Date>Nov 27, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>takethe5th
<Content>GREAT LOCATION A nice clean hotel, good location in a quiet side street within easy walking distance of all the tourist spots and resturants. Canal cruise about 4 min walk. We stayed in the part of the hotel oposite the main hotel...lift and covered walkway to bar and resturant...Would stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great service, great location! Nice hotel, reasonable price, spotless room, very helpful and friendly staff. The location is convenient to everything and *not* a sketchy neighborhood (contrary to some other posts about this hotel). The breakfast buffet was terrific, although slightly overpriced.Will definitely stay here again!  
<Date>Sep 29, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Shadwala
<Content>A very pleaseant experience We visited Amsterdam in August 2004 for 5 days. We had the most wonderful stay at SAS Radisson. The location was ideal. The room given to us was very very good. The staff were very helpful. All in all it is highly recommended. I would most definitely go back to Radisson if I were to visit Amsterdam again.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Amsterdam's best kept hotel secret Very nice hotel, with a great price!!! The rooms are spacious, clean and furnished will all the extras that one would find in a US hotel. The staff is very professional and helpful. It is in a great location, within walking distance to everything, including the red light district. If it is your first time to Amsterdam, and you are used to the comforts of hotels in the US, stay here, you will not be let down!  
<Date>Sep 5, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very polite and helpful staff Stayed 4 nights. Asked for quiet room and that is what I got with a view over the rooftops of Amsterdam. The staff were really friendly and very helpful. As far as Amsterdam hotels go this one was excellent. Air conditioning always a plus in August - no mosquitoes! Would recommend it but rooms are better in main part of hotel compared with the extension across the road.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2004
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Definitely recommend the Radisson. I stayed in this hotel for four nights at the beginning of August. Although we had a problem, when my friends booking couldn't be found, the staff were helpful and friendly. The hotel was clean and very comfortable in a quiet area within walking distance of all attractions. The rooms at the back seemed to have more original features and were a bit bigger. I would definitely stay in here again.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>TACKY I was completely disappointed at the hotel. It was tacky, old, dingy, second class. Needs a little decent decorating. Paint, brighter colors, new bedspreads etc... and nicer towels. The staff was nice and helpful although. Location is quiet and good. I think they have a new building across street that has higher end rooms.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>loved it! what a hotel, clean and enjoyable, within walking distance to all attractions, never had to use city buses or trains, took 2 tours and could walk to bus pickup! i was very surprised and enjoyed it would stay there again and again.  
<Date>May 29, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Angelic_Moley
<Content>Disappointed We stayed at this hotel in September 2003. After a lengthy flight delay, the receptionist was extremely pleasant, I could not fault her, so friendly. Even upgraded us for free to a 'business class' room for our troubles. Strange walk to room through weird glass corridors. Room was ok but very small for an upgraded room. Bathroom was quite large in proportion to the room with, yes, strange toiletries! Decor looked tired and old fashioned, and room distinctly smelt of smoke, even thought it was a non smoking room. Had hot chocolate as well as tea and coffee in the room, which I though was a nice touch. Hotel is a couple of minutes walk to Red Light District and I didn't like the area immediately surrounding the hotel..it was very dark and very quiet. Was amazed on first impression to find international 5 star hotel in such a quiet place!I just don't know what to say. The hotel was not bad but then it was not good. It was just OK. It didn't leave any lasting impression on me and I really thought it would after reading the reviews. Stayed at the NH Doelen and that was magical. Was my first time in a Radisson property. Will be trying a Radisson in Bergen next week. I hope I like it better than this one.  
<Date>May 27, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>scotsmaninnyc
<Content>First Class Service Just stayed two nights at this hotel. Staff very polite, helpful and yet discreet. Upgraded from a Standard Room without breakfast to an Executive Suite including breakfast for 50 euros per night. Excellent deal. Suites are very spacious and beautifully finished. Good value for two people. Would recommend without hesitation.  
<Date>May 17, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>saturine
<Content>Very nice - business suite was awesom My boyfriend  I stayed here for 5 days. At first they were going to put us in a smoking room because Expedia did not forward our preference on to the hotel. I have terrible allergies and the smoke smell is hard to deal with. We ended up upgrading our room to the business suite which was about an extra $30 a day - it was worth it. We had a stunning view of the canal. The windows were over 20ft high. I agree the toiletries are a little odd and scents were even stranger, but overall it was a very nice room and the boyfriend loved the breakfast at the hotel everyday. It's very central yet quiet and relaxing  
<Date>May 6, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent stay Superb location, lovely room, helpful and friendly staff and exceptional housekeeping. Good choice of foods at breakfast and at weekends they serve until 11:30am.To get to the hotel you can take the train from Schipol airport which costs around 3.50 Euros after which you have a very pleasant 20 min amble to the hotel, the airport bus drops you at the door for 10 Euros and a taxi cost a little over 50 Euros. The hotel does have an arrangements with a taxi company for 35 Euros which we discovered when we checked out.Would recommend this hotel and would be very happy to stay again.  
<Date>May 5, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent choice We have stayed at this hotel several times and will go again this weekend. While the rooms are on the small side and the toiletries are just plain weird, we really like this hotel. The hotel has an excellent location, great breakfast, clean rooms, great bar and the best concierge staff I have ever come across anywhere. Radisson also abides by its promise to beat any other websites price - by 25% - I made a claim and they came through. Enjoy!  
<Date>Mar 24, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Chris75
<Content>Convenient I have spent two nights at the Radisson in Amsterdam. It's typically a chain hotel: good service, good location, no surprise, good rates. I did not like the decoration of my room (good size): kind of modern art deco style (exactly the same deco at the Radisson in Brussels), it lacks taste and style. I did not like neither the very average quality of cotton of the sheets.Overall it's a good hotel, very convenient.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We would stay again without a doubt   showReview(1497062, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 24, 2003
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nothing special   showReview(1487927, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 14, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel in Good Location!   showReview(1487123, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 13, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>doremifaso
<Content>great hotel   showReview(1424526, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 28, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wow!!   showReview(1397878, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 18, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mfhstid
<Content>Recommended   showReview(1109273, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 26, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great for business and pleasure visits.   showReview(930247, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 6, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>An Excellent Hotel   showReview(708061, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 1, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Great Accommodations in a Beautiful Hotel: Old-World Style Meets Modern Comforts   showReview(567472, 'full');   
<Date>May 9, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Radisson SAS   showReview(566376, 'full');   
<Date>May 6, 2002
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PisaRight1
<Content>colazione da faraoni!!!   showReview(23173079, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 2, 2009
<Rating>3	4	4	5	4	4	3	3	

<Author>priper
<Content>Gran hotel   showReview(23035252, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tamakl
<Content>鏈濋銇屻仺銇︺倐鍏呭疅銇椼仸缇庡懗銇椼亱銇ｃ仧   showReview(20868489, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>绶忓悎鐨勩伀鑹亱銇ｃ仧銇с仚銆?#x201d;   showReview(20753485, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 24, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>id茅al pour visiter amsterdam sans voiture   showReview(19640753, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>w眉rde dieses hotel sofort wieder buchen   showReview(19640748, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>ottima ubicazione.. ritornerei   showReview(19640747, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Eileeniz
<Content>Un Hotel estupendo. Situacion perfecta.   showReview(19396016, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bon h么tel bien situ茅 dans le centre d'Amsterdam   showReview(19640745, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>bel h么tel mais un peu anonyme   showReview(19640743, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 20, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>In jeder Hinsicht hervorragend   showReview(19640742, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nicht beeindruckt   showReview(19640749, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	1	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tres bon h么tel dans le centre de la ville   showReview(19640738, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 17, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>TUTTO OK   showReview(19640737, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 14, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>estremamente competitivo per tariffa,accomodation,servizi,disponibilita'   showReview(19640736, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>d茅莽u par rapport au prix   showReview(19640744, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉┿儑銈ｃ偨銉炽儧銉嗐儷   showReview(19172667, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 17, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>A recommander :-)   showReview(17434741, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 17, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Beste Wahl   showReview(16607892, 'full');   
<Date>May 16, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>TRES SATISFAIT   showReview(15560824, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 15, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Haben uns sehr wohlgef眉hlt!   showReview(15560823, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bien centr茅   showReview(15560822, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>H么tel tr猫s bien plac茅, moderne, propre.   showReview(15560821, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tres bon hotel en rapport qualit茅 prix id茅alement situ茅 et calme   showReview(14728412, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 27, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>un excellent rapport qualit茅-prix-situation   showReview(13977904, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nur bedingt beeindruckt   showReview(13977902, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 11, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un grand h么tel moderne des ann茅es 80 dans un quartier ancien   showReview(13189686, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 24, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nonostante giudizi di altri non troppo buoni...   showReview(13189685, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 10, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bellissimo Hotel   showReview(13189684, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 10, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo Hotel   showReview(13189683, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 10, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>F眉r einen St盲dtetrip hervorragend geeignet   showReview(13189681, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 7, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>un peu d茅莽u sur le confort et le service   showReview(13189679, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Schlechtes Preis/Leistungsverh盲ltnis   showReview(11305823, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 29, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>a   showReview(11305824, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 20, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Non vale le 5 stelle   showReview(11305821, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 15, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel central mais pas typique   showReview(11305822, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 15, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tutto bene ma...   showReview(11663965, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 21, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>hailie22
<Content>Bella posizione, pulizia ottima   showReview(8515188, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	5	

<Author>ChantalParis
<Content>Dans le centre mais au calme   showReview(7753777, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>eccellente   showReview(11493603, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 3, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sch枚nes Hotel mitten im Zentrum - genau das Richtige f眉r eine St盲dtereise   showReview(11434197, 'full');   
<Date>May 12, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Zentrale Lage   showReview(11384323, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 29, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈儬銈广儐銉儉銉犱腑澶...   showReview(21801442, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 12, 2006
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>calapito
<Content>Un hotel c茅ntrico y acogedor.       Un canal cercano  
<Date>Mar 21, 2006
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉勩偆銉炽儷銉笺儬銇磪娌倰...   showReview(19927747, 'full');   
<Date>May 30, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

