<Author>arts57
<Content>Location, Location, Location My family and I spent 7 nights in Barcelona, and stayed in 2 rooms at the Hotel Jazz. Perfect location for all sights/areas/metro, and in a fun and lively part of town. We have traveled to major European cities for years, and the Hotel Jazz was one of the best. Ask the front desk for the coupon for the tapas place around the corner, where we used it for drinks on the house!  
<Date>Jan 6, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>seetheworldb4wedie
<Content>Loved Hotel Jazz! Best stay of any hotel in last ten years! Definitely a great choice in hotels for value and location. Rooms were ready even when we arrived mid morning! They were very clean and ample sized. Staff was very helpful with suggestions for meals. sights to see and how to get there. Location was close to transportation, restaurants and activities. Only thing for concern is pickpockets in the city. On our cruise, at least eight people told stories of lost wallets or pocketbooks! One was even at knife-point! But city is a worthwhile experience, just be alert in crowded areas and avoid walking in isolated ones.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Travellotte
<Content>Not that great! Well, not as great as we had expected. The taxi in from the airport was about 25 euros and the hotel was easy to get to. The location is very central with a short walk to La Rambla and good shopping.Check in/out was fine nothing exceptional and the front desk tried to be helpful with directions etc. Our biggest disappointment was with the room... dirty bed sheets. Not what we would have expected for a hotel as well rated as this one.We only stayed one night and that was just fine with us. Not a bad hotel but we are sure there are better in Barcelona.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	4	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>Chirjola
<Content>Great Hotel, family adored it We selected Jazz Hotel based on the reviews that we read from the TripAdvisor website. We were not disappointed. it was a great hotel. 5 mins walk from La Rambla and Catalynya Plaza. Near enough and yet away from the crowd. The design is contemporary, the room sizes generous and the bathroom big and clean. We stayed at Jazz for 4 days, left some bags in the luggage room, and check out to explore Sevilla and Granada before returning to Barcelona and re-checking in to Jazz. On the return leg, it felt like coming home. It really felt that cosy.  
<Date>Dec 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	3	4	3	

<Author>Pagz
<Content>Absolutely Loved the Hotel Jazz! I can't say enough about our experience with the Hotel Jazz. This is a great modern hotel in a fantastic location. The team at Reception were pleasant and very helpful. The rooms are immaculate and very modern and the beds were very comfortable. We didn't opt for the breakfast since there are many choices in the surrounding area. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a hotel in Barcelona.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>luckbamboo
<Content>Hotel Jazz is all you need to know where to stay in Barcelona! Thanks to the reviews from Tripadvisor, we decided to book this hotel, mainly due to its location and price. We took the Aerobus for 4.05 euros per person as suggested by fellow reviewers and it was easy, fast, convenient and cheap to get to the hotel. The bus stop at the airport is short walk on the right hand side of the exit and you pay the driver. Get off at Place Universitat. The bus does not stop at all stops unless someone rings the bell so be sure to look out for the stops that it passes by in this sequence:Airport - Place Espanya - Gran Via Urgell - Place UniversitatThen, it is a very short walk to the hotel, like 3-5 mins.The check-in was smooth and allowed us to check-in a bit earlier but we were given a room on the 3rd floor. We could hear and feel the rumble of the subway but it didn't bother us at all compared to right after sitting next to the washrooms on the plane. Besides, the subway stops running in the middle of the night. After check-in, we went directly to bed after our tiring and sleepless flight. We heard a couple checking into the room next door a couple of hours later and could hear every word that they said and their door slamming but we were just too tired to complain and went back to sleep. After that experience, we never heard our neighbours again for the 3 nights we stayed there. We suspected that they probably moved to some other room and the room next door was vacant for the rest of our trip.The room was very spacious and larger than expected, especially our double bed, pieced together with 2 beds which ended up looking more like a queen. The washroom was also very spacious and comfortable. The room also came with a 6-digit safe. There is also a computer hooked up to the Internet for guests to use on the 1st floor next to the restaurant which was handy. We got the 2-day Bus Turistic (26 euros per person) which had its pros and cons. It is a relaxing and safe way to get to all the tourist attractions but one loop itself takes about 1.5-2 hours and you have to factor in the wait and sightseeing times...ended up not visiting a lot of sites. Be sure to check out the coupon book before you visit any sites to get discounts. It is worth taking the elevator to the top of Sagrada Familiar and La Catedral. The hotel's location is great and we walked to Casa Mila, The Pedrera, the Gothic Quarter, and La Rambla. Went to the Boqueria's El Quim for lunch @ 12pm once. We had huevos fritos con chipirones (fried eggs with squid) and setas con salteadas con foie (wild mushrooms sauteed with foie) which were marvelous!Starbucks is next door and there is a Farggi in the FNAC at El Triangle. One evening we ate at Restaurante Navarra on Paseo de Gracia 4 (walkable) at North American dinner hours without any problems. There were some people eating too but most people were just having coffee or alcohol. They have good prices and daily specials.Got an upset stomach after eating at Ciudad Condal/Ciutat Comtal and ended up finding a hygienically safe (you know it when their washrooms have soap) and wonderful place with fantastic views of the city for meals for the rest of the trip. This place is the restaurant on the top floor of the El Corte Ingl茅s @ Pla莽a de Catalunya which we walked there easily! I call it a true gem. We ate at the restaurant with waiters but there is a self-serve section deep inside the restaurant where you can grab cheap, quick meals with a view of the city, or you could be seated at either served sections inside or with view. The food in the self-serve didn't look appetizing to me and we didn't try it but the food at the served restaurant was good.We booked the hotel about 3 months before our trip directly from the hotel's website offering a rate of 105 euros and saw the price increase as the days went by. We will definitely stay at the Hotel Jazz again if we come back to Barcelona.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	3	3	3	3	

<Author>GabeGal
<Content>Excellent location; amazing bathroom! Stayed at the Hotel Jazz in Barcelona for the last three nights of October 2008. We were generally impressed by the hotel. It is in an excellent location, the rooms were clean and modern, and the bathroom was by far the best bathroom I have ever seen in a less than five-star hotel! They had one computer available for free use, although it could be difficult to find an opportunity to go online. Our only slight complaint was the price of the breakfast (which was not included in our room price) which we felt was too high. They recommended a tapas bar which we enjoyed so much we ended up eating there on all three nights!  
<Date>Nov 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>Euromano
<Content>Super hotel! 4 of us stayed at the Jazz late November for a weekend and can thoroughly recommend this hotel.Rooms are large and very well appointed, staff are professional and the location cannot be beaten.While we didn't eat there we found an abundance of cafes  restaurants nearby. The mini bar came in useful for storing our own supplies but the prices charged by the hotel were reasonable.We also made use of the rooftop pool on a couple of occasions, great fun to recover from a late night as the November temperature shook off any cobwebs.If I have any reservations it would be the lack of tea/coffee making facilities in the rooms but the hotel was so good I still give it 5 stars.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>CorkTouristOne
<Content>Great location and price We've just returned from a four-night stay at the Hotel Jazz, and I'd definitely recommend it to anyone visiting Barcelona for a few days.We booked our stay through the hotel and got an even better rate than was available on the website. The four nights for us both cost about 510 euro, including the 7% tax.The real selling point for the Jazz is the location. It's between the Place Catalunya at the top of the Ramblas, and Place Universtat.The Ramblas is less than five minutes walk away, and it's possible to walk most places. During our four days, we never used the metro, and only took a taxi once (in search of a restaurant that proved not to be worth the trek!) We also used the open-top tour buses two days, and other than that we walked every where.There's no need to pay 150 euro each for breakfast. We ate on two mornings in a little bar/tapas place across the road (I think it was Biere D'Or) and other mornings just picked little cafes off the Ramblas - and about 10 euro should cover two people.We were on the very top floor, so we had no problems with noise - even even had a tiny balcony over-looking the busy Pelai Street.The hotel bar is handy for a drink before going out, and we also used the internet there to check out restaurant reviews before we went out! It's not the kind of place where you'd spent an entire evening, and it didn't really stay open late enough for a nightcap, but for what it was it was fine.We had very little contact with reception, or staff in general. They weren't exactly over-friendly - but they were efficient and as I've already said, for the price you couldn't do much better.We had lovely tapas on our last evening just around the corner from the hotel - come out of the hotel and turn right, and cross the street in front of you, turn right and then turn left at the next junction - the restaurant should be on the corner ahead of you on your left. I think it was called Dancerama or something like that. 35 euro got us more plates of tapas than we could eat, ice-cream and two beers!But back to the Jazz. For a city break where you're not going to be spending much time at the hotel, the Jazz is perfect - spotlessly clean, comfortable, modern and well-priced.PS We even used the outdoor pool (yes, in November) and found out that they don't seem to bother heating it at this time of year....  
<Date>Nov 22, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	5	5	3	4	3	

<Author>Vivianite
<Content>Comfortable, friendly Hotel Jazz       Room 518  
<Date>Nov 21, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>aschoc
<Content>Not for the light sleeper We stayed at the Hotel Jazz for 3 nights. I can agree that the hotel is modern and in a good location. The room was perfectly comfortable if a bit non de-script and we had a problem with the extractor in the bathroom not working causing the room to be steamy. My main issue was with the noise. Our room looked out onto a busy road but what is more disturbing is the fact that the metro line must run right underneath the hotel and so every 5 minutes there is the rumbling noise and what feels like the walls vibrating. Apart from that the hotel is perfectly fine if lacking somewhat in character and ambience.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	3	4	3	4	

<Author>LyttonLondon
<Content>Wonderful bedroom, great breakfast, very central We stayed at the Jazz for one night pre cruise. The reception staff were friendly and helpful. Our bedroom was absolutely beautiful and the bathroom was gorgeous. We booked the hotel along with our flight, through British Airways, so breakfast was included. We loved the position of the hotel, very close to Las Ramblas and would stay there again.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	3	5	

<Author>fabbie
<Content>Best location, nice modern hotel Stayed at Hotel Jazz for 3 nights and absolutely loved the place. Location is on Pelai 3 (tell taxi driver you're going to hotel jazz or hotel yazz on pelayo tres or near hotel inglatera (not all taxi drivers know the hotel right off the bat). The hotel is near the following places of interest:hop on hop off bus-across the street from the hoteljulia travel agency/tours- across the street from the hotellas ramblas-5-10 min. walkel corte ingles mall (supermarket at basement)-plaza catalunya-5-10 min. walkUniversitat metro-in front of hoteltapas bars across from the hotel or go to the ramblasrainbow cafe-beside the hotelstarbuck's- shopping area-5 minute walkzara, topshop,etc-5 min walklefties outlet (zara and bershka)-5 min. walkAll other places of interest can be reached with metro, very easy to navigate. Buy t10 (can be shared) card if staying for a long time.Other hotels nearby-Hotel Inglatera-cheaper, close to the hotellleo hotelAbout the hotel rooms- everything you need is available-hairdryer, toothpaste/brush, shaver, soap, shower cap, bidet, minibar, comforter, map etc.Front desk people are very friendly, can arrange taxi even early in the morning. Overall, had a great time at hotel jazz. Best location, modern, comfy,clean hotel, highly recommended.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>wish2travelm0re
<Content>Great location This hotel has a location that is close to bus stops, cafes, easy walk to major attractions. Rooms are clean and comfortable. Most staff is helpful. Skip the breakfast-very expensive and you can go across the street for much less money (we are on a budget).  
<Date>Nov 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>billyseagull
<Content>Clean, Good Location, and HUGE Bed! Good Location - easy for Aerobus, get off at Universatt (Have to return though from Catalyan)and metro handy too.Speedy and efficient check in.Clean room, not massive, as most of the room was taken up by the Bed - my wife and I slept in different time zones.Nice modern and clean bathroom.Yes, bar is boring (one quick drink there before we all went out) and in a strange location right by the lifts, and we didn't have breakfast there either- too many local places much cheaper/better.Pool on roof looked great (for the summer!)Only downside no tea/coffee makin facilities in room.Booked a few months ago and got a rate of 105 eurs per night.Yes, we would use same Hotel again.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	3	4	

<Author>TzctlpcLondon_UK
<Content>Efficient, clean, comfortable, central. The summary says it all. The location is excellent: close to Las Ramblas but out of it, so you can jump into all the fun and cultural stuff quickly and are guaranteed a good night sleep.The bus stop to catch the ride to the airport is 10 minutes away (in Plaza Catalunya) and there is a metro station a few steps from the hotel lobby.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>Allmend
<Content>Agree that some aspects are not perfect but.... We stayed in the Jazz in October,not for the first time, and have to agree that pehaps a little JADED rather than JAZZED might apply now.It is still a good enough hotel and very central.The smell in the bathroom was accepted gracefully and we were quickly moved.The bar WAS lacking in atmosphere,the entrance IS as described...a bit of a non event..and yes,the porter didn't seem to porte much! But would I go back?YES! Maybe it's the big comfortable bed-(the room wasn't that big this time)...I dont know,but I would love to hear some recommendations for an equivalent hotel..If you are looking for a restaurant, try the Citrus on Passeig de Gracia.We went there twice thanks to PAPA ,the friendly waiter!The food is reasonably priced,the views towards the Battlo romantic at night,the menu varied.Try the fish soup! And don't forget to ask for Papa!  
<Date>Nov 11, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	4	4	3	3	4	

<Author>gbgeebee
<Content>An oasis in bustling Barcelona We stayed 4 nights BB prior to a cruise. This hotel is well placed for the central sights and right by a metro station to get to the others. Our room faced the cut through between the two major streets (i.e. the front of the hotel) and we heard little noise apart from (faintly) the metro below (we called it Las Rumblas!)Front desk friendly and efficient and gave us some good restuarant reservations. We also found that if you go north, away from the tourist area, prices are quite a bit lower, e.g the Canela in C. Aribau - very good but weird English menu translation!Our room was clean, comfortable and stylish. Breakfast a good choice of hot  cold items.This hotel is handy for the Aerobus (10% of a taxi) that drops off from the airport in nearby Pl Universitat, but beware that for some mad reason it wont pick up there - you have to drag your stuff to Pl Catalunya.When we got back from the cruise the hotel were happy to mind our bags for a day until our evening flight.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>susanu
<Content>Amazing Value in a Great Location       Hotel Jazz - Double Room on Courtyard  
<Date>Nov 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	-1	5	

<Author>sheffilk
<Content>Jazztastic!! Booked it online so a little nervous but my friend and i couldn't fault it. Great location ( 5mins walk from top of the ramblas) clean, modern and smart inside. Did hear the metro rumbing underneath at times but that was the only (minor) negative. No rowdy groups to be seen - mainly couples (young and old) and friends together.Would definately recomend it to all - good value for a hotel that was classier than we imagined for the money!!Was bad weather so the pool on the roof was closed - but it was Nov!!  
<Date>Nov 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>Classictourists
<Content>Not much Jizz in the Jazz We booked the Jazz on the usually reliable recommendations of other reviewers. This time we were disappointed. We felt it was very average. It had all the usual amenities (including WiFi) and the breakfast was fine, but was very impersonal and lacking in any warmth and atmosphere. The service was uneven at best. The role of the Concierge seemed puzzling since he neither greeted guests nor helped with luggage up or down the steps in the lobby. The bar was tiny, closed at 11 and had absolutely no ambience. As a business destination it is probably fine, for a fun city-break a bit cold and unwelcoming.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TopsyB
<Content>Excellent Excellent hotel in great location. Rooms good, clean, moderately sized. Wifi access. Very helpful staff. Avoided breakfast after all the trip advisor reports, it is easy to find cheap coffee and croissant elsewhere. If they had a reasonably priced worthwhile breakfast we would have felt more at home, the lobby is small and it is literally from the street to the lift to the room which is a bit cold. But this is a quibble, it鈥檚 as good as other reviews suggest.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Trip_Over
<Content>Just the job Nice little hotel this, right on top of shopping, the Ramblas and a bit of nightlife to boot.Rooftop swimming pool big enough for a cooling dip if you are there when it is warm enough and felt a bit like a scene from a spanish mary poppins looking out over the rooftops from the pool terrace.Rooms well appointed and breakfast adequate.Trying to get a drink from the hotel bar was a challenge but if you are not in a hurry you will get one.Would and probably will return.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>Jeff940
<Content>Very happy with our stay We were quite happy with the hotel. The location is great; a few blocks away from the Placa Catalunya (the center of Barcelona) and a few steps away from a subway stop. The room was adequately large and well laid out. Although the street outside can be busy, the room was very well sound-proofed. The desk staff is helpful. The roof deck has a decent view, but we didn't try out the pool.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>bshiratori
<Content>Amazing stay!       Artwork  
<Date>Oct 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Kathy1949
<Content>Great location for the Tourist We spent three nites at Hotel Jazz after disembarking from a cruise. When we arrived, our room was not ready yet, but the staff directed us to the Catalyuna Square and locked up our luggage as we set off off on an advernture - our first time in Spain. We were so pleased to realize how close our hotel was to the action. We were a couple blocks from Ramblas and basically across the street from the stop that allowed us to get on the tourist on/off bus - 2 day pass was 25 euros per person. There is a cute, small restaurant on the corner called Rainbow - good food reasonably priced. Good place to start the day with breakfast.We asked for a room with a view and were upgraded to a junior suite. It was huge. The decor is very contemporary, emaculate, wonderful water pressure and 3 doors that open to the street to take in the view or shut out the street noise. The bed was very confortable and the linens were plush - thicker towels than I expected. Our bath had a toilet and bidet - extra - a towel warmer plus a separate tub and shower.. Black tile in the bath with white fixtures and chrome faucets. We had a sofa, desk, and slim TV mounted on the wall. The room also had a mini fridge, but we discovered a small grocery store on Ramblas where snacks and pop were very reasonably priced. Our room also had a safe that operated by your password .There did not appear to be any brochures in the lobby, but upon inquiring for tourist information, the staff opened the doors on the wall behind the desk where everything is stored. One other surprise was that we had free use of two computers on the first floor where we could check on flights and e-mail, etc. No printer was available. The morning that we left, the staff secured a taxi for us. When we return to Barcelona, that is no doubt that we would stay at Hotel Jazz again. Why is it called Hotel Jazz? There is jazz music piped into our room thru speakers in the ceiling controlled by a switch right next to the bed.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>passportandticket
<Content>Good Choice I selected this hotel based on the past TripAdvisor reviews--I was not disappointed. This is a very nice hotel -- very clean, stylish, great location, and good service. My only complaint is that the restaurant is a little pricey for the quality of food provided. I would definately stay here again!  
<Date>Oct 11, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>gaynorandjohn
<Content>Good location with good sizes clean rooms Right beside the Universitat Metro station and five minutes walk from the top of La Ramblas.Very modern hotel with clean lines. Rooms large, clean with large bathroom containing bath and shower. Minibar and safe in room. Queen sized comfortable bed but sheet was for king size.Selection of piped jazz music available in room and bathroom.Only downside is metro rumble from Line 1 which runs under hotel. Apart from that room was quiet. Staff efficient and pleasant. Breakfast is a massive 14.5 euros per person but there are plenty of places to eat around the hotel.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	4	5	

<Author>Reviewer111
<Content>Clean, spacious, modern, central location Stayed here this week based on positive reviews from this site. Was not disappointed.Was on my own but got a generous double room with a gigantic bed. Staff were efficient and professional.I am a stickler for cleanliness and could find no fault here. Pristine bathroom with a truly powerful shower. Room had a Juliette balcony overlooking Pelai street. Great location, just off Las Ramblas.My only complaint would be that i would really have liked a kettle in the room to be able to make a nice cup of tea after trudging around for hours.I did find the room extremely hot, which could be solved by opening the balcony door, but then you had the noise issue.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>happytraveller97
<Content>Beautiful beds !       view from our room towards Catalunya  
<Date>Oct 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Portland_Alissa
<Content>Chic, Modern Hotel       Hotel Jazz bar  
<Date>Oct 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>BlueseaDevon
<Content>Convenient hotel Clean comfortable bedroom on 7th floor-only drawback some road noise(not surprising in a city),solved by closing balcony door/good quiet air con.Great location-near metro/bus stops.Use aerobus(blue) from airport,alight Placa de universitat 2min walk to hotel.Return journey catch aerobus from place de catalunya.Great intergated bus/metro system.Lots to do  see.Sagrada Familia breathtaking.Enjoyed catching the evening sun on the roof terrace.Will be back.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>bmarshall
<Content>La Merce Week Just returned from 5 days at the Hotel Jazz having read the reviews here and confirm its great! We were lucky enough to get our room early (arrived at midday) with all we asked for during the booking. The Hotel staff were very helpful, the room was very clean and the breakfast (inclusive via lastminute.com) was excellent with scrambled eggs/ frankfurt sausage, cereal, fruit, cakes, meat/cheese/ breads / toast /juices. I have to say we didnt want to eat much for the rest of the day!As mentioned elsewhere the centre of Barcelona is noisy but its quieter here than on Las Ramblas. The advantage is that its close to Cataluna Square which is a major bus terminus and where several tube lines cross. We walked easily to the sea at the botom of Las Ramblas and wandered the old City.Our best travel tip is that whenyou visit Gaudi's Sagrada Familia church ask for the second lift. The queue at the first one was 90 minutes , the second one at the back just 20 minutes.La Merce festival was great entertainment with processions etc  
<Date>Sep 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TOCDNTRAVELER
<Content>Definitely stay here again We stayed at Hotel Jazz for four night while in Barcelona on vacation. It was a great choice for us. The rooms were clean and modern as depicted in the photos and our window was a sliding glass door with a railing on the outside which provided great ventilation. The air conditioning worked really well too. There is a small plunge pool on the roof with lots of chaise lounges to catch a few rays, as well as a number of tables with umbrellas if you want shade. This hotel is in a great location for a tourist and there is a subway station just a few yards from the front door. Breakfast was a disappointment, and you might just walk over to Placa de la University if all you want is a croissant and coffee  
<Date>Sep 27, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Poet715
<Content>It is a very good hotel The Location is great, the staff friendly and the price is acceptable  
<Date>Sep 24, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>cajmcmahon
<Content>Good pices, rooms  Excellent value! Nicely appointed rooms. Great bathrooms (water pressure is like a power washer!). The location is great for wandering around the Gothic area. Easy to go back to the hotel for naps (which you'll need due to the heat) or to change for evening time. It's 2 mins walk to Playa de Catalunya which is a major transportation hub - incl. pick-up and drop-off for the airport bus.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Martin68
<Content>A Solid Choice We arrived on a rainy Friday night for a two night stay. The hotel is very conveniently located in the centre of the city. First impressions of the reception area is functional but rather uninspiring and bland. The check in process was quite slow and there was some confusion about how many rooms had been reserved. I was on the fourth floor and my friend was on the seventh floor.Initial impressions of the room - very monochrome, masculine decor and a bit dark for my personal taste, hard floors, good quality furnishings, good cleanliness, excellent wardrobe with safe inside, massive and very comfortable bed. I walked into the bathroom and there was a very unpleasant smell (think sweaty socks...) coming from the washbasin. My friend's bathroom didn't have the same problem. Reported it to reception on Saturday morning but it was still there by the time we checked out on Sunday. Apart from this (hopefully isolated) incident, the bathroom was really superb with a refreshingly powerful shower.From the fourth floor, you could hear the distant rumble of the metro trains but it didn't bother me at all. Both of our rooms were on the inside courtyard rather than the street which certainly reduces the light at the window but also makes them very quiet. There is a sliding door which is good if you want fresh air. The air conditioning was quiet and worked well. Room lighting was also very good.We used the breakfast buffet both mornings. As is the norm with similar hotels, it is expensive but there was a good range of food and service was efficient, so if you have a big appetite at breakfast then it's good value and very convenient of course. We didn't use room service but from looking at the menu, the prices seemed quite reasonable which is a rarity.The roof terrace is really stunning with wonderful views of the city. I suppose we were at the wrong end of summer but it was still quite warm and there was only ever one or two other people up there. It does seem very strange that it closes so early because it's such a great asset to the hotel.So to sum up, a good value, very comfortable hotel. The Hotel Jazz won't set the world alight but it's a solid and quality choice.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	-1	5	

<Author>dancaz4
<Content>Location, location We stayed in the Jazz in Sept 08 for 4 nights, after reading all the positive reviews on TA. Overall we really enjoyed our stay and would recommend it to others. However, there are a couple of negative points to note but nothing too major.Positives:-- Very convenient location, just 5 minutes from Las Ramblas.- Fantastic bedroom and bathroom.- Reasonable price (booked via Hotels.com at 鈧?30 per night including Breakfast).- Spotlessly clean.Negatives:-- Overall slightly disappointing breakfast, and the worst coffee ever ! Had we being paying extra for breakfast I would have complained, as it was not worth 鈧?5 each.- Due to the central location, there was a lot of traffic noise from our room (we were on the 6th floor at the front). The windows sound like they are slightly open even when they're fully shut.- One of the reasons we chose the Jazz was due to having a terrace pool, so we could cool down after a day walking around in the heat. This might sound really picky, but the water was SO cold that it was just unusable. You just had to watch people grimace as they stepped in (and promptly step back out). Would I recommend the Hotel Jazz? Overall, yes. Would I return? Probably not.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	3	4	

<Author>mikem77
<Content>central 3star hotel with friendly staff Pros:-central and easy to reach via public transport-stylish exterior-roof deck pool with gorgeous views-friendly and flexible staff-tasty breakfastCons:-small bar and restaurant area, no other amenities (gym or else) except for pool-interior/furniture looked quite worn out-subway below the hotel shook the grounds every 10minwell suited for singles at reasonable price.It is not worth more than EUR 120/night!  
<Date>Sep 21, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	4	3	3	4	1	

<Author>Ian_Stanworth
<Content>Great Value Clean, modern, comfortable and in an excellent location. Great having the pool on the roof as well. Very good value and would definately stay here again  
<Date>Sep 20, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>travelbugRNC
<Content>Great funky hotel Great location, very quiet rooms, and windows that open. Funky, rooms furnishings, bathroom and lobby. Close to everything, and easy access to airport or cruise terminal. Staff speaks limited english but very helpful. Will stay there again!!  
<Date>Sep 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Katie110
<Content>Great Location This is a stylish modern contemporary hotel in a great location. The rooms are spacious, comfortable and great value. The bathrooms are tasteful and luxurious.The roof top pool was great (if a little cold in May!)The bar is trendy and we had great service. I didn鈥檛 make it up for breakfast either day (this was down the to the great night life) so cannot comment on the food.All in all our 2 night stay at the Jazz Hotel was fab and if I was ever to return to Barcelona I would def book the Hotel Jazz!Hope this helpsxx  
<Date>Sep 11, 2008
<Rating>1	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>nrjones
<Content>Nice Hotel / Great Value My husband and I stayed here for one night in late August. We were there for a wedding, so for the rest of the time, we stayed in a villa outside of the city.I thought the Hotel Jazz was very nice. We had a relatively large, clean, modern room. We were there on a Friday night and there was no noise to speak of in our room. The hotel is situated near Las Ramblas, but not on Las Ramblas which I believe helps with the noise. I thought it was a great area to be in since it was walking distance to everything but not right in the middle of the late night Las Ramblas scene.Overall, the hotel was a good value. I had investigated similar hotels in the area, and they were all a bit pricier.Next time we are in Barcelona, I would check out the Hotel Jazz again.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>LL80
<Content>Fabulous Hotel Hotel Jazz is a steal! It is an extremely nice hotel for a great price. Everything about this hotel was wonderful -- the staff is very friendly, the rooms are amazing, there are computers with free internet access, the bar is great and the pool is also very nice.My husband and I really loved the location. It is very short walk to Las Ramblas/touristy stuff, but far enough away that you don't get all of the noise. The location was perfect.The room/bathroom were very spacious and nice. The bed was comfortable and it was nice to be able to open the balcony door for fresh air. The hotel is very modern and the decor is wonderful.The roof deck pool is a bit small and there aren't very many louge chairs around the pool itself, but it is a nice area with great views. There is also an deck with a bar adjacent to the pool.We had a great time hanging out at the bar. The only downside to the bar is that it closes so early -- I believe at 11 or 11:30 pm. I wish it had stayed open later, and several other guests commented on this as well. I highly recommend this hotel, and if I ever go back to Barcelona, this is where I will stay!  
<Date>Sep 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>20wot
<Content>Nice, trendy hotel. Yet not completely satisfying. We stayed at the Hotel Jazz during a weekend visit to Barcelona. The pros:The rooms are really beautiful. Trendy, attractive and comfortable. The staff was also welcoming and helpful. Although, we asked for a restaurant suggestion and I was not quite happy as they sent us to a super touristy area. Location is good. There is a metro stop just a few steps away and it is in close proximity to some sites as well. There is also a great view from the rooftop pool which seems well maintained and a nice refreshing way to end a long day. Check out is 11am which is good as we like a later checkout. The cons:Breakfast is expensive. And is fine. But not impressive.We stayed on the 4th floor but at times, could still hear the metro running past below. It didn't disturb us really but it might do on lower floors. The airco works. Yet, it was directed just at the area where your head lays on the pillow. Rather uncomfortable and not good for the sinuses. The pool is far too small for the number of guests in the hotel. We had to hang around for nearly an hour before even getting a chair. When we finally did get one, it turned out to be broken. Plus, there seem to be a lot of guests who just place a towel down to reserve a chair, then never return.All in all I'd say it is a nice hotel and certainly worthy of a 3.5 star rating. But, when I go to Barcelona again, I will likely look to see what else is out there as I feel there may be something more satisfying.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>ozinamsterdam
<Content>Stylish hotel in a great location Great stylish hotel with fantastic interior design. Very comfy beds.Lovely modern bathrooms with nice additional toiletries.Free internet, which is always a bonus.Walking distance to Plaza Catalunya for great shopping. Minutes from 2 metro stops.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>Gav1978
<Content>Barcelona rocks! Stayed at the Hotel Jazz with my girlfriend for 3 nights towards the end of August.The hotel is in an excellent location on Carrer Pelai. It is close enough to Placa Catalunya and the Ramblas to appreciate the buzz of the city, but removed enough to give you some respite from the mayhem and the crowds. We caught the Airport bus into Barcelona which costs around 7 euros per person for a return trip. The hotel is located 2 mins walk maximum from the Placa Universitat stop which is the 2nd one on the route. The hotel is modern and clean. The air conditioning in the room was superb and we had a balcony looking out onto the street outside. The room itself was a good size. The bathroom was fine although they do scrimp a bit on toiletries. I'd bring your own shower gels etc unless you consider washing an unnecessary luxury on your travels.The only downside to the hotel is possibly also one of its strengths, depending on your viewpoint. The hotel is superbly situated for 2 different Metro stations which is extremely handy when you need to get around the city and see the sights. The downside is that you can feel the rumbling of the trains as they go under the hotel, at least you could on the 3rd floor where we were located. I've had worse (the incessant sound of taxi horns in the Hotel Mela, Times Square NYC) and I can't say it disturbed me too much, but perhaps a consideration for those light sleepers amongst you who may find this an irritation. There are a couple of shops under the hotel which is useful for snacks and drinks if you want to avoid the minibar prices. The pool on the roof is tiny and I wouldn't recommend booking here for this alone, but it was a pretty nice place to kill time, particularly on our check out day when we just wanted to sit somewhere and chill out for a while. Don't expect to be able to sit up there at night though. It shuts fairly early.The hotel is excellent for a 3 star property, but I would suggest that the prices are pretty much 4 star level anyway. Aside from the hotel itself:The tourist bus stopped directly opposite our room and I'd recommend this as a good way of getting an overview if you are a first timer in the city and want to see as much as possible of the different areas. I think we used Barcelona Tours as this was one continuous loop, rather than the alternative Bus Turistic which has 3 different loops and involves changing bus to get round different areas.See as much Gaudi as you can. I'm no fan of architecture by any means but this is something else. Parc Guell is worth a visit if its a nice day (and you don't mind walking uphill to get there). Sagrada Familia is outstanding. There are a couple of boat tours in the Port around the harbour. Personally I found this a bit underwhelming. I'd save your time and money for other things.The Nou Camp tour is worth a visit even if you're no fan of football. The stadium is amazing and the history of the club is fascinating. They have the plans for its redevelopment up as well and it should be some spectacle when that is completed.Ignore some of the more negative websites that seem to have sprung up and which make out that Barcelona is something akin to the early days of the Wild West. It isn't. Just be sensible as you would in any other major city. I'd also read some ludicrous claims that you would mark yourself out as a target for muggers/pickpockets if you wore shorts/looked at a map/didn't speak Spanish etc. This is rubbish. The area around the top of the Ramblas felt very safe. There are a couple of areas around the lower end of the Raval which were a little seedy late at night, but just don't do anything stupid and you'll be fine. The worst crime I encountered was being charged 10 euros for 2 Heinekens in an Irish bar just off the Ramblas!We'd also heard that no-one eats in restaurants before 9 and you'd suffer from lack of atmosphere if you did. That didn't appear to be strictly true, although I concede we were only around for 3 nights. From what I could tell, most restaurants open around 8-8.30pm and it is sometimes worth getting there then to avoid the queues. On the Saturday night we arrived at one restaurant at 8.30 and were offered a seat on the terrace before opting for a window seat overlooking the Ramblas. At 9 they were turning people away. By 9.45 you could have taken your pick of tables again. It seems there is a burst of activity around 9 but either side of that isn't too bad.Enjoy.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>melbournecrow
<Content>As advertised I decided to stay at this hotel as it was my first stop after 30 hours of travelling from Australia, and I wanted a comfortable room. I stayed on the fifth floor, facing the main street and I barely heard any noise at all - not even any subway noise as mentioned in other reviews. As I was pretty much shattered after my flights, and suffering from a cold, I spent a great deal more time in the room than I had intended. I found the room to be very comfortable and the in room wifi was very handy. Overall a great stay.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	4	4	4	5	

<Author>CAT24London
<Content>Great location but be prepared for noise! Just returned from a long weekend at the Hotel Jazz in Barcelona and have a pretty mixed review which i hope will be helpful for those thinking of staying there.The hotel is lovely and clean, the beds and bathrooms are big for a city hotel and staff are friendly and helpful, the rooftop pool is a fab advantage and the views arent bad.However the hotel is in no way soundproofed internally! it is true we couldnt hear any street noise but the sound of the person in the room above showering was enough to wake me up every morning as well as the noise of the lift and staff and guests making their way along corridors which echoed throughout the rooms!Breakfast is a complete waste of time and was worse than anything i have ever tried to eat - definitely worth getting up and going out for it.Other than that it was a pleasant enough stay but would definitely choose somewhere else next time.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>SKCTokyo
<Content>Outstanding, but....... Anyone who would want to stay near the Ramblas in Barcelona must be under 30. It's little more than the longest souvenir strip mall in the world. Luckily, if you stay at Hotel Jazz, it's close enough to the Ramblas to be close, and far enough that you won't be bothered by all the vending. Overall, Hotel Jazz is well and centrally located.The interiors are modern, hard-edged, and hip. The only drawback is that the design of the hallways is also modern, hard-edged, and hip, and not furnished with wall-to-wall sound-attenuating carpet. That translates to NOISY. What with the staff slamming doors, insensitive guests slamming doors, and every child slamming doors, from 8:00 AM to 11:00 PM it's reminiscent of being in the middle of the orchestra pit during Tchaikovsky's 1812 Overture, complete with brass cannons.Outstanding breakfast. Nice roof deck with inconsequential pool.Fairly helpful staff who were unable to accommodate me with a mere two hour late checkout after a five-night stay.I would probably stay there again, but not before checking out the alternatives more closely.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>Chosenhiller1
<Content>Has everything Just returned with my wife from a lovely 3 day stay at the Hotel Jazz over our wedding anniversary. This was my seventh visit to the city and the best hotel so far. Location is excellent just a minutes walk from an airport bus stop which was handy as we didn't land until late. There's a metro station and numerous bus stops all within 300m of the front door and a walk of no more than 5 minutes gets you to Placa de Catalunya and Las Ramblas. Our room was excellent with a massive bed. Ours was on the fifth floor over reception, so not facing the main roads and was quiet with the balcony door shut. As mentioned on other reviews you can hear/feel the metro trains going under the hotel but only just. The air conditioning was very effective and quiet and was too good and had to be turned off on our first night as we were too cold!! For the days we were there it was very hot and the pool ,although small, was a welcome relief following a day of taking in the sights. The hotel had two PC's that offerred internet access and we were able to get free wi-fi in our room on our PDA. Breakfast was expensive but was very extensive with choices and if you are capable of eating lots of food in the morning you could have got your money's worth. Our room had a minibar fridge which we stocked up with drinks from the little shop round the corner which was much cheaper than the hotel prices. We had room service one afternoon by the pool which was relatively cheap and tasted nice. All in all a great short break and if we go back to Barcelona we would stay here again.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>XXLJCXX
<Content>Fanstic Hotel - Highly Recommened Went to Barcelon from the 11th -15th Aug. We chose to stay at Hotel Jazz after reading the reviews on trip advisor.The hotel we thought was great. Rooms are nice and spacious. The only downside to ours was that the main window/door in the room faced the inner courtyard, which meant we didnt have a great view, but this didnt really bother us. Bathroom was really modern, with a good supply of toiletriees. When we booked we requested a double bed, which we got but later found out it was two singles pushed together. We also had a small tv in the room but this only had a few channels in english.You also get a mini bar in your room, but dont be fooled as you have to pay for what is inside it! There is also a safe in the room which is free to use.Staff at the hotel were very pleasent, always saying hello and were very helpful. The reception staff spoke very good English.We didnt eat at the hotel, but the resturant did look very nice, but always seemed empty. We did have a drink in the bar while waiting to use the internet, it is responably priced, unlike some places in the town. The pool was a great way of relaxing after a long, hot day sight seeing, but you need to get there early as there a very few sun loungers and chairs. The pool bar is also very good, offering soft drinks, beer and snacks, which you can either pay for there and then or have then charged to your room. Overall we found Barcelona a very pleasent city, but one which we would go to once as we saw everything we wanted to see.During the 4 days which we was there we went on the Bus touristic, the aquarium and the zoo. Being a young couple in our early 20's we wasnt to fussed about seeing the old buildings etc, but we found the Bus touristic very helpful as it takes you round three routes, which takes you to the main sites such as Sagrada Familia, the Olympic Staduim and Barcelona Football ground. The bus offers a hop on hop off services which means you can visit the sites you want to in one trip. We got our tickets from a information desk, and with them you get a massive booklet with discount vouchers for other attractions and for resturants (so its a good idea to do it at the beginning our you holiday)We also visted the aquaruim. This was good but not worth the money and queue to get in. The zoo was really good although is situated outside the main town which meant getting a train. The Metro was really handy and easy to use. One thing we did find in Barcelona was that it is VERY expensive! We also found it quite difficult to find a decent resturant to have dinner in and a nice bar to have a drink. One bit of advice we would give is to buy your snacks and drinks from the supermarket, situated on the Rambles. Here it is very cheap. On our last evening we went down to get some breakfast for the next morning and ended up paying 2euros for a packets of 8 Croissants and a few other bits. We were paying 12 euros a day for exactly the same in the cafes. The resturants that we would recommend would be the Hard Rock Cafe, which is at the top of the Rambles, by the main square. Stay away from Mickeys which is further down the Rambles by the port. This resturants sting you with the drinks. We paid 7euros for a glass of coke, which is a silly price to pay plus the food wasnt great! We found a really nice bar which was reasonably priced, just off the Rambles (in the street between Mcdonalds and KFC) it was called My Bar. Staff are mainly English and it had a really good atmosphere.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Sparks_Travel
<Content>Great Stay The Hotel Jazz is a fantastic hotel in a great location. Check in was very smooth, no problems at all. The rooms are a good size, with nice bathrooms and very large and comfortable bed. The aircon was great as it was very hot outside. The hotel is very well located, about 5 mins walk to las Ramblas. Barcelona is a wonderful city, you are spoilt for choice for restuarants, bars sightseeing and anything else that you may want to do.If i had to complain about anything it would be the prices at the hotel. Our rate didn't include breakfast and you'd have to part with 15 Euros each for the privillage. I never understand why hotels charge so much as this shows as both the bar and restuarant was practically empty all the time . Mind you the poor rate we get for the Euro doesn't helpThe reception Desk was very helpful, they'd give directions, draw out maps and even book resevations for you. There is a pool at the top of the hotel, nothing special as it's tiny and very shallow, but still nice to have a cool dip at the end of hot day.Hotel aside, i would definitely recommend the tourist bus service. There are 3 routes, Reb, Blue and Green. This is the best way to see Barcelona. For around 13 Euro's a day (you can buy 2 and 3 days passes) you cant really go wrong.All in all the Hotel Jazz is a great hotel and Barcelona as a city is even better.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>asdlkj
<Content>Recomended My family stayed at the Hotel Jazz for a vacation. The hotel was very comfortable and well appointed. It's location is ideal (close to the Ramblas yet still reasonably quiet).  
<Date>Aug 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>hillbrow
<Content>Come to Barcelona - stay here I've regularly use tripadvisor as my main source for hotels - even over the guidebooks. I've stayed in some really nice places ove the last two years so I decided that I should have my view and help other users like they helped me.In other words, if you are in Barcelona, then stay here. The pool is just the icing on the cake. The location is perfect and all wrapped up in a great price (go via the intranet web pages and take your time with hotels and you can recieve great deals.However, I'm not going to give it five out of five because the staff were not always forthcoming. We got what we needed all the time and hence the great review but the occasionally distracted staff just rough over what was otherwise extremely excellent holiday. thumbs up.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	4	3	3	

<Author>Yates82
<Content>Fantastic in every way. This hotel is slightly expensive in comparison to other 3*'s but the service and quality of the hotel could easy make it a 4/5*. We had a room that faced onto the internal coutryard. At first I was unhappy about this and was going to ask them to change it but then thought it may be less noisy then those that faced onto the main road. The hotel staff were great and couldn't do anything more for us. They recomended and booked us great restaurants. The pc's are not connected to a printer so they went on our airlines website and printed off our flight tickets rather then going to a net cafe. The bathroom was a good size but was lacking in supplies. There was no 2in1 shampoo and conditioner or body lotion, only shampoo and a shower gel which looked and smelt like fairy liquid. So i went and bought some supplies. I didnt try the breakfast or the bar. For breakfast i found a great bakery at the top of Ronda di Sant Antonio just off Placa de la Universitat. The shop underneath the hotel has some basics but the fresh stuff wasn't that great. The metro does run underneath the hotel and you can hear the rumble of the passing trains but if you are going to stay less then 300m from the metro then you have to expect it. Overall a great hotel with a great location. I will definitely be staying here on my next trip to Barcelona  
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>ad_herts
<Content>Nice pool and good location Overall this was a very nice hotel. We loved the pool and the loungers on the roof, and the location was excellent - just down the road from the Ramblas and Placa de Catalunya, to which the Aerobus goes direct from the airport.We were only faintly aware of the vibrations from the underground trains, really not intrusive at all.The breakfast selection was very good, classic continental fare, as well as the usual breakfast cereals and a good selection of fruit juices. Unfortunately the Spanish have no idea about how to make tea, and hence it can be a bit weak!One thing that was quite irritating was that the roof was locked at 8pm. Guests are not allowed to use the solarium or pool after this time, which would have been a lovely way to spend the evenings.Although there were no tea or coffee making facilities in the room, I am told this is not unusual for hotels in Spain. There was however free internet access in the Bar area for checking e-mails etc.I would recommend this hotel for someone that wants to stay central and see the city sights. It is perhaps not the best hotel for people with young children, although there were some families there when we stayed.Room service was quick and reasonably cheap. The room had very effective air conditioning. The en-suite was very clean but did get quite warm. There was a flat-screen television with a couple of English channels, but who wants to stay in watching TV on holiday anyway.The reception staff we friendly and helpful.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Honeyrugger
<Content>Excellent Stay at Hotel Jazz We really enjoyed our stay at Hotel Jazz, I booked it because of reviews I read on Tripadvisor and we were not disappointed!! it is in a very central location only three minutes from the top of Las Ramblas, the staff were really nice, the room was clean, large and had great air conditioning and a mini bar, we had sky news and cable TV (not that we watched it!) I cant recommend this hotel enough! The roof top pool is lovely too!  
<Date>Aug 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Foreman
<Content>Excellent; shame about the barman!! Hubby  I have just returned after a 4 night stay at the Hotel Jazz, booked solely on the recommendations of Trip Advisor travellers reviews. On the whole we were very pleased with our stay; the room was a good size with a massive,comfortable bed  excellent air conditioning which was essential as Barcelona was in the middle of a heatwave. Our room was facing the main street but no noise was heard. The location is brilliant, with easy access to most major sites either on foot or Metro (we mostly used Universitat Metro which is nearer the hotel than Catalonya.) The rooftop pool was a blessing but timings had to be right!! It got very busy around 4pm daily  was at times impossible to get a sunbed (due to towel blockers!!) or even a chair. We started to go out early to sightsee  returned to the pool earlier in the afternoon, when it was much quieter, which was a nice relaxing end to the day before going out for the evening. Breakfast was expensive at the hotel  as others have recommended, can be obtained from cafe's along the road for much less. We had several excellent  reasonably priced meals around the Placa Reial, left off Las Ramblas, with our favourite being La BoTiga which is on Carrer d' Escudellers. Don't get drawn in to the huge queues that form at the 15 Nits (yes really!!) in the corner of the square; other restaurants are as good  you get served straight away. The reception staff were helpful when approached but don't make a point of acknowledging guests when you enter or leave the building. We had a late flight  were kindly allowed to use the pool after check out.; however the pool barman quite rudely refused to allow us clean towels to shower with so we had to dry using ones very damp from the pool. He obviously has another job as the hotels laundryman!! Not a major issue but irritating considering the cost of the hotel  not an attitude you would receive from the Hilton for example. Otherwise a very enjoyable visit!  
<Date>Aug 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	2	3	

<Author>JemmaChapelizod
<Content>Excellent Location and Refreshing Rooftop Pool       Bathroom  
<Date>Jul 30, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>kingtay
<Content>Superb place to stay, but you do pay for it My partner and I stayed at the Hotel Jazz in July '08 for 6 nights following all the positive comments made about it on TA. We were certainly not disappointed and had a superb stay. The Jazz is perfectly located to explore Barcelona, being walking distance from the Ramblas but importantly also near the Universitatt and Placa Catalunya Metro stations which made exploring the city easy.The hotel itself was spotless, our room was large and always cleaned well and the bathroom was much larger than our expectations. We didn't have a view from our patio doors (it looked out upon the central 'garden' area) however I never mind an inside room in Spanish cities as it keeps the noise to a minimal level. One key aspect was the attitude of the staff who were quite simply excellent - some reviews on TA had questioned their attitude but they were exceptionally helpful and courteous to us, answering questions, giving advice allowing me to print things for free from the reception PC's and so on.The rooftop pool is a great addition and one of the reasons we chose the Jazz and it provided a great place to relax when not out trawling Barca. Towels are provided by the pool. A bar / cafe is available on the roof, however, we chose to just buy baguettes from the shop next door and to eat them by the pool.Travelling from the airport, the aeorbus (about 4 Euros each) takes you to Universitaat where it is literally a 2-minute walk to the hotel - unfortunately, it only picks up again from Placa Catalunya which, with a suitcase is more like a 7-10 minute walk. We got a taxi back to the airport which cost 35 Euros with tip.I was in Barcelona for work and therefore my hotel was paid for on expenses. The total cost for the 6 nights stay was 拢900, which for a 3-star hotel is a lot of money, and this would normally be over my budget if travelling for leisure. This price didn't include breakfast either. The Jazz is, however, a well placed and excellently managed hotel with great service and therefore if you can afford to pay these prices, it's a solid bet that it will provide an excellent base to discover Barcelona.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TexasSpeakeasy
<Content>Great Location  After disembarking from a cruise ship at 9:00 in the morning, we took a taxi to The Jazz and were able to check in early and were upgraded to a suite! After 12 days on a cruise ship we really loved the space, especially the lovely bathroom with both a tub and shower! We also enjoyed the short walk to Las Ramblas. We found the staff very friendly and eager to fulfill each request we had. Since we had an early flight the next day we didn't get a chance to try the breakfast that was included with our room. We would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>sullytex
<Content>Thumbs up for the Jazz Hotel Jazz was a great stay. Located very close to La Rambla but far enough away from the Frenzy. The rooms were smart and clean, and very quiet. Our room was adjacent to a fairly busy street which I never heard, unless I had the window open. Also, a major metro station is about a 2 minute walk from the hotel. We used it extensively.The pool was a nice place to relax mid afternoon and actually got a bit crowded at times. Helpful English speaking staff. Good value for the price. I'd recommend it to a friend.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>taxiartist
<Content>Fabulous Hotel Hotel was beautiful, large very comfortable rooms, swimming pool on roof was a nice way to relax after touring all day. Excellent location. Fabulous breakfast buffet. Staff was friendly and recommended great restaurants. Highly recommend his hotel  
<Date>Jul 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Gurujake
<Content>Almost got it right... Modern hotel, spacious room, suprisingly quiet and a GREAT location! That said, I'm not sure that I would stay here again as the bed we had was awful. We both woke up with back pain from the mattress we had - you could feel the springs! It's a shame that they get everything else right but the bed falls way short. When the only time you spend in your room is to sleep and you can't do so comfortably, that's a failure in my book.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	5	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>Magellan13
<Content>Hotel Jazz... Mmmmm Great! We booked this hotel due to its proximity to Las Ramblas and the metro station at Universitat and were thoroughly impressed with the place. The rooms are clean, well equipped with amenities and have great showers, although the bathtubs are little small. The Hotel's rooftop pool is also the perfect way to cool-off after a hot day of sightseeing!Only grumble was the price of the continental breakfast (15 Euros - you'll get a much better deal at any one of thousands of cafe's in the area) but other than this the hotel gets a big thumbs up  
<Date>Jul 10, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>img712
<Content>Great Hotel / Great Location       Hotel Jazz Entrance  
<Date>Jul 9, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	4	2	

<Author>TraveltogetherDallas
<Content>Perfect Location; Great Rooms This is a great hotel from which to explore Barcelona. Its location (near the Placa Catalunya, La Rambla, and the shopping area along the Passeig Gracia) is superb. It's also near several Metro stations, which makes getting to other areas of the city a breeze.The rooms are spotless and a good size for a city like Barcelona and the location of the hotel. Our room (on the 4th floor) was very quiet. Periodically, we could hear the subway rumbling below, but it was not a distraction in any respect.Minibar is great as it is big and they don't fill it full of stuff, so there is plenty of room to put your own water bottles and a bottle of wine or snacks. No concierge and the front desk staff seemed somewhat willing to assist, but certainly not rushing to provide advice or assistance. Just don't rely on them for anything other than check-in; check-out; and wake-up calls (by the way, the rooms have no bedside clock, which I thought was strange).The shower/bath combination is strange in that the piece of glass that is intended to enclose the shower is not large enough. It makes for somewhat of a chilly shower and the water gets on the floor. However, the water pressure is excellent by European standards and there is plenty of very hot water. As noted in previous reviews, the amenities are poor and not abundant (the soap bar literally lasts for one shower--not sure how it dissolves so quickly). Based on the prior reviews, I brought a few small bars from another hotel to supplement. Also, there is no box of Kleenex--only a small packet with about 8 tissues. If there is one thing about the rooms that the management needs to improve, it is the bath amenities.We didn't eat in the restaurant and the bar looked empty and depressing, so we stayed away. I did ask for a glass in the bar since there were not enough in our room, and the surely bartender refused. Not sure what he thought I was going to do with the glass.Overall, we had a very good experience. The main thing is that the hotel was clean, quiet, safe, well-located, and provided a good night sleep. After all, you aren't hanging out at the hotel a whole lot in a beautiful city like Barcelona.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	3	5	

<Author>JonatanLoter
<Content>Great Hotel!!! First of all: Incredible location... The room service is excellent: I asked for an ethernet cable and they brought me one in 3 minutes... After this, I asked for two bath towels, and in less than two minutes they were in my room.The room is nice, clean and with a modern style. The employees are very nice and kind people... I have read some reviews that complained with this issue, but I had a great experience.I didn't use the amenities, but I visited the pool at the roof and is very nice.The relation cost/benefits is VERY GOOD... Beause I paid 140 euros for the first week of July, which is high season.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jamalibu
<Content>Wonderful hotel in a great location We had a very enjoyable stay at the Hotel Jazz. The staff was friendly and helpful and we were within walking distance of many of the major sights of Barcelona. We would definitely stay here again on future trips!  
<Date>Jul 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Arielarafe
<Content>Cool hotel in Barcelona! My husband really wanted a hotel with a roof top pool. So I picked this hotel in the middle of city and were pleasantly surprised since the hotel staff is super nice and gave us some of dinner suggestions around town.We took a cab which is about 15 minutes to the hotel which is near the center of many sight seeing attractions. The room is clean and very spacious...the only weird thing is the blanket has a tiny burnt hole in it... They have a wonderful roof top pool in which we took advantage of when we just wanted to relax and provided pool side lounge chairs and towels. The hotel is walking distance to most places and is very close to the Metro station. Barcelona is really wonderful city with many amazing architecture and the culinary is not to be missed from their famous tapas selections. Would definitely come back again!  
<Date>Jul 4, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>looking4wardtomyhols
<Content>Lovely hotel, lovely city. Booked the hotel based on the reviews from trip advisor, and was not dissappointed. The hotel is near to the Metro station, at the top end of Las Ramblas. There are some nice restaurants close by, however for going out for drinks  nice bars, the marina area is probably better.There is a little shop to the left of the hotel which sells pastries and some basics.The rooms are very large and very well insulated , the road below is quite busy but you cant hear any of it in the room, we did have a large balcony door but not much of a balcony.The pool is on the top floor and the hotels provide towels for you to use around the pool area.All in all a lovely hotel!  
<Date>Jul 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>needabreakWorcester
<Content>Superb Location, Brilliant staff Stayed at this hotel for the third year running - wouldn't stay anywhere else. Rooms very spacious  very modern. The breakfasts are more than adequate and the bar is a perfect place to start the evening. The hotel receptionists certainly know how to recommend good restaurants within a couple of minutes walk of the hotel. Will definitely be back again soon.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Anglopp
<Content>Brilliant ! Top class accomodation, great location, great rooms, just book iy, you won't be disappointed.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Musicman007
<Content>Fabulous Hotel , great location, superb housekeeping I went to Barcelona last July and stayed at the Montacado H10 and thought that was good. The Hotel Jazz is absolutely fantastic. We arrived around 1pm and were quickly checked in and our bags taken. Now, as we are in a major city I expected the room to be small - it was last year, but boy did we have a suprise - it was huge, plenty of room , comfortable beds, spotlessly clean, and a lovely large bathroom with all facilities.The hotel itself is about 5 mins walk from PLace de Catalunya where you can get the airport bus to and from. There is a Starbucks on the way which was great for the morning coffee and plenty of bars , shops etc. and you are only max 2 min walk to the top of Las Ramblas. The rooftop solarium and pool are perfect for a city and the views are quite extensive. We never tried room service etc or the bar as we were out most of the time.Now to Housekeeping, this is where many hotels get it wrong but at the Jazz it was absolutely spotless everyday and the staff deserve a special thanks. Every day when we came back the room looked perfect - we were so impressed we left an extra large tip for the cleaners - they deserve it - well done !Make sure you go to the old market just of Las Ramblas - if you are going down from the top it is about 100m on the right. Amazing place, fab fresh food and there is a cafe in there where you can eat, may have to wait though but it is well worth it.Superb break all in all and I will definitely go back to the Jazz again.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LongIslandFlan
<Content>Fantastic Accomodations We spent 3 weeks in Europe and stayed at 6 hotels and 5 were very, very good; Hotel Jazz was the best. We had two adults and two kids (8 and 13) and our room was spectacular. I can't do justice to the room -- it was perfect. Because it was for 4 it was a corner with floor to ceiling windows that opened as if to a balcony, although a balcony only 6 inches deep. The room was spacious, spotless, and modern. The bathroom was large and you could eat off the floor. The pool on the roof was open and chilly but the kids didn't care -- actually it worked out great as they were the only ones in it. The view by the pool is wonderful. The room and hotel was spotless. Quick walk to the Rambla, but not on it which is a good thing. Near all subway stops and a Starbucks. I had to do some business while there and I had no problems with internet access or getting documents printed by the staff. The staff was ok, not overly friendly, but I didn't find many people in Spain who were particularly friendly. If I sound like I'm in love, it's b/c I am with the Hotel Jazz -- too bad I don't feel the same way about Barcelona and won't be going back anytime soon.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	3	3	4	

<Author>virtuesoft
<Content>Very good hotel, great location! I had a very enjoyable stay for 2 nights at this hotel. The location is excellent, it is very close to a lot of the major sites in Barcelona and is well placed for the metro system. I didn't try the breakfast as it was too expensive but there are some cafes nearby, I ended up picking up some pastries each morning which saved me a fortune. I had a room facing inward so I had no real view apart from the tiny courtyard but this meant that there was no street noise at all. The room was very, very quiet, in fact it was probably the quietest room I have had in a city hotel. The rooftop pool is small but it is well worth a visit as there is a great view over the city. The only thing I can fault with the hotel is the price, I ended up paying 拢404 for a two night stay (Friday  Saturday). Everybody has their own budget and this was right at the top of mine, but I have stayed in 5 star hotels for less. If you can get a good deal on this hotel I highly recommend it.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>littleshoe77
<Content>Nice, maybe a bit expensive Very nice hotel, clean, sleek style. Location is perfect, walking distance from Placa Catalunya and therefore Ramblas and Barrio Gotico. Little swimming pool on the roof top.You can access WIFI and also use 2 Computers on the 1st floor by the bar for free. We didn't try the breakfast as seemed a bit expensive, but it was not a problem as just right next to it there is a little cafe that serves croissant (the chocolate covered ones were great), or savory sandiwiches and makes coffees (even to take away - altouhg in a plastic cup). Next to this cafe there is a little shop where you can buy icecreams and water or drinks. The room is confortable and big enough - seem all new. The bed in particular is huge. They have double glazing windows so even if some rooms are on the main street you forget you are there. On the negative note...i think it is very expensive, probably for 210 euros a nighe it is not as great as it should be - or at least it should include the breakfast.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	3	-1	4	

<Author>Laureltraveler
<Content>Liked the Hotel Jazz We stayed at the Hotel Jazz in Barcelona for three nights prior to a cruise. The rooms were very comfortable and attractive. The bathroom was spacious and clean. The location was excellent -- we could walk to just about everything. The helpfulness of the staff was uneven -- some front desk personnel were cold and brusque, others were very nice. They appeared to be generally understaffed. No concierge, no bellhops. Not a luxurious experience, but a good value.  
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	3	3	5	

<Author>Aoifa
<Content>Had camera stolen The Hotel is very nice abit like a business hotel but rooms very clean, air conditioning great and close to everything. Would recommend for those reasons however I had my camera stolen in the bar and I didn't feel that the hotel took it seriously I was not at any stage asked details about where I was sitting etc. I was passed to the bar when speaking to reception and then told at the bar to speak to reception. No-one really wanted to deal with it. Also filled in comment sheet left email addess asking for a reply about the theft. I have not received a reply and wonder what is the point in filling in the reviews. For the cost of the hotel I did not expect to get something stolen within the hotel. Beware of setting anything down in this hotel.  
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>2	3	5	5	5	3	2	4	

<Author>vjdjr
<Content>Smart Hotel We (2 couples in 2 rooms) booked this hotel because of the reviews at TripAdvisor. We were not disappointed.The location was ideal. Within a block of an Aerobus stop (Universitat) and two blocks from Plaza Catalunya, the center of town. We're all city-dwellers (Chicago), so the noise around the hotel was no problem. The windows were well-insulated to cut down on noise in the room. We did notice the rumbling of the subway (from our rooms on the 4th floor), but it wasn't anything that would keep us awake.The hotel is smartly furnished. The rooms are well-lit, large (for a European hotel), and nicely appointed. There's a bedside closed-circuit radio (no commercials) that plays the music from the bathroom. (Trust me, it's cool.) Bedding was comfortable. My only complaint was with the bathroom ammenities: shower gel would have to be used as shampoo. We had very prompt service from the staff when our radio went off at 4AM our first morning and we didn't yet know what it was. (Is there an alarm feature that we didn't know about?)The breakfast was expensive, but substantial and worthwhile. Be hungry. The cool  rainy weather wasn't making the rooftop pool a good option, but the views from up there were very nice.This was our first trip to Barcelona and we were very intrigued by the city. When we go back, the Hotel Jazz will be our first choice.  
<Date>May 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>GuernseyDonkey
<Content>Centrally Located We stayed here for 5 nights in May. The Hotel is centrally loacted a few minutes walk from several metro stops and the main square and Les Ramblas are a few minutes walk away too. The Hotel is very clean and the rooms are a good size. There was no coffee/tea making facilities which would have been nice. The fridge is a good size so you can put your own bottles water in there. The bathroom was a good size however I was a bit dissapointed with the toilieries. There was no shampoo or conditioner or body conditioner. The breakfast was good with ample choice, cereals, fruit, yoghurt, sausages, eggs bread and pastries with juice, water etc to drink. Staff were very helpful for restaurany recommendations.The two day tourist bus trip was evry good value and this is loacted in the main square. Would also recommens walking around the old quarter, the cabe car ride to the old castle and a cycle tour. We used Fat tire (english speaking) and they were very good. It is a very slow pace and really good fun.We woudl definetly go back to Barcelona and would stay at the Jazz again. The rooftop pool is good too.  
<Date>May 16, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>trav226
<Content>Another good choice from TripAdvisor Once again I have not gone wrong in picking a hotel that's in the top 4 or 5 on this site. Hotel Jazz was fine - certainly not the best or fanciest, but the location was excellent (very close to metro stop and walking distance to p. catalunya/ramblas); clean rooms; room was certainly larger than some europe hotels I've been in; and very helpful and friendly night staff (note I stress night). The roof deck w/ pool is very nice (just wish it was open later).The main complaint I have about this place is the stinginess with the toiletries. We had to practically beg for additional toilet paper and soap; the maid never left enough. The toilet paper was just slightly softer than sand paper and the soap was tiny and melted in 5 minutes. We resorted to using the bath gel as handsoap bc we never had enough to last. They also don't provide any moisturizer or hair conditioner, and only about 5 tissues per day in a tiny sealed package. Once we saw what the deal was with the toiletries, it made sense that this was only ranked a 3-star hotel. Luckily the maid left the cart unattended in the hall a few times so we stocked up. The breakfast is a rip off at 15 euros per person though the selection was fairly good - however, they kept running out of things the 2 times we went bc they use the buffet to assemble the room service orders!  
<Date>May 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	2	4	3	

<Author>Beez77
<Content>Good experience Hotel was as advertised: stylish, well-located right off the Placa de Catalunya, comfortable.  
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NewHampshire_8
<Content>Very nice hotel in a great location The hotel was clean, the staff was friendly and helpful, good size rooms, great location. Access to the subway system is about a two minute walk. Enjoyed the rooftop pool. Will stay at the Hotel Jazz when I return to Barcelona.  
<Date>May 7, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>trave_by_Donkey
<Content>Very comfortable, very helpful, generally excellent This 3 star hotel is easily better than 4 star hotels I've stayed in. The staff were incredibly nice and helpful whilst not being over-familiar, the room was stylish, relaxing place and very comfortable. Basically I couldn't think of anything negative to say here even if I wanted to. Sure, there is a slight and rumble from the subway to be heard but it's really nothing disturbing and besides, you're in a big city - what do you expect. Very highly recommended.  
<Date>May 7, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jaspySydney
<Content>Really nice hotel in great location       View from the roof  
<Date>May 6, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	3	4	5	

<Author>artsong1
<Content>very nice, clean, helpful staff We decided to try this hotel based on recommendations read here; we were not disappointed. Our room was on the 5th floor, and, yes, we did hear the subway, but it didn't bother us. Room was otherwise quiet, and very clean, and when our room telephone malfunctioned, the staff fixed it immediately. Also, the day we arrived it was pouring rain; the staff had sturdy umbrellas available for us to borrow. The breakfast was very good, and the hotel is within walking distance of many nice shops, restaurants, and the metro and tourist bus line. Staff spoke English, and helped us find our way around. I will stay at the Hotel Jazz again.  
<Date>May 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>CharlesX
<Content>Nice Hotel Very Modern hotel in a enjoyable Location just 10mins walk from the Top of the Ramblas. Roof top pool was excellent with plenty of seating. We enjoyed the fact that there was plenty of restaurants within 5 mins walk of hotel. We would recommend hotel to friends. April 2008  
<Date>Apr 26, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Ahip
<Content>very good experience Overall, this was an excellent stay. As noted by others the location of the hotel is a major benefit. The metro stop is essentially outside the door and other sites of interest are very close. Breakfast was not included in my rate but I preferred to venture out for something to eat with numerous possibilities close by. As noted by others noise of the metro can be a problem however I was on the 6th floor with an interior-facing room and heard only a very mild rumble which was not at all a problem. The room and hotel in general were clean with a lot of wood (e.g., wood floors, wood floors with carpet down the middle in the halls). This has a pleasing appearance but one should remember that wood does not absorb sound so you may hear a bit more hall noise than you'd like. The staff were pleasant and helpful and overall I thought my stay there was very good. However, my one complaint (as noted in some other reviews) was the lack of air conditioning. This time of year, Barcelona is certainly not hot but with the room window closed and the air conditioning fan on high there was barely detectable air movement let alone cooling. On some evenings I had the large room window (i.e., sliding door) open to cool things off before sleeping. Looking out the window I saw others doing the same thing, however, I'm not sure this is something I'd want to do in the summer. Overall, at a relatively cool time of year I would certainly stay here again.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	5	4	4	3	4	

<Author>Dymphna
<Content>Loved the City The hotel is very central. Within walking distance of all the main attactions. The stop for the tour bus is just up the street, which i would highly recommend. We grabbed a taxi from the airport into the hotel, which was 20mins. The hotel is about 5 mins walk from Las Ramblas. The hotel is a boutique hotel, which worked out at about 鈧?00.00 for 3 nights. This was about 鈧?7 each per night. This did not include breakfast. You could get breakfast in the hotel but it is very pricey at 鈧?5.00 per person. It is a fab breakfast (got it the morning we flew home) but it is very expensive. The hotel is very modern, minimalistic interiors. The rooms are small, however very clean and servicable. The staff on reception were very helpful when approached. I would totally recommend staying at this hotel and hopefully will stay there again soon.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>scourmont77
<Content>Clean hotel, helpful staff, great location, good price I returned on April 20, from a 5 day-4 night stay at Hotel Jazz. The hotel is very clean and well maintained. The location is superb just off the beaten path but still very close to the metro, the bus, and taxi. The hotel breakfast was too expensive but there were plenty of cafes within steps. We could hear the train very slightly, at first I thought it would be a problem, but it was not at all disruptive. The hotel staff was also very pleasant and spoke in English to us, which was extremely helpful.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>jobymaloby
<Content>Excellent Experience! Really good hotel, represents good value for money and is in a great central location. Nice clean, modern decor; rooms are not large, but perfectly comfortable. Service was very good. I left an item in the hotel and the staff could not have done more to help me when I called them from the UK. They called me back twice and sent the item back to me without charge. Excellent!! Only criticism is that they do not have irons in the room, nor can you borrow an iron and ironing board, but I think this is a policy of NN Hotels as the same is true in the couple of other hotels in the same group that I have stayed in.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>MaritimeExplorers
<Content>Excellent Stay! Excellent Location!!! The hotel was in an awesome location. We walked everywhere we wanted to go. The rooms were very clean and modern. Our only complaint was the lack of an ice machine, so once the bar was closed any drink you had in your room were warm :(  
<Date>Apr 20, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MSB5
<Content>Good hotel/great location! Stayed for one week in February-- had 2 rooms on the 5th floor. They were clean and comfortable. We loved the location! You can walk easily to las ramblas and the metro. We could hear the trains but it wasn't very loud and did not really bother us at all. Staff were pleasant and helpful when needed. We generally don't really require or ask for much assistance. But we had originally booked the hotel for only 5 nights but then changed our plans and wanted to stay an additional 3 nights. They were able to accommodate us for only 2 additional nights but kindly made our last nights reservation at another nearby hotel for us. Overall, I thought it was a clean,pleasant,  safe hotel in a great location. It was a little pricey(largely due to a poor exchange rate) and I would love to have had a breakfast included for the price.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	3	4	3	

<Author>UKLove2travel
<Content>Good hotel, but overpriced for what it is Stayed 2 nights in Hotel Jazz, we had upgraded to a Jr Suite, which was a lovely room, very spacious, all mod cons, maybe a little 'worn' in places, fridge not working, nor aircon, but didn't spend enough time in he room to make an issue of these things. Other than a great room, the hotel has nothing to offer, breakfast (included in our deal) was only so  so, waitresses were running away  hiding in the klitchen instead of seeing to people's tables, you had to literally go  stand by the kitchen door to grab one of them as they came out to ask for your coffee, an omelette etc... and then they still ignored you, also not much choice, but hey it's only a 3-star. The Bar was always empty, the barman hiding somewhere, we always had to go and find him to serve us a drink. Location, in my view, not so great, true it's close to Plaza Catalunya for access to public transport, but area has nothing to offer, no nice bars or restaurants. I would recommend you can find hotels slightly out of the city centre much much cheaper, offering better facilities (spa, restaurants,etc.) and use the Metro for the times you want to come into the city centre. We paid far too much for a hotel like Hotel Jazz which hasn't much to offer. They did allow us a very late check-out till 7 pm, and did not charge extra for it, maybe we were just lucky there.... would not recommend because of its cost - not good value for money.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2008
<Rating>4	2	4	3	2	4	3	-1	

<Author>molineux1
<Content>REALLY disappointed - please don't make our mistake. Stay elsewhere. We are well travelled having stayed in numerous hotels in numerous countries around the world and have just returned from Barcelona after a 5 day trip. We chose the Jazz after reading TripAdvisor reviews and have always been really impressed with the honesty of reviews here and all the previous hotels we have stayed in as a result of these recommendations have been fantastic. I have never felt it necessary to write a review before because all of the other reviews have said exactly what I would have done. However, the Jazz is different. Very different.  We stayed here as it was cheap in comparison with other hotels and we decided that all we needed was a roof over our head as we'd spend most of the day sightseeing. However, we had forgotten how important level of service, basic amenities and manners were to us. Prior to our arrival I emailed the hotel telling them we were on honeymoon and asking for general advice including how to get Barcelona tickets. We received no reply whatsoever. I assumed it may have just been overlooked. On our arrival, having been delayed and having issues with our bagagge, I called down to ask if we could borrow an iron. I was told that the hotel did not let guests use irons for 'security 'reasons. I offered a 拢100 deposit but was still refused. I then asked for their advice and was told they would gladly iron our clothes for 5 euros each item!!! My wife and I then went to speak to the staff who we're TOTALLY uninterested in our requests and literally just shrugged their shoulders. I then asked how other guests ironed their clothes as i suspected we weren't the first to have this issue and I was told to go and BUY and iron and ironing board! Madness. Fortunately, another couple (potentially the previous reviewer) lent us a travel iron for the night. (Thank you so much :-) ) We finally bought an iron and had to iron all of our clothes on a table. We noted an iron burn on the dressing table indicating others had had the same problem.The rest of the stay was poor even though we REALLY tried to make the best of it. Towels weren't replaced, mini bar poorly stocked - and prices ridiculous - bath gel/shampoo not replaced (we had to leave notes asking for more!) and our double room was two twin beds pushed together. We have read in other reviews about noise from the metro. We were on the sixth floor and you hear it CLEARLY! There is no two ways about it. We stayed in hotels in New York where soundproofing was excellent - the Jazz was appalling. Before we left a friend suggested staying in a youth hostel and I laughed because we like the comfort of a hotel - but we genuinely feel that Hotel Jazz was little more than a clean, secure place to stay. It is overpriced, poorly staffed, and staying there totally spoilt our trip. That is the first time we would say that about any hotel and can usually see the positives in every place we stay. rooms look good but the amenities are basic. The lobby is really basic and I now know why the main photos I've seen are only of the room itself.I often read reviews on here when people are disappointed with a hotel and think 'I bet they were a miserable couple' or 'I bet they didn't give it a chance'. But we did try to enjoy the hotel. We are an average, hard working couple, who hoped that by paying 拢700 for a hotel for 5 nights we'd have a good break. We were wrong. We have given the hotel a rating of one star so that the hotel staff read our review and make changes to the hotel and other tripadvisor members also read it and hopefully learn from our mistake. PLEASE don't make the same mistake we did - just stay elsewhere.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	3	4	5	1	1	3	

<Author>jellybag
<Content>Excellent hotel Chose the Hotel Jazz after having read reviews on Trip Advisor and they were very accurate. Its in an excellent location, 5 minutes off La Rambla, is very well designed, modern, smart and efficiently run. The staff were lovely, cleaning was very well done and everything you could want was provided in the room. We even managed a morning's sun-bathing by the pool as the weather was good and the views from there are wonderful. I had requested a high room, as suggested, as there is a fair amount of traffic noise, but we slept with the french door open with no problem. We had breakfast just over the road (turn right out of the hotel) in a tapas bar surrounded by Spanish people - 鈧? for coffee and croissant/filled roll. Excellent hotel and would definitely recommend it.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Annie099
<Content>Niggles at the Jazz Just rerurned from a 3 day break from Barcelona staying at the hotel Jazz. Having stayed in Barcelona on 3 previous occasions, I can safely say this is my least favourite hotel. Whilst the rooms were clean and reasonably well equipped, there was an unpleasant damp smell in the bathroom and no mirror in the bedroom. For those who rely on straighterners or tongs, it was a thankless task styling hair in a steamy bathroom!When the mini bar was restocked it was irratic and on one occassion I had to request clean towels as these had not been replenished by housekeeping. We were room only and were not impressed that on 2 of the 3 mornings cleaning in the corridors started at 8.45, not the alarm call that we had requested!In addition,I can not endorse other reviews relating to the staff. The reception staff were fine but I was rather disappointed that a security guard /concierge (not sure which)watched myself and two daughters struggle down reception stairs with heavy cases without offering to help. The bar, although pleasant ,was irritatating as it was never staffed and it was impossible to get a drink after 11.30pm! The one plus re this area was that internet access is free!I also was disappointed that staff were not more supportive towards a young honeymoon couple whose luggage had been lost and when reunited with its owners was badly creased. The couple asked for the use of an iron but were told that this was not possible and that there was a charge of 5euros to iron each garmentMy main reason for selecting this hotel however was to take advantage of the rooftop pool. On the first day the weather was 21c and I looked forward to taking a dip. I was disappointed by the size, barely bigger than my bath, and the concept that the pool is heated was laughable.All in all a disappointing stay and next time I'll go back to the Rivoli Ramblas! Louise, Newcastle upon Tyne  
<Date>Apr 9, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	4	3	2	1	-1	

<Author>jeaterhoops
<Content>great hotel, glad we chose it Just back from a five night stay In Barcelona. We stayed in Hotel Jazz after reading the reviews here, and I must say we were delighted with our choice. Great central location , seconds from Metro Station, Modern, clean rooms, good service. We had breakfast included which was an excellent decision as well. Breakfast (buffet style) was served from 7am-11am which accomodated most lifestyles, and of great importance to English visitors they served tea as well as coffee.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>TAM099
<Content>Hotel Jazz Fan Have just returned from a 4 night stay with my son at this superb hotel. He (age 15) was particularly taken with the roof level pool, which is not really large enough for serious swimming but a great place to 'chill out'. The staff were polite, friendly and helpful without exception.The rooms are a comfortable size and well fitted out.The double glazing is very effective but cannot eliminate all street noise - so if that bothers you, ask for a room at the back.The location of the hotel could not be better in my view - easy access to two different Metro stations (one literally 50 metres away and the other a 5 min walk). It is not bang in the middle of the tourist area which means that you can escape from the hectic pace whilst having it within easy striking distance.Will definitely book again for next visit.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	4	

<Author>Cheerfulchick
<Content>Modern, clean, central We stayed at the Hotel Jazz for nine nights around Easter. The hotel is modern and well appointed and includes a swimming pool on the roof. The staff are really friendly and helpful. Housekeeping did a good job. There is free internet access for those who like to stay in touch. Hotel Jazz is just around the corner from the Metro at Universitat, and is about 250 metres from Placa Catalunya from where it is easy to walk to numerous tourist sites, and where there's a huge Metro station and bus stops.The only downside to our stay was the noise from ambulances and the rumble of the Metro, but I am a light sleeper - my husband didn't notice either of these.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>popeye9
<Content>outstanding hotel and value Hotel Jazz is outstanding.My wife and I thought it was better than most 4 stars and some 5 stars that we have stayed in around Europe /US.Staff unobtrusive but helpful - rooms large and decor/furniture excellent. Beds large and comfortable - plenty of cupboard space. The bathrooms,decor and cleanliness were really high quality.The location made it perfect for anyone wishing for a 4 day break in this great city. To make it perfect a roof top swimming pool with great views enabled us to do a bit of sunbathing in early April!!  
<Date>Apr 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Lesley M
<Content>Believe the reviews My husband and I have just returned from a weekend in Barcelona where we stayed at the Hotel Jazz which we chose on the basis of the Trip Advisor reviews. I just want to endorse all the other good reviews. It was one of the best thought-through hotel designs I've encountered. Plenty of lights (including tiny halogen reading lights on each side of the bed which could be angled to shine brightly on my book but didn't disturb my sleeping husband), decent full length mirror, plenty of coat hangers etc. I knew when I turned off the lights on our first night and noticed a glow through the windows that I would find black-out curtains that I hadn't closed, and so I did. The location is excellent - quiet but 5 minutes from La Rambla. The breakfasts are good but try and get them included in your deal because they are quite pricey. Hotel Jazz in one of a chain of 9 hotels in Barcelona - Nunez Navarro - and they all look equally stylish. Next time we'll probably try another one of them just for a change.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	4	5	

<Author>minifish
<Content>A hotel offering a great location and a decent value       Entering Room 416  
<Date>Apr 2, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>chirpyLondon
<Content>Great Location Not too much to say which has not already been said, nice, clean and very enjoyable stay, would recommend this hotel very good location and service spot on.Unfortunately did not use the hotel aminities as I was out and about in Barcelona from start to finish and due to the location in the center.Great hotel and fantastic city go and have brilliant time, some good clubs down by the sea.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Rajiv_Anu
<Content>God Hotel in the heart of Barcelona       Wadrobe  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>1citybreak
<Content>Fab break Excellent hotel, booked after trawling through hundreds of hotel reviews  was not disappointed. Great location, very clean, stayed in room 501, didn't hear the metro, room spacious, towels cleaned daily. Huge bed, plenty storage  safe for valuables. Only downside was hubby found shower over bath quite tight (could be due to him being over sized). Don't know if they have rooms with seperate showers. If you need large fluffy towels take your own though. I found the staff very helpful, english speaking, great with advice on services etc.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>MsAnnaNOLA
<Content>Good overall value hotel       dresser and Tv area  
<Date>Mar 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	-1	3	

<Author>Wannabe08
<Content>Service SOSO with the exception of Anais!! We stayed here for 6 nights - the location is great and the rooms are spacious. however, the rooms did not have robes and room slippers or even an alarm or clock. Further, the housekeeping people kept on forgetting to leave towels in the bathroom, so everyday, we had to call down to get new ones! the service was okay - however, and a big however, one person was especially helpful and very nice - Anais! we had accidently reserved for one night less than our stay and Anais said the rooms were sold out. instead of just throwing us on the street, she was quite helpful and called around numerous hotels to find us a room... it was this added touch, that made me smile. The desk was quite busy, but she was nice to everyone and patiently called over 10 hotels on our behalf!I would go back only because of that!  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>3	2	4	5	2	3	2	4	

<Author>naaman60
<Content>Fab Hotel! What a great hotel! Easy to find, quiet, designed to within an inch of it's life but without the attitude that can come with a high-style destination. Asked for and received a quieter room on an upper floor. Saw a hen party in the lobby but never heard them when we were ready to sleep. Staff were great, very attentive and helpful when it came to questions about the area and requests for help with our lost luggage etc. We'd stay here again without a second thought.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>x143x
<Content>Amazing Hotel       Loo  
<Date>Mar 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Sportjourno
<Content>Very impressed Read the reviews on Trip Advisor and not disappointed. Great location, very friendly staff, nice bar but most importantly, very nice room.In the summer, the rooftop terrace with swimming pool must be fantastic.Go there.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>vacationer0
<Content>great find Just stayed here, booked two rooms for our family, and really loved it. Location can't be beat, central to everything you'd want to see if you are walkers like we are, and steps from metro stations, too. Right by Starbucks, as well, if you need a taste of USA while there. It's a modern hotel in a traditional area, with large rooms including the bathrooms, which have full tubs/showers with plenty of hot water. Everything was clean, and there's an incredible roof-top pool with awesome views. Unfortunately, it was too cool in early March for us to use the pool, but it was ready to go and would be a fun respite if visiting Barcelona in warm weather. The front desk staff was helpful when asked, but not warm or helpful if you don't ask. Would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	-1	-1	

<Author>K26
<Content>Perfect for my marriage proposal!! My boyfriend (now fiance!) and I stayed in this hotel in February and clearly he thought that it was a lovely enough hotel room to propose in! We had a fantastic stay ... the room was spacious, the bathroom large and very clean and the bar and front desk staff extremely attentive (we even received a complimentary packet of crisps with our champagne :-) ). We would definately also recommend the location of this hotel as it was an easy stroll to the shops, the old town and even down to the marina!Thanks Jazz Hotel ... I'll definately remember my proposal in Barcelona !!  
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>WmCT
<Content>Fabulous hotel I came to Barcelona as a side 3 day trip on my trip to Spain. I chose the hotel based on Trip Advisor, and I can say it麓s a great hotel.....very W-like, very modern with great design. Even the interior stairs are slate with glass rainlings and the room balconies have opague glass as the railing. The rooms are very comfortable, and the baths are high design and even have towel warmers. The breakfast was not terrific, but I am so pleased with the rest that it doesn麓t matter. Free WiFi in the rooms - important to me, plus free internet computers in the bar. It麓s located very conveniently, close to the Ramblas and one of the main plazas - Catalunya. From this plaza, you can get to and from the airport on one of the blue buses. It only costs 4 Euro, and runs constantly - saves a bunch on a taxi, especially since the Spanish cab drivers are known for taking advantage of tourists. Just an aside, but do the Spainish people ever joke around or even smile?  
<Date>Feb 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Wanderlust777
<Content>Good value for the money This hotel proved to be a good compromise for a few days in Barcelona. It's conveniently located near the Plaza de Catalunya and the Ramblas, but in a more commercial, less touristy, and less noisy direction. The staff at the front desk consistently spoke English(definitely NOT a given in Spain, even in relatively expensive hotels) and were helpful, if not effusive. The interior decor gives the hotel a distinctive and welcome personality. Yes, you do feel a slight rumble from the subway underground on occasion, but I didn't find it bothersome.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	4	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>jadesy
<Content>great place, great city My boyfriend and I stayed at the hotel Jazz in July 2007. Its taken me a while to get round to writing this review, but I felt that the hotel was so exceptional that it needed to be praised. This hotel is billed as a 3* and very reasonably priced. The hotel, in my opinion is more like a 4/4.5* (and I have often stayed in 4/5* hotels so I have good examples to compare with). The rooms were large, quiet, and spotlessly clean. The hotel and pool were also the same. There was never any problem for us to get a sun lounger (although it does get busier at weekends). The hotel is also fantastically placed for sightseeing and walking around barcelona. We did not eat in the hotel - no need to really, with starbucks and local shops with lovely croissants so close by for breakfast. Recommendations for nice bars: Milk bar (lovely food also), Qbar for relaxed and cheap drinks and Margarita blue is a delicious mexican.I recommend this hotel very highly.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>spakky7
<Content>Excellent location, top -rate hotel Great location, just off Las Ramblas.The pub/restaurant opposite, called D'Or was great for a last minute bottle of Voll Damm before heading back for the night.High standard of room, very clean.Breakfast was buffet style, with a large variety.Staff were excellent - the waiter at breakfast remembered what we had to drink every morning  just brought it striaght out, without asking! Reception were also very helpful.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>sexym0nkey
<Content>Comfy, contemporary hotel       Lovely bathroom en-suite of course  
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>peterad99
<Content>Convenient and good valkue We stayed here for 3 days following a cruise and found it to be very convenient except for cathederal. The tour busses start just across the road when you can get on and off to all the tourist sites.The ramblas are just a few minutes away as is the bus stop for the airport coach  
<Date>Feb 17, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	5	4	4	4	5	

<Author>chelseabeds
<Content>Excellent Hotel       view from bedroom  
<Date>Feb 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>bwcats
<Content>And All That Jazz! It was a mother and daughter weekend, with the daughter arriving from New York early in the morning and the mother at noon from Milan. We had booked a 3 day Winter Sales Package, which included a bottle of champagne upon arrival and daily breakfast. I had asked the hotel if my daughter could check in early and they did not promise that the room would be ready. But when she arrived, since the standard room that we had reserved was not ready, she was upgraded to a junior suite for free! We had a lovely large space divided in two by a half wall, with a flat screen tv in front of the bed and a couch on the other side. If you do not like contemporary architecture and design, pick another hotel. I love it, so I felt perfectly at home surrounded by linear furniture, black, brown and white decor, and a new clean wooden floor that felt so much nicer than the worn out carpets that usually cover hotel room floors. Black and white photos of jazz playing instruments hands decorate the walls of the hotel and of the rooms.Service was extremely quick and kind, everything worked well, the bathroom had both a tub and a shower (again, it was all black and white, if you are into antiques, or decorated details, go elsewhere), lots of amenities, a powerful hair dryer, the only thing missing is a little shelf inside the shower stall to put the soap or foam bottle.The location of the hotel is perfect, at a few minutes walk from Placa Catalunya, and the first stop of the Bus Turistic right across the street, next to the Metro stop.Breakfast was abundant and with lots of things to pick from, the different varieties of breads were delicious.Our room was on the third floor, so unfortunately we felt the vibrations of the Metro beneath us, but only until 11 pm, and then again from 6 am, though at that hour we were still deeply asleep.So if I were to return to the Jazz Hotel, which I certainly would do, I would ask for a room on a higher floor. The noise from the street was not a problem at all. It was our first trip to Barcelona and the choice of this hotel, recommended by a friend of a friend, made it perfect.  
<Date>Feb 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>IveG0tTheTravelBug
<Content>Modern decor, comfortable room My husband and I stayed at Hotel Jazz for a long weekend in early February. This is a new hotel so the interiors feel fresh and new and it has a very modern design aesthetic. Our room was comfortable and clean although it was on the small side (14' x 16' approx.). But I have found this to be fairly common in major European cities in this price range. We were on the 7th/top floor and were impressed by how sound proof the french door/window was since the hotel is on a busy street. The only noise that disturbed us came from the hallway. This door definitely needs sound proofing.The hotel staff was helpful though not of four star service caliber. For example, when I checked in on my own (my husband arrived later in the day) I was struggling with my bags as I walked down the lobby steps. No other guests were in the lobby and none of the staff attempted to assist me (I don't think there are any bellboys here). So not a major let down -but if you love doting service this is not the place for you. The location is great - a few block away from Placa Cataluyna and the old city. Definitely check out the Boqueria food market on Las Ramblas. It is a unique experience where you can pick up prepared food as well as oogle over all the produce, meats, fish, spices, and baked goods in the market.We would happily return to Hotel Jazz.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>greyhogg
<Content>Great Hotel, Great City! Rooms very modern, stylish and clean, most rooms are on the main road but noise not noticeable on upper floors. Great terrace on top floor looking out over the city, bit cool for the pool in January though. Breakfast was very basic and definitely not made fresh daily, nice staff though who asked us if we wanted fresh eggs every morning which made up for it. Good location as well, 5 minute walk from Rambler and Gothic area, would go back if we got a good deal again!  
<Date>Feb 5, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>maddeline
<Content>Perfection in Barcelona We stayed here for 3 nights. The hotel is perfectly located , near Las Ramblas and directly across the street from the tourist bus stop.SO easy to walk from the airport bus stop which only will cost you 4 euros! the staff is lovely, the breakfast is plentiful (make sure you get a deal with it in the room cost). They upgraded us to a suite- which was HUGE. loved the modern bathroom (except wish there was a shelf for products/soap in the shower.. besides that a perfect stay , i would recommend to all!  
<Date>Feb 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>maht
<Content>Well located modern hotel The hotel is well located, 3 minutes walk to La Rambla and is quite modern - they live up to the Jazz name by having rather bold, modern flourishes to the room doors and the rooms themselves.Rooms are a modest size and reasonably well appointed. One thing I noticed is that the hotel is built on top of an underground train line, and when the train passes, you could feel the rumbling in the building (even though I was on the 12th floor)! It was slight and didn't bother me.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>PodNavan
<Content>Perfect Weekend Getaway!! Great location This hotel was brilliant value - a lovely hotel, friendly staff, great location and was perfect for our 3 night break in Barcelona!Great location, very near drop off point of the Airport bus and a very short 5 min walk to Las Ramblas. Also right beside Place de Catalunya where the official Barcelona Tour Bus goes from.The room was spotlessly clean and had a lovely modern feel to it. Nice flatscreen TV with 2 or 3 english channels. The staff at the front desk were very friendly and helpful - we asked if they'd mind ringing up a restaurant to book us a table that night and they were more than willing to do so.The hotel also had wireless broadband so we brought our laptop and could look up reviews of restaurants, bars etc which was great.I've already recommended the hotel to lots of my friends as it was great value for such a lovely stay.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Chucklers
<Content>New Year in Barca! This trip was a special one as it was Mr Chucklers 40th birthday. Mrs C had taken care of all the bookings and on that basis I can only assume the hotel made it very easy for her!!!! Good communication throughout the enquiry/booking process I am reliably informed - I was delighted on arrival as it was a total surprise!We would recommend a taxi from the airport for a 'no fuss/bother' way to reach the hotel. Cost 鈧?0.Mrs C had organised a bottle of champers and it duly arrived shortly after going to our room.The hotel is perfectly located 5 minutes walk from Playa Catalunya  Las Ramblas. There was a metro station 100 yards from the hotel door - perfect for exploring the city.It was great to be so close but yet out of the hustle  bustle of Las Ramblas!Check in was friendly and our room was very modern and clean - a superb range of toiletries were available too. Mrs C had booked a room on the 6th floor, following other Trip Advisor reviews and in fairness the metro rumble did not bother us at all.We did not have breakfast in the hotel as there is so much choice close by and at much better prices!In reality we enjoyed the hotel as a place to sleep and freshen up as Barcelona has so much to offer - one criticism would be that we did not find the beds overly conducive to a good nights sleep.For us the Harbour area was perfect....beautiful walks and lovely street cafes  bars line this spectacular area.One bonus was that we were able to obtain tickets to see Barca playing, albeit against a 3rd division side in the Copa del Rey. The ground is easy to get to from the hotel using the metro and is a must see on any trip to the city.All in all we would thoroughly recommend the Jazz - it lived up to its reviews! There is a great cafe next door to it and El Raco restaurant is also recommended (turn right at the front door).  
<Date>Jan 31, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>airmiles1
<Content>Loved this hotel We stayed here for new year and found this hotel really fab!Great position easy walking to the ramblas Previous posters had said about asking for a room on a high floor because of the metro noise we were glad we did as we could could still hear it faintly although not enough to disturb us.Rooms were really good and great bathroom with all those little extras you might have fogotten.Breakfast was included and was really nice we booked through roomsnet.com very good its my 4 booking with themWe would stay again  
<Date>Jan 30, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Aishwarya
<Content>Absolutely the Best! Stayed there for 1 night on the 16th January 2008 and arrived very early (before 9am), expecting to be told no early check ins. Instead, was warmly welcomed and even given a free upgrade to a Junior Suite, which was nothing like the usual cramped sparse rooms normally found in Europe. The room was unbelievably spacious, had the most comfortable bed and a balcony where I could stand out on and watch the liveliness of the La Ramblas.Reception was extremely helpful and took the time to recommend sights, restaurants, and shops. The location could not have been more perfect and I was able to step out, go shopping and visit all the main sites within minutes of each other, mostly from just walking. I cannot recommend this hotel enough!  
<Date>Jan 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>FangFangFang
<Content>Great Stay!...The reviews are 100% spot-on I was looking for a hotel in the thick of things, near to all the amenities, shopping etc. The Hotel Jazz has it all. Is it only a 2 star?? Most 5 star hotels don鈥檛 compare.All the reviews are 100% correct about this place. If you are going for a city break to barca - you must book here. Only gripe is they charge me 1 euro for some ice....  
<Date>Jan 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>THEJOHNSONSAndover
<Content>Brilliant Location My husband and I went to Barcelona for the weekend and stayed at this hotel on recommdations from our in-laws. The hotel is in a prime position just at the top of Las Ramblas which is the mean street in Barcelona. This stretches from the middle right down to the Port. We loved this city, it was clean, friendly and quite easily accesable. Top tips. From Barcelona Airport jump on the bus marked Playa Catalunya for 3.90 euors each and this takes you straight to Las Ramblas. I think a cab would be around 25-30 euros so this is much better. Hotel Jazz is very comtemporty, clean with a lovely roof swimming pool. We were is room 506 which which I think a bit bigger than the rest however the hotel is great with very helpful staff. Las Ramblas is quite expensive in itself ( 2 large beers between 12-20 euros ) however there is entertainment all day and a great bustling street. Highly recomend Hard Rock Cafe ( at the top opposite the square ) and a small place called D'or which was opposite Hotel Jazz. Serves great wine and huge amounts of very reasonably priced Tapas. Also recomend the Open Top bus tour. Although it is 20 euros per head, it lasts around 3 hours but it the best way to see the city and its beatiful buildings. I guess it was quite quiet going in Jan compared to the middle of the year however we would defiantley go back here and also stay at this hotel !!!  
<Date>Jan 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Antilini
<Content>Hotel Jazz Report I don't usually write reports about the hotels I have stayed in but since the hotel was superb I thought I should.It's best feature is the location to the main attractions. Also the cleanliness, staff politness, and fittings.I would happly recommend this hotel to anyone who wants a centrally based hotel for their short sight seeing trip.P.s. Just remember, the only slight dampner is the fact your have to buy breakfast as it's not included in room price.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LostTourist07
<Content>Classy luxuary hotel Fantastic hotel in an ideal position in Barcelona, the hotel is luxurious, modern, and offer a fantastic service. The hotel staff are warm and welcoming, and are always more than happy to help. The rooms are spacious, comfortable and are inkeeping with the modern feel. Many facilities provided such as minibar, flat screen tv, air-conditioning, radio, hairdryers, and safe.The restraunt serves a wide range of breakfasts and the hotel also provides free internet access for all those staying at the hotel, plus other amenities such as luggage storage after checkout, and toilet and lounge areas. The hotel is situated only 5mins walk from the Placa de Catalunya (Main Square at the top of La Rambla) where all the bus tours leave for trips around Barcelona which are unmissable; they are only 23Eur per person for a two day ticket, and you are able to use the bus as many times and for as long as you want, and you can hop on an off when you feel, so you can enjoy the city at your own pace- well worth the money.Would definitely stay at this hotel again, had a great time.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>sarahsul
<Content>great location A good standard 3 star hotel,great location,all you need for a city break.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>outtatown
<Content>We loved Hotel Jazz ! The Hotel Jazz is a beautiful and very accessible hotel in Barcelona. Extremely clean, and very cool ! Comfortable bed, very large bathroom. (Only downside: there was no shower door, and the water did get on the floor, but not a real big deal.) Our room was quiet because it did not overlook Las Ramblas, which is well within walking distance. Not much of a view, but we were not in the room that much. Did not go to the terrace, or sit in the bar, but the bar seemed very lively when we saw it. The hotel staff was friendly and very helpful; all spoke English well. We would most definitely stay there again and highly recommend it !  
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Pamela4400
<Content>Great Hotel, Value, Staff and Location At $165 per night it was a great comparative value as we had stayed one night at a sister hotel, U232 and were disappointed there.The room was clean and bright and we had a small balcony. The lobby is chic/stylish and the staff very helpful (they spoke good English). The staff provided excellent city information and materials as well as restaurant referrals (The Cellar de Tapas around the corner is out of the world yummy!). The location is perfect, a short walk to all of the action on Las Ramblas (strolling/shopping area). We did not do the breakfast, it was extra and we felt expensive. Wireless services work well and internet is available downstairs if you are without laptop. It must be nice in warm weather on their roof pool!I would definitely return to this hotel!  
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TripAnorak
<Content>Excellent value for money Booked this hotel after reading reviews on TripAdviser and my son and I were not disappointed. The hotel is indeed superbly located, not just given its location at the top of La Rambla but also because of the nearby metro stations at Universitat (got us effortlessly to the Camp Nou for the Real Madrid game) and Catalunya. Note also that the airport bus (A1) terminates a few minutes away in Plaza Catalunya - so you can get to the airport for just 鈧?.50 each way. The room was simple but comfortable and well-appointed. Service was good (no problems to access a PC to print off online boarding passes) and the noise from the streets was tolerable.Of course the breakfast at 鈧?5 is over-priced, but why would anyone eat at the hotel with so many caf茅s nearby? We had coffee and pastries in nearby bars for a fraction of the price.The price was very reasonable, so we would recommend anyone to use this hotel. We will certainly use it again.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Jblewis
<Content>Almost Everything Was Great Most of what you read about Hotel Jazz is true--Great location, clean, modern, and (in our case, anyway) friendly, helpful staff.My only gripe--The breakfast was VERY expensive. Not worth it, except for the convenience. But that's ok...there are tons of restaurants close by, and trying them just added to the overall travel adventure.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>xxxshropshire
<Content>great hotel Well located and very stylish hotel with comfortable beds and friendly, excellent staff - spotlessly clean, breakfasts not cheap but good range. Will definitely return.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>worldcitizn
<Content>Great Hotel in the middle of all the action I booked this hotel thru hotels.com. It was a great hotel with an excellent location - near the La Ramblas (main drag with clubs, cafes, bars, restaurants and shopping), near Plaza Catalunya (one of the main city squares), easy access to airport bus, near the subway, good views from the room. All in all it was a great experience. The only negative aspect is that the front desk staff are clueless and dont speak English well. They cant make recommendations on what sights to see, or what restaurants to go to etc. Especially the guy who works in the evenings, who literally makes up things and his often incorrect.Other than that, it was a great experience and good value for money. Although I dont know why we paid $173 per night for the first 2 nights and $ 275 per night for the next 2 nights.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	1	4	4	

<Author>jmfangio
<Content>Great location and room, but minimal services We spent a week at the Hotel Jazz.I can't say enough about the location, just about every neighborhood is walkable from the hotel.The entire hotel is extremely well taken care of, and the room on the 7th floor had a nice little balcony and was clean and elegantly designed/furnished.Unlike previous reviewers, I did not experience any subway rumble or noise, and the double paned glass really did a good job of keeping street noise to a minimum.As long as you appreciate Hotel Jazz for what it is, and come to terms with it's shortcomings it's a solid choice. In some ways it is more like an apartment stay than a full service hotel. My complaints have to to with the services. There are really no public spaces to speak of, so if you get a little stir crazy in your room you are out of luck. There is a very small bar area, but it closed around 9:30 pm on the two nights we tried to go there!The breakfast is expensive, and in no way worth it. The staff are either helpful, or very unhelpful. There are times when there is only one person at the desk which can be frustrating. When unhelpful, the staff borders on rude. We had bad experiences with room service as well with it not being delivered at all on two occasions.Their toiletries were also pretty disappointing. Were I to return, I would bring my own.In addition, their recommendations for restaurants and the like are pretty awful. I can wholeheartedly recommend a new restaurant in the area on RamblasCatalunya (I think #13) called Mata Mala. We are foodies, and this place was not a tourist trap like what the hotel recommends, but was a modern ingredients-driven place that we really liked. It is one block off Place Catalunya.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	3	2	2	

<Author>ChilipadiYan
<Content>Excellent ambiance We had a spacious room with an excellent view. Loved the design and concept.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Valmarani
<Content>Great position! I'll cut it short...there are a lot of excellent reviews and I agree with what has been written.So if you want a nice hotel,clean, with a great position in Barcelona then choose this one and you can't be wrong.Enjoy your time!  
<Date>Dec 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JonTHarrogate
<Content>Fault free Hotel Jazz I stayed at the Hotel Jazz for a week in December and think that it's probably the best hotel I've stayed in - not in terms of facilities as these are limited but in terms of the quality of the location, rooms and staff. The hotel is a couple of minutes away from the old town so you are right in the middle of excellent shops and bars but the rooms are quiet and restful. The staff speak excellent english and are helpful and polite. The rooms are well decorated with great bathrooms, TV and free wifi. On the downside there is no restaurent (although breakfast is available) but there are literally dozens of cafes and restaurents all around the hotel. It's one of those rare hotels where everything works as it should.  
<Date>Dec 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>louise8020
<Content>Hotel Jazz was fab! I always review Trip Advisor before booking hotels and booked Hotel Jazz following good reviews - and again I was not disappointed. We stayed for three nights and I had specifically requested a high floor (given comments on metro noise) and non-smoking room and this was no problem. We did slightly hear the metro at times so would recommend a high floor - saying that we dined at the Hard Rock Cafe the first night and could hear/feel metro trains!The Hotel Jazz is perfectly located near the main area not far from La Ramblas (a couple of blocks) and the hotel is clean and modern. The rooms were immaculate and had a mini bar which was reasonable and the maids were to clean every day. The only minor disappointment was no tea/coffee making facilities in the room. The hotel bar was fab and the barman first class - he even put 'nibbles' on our table each night and the prices were really reasonable for the measures!Would recommend taking tourist bus around Barcelona, we did the 'blue line' one day and 'red line' the next as the 'green line' does not go in the winter. It costs 21 euros for 2 days which is reasonable.The Hard Rock Cafe music was quite loud and we were initially told the table would be 45-50 minutes (it was a Saturday night) and 1 1/2 hours later after my husband had chased this 3 times we got our table - waiter was lovely, barman (young guy with ponytail) one of the most obnoxious people we have ever come across on our travels. Around the corner on La Ramblas is a pizza restaurant called 'Pizza Merzano' (blue neon sign) - would recommend. 1st class food and had three courses with a bottle of wine and drinks for 拢20 each, really reasonable.So if you are travelling to Barcelona...you can't go far wrong with the Hotel Jazz. Highly recommended for value and location!  
<Date>Dec 13, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nataliatiyad
<Content>Cool Style in Centre of town We stayed here for three nights and paid 拢71 per night room only. Breakfast is an extra 鈧?5 per person and is a tad overpriced for what you can get.The reception area is very austere but our room was great. We got an upgrade to a junior suite. The colour themes of the Jazz might take some getting used to but we found it to be fine. The bathroom was kitted out with black marble tiles throughout and white porcelain. It had both a separate shower and a bath with a shower. Plenty of towels. The beds were firm and comfortable. There's a minibar (not too expensive) but no hot beverages in the room.The hotel is exceedingly well situated for the centre of activity in Barcelona, just a couple of blocks from Placa de Catalunya but far enough away from the noise of the Ramblas. There's some traffic noise even through the double glazing and you can hear the rumbleof the Metro trains as far as the sixth floor but unless you're really very fussy about sound these won't disturb you.If arriving by bus from the Airport (鈧?.90) dismount at Universitat as this stop is less than 2 mins walk from the hotel. The service is quick and easy.To return by bus it's necessary to go Placa de Catalunya. The are many sights to be seen in Barcelona and the 'Bus Turistico' covers most of these in 2 separate 2hr long circuits from Placa de Catalunya (鈧?9 or 鈧?3 if spread over 2 days).The bar shuts at midnight at weekends, 11pm other days. This is a 3 star hotel and there's no night porterage.If dining out the dozens of tapas bars offer great value. The same can't be said of the two restaurants that we used: Mussol on Carrer de Casp whose food definitions left a lot to be desired and who billed us in our local currency at poor exchange rates despite our refusal to sign an agreement to this action.El Gran Restaurant on Carrer d'Avinyo which despite an interesting decor rushed us through our courses at breakneck speed.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>TripAdviserreader
<Content>Enjoyed our stay I booked a 3 night stay at Hotel Jazz for myself and my daughter after reading some great reports on Trip Advisor. We certainly werent disappointed and the tips other reviewers had given about getting the Aerobus from the airport and getting off at Universitat were spot on! It was so easy and quick and at 3 euros 90 each way it was a bargain too. Would probably have got a taxi if I hadnt read this website!The hotel was a short walk from the bus stop and the rooms were modern and comfortable. We had a view of a busy street, but being on the 6th floor noise was not really a problem. The Christmas lights outside made a lovely view from our window. We had a drink at the hotel bar each night before going out but the bar was deserted and we were often the only people there, which mean there wasnt a lot of atmosphere in the place. We eat at Sinatra's (just off Plaza Real) one night and can highly recommend. Also ate at Cellar de Tapas (much recommended on this site), which was very good. On our final night we ate at La Fonda at Port Olympic where the food and atmosphere were fantastic. Would definitely recommend. TAlthough it was the 'poshest' of the three restaurants we visited it actually worked out the cheapest. The hotel receptionist told us we would not get in without a booking, but we secured a table on arrival with no problem. Staff were very friendly and we got complimentary liquers where they simple brought the bottle and the shot glasses and left it on the table with us!The port area was very quiet in the evening (compared to my last visit in September). The hotel location was excellent for accessing many areas of the city and only a short walk from Plaza Catalunya where the open top bus tours began. All in all a very enjoyable trip, although if you are going to Barcelona for the shopping, you may be a little disappointed...we have had much better elsewhere.Go to the Jazz, you will not be disappointed!  
<Date>Dec 11, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>FitzyWorcester
<Content>All that Jazz I booked this hotel following good reviews on various websites and I am glad I did. This was the first trip to Barcelona for my wife and I.We booked three nights stay at the Hotel Jazz which is perfectly located near the main area not far from the Ramblas.The hotel is clean,modern and has good facilities including a rooftop pool and solarium.There are also free toiletries in case you forget the essentials.Our room also had a mini bar which was useful for keeping our wine and drinks cool after a long day sightseeing!We found the free internet access useful for keeping in touch with home.The only thing lacking in our opinion was that there was no tea/coffee making facilities in the room.If like us you prefer to eat breakfast outside the hotel I would suggest the Cafe De L'Opera on the Ramblas as a good option.Also a good tip is to go to El Cortes Ingles Department Store a short walk away,go to the Cafe on the top floor,get a window seat,order a coffee and admire the stunning views across the city. Overall I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone visiting Barcelona.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>svenjick
<Content>Modern Jazz       View from room, direction Las Ramblas  
<Date>Dec 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Sat1
<Content>Great Choice I was was very pleased that I choose the Hotel Jazz based on the reviews here for our week long stay in Barcelona. The hotel was clean, modern and very close to La Rambla (2 blocks) without being directly on it. Buffet breakfast was 15 euros p/p which we had once. They had a good selection of items but we did try other places. Santa Anna recommended by another reviewer was excellent value for money. We were based on the 7th floor and you could lightly hear and feel the rumble as the metro trains passed below, but nothing that I would seriously complain about. The only thing that I felt was missing was in room tea making facilities. Just means more frequent trips to Starbucks which is just a block away.Take the aerobus from Barcelona and get off at Unveristat which is just round the corner from the hotel. We reached the hotel just before 12pm and were able to check in straight away and make our way up to the room which was great since it had been a really early start.Definately make a day trip out to Montserrat which has stunning views. Was definately the highlight of my trip.Enjoy.....  
<Date>Dec 4, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Itripping
<Content>good hotel great location. nice modern decor. very clean and comfortable room. There is only one little thing to improve- the shower head should not be installed above the middle of the narrow tub. You have to stand either in the front half of the tub, where some of the space is taken up by a towel rack, or the rear half, where there isn't much room to stand with the curb of the tub. This is more a review for the hotel. It's just a minor discomfort. I would strongly recommend it to fellow travelers.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>sjkatlaw
<Content>Very Good We stayed at Hotel Jazz for four nights in August 2006. We booked our room based on tripadvisor reviews and were not disappointed - all the positives and negatives reflected on tripadvisor were there.Hotel Jazz is conveniently located within a few blocks of metro and a major square. We had no trouble finding it after stumbling off our plane into Barcelona.The rooms are very clean and modern. The windows eliminate nearly all street noise. Our bed was comfortable. The maid service was respectful and did good work. The concierge was very helpful and spoke great english - all our special requests were met.The hotel has a nice bar and restaurant with good food. The rooftop bar was cool and well attended.Our only gripe was that the metro runs right below this hotel and you will feel and hear it no matter what floor you are on. Even if you sleep with earplugs (like us), you will still feel the vibrations of the metro and it takes some getting used to. Fortunately, we were so tired every night from so much incredible sightseeing that we passed out and generally did not notice the trains rumbling below.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Jenn478
<Content>Very nice hotel in a great location! We stayed here one night after our cruise. The hotel is located within a short walk of many attractions in Barcelona. The rooms are very large and modern. The beds are a little firm, but other than that I was very impressed.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Innesfamily
<Content>Beds not great here I stayed 4 nights at this hotel 14 -18 November on recommendations from Tripadvisor. This hotel is fine generally, clean rooms, although some of the furnishings are getting a little worn (e.g. worn desk edges; cracked and flaking plaster coming loose from bathroom ceiling, not great). However my main complaint is the beds - they were wobbly/saggy - not the standard of firm, luxuriant beds (e.g.Westin) you'd expect of a hotel of this cool, minimalist profile - and not what you'd expect of a hotel that charges 180 euros plus per night. I slept on floor 2 of the nights as I couldn't bear the lack of support in the bed. This does not add to the pleasure of your holiday. Also the hotel generally lacks any warmth or character - an anonymous experience; staff don't give you much, it's all a bit sterile. Generally the hotel is fine if you like peace and quiet (it was very quiet - 7th floor in any event) but not if you appreciate a really good bed.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2007
<Rating>3	2	3	4	5	3	3	4	

<Author>helen
<Content>Fantastic Hotel Stayed for the weekend here and what a FANTASTIC time we had.All the staff around the hotel were so friendly and the service was great.Cant wait till 6th june 2008 to return for my 40th birthday weekend.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LiamDublinIreland
<Content>Excellent, excellent, excellent..! We stayed here for two nights at the start of November. Excellent location, excellent staff, excellent price.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>flash76
<Content>Beautiful Ideal location downtown BARCELONA near center.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>reggy123
<Content>Hotel Jazz - Superb! I stayed at the Hotel Jazz on business in early October 2007.The hotel is in a brilliant location about 5 minutes walk to the top of the Ramblas and 10 minutes to the Gothic Quarter. It's right in the centre of the city in a nice area but far enough away from the tourist trail to enjoy the real Barcelona!The reception staff were friendly, helpful and polite throughout the stay. The room was excellent, well equipped and comes with a comfy bed.The terrace on the top floor provides a great view of the city and a nice pool to cool off in!I didn't eat in the hotel but the menu was reasonably priced. That said, there are some great little places to eat out within 2 minutes walk if you fancy tapas, pizza and such like.I highly recommend the Jazz if you visit Barcelona, I already know where I will be staying again in the future.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>maggiemaydublin
<Content>Terrific and Brilliantly located hotel Myself and my husband stayed for 3 nights at the beginning of November. Hotel and room were excellent....loved the decor. Having a drink in the Jazz bar was a great way to kick off the night! I found the business area in the Jazz bar particularly useful for keeping in touch with home and checking the bank balance!! What was best of all was the wonderful location - just a few minutes walk from La Rambla and Place De Catulyana. We were able to take the bus back to the Airport from here. We could have taken it from the airport also if we had known how convenient it would be but when visiting a city for the first time we usually want to get to our hotel with the minimum of fuss. Other reviewers has mentioned the tapas bar - Cellar de Tapas- in placa de Universitas just around the corner so we went there on our last night.............it was absolutely fantastic. I would recommend it highly. All in all the Jazz hotel was a wonderful experience and I would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Tracy-Ann44
<Content>Excellent! This was my first visit to Barcelona but it didn't take me long to figure out I lucked out staying at Hotel Jazz. The location was incredible, the rooms very modern, clean and the entire hotel is non smoking. The hotel staff were wonderful and I found the hotel a great value. I booked online this visit but next time I will just book with the hotel directly as I found the rates were competitive with travel websites. Don't miss out checking out the roof top pool at sunset and having a drink at the bar on the 1st floor which also has free internet service.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>WebbyABZ
<Content>Excellent for University and Plaza Catalunya Hotel is less than 5 minutes walk from the central old university and very near to Plaza Catalunya and La Ramblas. Style is very modern so your first impression on walking through the door is indicative of the decor in the rooms. I had a double/twin room on the second floor. The room was spotless, if a little cramped, but I didn't feel short on space. Noise was occasionally a problem with late-night revellers (this could be a problem in any hotel in Barcelona), sound from room upstairs (heels on wooden flooring) and a distant rumble from the metro below. The bathroom was also spotless, well equipped and with good freebies. Buffet breakfast was good with good choice of hot and cold, although you could get better value in local cafe-bars.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>choogirl
<Content>amazing stay We stayed at the hotel Jazz from the 6th until the 8th of October this year. It was our third time to Barcelona but our frist time staying here. We were not disappointed. It was a gorgeous hotel. Staff at check in were very friendly and even though we arrived early we were able to check in straight away. Our room was very large and it had a small balconette that you could look out over the city. Lots of products in the bathroom. Great pressure in the shower. The location of the hotel is ideal. It's about a five minute walk from Placa de Catalunya and the Ramblas. There's a lovely tapas bar opposite the hote. The rooftop pool,,while small, is great to have and the views are amazing. I will definitely stay here again when I return to Barcelona. Check out was quick and they had a taxi for us in about four minutes.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Gill1Scott
<Content>excellent hotel Chose this hotel based on tripadvisor reviews and the reasonable price, compared with other well-rated hotels. We thought it was a great hotel - modern, well decorated, comfortable rooms and friendly, helpful staff. Also only a short walk to Placa Catalunya and La Rambla.The Cellar de Tapas restaurant mentionned by one or two others was excellent, and just round the corner from the hotel. When we asked reception about it, we were given vouchers for a free glass of wine. We also found a cocktail bar just round the corner called Milano - it had a lovely atmosphere and played jazz music - its on Rhonda de Universitat walking towards Placa Catalunya, its entrance is part of Bracafe, on the left. Other places we ate in and loved were Cafe de L'Academia and Los Caracoles - the latter was fantastic - great atmosphere and good food and interesting surroundings - don't order the lobster though unless you are feeling flush!!!We used the open top bus on our first day - its a good way to familiarise yourself with the city - we travelled on both the red and blue routes, stopping off at one or two places en route. We then used the second day to further explore areas we liked the look of.We loved Barcelona and can't wait to go back.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>kirsten-scott
<Content>Fantastic!! This hotel is superb! It's in an ideal location if you don't mind walking and taking in the sights. It's ideal if you don't want to be taling taxis everywhere. We tended to walk down the Ramblas early morning and stay out until 3ish and then go back to the hotel to relax by the roof-top pool. Towels are provided which is bonus if your just on a city break - extra packing room! You can even ring down to the bar for drinks whilst you sun-bathe. The rooms are of an excellent quality, contempory design with good air conditioning. We arrived at 10am in the morning and were allowed to check in. Over-all if I went back I would definatley stay here again and have recommended it to many friends.Kirsten  Scott, Staffs UK.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>CW1SouthWales
<Content>Fabulous stay at the Jazz Hotel Jazz, Barcelona 8th Oct -12th Oct 2007I chose the Hotel Jazz through reading good reviews on trip advisor  they did not let me down.You won't be disappointed to spend time in Barcelona  use The Hotel Jazz for your stay.Myself ,My wife  our 2 grown up daughter  son spent 4 days to celebrate my 50th birthday  we had a fantastic time.This modern hotel is situated perfectly in a lovely safe area of Catalunia, an 8 minute walk north west off the Ramblas  within easy reach of the best shops (north) the old town(South east). We also used alot of the tube 1.25 euros per trip to get to  from the different sites of Barcelona. We visited Park Guell, Familiar Sagrada Church, Olympic stadium  surrounding area inc the beautiful art museum  famous waterfalls (allthough not switched on).the scenic views of Barca from Park Guell in north  the cable car in the south west were incredible. We used the bus for transport 11.15pm from Barcelona airport to the Hotel (14euros for 4 people).after a short discussion of using a taxi (Quoted 45 Euros)The hotel staff were excellent  were able to speak english.The breakfast (7-11am)was fantastic.You could not wish for a better selection of food  filled you up for most of the day.The rooms with ensuite were modern  excellent.The outdoor pool on roof was brilliant  the hotel supply the towels for use.Long shorts  tee shirts forTemperature 21-24C for October was brilliant.We did hear a rumbling of the tube but mostly at breakfast on the 1st floor but this will not spoil a great time in a great Hotel. Barcelona is a great city  the Hotel Jazz is a fabulous 3+ star hotel well recommended.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Whiteleys
<Content>Superb! Just returned from a 3 night stay at the Hotel Jazz. I made the booking after reading great the reviews. Lived upto expectations and more. Cannot say anything negative.Yes you can hear faint rumble from the metro but was not a problem at all, don't let this put you off.The hotel is situated in great position, handy for everything yet not too busy and noisy, 5 minutes to top of Las Ramblas.The rooms are fab, modern,very clean, and spacious. Great shower!The staff were very helpful. The barman recommended excellent Tapas bar round the corner on Place de Universitaire, went twice it was brilliant.Breakfast may seem expensive but well worth it. The selection was great, bacon,eggs, cereal, beautiful fresh fruit, pastries, breads and unlimited tea and coffee. Not sure you could find a better breakfast for less. Set us up for the day!Overall a great experience and would highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>NYCandworld
<Content>Great hotel I spent 3 nights at the Hotel Jazz. It is a great hotel. The location is extremely convenient, with easy access to all parts of Barcelona by Metro, bus, or walking. I walked mostly, as most areas to visit were within 10-15 minutes. The front desk staff was consistently friendly and helpful. The rooftop pool area was nice. On several nights, I watched the sun set up there, and it was quite beautiful. The pool was not well heated, and so I didn't spend much time swimming but some other guests did. The rooms are very modern with all necessary appointments. My only minor criticism is the thermostat in the room was a bit tricky to work, but once I figured out the controls this was fine as well. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone traveling to Barcelona.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>goonerific
<Content>excellent!! we stayed in the hotel jazz for 2 nights,one night pre-cruise and one night post-cruise. arrived mid-afternoon on a friday,check-in was a breeze,took 5 minutes! we got a fantastic room on the front corner of the hotel which was huge,i enjoyed the decor of the hotel,even the bathroom had the jazz theme!! the room had all the amenities you could want,we heard little or no noise from the subway underneath(we were 5th floor 1st night,2nd floor 2nd night). hotel was only a 5 minute walk from las ramblas,there was a great irish pub around the corner(scobies) and a good pizza place next door to the hotel(rainbow). we had the breakfast in the hotel,the reviews are right,its way overpriced at 鈧?5 each but we took it as we hadn't much time to see the city and find somewhere else. check-out was as easy as check-in,no problems!! on our return from the cruise for our 2nd night in the jazz we arrived at 08.00,they had no rooms ready but stored our luggage until we returned around noon when they had a room ready. the second room wasn't as big as the first but it was still lovely,again we'd no problems! in short an excellent hotel for a short stay,it's expensive but once you've read the reviews here you'll know what to expect,i'd recommend it highly and would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>CathyBI
<Content>Wonderful Hotel We had a great stay at Hotel Jazz. The room was spacious, comfortable, clean and amazingly quiet. The rooftop pool was an added bonus. Good view of the surrounding area and a very comfortable place to rest our feet after a day of walking around. The free internet (2 computers - intended only for fairly quick use) was in the bar which made it easy to hang around and wait when others were using them. The location is great. We would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>theritters
<Content>Do not stay here Well I was greatly disappointed after reading rave reviews on this site. Firstly the staff are appalling, unfriendly and any request from you as a guest is treated with disdain. It took me one hour to get some food up to the terrace for my elderly mother, breakfast was a joke - so badly organised that we ended up laying our own table one morning. It is also incredibly noisy. This place has been put up quickly with untrained staff to make money. I read, just before leaving, that someone had their luggage stolen in reception area and this doesn't surprise me as they couldn't care less. I chose this hotel because I was travelling with my mother and seven year old and thought that after a day's sightseeing it would be a nice place to sit by. It is dusty, the umbrellas don't work and the view could be Calcutta. I looked longing over at the Hotel Angleterre's beautiful terrace across the street. The pool, be the way, is 4 metres by 3m and 1 metre deep so whoever stayed there and enjoyed doing laps must be vertically challenge! Sorry but it left me feeling ripped off and angry. You need to stay in the Gotica area away from La Ramblas.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2007
<Rating>1	2	3	1	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>mayaNorfolk
<Content>Fabulous hotel Arrived at hotel before noon and our room was ready. Hotel staff were very helpful and spoke very good english. We had a problem with air-conditioning not working,so mentioned it at reception on our way out and on our return it was working perfectly. Hotel room was spotlessly clean, huge bed and a very modern bathroom. Would definitely recommend this hotel and also the beautiful city of Barcelona. Cannot wait to return for another short break.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>the_flan
<Content>Excellent location Title says it all -- it's in an excellent location. Simply get the bus from the airport and get off at the 3rd stop, cross the road and you're at the hotel. It's a couple of minute walk to Placa Catalunya, which makes it an ideal base for going just about anywhere. We didn't need to use many of the hotel facilities -- there are loads of cafes nearby where you can have breakfast for about 2 euros, and an excellent tapas restaurant (Celler de Tapas) just round the corner. The room was clean and well-appointed, and the reception staff very helpful.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>sw1369
<Content>Brilliant location Booked this hotel based entirely on trip advisor reviews and it more than lived up to expectations. As the reason for the trip to Barcelona was a special 40th birthday celebration, I asked the hotel for a room with a view, on a high floor (remembered previous reviews mentioning the noise of the metro) and requested a bottle of cava on ice on arrival - everything I asked for was provided and the cava was chilled to perfection!!Location of the hotel was brilliant, about a five minute walk to Las Ramblas, just around the corner from the nearest metro station with plenty of bars and restaurants on your doorstep. The hotel rooms are spacious and modern, with an absolutely huge bed and trendy bathroom. We were on the 7th floor and whilst we could heard the rumble of the metro, it wasn't a major issue.There's lots to see and do in Barcelona and I would definitely recommend getting a two day tourist bus pass that takes you everywhere you need to go - it's great value for money and good fun too.Hotels in Barcelona are not cheap and the Jazz is no exception but if you want a good location, nice room and friendly staff, then the Jazz is perfect.p.s. if you like Sangria I would definitely recommend the Sangria de Cava served in the Jazz bar - it's scrummy!  
<Date>Oct 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>BrooklynBill64
<Content>Excellent treatment by front desk staff Westayed twice, before and following a Mediteranean cruise. Despite arrivng before Noon (once before 8:00 AM), we were permitted to occupy a room that had been made ready! Tips to supplement the other positive reviews: (1) We reserved through Venere.com, which does not require advance payment. (2) We learned to take advantage of Hotel Jazz's (pronounced Yazz in Barcelona) 14 Euro per person breakfast. That seemed expensive until we saw how little we got for 10 Euros at a local bar/coffee shop. The Jazz breakfast issumptious and exceeds most hotel based buffet breakfasts in the US. (3) At check-in, learn how to use the (a) credit card type room key to turn on all power in the room and (b) thermostat. Neither is obvious to the first-time US traveler to Europe. (4) The evening desk clerk's dinner recommendations were uniformly good.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	-1	5	

<Author>pnmdotcom
<Content>Just another good review Good rooms, good staff, good bar, good location, good city.Five nights here and thoroughly enjoyed it. Very modern room was kept immaculate, great range of toiletries including such items as razors and shaving cream, toothbrush and toothpaste and even bath sponges. Very convenient for the airport bus and all the touristy things around Placa Catalunya and La Rambla. The area felt very safe, although we were warned to be on our guard when walking down La Rambla as that street in particular is the home to pickpockets preying on the crowds of tourists. Check in and check out were both extremely efficient and there is a free, small business area where you can use the free internet if you don't have your laptop. Minor gripe about lack of an English language entertanment channel on the TV if you fancy a night in after partying too hard the night before. Just suffer and party again instead! Would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Aussie_Visitor
<Content>Great Location  After spending many hours reading reviews on hotels in Barcelona and trying to get the combination of a good hotel in the right location we were very happy with the choice. We stayed for 6 nights at Jazz in September with the highlights for us being 1) the location - few mins walk from La Rambla on main road rather than hidden in a backstreet...easy to find 2) the pool - a very relaxing way to spend the late afternoon relaxing on the deck after exploring the streets of Barcelona. 3) the rooms - modern, very clean and had everything we needed. Our room was on 5th floor facing the street which had excellent sound proofing and most importantly air conditioning that worked 4) The breakfast - although expensive (15 Euro) was good quality. 5) The 2 PC's near the bar with free internet connection were very handy.Only negative was some serious water damage to the ceiling in the bathroom which they hadn't repaired. Not a very nice site considering the rest of the room/hotel was so well presented.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>lostmyluggage
<Content>Jazz is Cool Wow! Fabulous Hotel. Great location, beautifully decorated. We took the Aerobus from the airport right into Universistat (3rd stop on the line) and just walked across the square to the hotel entrance. Couldn't have been any easier. Just off La Ramblas and near Metro stations, etc. Safe, quiet and very, very clean. The full breakfast for 2 was very good but overpriced at $45.00 (US) so on subsequent days we just ordered the coffee for $6.00 (US). The restaurant staff was helpful and accomodating as was the front desk. They advertise free wi-fi in every room, but our signal was too weak to be able to use the laptop we brought with us. However, in the Jazz Bar area near the restaurant are 2 hard-wired computers that are free to use. Very helpful to be able to check emails and talk to the kids you left at home. Don't miss the day trip to the Torres Winery / Montserrat / Sitjes that is offered by the Catalunya Bustourista (get info from the i information booth located underground at Catalunya Plaza, one block away from the hotel) The Montserrat tour the hotel pushes is overpriced.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Mikedg
<Content>Good choice for business or pleasure The hotel Jazz is my hotel of choice whenever I am in Barcelona on business or pleasure. It is extremely convenient for the metro (10 meters) and an easy walk to Las Ramblas, Placa Catalunya etc but far enough out to be reasonably quiet.Not quite sure why it is only a 3* as I have stayed in worse 4 star hotels.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Moonette
<Content>Great Hotel My husband and I stayed at Hotel Jazz for three nights after an 8-day cruise. I booked the Jazz through their website in January.Before I get into the hotel stay itself, I do want to point out one HUGE negative. As I said, I booked the hotel through their website, and the website advises that you will get a confirmation email directly from the hotel. We never did, so I emailed them in February asking them to confirm. I never heard back. I emailed them again in March, and I never heard back. I emailed them again in April and finally, in May, I received an email confirming our reservation.Four weeks before our trip, I was checking reservations, and for some reason, our reservation number didn't show up on their website. I again emailed them asking what happened and asking them to please confirm. We heard NOTHING. In the space of 4 days, I emailed the hotel three times and the home office (Nunez Navarro) once and never got a response. Then, the reservation number showed up on the website again. Hmm.Thankfully, we did have a room when we got there.The good stuff: The front desk staff does speak English. . .some better than others. They checked us in immediately, and we went to our room on the 7th floor.The bedroom and bathroom were extremelly clean. I liked the fact that the floor was wood laminate so that it was very clean. Everything was spotless and in its place. I will say, however, that the furnishings are spartan. If you are used to the *new* beddings in American hotels, don't expect them here. While the beds were comfortable, they didn't have the fluffy mattress covers, fluffly pillows or the comforters so many hotels have now. These beds are flat with dowdy bedspreads and hard pillows on them. But, that being said, they were not that uncomfortable.The hotel's location is great. It's about a 5-minute walk from Placa Catalunya and the top of Las Ramblas, a block from Starbuck's, in the middle of a university/residential area. While you can feel the subway when it runs below the hotel, it's not really that bad. And, with the window (balcony door) closed, you won't hear the traffic and pedestrian noise. . .And, because we were there during Feste de la Merce, there were both kinds of traffic 24-hours a day.While the front desk personnel was polite, most of them didn't go out of their way to help with much. They didn't know anything about Feste happenings, and some of the information they gave us on banks, airport and restaurants was wrong. The best person working the front desk was Alejandro, who works the evening shift. When he didn't know something, he admitted it and then tried to get the right information for us. His English was also the best of all the hotel personnel.So, all that being said, we would book this hotel again.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	3	3	4	

<Author>OscarSomerset
<Content>Great Hotel - Reviews are spot on! Stayed for 2 nights 22 - 24 September, and have to agree with all the reviews. Fabulous location (5 minutes walk to the Las Ramblas and Placa de Catalunya for shopping), very friendly and helpful staff and spotlessly clean. The hotel was full when we stayed, but the foyer was never crowded and the rooms are very quiet (we stayed on 6th floor, had two rooms along the same corridor), even the air-con only gave out a soft whisper - took us a while to figure out if it was working it was so quiet! Agree the lighting in the bathrooms could be a bit better - but lovely size. Rooms were very comfortable, LCD TV's and in room safe. Have to say Barcelona was a wonderful city, clean, safe (including the Metro) and exceptionally friendly and I will definitely return, having been to Rome and put up with pick pockets, being squashed on the underground and very annoying street sellers, for me there is no comparison. For anyone travelling to Barcelona I cannot recommened this hotel highly enough. Enjoy!  
<Date>Sep 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jjtiferlily
<Content>Central and great value My partner and i went for 3 nights to this hotel. We had read the great reviews and we had to agree with them. The hotel is very central - just a alleyway or two from La Ramblas. The room was nice - wooden floor which you dont normally see in hotels and comfy beds and a nice bathroom. The hotel is boutique in style so dont go here if you are looking for period features or old spanish charm. But if you like clean and modern this is the place for you! The roof pool made this hotel for me because it changed the feel from city break to holiday and it was fab to leave the hustle and bustle of the busy streets and chill on the very nice loungers beside the pool!so no complaints whatsoever - we never had breakfast in the hotel because it was really expensive - we used to go out to pavement cafes for gorgeous hot croissaints and coffee so cant comment on food and drink but everything else was great!  
<Date>Sep 22, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Martine97
<Content>We're loving the Jazz... We were absolutely delighted with this modern, clean hotel in the centre of Barcelona and would rate it as the best we've stayed in for the money (spent roughly the same in Venice, Rome, Florence and Amsterdam and all were ok but this was exceptional value for money). We were on the 7th floor and can honestly say we couldn't hear the underground metro (and we had 6 nights to test it in!) and the roof top pool was really lovely - good quality sun furniture with towels supplied and, needless to say, very impressive views. We didn't use the drinks/food service by the pool but other people did and we heard them comment on the speed and ease of service. All staff we came across were very helpful and the hotel was very central - about 5 mins stroll from Las Ramlas. There is a stop for the city tour bus directly opposite the hotel. Go and enjoy, you won't regret it and we will definitely be going back.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>BigOrange56
<Content>Location, Comfort, Great Value! I can not imagine that you could ask for more. The staff is great, rooms comfortable and location can not be beat!  
<Date>Sep 18, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lovetotravelChicago
<Content>Wonderful Hotel and Great Location I stayed at Hotel Jazz pre-cruise. We had 3 rooms reserved and all three rooms were great. They upgraded both my husband and I and my husband's parents to suites, which was such a welcome sight after the long night/day of flying. The location was perfect. All the cafes and shopping you could possibly want were right out the front door. You could also get on the HOHO bus just around the corner. We stayed at a different hotel on the return from our cruise, only because Jazz was already booked, and although it was nice, we were all wishing we were back at Jazz. My husband and I agreed that we will visit Barcelona again - we had such a great time there - and when we do, we will definitely stay at Hotel Jazz.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	4	4	5	

<Author>leslie001
<Content>delighted by the jazz Could hardly believe that we got this brilliant little hotel so centrally located, just a block or two from Placa Catalunya and just far enough away from the hustle, bustle and noise of the Rambla. Recently constructed in 2004, I think, and spotlessly clean! A room on a higher floor and good glazing kept the noise out. Staff is friendly and competent. As with so many of Barcelona's boutique hotels, the room was very attractive, but a bit small, which is to be expected in Europe. The bathroom was gorgeous...all matte-finish deep espresso-coloured tiles contrasting with white porcelain. The hotel is part of a chain of gorgeous hotels, one of which is the Hotel 1898 right on the Rambla...the only trouble will be deciding which one to stay in next time!  
<Date>Sep 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>harleyian
<Content>Lived up to expectations Returned from the Jazz on the 6th Sept 07.Not going to repeat all what the reviews have said before as it is all correct absolutely cannot complain about anything.We can only say we wish we had stayed another day to see more of the sights of Barcelona.Perhaps only disappointment would be that we e-mailed the hotel to say we would be staying with them for our honeymoon (got married 31st Aug 07) and nobody even acknowledged it.Barcelona beautiful city, Jazz wonderful hotel. We will be going back again soon I hope to them both.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Jerry40
<Content>Really Excellent Hotel - Hotel Jazz We have just returned from a 3 night stay at the Hotel Jazz. We would really recommend this hotel. It is really central and easy to find either by Metro or if you use the Aerobus as it is so close to La Rambla and Placa Catalunya. The Hotel itself was modern and clean. The staff were helpful and friendly. The breakfast catered for all tastes. The swimming pool was a useful area to relax after a hard day's sight seeing! It also offered really great value for money. Ask for a room on the 4th Floor or above to aviod the Metro disturbing you too much!  
<Date>Sep 10, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jrevs
<Content>Muchos marvellous Clean, comfortable hotel with friendly, knowledgable staffLocation is perfect, approx 3 mins walk from La Ramba so far enough away to avoid the hussle  fuss, but with 2 metro stations (Placa de Catalyuna  Univeristat) within 200 yards, the whole city is easily accessibleThe room had everything you could ask for really, an enormous bed, air con, a reasonably priced mini bar, tv, safe  a very fancy bathroomThe hotel bar is a little quite, but with hundreds of bars to chose from in Barcelona this isn't really a problemThe roof top pool is brilliant but was quite crowed the couple of times we used it. There's a large terrace area available to spill over if needed though  
<Date>Sep 8, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Ministry_of_Magic
<Content>Very good hotel       Large bed  
<Date>Sep 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>NMcD
<Content>Brilliant hotel for a city break We have just come back from Barcelona, staying at the Hotel Jazz which is just off Las Ramblas area at Placa de Catalunya. I would recommend this hotel to anyone considering a holiday in Barcelona. Classed as 3 star, I would say top of that class. Spotlessly clean. Very contemporary design and our room was one of the best I have stayed in for a city break. Good size, bathroom excellent. TV, Mini Bar, security deposit, excellent storage. Rooms cleaned and towels changed every day. Staff were very courteous. The hotel has a roof top pool/sun area which, although small, was ideal and a really nice place to spend a few hours before going out in the evening. The location is first class for transportation, sight seeing, eating out etc. Had a great time in Barcelona and I am so glad I picked the Hotel Jazz.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Montrealer-x2
<Content>Cool hotel       Bathroom  
<Date>Sep 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	3	4	

<Author>rovision
<Content>best hotel ever       main sleeping room  
<Date>Sep 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>raceyshade
<Content>Hotel Jazz stay excellent hotel, friendly staff, good AC in a hot hot barcelona.great location. one point i would note is there are no ironing facilities in the room , but as a whole its a great place to stay. I shall stay here agauin very soon.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Pusscatio
<Content>OK but nothing to rave about - pool area dirty and not enough sunbeds We stayed at Hotel Jazz over the bank holiday weekend - the same time as some of the other reviewers. I'd booked the hotel (in January) on the basis of the other reviews on tripadvisor. Arrived late afternoon - after 3 o'clock - room not ready. However not really a problem we only had a 5 minute wait. We ended up in a junior suite (upgrade) - so maybe it was not a bad thing to be last to arrive on that day! it was on the 4th floor and the metro is very loud - it does keep you awake and the room does shake a little from the vibration of the trains which do seem to run all night. The suite had a small seating area which faced a wall - so not really that useful - certainly wouldn't pay for a junior suite.Hotel was clean, great location and staff were helpful - only real gripe is that went upto the pool on Bank holiday monday late afternoon - not a sun bed to be had - other than the ones littered with old towels and dirty plates and glasses. It was really dirty and not inviting at all. No towels, though eventually tracked a one down, which we shared and managed to sit round by the tables and chairs which was fine. Its OK but not as great as you reviews lead to you to believe - great location but nothing to write home about. For a good trip whilst in Barcelona why not try Fat Tire Bike Tours - really good way to see the city and great fun as well.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>WorcestershireBeth
<Content>Great location This hotel is in a great location for the metro and buses to all the tourist attractions in Barcelona.It is a clean, modern stylish hotel with the bonus of a roof top swimming pool.The only small criticism I would have is that the breakfast is a little expensive for what is on offer, however there are many local bars and cafes to eat in with excellent choices of food and good value for money .  
<Date>Sep 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Milla75
<Content>Great hotel!!!       The room  
<Date>Aug 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>AKAdc
<Content>Great stay in Barca       Standard room  
<Date>Aug 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>B_from_Berks
<Content>Very good until the Brits arrived I'm giving the hotel a good review as I think that on the whole it was very good. Everything said in these reviews was accurate: the room was very clean and well presented, the position was great for us (I had stayed in the middle of the Barri Gotic before, but preferred it here, as we got to go North to the Gracia area as well), and breakfast was very good.The concierge gave 2 excellent restaurant reviews, including Patagonia steakhouse and the El Raco which was 2 minutes away, very unusual, tasty and well priced. All in all, it's usually worth asking, as their recommends were always better than our gos at finding somewhere to eat!Took the Bus Turistic for 2 days (only 23 Euros per person for 2 days, which was a bargain) and had some lovely strolls around the Barri Gotic and the areas around the hotel.The rooftop pool was also very nice, and we had some very peaceful afternoons up there (watch out for the bird scarer - scares the begeebies out of you first time!). On our fourth day, our afternoon by the pool was ruined by a large group of Brits who (as we have seen so many times before on holiday) acted like they owned the place, behaved very badly, were loud, drunk and did not attempt to control their children (one of whom threw a ball off the 9th floor onto the street below). It completely spoiled our afternoon, although we understand that this was not the fault of the hotel.As we were checking out, we noticed that a large British Hen Party were checking in, so we can only think that we timed that right.When will Brits abroad start to understand that there are other people around, and that a little consideration goes a long way.Anyway, please don't let this put you off this very good hotel. We would def return.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>pinkgizmo
<Content>Fab location and great hotel!! Just got back from the Bankholiday weekend here,The hotel was very modern and clean and had been decorated to a very high standard,the bathrooms were really nice with decent hot and powerful showers,and a tiny balcony you could stand 1person on if you wanted to.The pool was small but fine and it's up on the roof so you get lots of sun .The hotel location was ideal and you could walk everywhere and there are plenty of restaraunts near by .If I go back to Barcelona I would definately stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>traceylovestravel
<Content>really really wonderful hotel. Go!!       our safe, ps they accept liability for up to 600euro  
<Date>Aug 26, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ChrisBrennan
<Content>Nice modern hotel The Hotel Jazz is in a very good location, it is clean and modern. The pool is only small but there is ample terrace space for sunbathing. It had great shower facilities for check out day, lots of people put their cases behind their sunbeds and stayed as late a possible before heading to the airport. The breakfast was super, much more than the average 'continental' and well worth getting a deal that includes it in the cost. The free internet access was a bonus and the bar was very pleasant with a relaxed atmosphere. The staff all spoke English and were helpful and polite. My only complaint was our room was too dark. The hairdryer was in the bathroom and there was no mirror at the dressing table. Not great for ladies getting ready as I had to wait for the steam of the shower to clear before I could do hair and makeup! Might sound petty but with 2 ladies getting ready it would be a pain.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MrMadJackMcMad
<Content>Clean Modern Great Location and Friendly My wife and I stayed at the Hotel Jazz back in June.Once off the plane we were shattered so opted for a taxi which costed in the region of 20 - 25 euros which we felt quite reasonable.The hotel is very clean and modern. The room itself was not huge but more than adequate for our short stay. All appliances are modern and clean. We found the staff to be very helpful from the reception all the way to the chamber maids.The breakfast was very nice with all the cereals, jams, fruits, breads we could want, along with all the meats and cheeses we didn't want ( although the Spanish guests tucked into these and seemed content!)The location is excellent even to the point of the City bus tour stopping right outside the hotel.My only quarm with the hotel was that the bar shut early which you could understand as we didn't actually ever see anyone in it. But as someone who enjoys winding down with a beer and large gin in his hotel before retiring to his room after a long day and night, I did miss this facility. There is a mini bar in the room, but as we all know, its not the same. this would not stop me staying at this hotel again. I only mention this because I am doing a review and to be pre-warned is to be pre-armed!  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Richard_from_England
<Content>fab - some extra tips Great location  good value. I booked with the hotel direct (via email) and got a good deal on a family room which gave us a lovely corner room with two double beds separated by a partition. We drove from England so wanted parking - they have a small but very secure underground parking area which they charge 22Euros/night for. However the staff were fantastically helpful with perfect English and on check-out they let us have the parking free - Fab :-)The rooftop pool can get busy late afternoon and some people seem to try and reserve beds for the day despite not being there - just move their towels off and relax!!!The supermarket 200metres down La Rambla is useful for snacks etc and cheap wine (pack a corkscew).There is no kettle in the room - so pack a travel kettle if you want.Lots of restaurants about - avoid the ones directly on La Rambla (small portions and overpriced).Stayed in hundreds of hotels and this has to be one of the best - especially the helpful staff.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>greatscot
<Content>Great location Stayed at Hotel Jazz for 2 nights August 2007. Staff friendly. Room was quite small, but as with everywhere in hotel very clean and modern. Air conditioning was superb and a definite must at this time of year. Swimming pool on the roof is an added bonus and was very clean and not busy at all. There are sunbeds surrounding the pool and we never had a problem getting one. Location is fantastic, about 5 minute walk from the top of La Ramblas. Hotel sits on busy road but we never had a problem with traffic noise. We were on the 7th floor!!  
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>TomLondonUK
<Content>Great Hotel in Heart of Barcelona I took my fiance here for her birthday this year and it was a truely wonderful time. The hotel was great - helpful front desk staff, very clean and quiet rooms, great location - just off the Plaza Catalunya off the top of the Ramblas. So a short walk back in the evening from the Gothic area and all the great tapas bars! Oh and they didn't even mind us checking in well before the advertised check-in time! :o)The hotel is very modern and trendy and the roof top swimming pool provides a welcome great from the Summer heat of the city.I would recommend this hotel to anyone and everyone!  
<Date>Aug 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>slocal
<Content>Very Nice Hotel in a convenient location We just returned from a 10 day tour of Spain followed by a Mediterranean Cruise. We stayed at the Hotel Jazz one night following the cruise and found it to be a wonderful experience. Prior to the cruise we stayed at the Rick Steves recommended Hotel Continental Barcelona, paying almost the same price for much inferior accommodations. We did this to meet up with some traveling companions who had already booked the Hotel Continental. The Hotel Jazz is one and a half blocks off the west end of La Rambla and Catalonia Square. There are numerous good restaurants and other facilities in the neighborhood. We found two excellent restaurants on the streets just west of Catalonia Square. Back to the Hotel Jazz. The check in was easy, with the staff speaking English very well. We checked in at 10 am and the room was surprisingly ready. We had asked for a room away from the street but none were available. This turned out not to be a problem as the windows were double paned and the Spanish traffic is much quieter than in Italy. Not a problem for a light sleeper. The room was very large, clean, and bright, just as shown in pictures on the hotel internet site. The room and lobby are very modern. The bed was excellent, this from someone who is extremely critical. My wife also loved her tub. They have two free internet computer terminals. They do not have a printer, but claimed you could email things to their address and they would print it at the front desk. On the same floor as the computers there is a pleasant bar and two large rooms where breakfast is served. It is 15 euro per person and looked very good, although we did not partake. Our rate was 110 euro plus tax. Not inexpensive, but very reasonable for Barcelona, which seems to be the most expensive city in Spain for hotel rooms. Highly recommended.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Shinyhappyman
<Content>Stay here soon!! Stay here when you come to Barca. It is the best hotel for a comfortable friendly and clean experience. Staff are fantastic, very welcoming and friendly, speak excellent English if your Catalan or Spanish isnt up to scratch! Pool is great for a midday break between trips around the city, with great views and lots of sun chairs, plus tables to have drinks. Breakfast is a bit pricey but worth it once in a while when your feeling lazy in the morning. Our room was very nice, comfortable, modern without being cold, nice bathroom, great shower which I consider essential, air conditioning, great safe which unusually the hotel will accept liability for if something is stolen (up to 600 euro worth). Central location without being too noisy at night, you can hear the metro rumble occassionally, but this never affected me, I only ever noticed when I was awake. Also its very reasonable!  
<Date>Aug 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Hawaiian Will
<Content>Enjoyable Stay We just returned from a 1 night pre-cruise stay and a 5 night post-cruise stay at the Hotel Jazz. All in all, we enjoyed this hotel very much - from the prime location, the comfortable bed, the linens and the helpfulness of the staff - in particular, Marien. I had actually double-booked a stay at another hotel (Hotel Majestic) for our post-cruise stay but was pleased with the Jazz that I cancelled my reservation at the Majestic. On the pre-cruise stay, we had a triple room on the 7th floor (Room 706) which consists of a large king bed and a fold-out sofa for the 3rd person. The swimming pool was on the 8th floor. We didn't notice any subway noise but heard noise from the street / traffic. The windows do not seem to do much to insulate the exterior sound. We live in a city and are therefore use to such sounds. On the post-cruise stay, we stayed in another triple which was located on the 6th Floor (Room 606). Of the 2 rooms, Room 606 was larger as it had a wall in between the king bed and the sofabed. Both rooms are on the southwest corner of the building so you had windows that opened up on two sides of the room. Air conditioning worked great - probably too well and it took some time to figure out how to adjust the temps. Don't know if it was because we were there longer, but we did hear the noise and the rumble of the subway in this room.Positives: Location, friendliness of the staff, the pool, usage of computer with internet access (front desk offered to print my boarding passes if I would only email it to them). Food ordered from the pool was fairly good and relatively inexpensive. 11 Euros for a large pizza and a liter of water.Negatives: Pool doesn't open until 10 a.m. and closes at 8 p.m. My wife would have liked to get in a morning or late night swim for exercise, but they lock the floor. Also, housekeeping didn't make our room until late in the afternoon (4 pm) even though we put out the sign for room clean up at 9 a.m. After a day of sightseeing, the last thing we want is to return to an unmade room or catch the housekeeper in the middle of her clean up. I think that she was concerned about cleaning up the rooms for guests who were departing so that the hotel could have them available for incoming guests instead of taking care of the other guests who were staying.It cost us 25 Euros for a taxi cab from the hotel to the airport at 5 a.m. (no traffic), but note the taxi adds another 2 Euros for each additional piece of luggage. We had previously booked a private car to pick us up from the airport to take us to the Hotel Jazz and that was $50 flat. If we did not anticipate that there was going to be little traffic at the time of the morning, we would probably book a private car as it would be cheaper and probably less stressful. The taxi driver spoke NO english whatsoever.If returning to Barcelona, we'd stay at this place again and would recommend it to anyone.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>ArtistJames
<Content>Jazzy-Hotel in Mardi Gras-like town LOCATION: We took the bus from the airport to the nearby Placa de Catalunya for about 3 euros each. There are plenty of busses going to the Placa and they are easy to find, but don鈥檛 bother with their automated curb-side ticket machines. None of them worked when we were there, creating long lines of frustrated customers. You can simply buy your ticket from the bus driver upon entry. We took a taxi on our way back to the hotel instead of taking the bus (around 30 euros with all the fees) because we simply didn鈥檛 want to deal with dragging our suitcases through the mass of humanity at the Placa. Barcelona in August is crazy busy, like going to Mardi Gras in New Orleans. The hotel itself is clean, sleek and new, and just far enough from the Placa to provide a sense of refuge. The place used to be a bus station, making it an interesting and fun lay-out. The staff was helpful and gave us free maps. The University metro stop is right outside the hotel, and yes, you do hear the underground rumbling in your room which sounds like an elevator. I wore earplugs to counteract it and slept well. Frankly, the party girls in the hallways at all hours were a greater problem. ROOMS: We booked months ahead of time and got a lovely courtyard double room for only 105 euros, a great value for high season in Barcelona. Our beds were comfortable and the air conditioning worked well. Like others, we had issues with getting water all over the floor from the partially enclosed shower. My daughter had to blow-dry her hair in the bedroom because she was worried she鈥檇 electrocute herself standing in the puddles of water. There is a drain in the floor outside the shower but it doesn鈥檛 help much. We could have used more soaps, towels and tissue paper, but we got a nice supply of razors, toothbrushes, etc. BREAKFAST: We ate the 15 euro breakfast most days as it was too good, fast and convenient to pass up. You can also watch German MTV while you鈥檙e eating with all the international travelers and their families in the breakfast room. POOL: A happy place. You can order up food and lay in the sun while looking at the view (and the occasional topless sunbather). INTERNET: There are two Internet computers next to the bar, but the rooms themselves offer excellent free wireless. ROOM SERVICE: If you鈥檙e feeling overdone by all the Spanish ham and heavy meats, order up the vegetarian pizza. Delicious. OVERALL: This place is cool without trying too hard, a fun hotel with no snobbish airs, and an excellent value if you book ahead. Just be prepared for a party if it鈥檚 August.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>gabby
<Content>loved the jazz , but......... have just returned from 8 nights at the jazz , and while i agree with a lot of what other reveiwers have written , in terms of praise for the hotel there are also some things to be aware of . but the good points first ! this is an excellently located hotel , about 5 mins walk from la rambla and catalunya square , it's an ideal base for a holiday . the hotel is spotlesly clean , with good size rooms and bathrooms . there is also a safe available in the room for passports etc while 15 euros is quite a bit for the buffet breakfast , they have a really good spread and really sets you up for the day , we also found inexpensive brekfasts at 'bracafe' just off the square and there is a starbucks near by . now for the not so good bits !if you are on a lower floor ( we were on the 2nd ) the metro is very noisey , especially at night ,if you are a light sleeper i would suggest requesting a higher floor .the bathrooms are excellent but there is no bath mat in the shower and it gets very slippery , in fact my friend slipped in the shower , so if you are unsteady on your feet beware . the shower screen also does not cover much of the bath so the floor can end up quite wet and slippery as well .the reception area is very minimalistic , there is no tourist information available in the lobby area , so make a trip to the tourist office in the square to get information and book trips .the other problem is that although the hotel says it has a currency exchange they would not change sterling travelers cheques , and when i went to change euro cheques they refused as they said they needed the cash !! there is a bank near by and also a exchange in the square , but be aware they will charge 9 euros commision . a couple of things that would have been nice as well would have been tea and coffee making facilities in the room and also an ice machine available as the water form the taps can be warm at timesall in all though this is an excellently placed hotel ,with much to recomend it , and with a few minor adjustments could be even better  
<Date>Aug 10, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	2	3	-1	

<Author>timselliott
<Content>couldnt fault this in any respect Given the price we paid, this was the best value hotel I have ever stayed in. The reception staff were extremely helpful providing a range of information when requested. The rooms were excellent quality (very large beds) and the pool was fantastic. Its only small but thats all you need for an early morning dip or to cool off at the end of the day.The hotel itself is in a good location close to the main centre.If I ever went back to Barcelona this would be first place I would return to  
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>karenh83
<Content>All that jazz and more! Hotel Jazz was absolutely perfect, situated only a minute away from the top of La Rambla (the main street). The great design was modern but not cold or hard and the rooms were just the right size.The location was great, ideal for the Aerobus from the airport which is only 4euros for a single trip and it drops you literally around the corner from the hotel. If you head down towards the port there is La Rambla and the Barri Gotic area - if you head up the street, its the main shopping district - all chic designer shops. There are loads of cafes around, and a few shops (Zara, Mango, even Topshop!) literally on the doorstep to the hotel.We didn't want to pay 14euros or whatever the price was for breakfast, I think that was the only down point - we couldn't find anywhere nice to have breakfast, so ended up having it at Starbucks! (There are at least 4 starbucks within 10 mins of the hotel!) And there is free internet access 24 hours in the bar area - the bar is again, great modern decor, but maybe a little pricey (but you get free crisps with your drinks!). The pool area was just great - most people seemed to go sightseeing during the best part of the day, then come back to the hotel around 3.30/4pm to chill out by the pool. We found if you get to the pool around 2.30/3ish you basically have the poolside to yourself, but if you go later around 4, you might struggle to find a sunbed. They also provide towels around the pool, but sometimes they run out later in the day. Its really clean, and the views are great! I think the only downside about the pool was there wasn't enough shade - the umbrellas they had (only about 3!) often couldn't go up because of the strong breeze. There is also the really loud bird sound over the tannoy every hour (which wakes you up if you're napping!) but it keeps the birds away - and it works! You can order food  drink from up there as well, the drinks were pricey (2euros for a coke) but the food was quite cheap. There were workmen working on the roof while we were there which was quite annoying but it was only for a couple of days.If you have a late flight, the check out time is a reasonable 12noon, and they are really good about letting you use their facilities, they have a lock up area for your bags, and you can use the pool  shower up by the pool for the rest of the afternoon. We ordered a taxi from the hotel back to the airport (having taken the Aerobus in) but they add a hotel surcharge for ordering you one - the taxi was pricey as well (nearly 40euros!!) but I think we got completely ripped off!The rooms and bathroom were a great size - and yes, you can hear the metro but its literally just like the rumble of a car going past - what can you expect in the middle of a city?! But otherwise the rooms were silent as can be and the air conditioning was heaven after coming in from sightseeing! The bathrooms were really clean and again, modern decor - felt like luxury! In terms of food - I would recommend you book a few nights ahead for restaurants or else you might end up waiting an hour for a table - even during the week. Also some of the restaurants I can recommend around Barcelona are: La Crema Canela - you HAVE to try this restaurant, its just off the Placa Reial - people were queuing to get into this posh restaurant on the square, but if you go around the corner this was so much better, its so cheap and absolutely beautiful interior and the food is so tasty! El Gran Cafe - situated in a back street in the Barri Gothic area, 1920s interior, a bit more pricey but fantastic food.NOTI Restaurant - If you are looking for a posh, luxury restaurant, I would come here - it was my boyfriends birthday so I wanted to take him somewhere special. It was a lovely atmosphere and the food was amazing!But anyway, I would REALLY recommend Hotel Jazz to anyone!  
<Date>Aug 3, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>DSparks267
<Content>Chic Hotel/Great Location I thought the rooms and location were great. Very modern, minimalist, muted style, which we enjoyed very much. Air Conditioning was wonderful. Pool was lovely. The only thing that I was not thrilled about was the staff. They don't really have a business office. And their printer wasn't working. So I had to use an internet cafe. The staff answered direct questions, but I thought they were not particularly friendly, and their recommendations were sometimes way off base. I asked about a gym, and they recommended a place literally miles away from the hotel. With not much effort, I found a great one 4 blocks away (Holmes Place). Another time I asked about having laundry done. Again, he recommended a place 15 minutes by foot, and the nearby tourist office recommended one which was blocks away!  
<Date>Aug 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	3	2	2	

<Author>PoofsOnTour
<Content>In the middle of it all!       Front of Jazz  
<Date>Jul 29, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	-1	4	5	

<Author>Hannah84
<Content>Loved it, would definately return I went to Hotel Jazz for a long weekend, and loved it. I wish i was still there. The hotel was really lovely, a prime location just off the Las Rambla, and near several Metro stations. The reception were very helpful in any questions we asked. The rooms were lovely, big bed, clean and very roomy. The pin code safe is perfect for your valuables and passport/money etc. The roof top pool was lovely and you had a view across Barcelona, you can order drinks and food whilst being up on the roof all you need to do is call down. All the staff were very pleasant. We had breakfast included in our stay and there was a wide variety of foods to have. I would love to go back there.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Lehobro
<Content>Hotel Jazz was fantastic My husband and I stayed at the Hotel Jazz in July '07 for 5 nights and loved it!! You really could not beat the location- less than a block from the Universitat metro stop, and a block the other direction from Placa Catalunya and another metro stop. Plus, the room was beautful, the hotel itself is very classy and as modern as they get, the staff was very friendly and helped us book several things, and the rooftop pool and view were excellentThere were only a few minor, nitpicky concerns (that would never prevent us from returning, by the way)- the shower wasn't fully enclosed, and thus water sprayed all over the floor every time you showered, and the breakfast (in our package) was not included and WAY too expensive- 15 Euros. Also, the staff started cleaning trhe rooms too early in the morning- it could have just been our floor (6th), but if you stay there and plan to sleep later than about 9, make use of the do not disturb door sign. Overall, we had a fantastic experience and would certainly go back!  
<Date>Jul 23, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>axcooper
<Content>Loved it, even with kids We loved this hotel. The rooms are quite small and we really noticed it because we had a cot but we spent no time in it so it didn't really matter. We didn't see any other children there but the staff were great with us and my son who was one at the time. Always helping us with buggy and finding him a nice seat for breakfast. The location is fantastic. Down a very safe road and just off the main touristy streets.Can't fault our stay. Brilliant!  
<Date>Jul 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Tippytail
<Content>This hotel is brilliant in every respect! We chose this hotel because of the good reviews it had received on this website. We were not disappointed!The staff were friendly, the rooms were attractively decorated, spacious and clean and the roof top pool was a fabulous place to cool down after a days sight seeing.It is easy to get to, just a couple of minutes walk from the Universitat metro station, and is only a few minutes walk from Las Ramblas. I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone going to Barcelona.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>T-SGlobetrotters
<Content>Great boutique hotel in prime location Booked Hotel Jazz following a number of very positive TA recommendations.Offers very good value for money. We paid 160 euro's per night and for this you get a top notch hotel room with huge bed, well equipped bathroom and separate shower, good toiletries etc decorated in chic up to date style.Reception as others commented are very helpful providing map and information. Location very convenient but far enough off the square to be reasonably quiet and close to underground. Pool is another bonus.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Statistics07
<Content>Even for Conferences We stayed here during the first week of july. Excellent room; quiet; non-smoking!!!; great breakfast buffet; roof terrace; subway entrance within 100mtrs. Could reach the Casa Convalescencia in the Hospital san Pau in 20 minutes.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	3	4	5	

<Author>andysc
<Content>Superb! Have just returned from staying 3 nights in Barcelona with my girlfriend. The hotel itself  the room are superbly styled  spotless. Was impressed as soon as I walked through the doors. Girlfriend loved the bathroom, need I say more? Bed was massive  very comfortable.The pool on the roof is great  the sound levels due to the traffic outside were almost non existant on the 2nd floor. Ordered breakfast just one morning  it was excellent also  exactly on time.Perfect location for getting straight on the metro or bus routes. Excellent selection of bars/food etc, within 2 mins walk every direction!Really enjoyed staying here, and will definately be returning in the future again.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Scot12
<Content>Great location! We arrived early at the hotel at midday, expecting to be able just to leave our luggage, but were met by charming desk staff who promptly checked us in upgrading us to a Junior Suite as it was the only room ready! The hotel was very smart and in a fantastic location. We were able to walk easily to many attractions. The suite was very nice, spacious and on 6th floor with great views -very little noise except on night of 23rd June which was a fiesta night and the fireworks were spectacular and went on all night! Would stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	5	

<Author>AfricanMorningDew
<Content>Loved it so much, I'm writing my 1st review after 1 year I've never written a review before, but I find tripadvisor so helpful, and LOVED this hotel that I had to share. I loved it so much that I'm writing the review 1 year after my stay. Great Location - close to everything yet quiet, Great service - they made a great recommendation for restaurants (named Pla) and my fiance had them organize flowers and champagne for a surprise and they were the most beautiful flowers I've ever received. A huge bouquet, I was so sad to leave them on our departure - and they were very affordable ($50 - $100 US). The decor was very chic and modern. We got a deal for $150 USD per night and it was well worth it. Will definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Monty2212
<Content>Great Hotel, Great Location Location couldn't be more perfect, just off the main tourist strip in the centre of Barcelona and within walking distance of many of the tourist attractions. Really modern, huge rooms, reasonable price and great facilities. Its only down fall was the overpriced and not very tasty food!  
<Date>Jul 8, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Reb_Jim
<Content>Nice hotel, staff somewhat lacking Very nice, clean, modern hotel. Excellent roof top pool (weather permitting). Staff not very enthusiastic, helpful or proactive, apart from the boys in the bar, who were friendly when approached first. Better for couples with an idea of what they want out of Barcelona. The room wasn't huge, but was very nice. In Aussie dollar terms, value for money was ok, but not great. We were just dissapointed with lack of staff interest - did not help us get to know Barcelona at all. Mind you, we did not encounter many friendly locals in a 7 day stay. Is anyone working in Barcelona actually from Barcelona? No one seems to be local, and none of them seem to like it there. We stayed in Apartments in many other cities, and should have done so here, as the hotel staff were of no real help at all.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	3	3	4	

<Author>holidayfever
<Content>Excellent!!! I stayed here for 4 nights with my husband at the end of June. We booked after reading the reviews on Tripadvisor and we weren't disappointed.The rooms and public areas are spotless and the breakfast was ample and the choice was excellent.We were on the 6th floor and were aware of the metro running underneath so I suppose it could be quite noisy if you are on a lower floor. It certainly didn't bother us though. We did request a high floor however by E.Mailing the hotel about 3 days before we arrived.We would definately return to this hotel if we ever returned to Barcelona  
<Date>Jun 30, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>dcaMaidenhead
<Content>Jazz Fantastic Stayed at the Jazz for our silver wedding anniversary - and what a great place to stay. The hotel is in an excellent location - just 2 minutes' walk from the top of the Rambla. Our room was wonderful  the rooftop pool/terrace is great for sunbathing after a busy day. The city tour main bus office is directly opposite the hotel, and the general location is ideal.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	3	3	3	

<Author>dobima
<Content>Fantastic hotel! Great, stylish hotel in a very central location. Staff were all very friendly and helpful - recommended a fab tapas bar around the corner (on Placa Universitat), Celler de Tapas, which I would highly recommend. Our room was on the 7th floor overlooking the Carrer de Pelais which was perfect as we could keep an eye on the busy street below, but didn't hear any of the noise (double glazing worked a treat) - room was modern, had icy cool aircon, very clean and bathroom not only had the usual shower gel and shampoo, but a disposable razor, comb and sponge! Pool on the roof a real bonus too especially after a long hot day of sight seeing and the views across Barcelona were awesome. We'd definitely stay there again and I wouldn't hesitate in recommending this hotel to anyone visiting Barcelona.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	3	3	5	

<Author>twoplusfive
<Content>Just as promised My test of a hotel is the quality of sleep that I get. Jazz offers a good bed, good pillows and air conditioning that works and is so quiet that if it wasn't for the fact that the room got cooler you might think it was not working (which may be the reason that some people can hear or feel the Metro - in most NA hotels the AC fan is so loud that the Metro vibration would not be the thing that you would notice). Also, if you like outside air, the windows open (good only if you have an inner courtyard room due to street traffic). In summary I got a good nights rest every night. Add to that competent and friendly staff, designer rooms, a great location (close to the airport bus drop-off/a short 3 min walk to both La Ramblas and the not- so-touristy shopping and eating district to the northwest) and a roof top pool area that gives you a wonderful break after a day touring. I am sure there are negatives but none that I can think would be worth mentioning given the value. I'll stay there again..  
<Date>Jun 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Caroline27
<Content>Fantastic My partner and I have just returned from a 4 night stay at Hotel Jazz and we both loved it - this hotel is highly recommended and if we go back to Barcelona then I would definitely stay here.Overall the hotel was very clean, modern and quiet. Location was fabulous, 5 minutes from Placa Cataluyna and Las Ramblas.The staff were very friendly and we even got into our room at 12pm - 3 hours prior to official check in time.  There are showers on the roof terrace which we were allowed to use after checking out - this was a big bonus for us as our flight was at 10pm so we got to enjoy another day in Barcelona. The hotel also kept our luggage.The underground does run underneath the hotel but to be honest you hardly feel the vibrations.We had breakfast in our room rate and it was ideal, there was a wide buffet selection to cater for everyone. I recommend this hotel to anyone staying in Barcelona.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>wendilev
<Content>Jazz Vibrations! We chose the Hotel Jazz because of all the positive comments on the Trip Advisor website. BUT, no one mentioned that the underground subway run beneath the hotel causing unpleasant vibrations and noise every hour or so all night long. You get used to it, but it is a negative that you should know about!  
<Date>Jun 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>GOMCP
<Content>Good Hotel in a Great City Excellent hotel. We were on the 5th floor at the front overlooking Carrer de Pelai. We could just hear the metro 鈥?did not affect us, neither did traffic noise. Convenient for most places 鈥?easy walking distance to Ramblas. Front desk were very helpful.Many reviews have mentioned the price of breakfast 鈥?in our view it depends on what you want. If you just want a coffee and croissant then 14 euro is expensive 鈥?but the food on offer is excellent and there is a good variety on offer, including hot food. And you can stock up on fruit for the day. As advised by some reviewers we did try D鈥橭r (across the street) but by the time we had coffee, juice and sandwiches it was not significantly cheaper than the hotel.There is a Sandwich bar in same block as hotel for a quick bite during the day.There is a Carrefour at the top of Ramblas for essentials. Would recommend getting the Aerobus from the airport 鈥?the hotel is just three stops on the route (near University). When you get off the bus the hotel is across the street and to the left (less than 5 minutes walk with cases).Go to the 鈥淓l Raco鈥?restaurant (leave the hotel, turn right and it is directly across the street) 鈥?the steak is how meat should taste -really excellent flavour.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>carobritravels
<Content>stylish barcelona hotel       hotel jazz  
<Date>Jun 10, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	4	3	3	

<Author>ALE1923
<Content>Nice place in a good location The Jazz was a modern hotel in a good location. Close to Placa Cataluyna and Las Ramblas. Nice hotel staff: professional and helpful. FREE internet available to guests right next to the hotel bar. Large room size and modern bathroom. Altogether a really nice place to stay! We'd stay there again.  
<Date>Jun 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>CityBeachGirl
<Content>No compaints! Loved this Barcelona Hotel!       Hotel Jazz Hallway  
<Date>Jun 7, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>LindaNZ
<Content>Jazz a favourite We stayed at the Jazz for 5 nights at the end of May, largely based on the reviews on this site.I found most hotels in Barcelona expensive (and unavailable) when I was booking in April, so don't regret the 160 euros excl VAT which we paid. We couldn't get a booking through the hotel website (it showed unavailable) but managed to get a room through Venere.com. The first welcome surprise was that the Airport Bus stops in Plaza Universitat. Very convenient - you simply cross the square to Calle Pelai, walk a few metres, and you're at the hotel.The check in staff were amongst the top three hotels for friendliness and helpfulness in our entire 5 week trip in Spain. They were also very helpful when we wanted to organise a day trip to Montserrat.The Hotel Jazz is a brilliant location. The Metro stop at Universitat makes getting around the city very easy (buying a 10 trip ticket was perfect for 5 days), its a short walk to Las Ramblas or across to Passeig de Gracia. Across the road on Pelai is a great little cafe for breakfast - Viena - and there are lots of bars and restaurants around. The room was large, clean, in a contemporary design - just like the website. We were on the 6th floor and had no problems with noise.There is free internet access in the bar - two PCs there - which was very welcome to holiday makers who had determinedly left their laptops at home, but by this time were going through email withdrawal!Although it was still quite cool in Barcelona, the pool area was busy whenever we checked it out. Kids loved it, and the roof is a nice place to relax after a hard day sightseeing or walking the city.I have no hesitation in recommending the Jazz.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>babybruin
<Content>Excellent Hotel What a great hotel!! I just got back from Barcelona a couple of weeks ago, and I fell in love with the city and Hotel Jazz. Hotel Jazz is in a great location. The staff were very friendly and accommodating. I really enjoyed the hotel's modern decor. My room was very large compared to most European rooms. The size reminded me of an American Hotel. My room was very clean as well. I would definitely stay here again and I'm recommending the hotel to all my friends. If you stay here, be sure to use the free internet computers on the 1st floor and check out the pool on the roof. The view is awesome.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RedZoneGlobal
<Content>Get Your Jazz On! I had booked the Jazz based on other's reviews, and everyone's raves about this hotel were spot on!Front Desk staff is friendly, rooms are nice, and the hotel is located 2 blocks from the city centre.We asked for a room above the 4th floor, and barely noticed the subway rumble, and the glass in the windows silenced the street noise completely.We did our share of Tapas, but found a Cuban restaurant about 15 minutes walk between the hotel and the waterfront. I highly recommend this restaurant if you want to eat where the locals hang.. Can't remember the name, but maybe the front desk staff can help.I recommend doing a 2 day pass on the city bus tour. That way you can spread the two routes across a couple of days. It's the best way to get an overview of the entire city. Well run, and great views.We walked Las Ramblas, and found a wonderful pottery store a couple blocks off, that had great selection and price. There are four of these stores in Barcelona proper.Ate dinner one night at the Seven Ports. The paella was good, but I've had better. Still neat to eat in such a historic landmark. They serve four types of olive oil w/ bread, and one of them was the best I've ever had. Internet access was good, and priced reasonably. The room was clean, and set up efficiently. Larger than standard European rooms.I recommend this hotel to anyone staying in Barcelona, that wants to be near the heart of the city.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>WORLD_TRAVEL777
<Content>Best Hotel !! We stayed here for a week in May 2007. Was really impressed by this hotel - due to its: location, amenities, staff, room quality and style.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>carlstef
<Content>Good hotel, but watch the price This hotel is just fine. Modern, clean, quiet, great location. Staff is friendly and helpful.For $200 per nite I highly recommend it. But it is just not worth $300+, which is what I paid. Maybe Barcelona is just an expensive town.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>Oriental Amelie
<Content>Loved it! I stayed here for 3 nights with my boyfriend to celebrate our 3 year anniversary in Barcelona and the hotel exceeded out expectations. Having heard that city centre hotels are not as clean as those on the outskirts, I was a bit wary but I needn't have worried!The staff are friendly and helpful. Check-in was swift and hassle-free. It literally took us 5 minutes to check-in. Maid service was excellent. The hotel is spotlessly clean with modern decor and I have no complaints at all about the room or en suite.My only 'whinges' (which is an overstatement) are:(1) The pool is on the small side and rather shallow.(2) The rumbling noise which the lift makes - this may not be heard from other rooms situated away from the lift.All in all, our stay here was extremely pleasant and the location is excellent too - about 1-2 minute walk to Placa de Catalunya and the same to La Rambla. I would recommend restaurants in the Barri Gotic and the squares just off La Rambla also. Look out for Les Quinze Nits (found in a large square off La Rambla) - cheap and yummy food. We were particularly curious when we saw a huge queue of people stretching across the square! La Taller de Tapas is fantastic for tapas with lots of coverage in newspaper articles. You can take the Aerobus from La Placa de Catalunya to and from the airport costing 4 euros max which takes about 40 minutes but the queues can be long. If you take the taxi option, it will set you back around 20-30 euros depending on how much luggage you have. I would also recommend going on the Bus Turistic to do your tourist sight-seeing.Enjoy!  
<Date>May 31, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Dayoff
<Content>JUST GREAT! My husnand and I visited Barcelona for the first time last week. We enjoyed our 3 nights stay in hotel JAZZ very much! The whole hotel is very clean and spacious. Great design! Modern and friendly. Our room and bathroom was very comfortable and convinient. Breakfast buffet has a full range of delicious food and drinks. Staff is polite and overall friendly. The hotel is situated very central in the city. Ideal for discovering the main attractions of this joyfull city, also because of the availability of an underground railway in the neighbourhood. Next time we will definetly stay in hotel JAZZ again! EXCELLENT!Thea  
<Date>May 26, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cantonamufc
<Content>Fantastic Hotel and city My partner and I stayed in the hotel Jazz in May for 4 nights and could not fault it at all. Ideal location, only 5 mins walk to Las Ramblas, shopping area, Gothic area. 2 mins to nearest Metro stop. The rooms were modern and spacious, great bathroom, satelite t.v. mini bar which wasn't too over priced, comfy beds and very clean. room service is very good and reasonably priced. We had breakfast in bed on 2 of the mornings at no extra cost which is a great service. Free wi-fi plus ethernet conections in all rooms as well as 2 free to use pc's in the bar area. hotel staff very freindly and helpfull. would recomend this hotel to any age group, business or pleasure. The pool on the roof is a nice addition although only used it once, the water was a bit too cold in May but nice place to unwind and catch some sun after a days sight seeing. Barcelona is probably the best city i have been to and i am quite well traveled, it is a very lively place with lots to see and do but laid back at the same time. A must is the open top tourist bus service, 19 euros for 1 day or 23euros for 2 days, there are 3 different routes which stop at all the main tourist sites and you can get on and off as many times as you want, there is a bus every 5 mins or so, it is an ideal way to see the city without missing lots of it by using the underground system (which is very good) and a lot cheaper than getting taxis everywhere. A must is a visit to the sagrada familia, which is absolutly out of this world. We will be staying at the hotel Jazz again no doubt about it.  
<Date>May 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MatteUppsala
<Content>Great hotel at a great location We booked the Hotel Jazz through recommendations using this website. And everyone where right, this is a great hotel with very helpful staff. They helped us booking restaurants, taxi etc. The rooms where modern and always spotless cleaned. The breakfast was great but a little expensive. Because we where 11 people with 3 children we ate there for the convenience. It was very nice to lie down on a bed at the roof terrace after a long day walking around in the streets.If I come back to barcelona, I will definitely stay at the Jazz again.  
<Date>May 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mauitutu
<Content>Great hotel in excellent location This is a very contemporary hotel (think the W hotel style)located just off the famous Ramblas. Our room was well laid out, comfortable and spotless. It was well priced for the location.There was a mini bar, flat screen tv , plentiful towels and nice toiletries. Great beds and pillows. Quiet with interior courtyard.Helpful, courteous staff who spoke fluent English.  
<Date>May 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>monkeynonk
<Content>Great little hotel We stayed in this hotel for 2 nights following a short cruise which ended in barcelona. The hotel was easy to find, maybe 5 mins walk from the top end of the Ramblas. The hotel is very modern and fairly minimalistic in decor. The staff were English speaking and friendly. Although we arrived at 9.30am, they had a room for us by 10am. The room was spacious, good king size bed and blackout curtains. There is a great (small) pool on the roof terrace with views around barcelona and it was empty on the first day. By the second day the pool area was busy, but there were still seats/loungers. We got a late checkout no problem. We didnt try the room service/bar, but the maid service was accomodating with the time the room was made up. I would highly recommend this hotel. Despite being a 3*, it has all we typically find in a 4*.  
<Date>May 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	5	

<Author>Mhairi65
<Content>Clean, Comfortable and Central, but something missing We stayed at the Jazz last week, and cannot fault the cleanliness andcomfort of the rooms. Also enjoyed the room service pizza, which was delivered promptly. However we did feel that this hotel was slightly soulless, and a few extra touches might go a long way towards making guests feel more welcome. For example a complimentary bottle of wateron arrival would I feel be appreciated by many guests who had endureda long journey. We have received (and now come to expect this) in many hotels of a lower rating, and these extra touches really do make a difference. We also found the general ambiance in the public areas around reception bit too stark and unwelcoming.  
<Date>May 11, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	3	3	4	

<Author>juicyjules
<Content>great Great Hotel, better than many 4 star european hotels. Housekeeping do a great job, rooms were spotless, we had a triple room on the 7th floor with four mini balconies, very nice, spacious, bathrooms are very niceand modern, vast array of complimentary toiletries. Bar is nice but closes around12 or 1am.Breakfast is not that cheap at 14 euro but very good, well worth it.Room service pizza was great and very hot when it arrived. Location is superb.Not actually related to the hotel but the three restaurants we visited were les 4 Gats, The Attic and les Quinze Nits,Les 4 gats was really cool place, very atmospheric and good food at reasonable prices, The Attic was awful!! Service and the incredibly rude restaurant manager were mostly to blame but the food was also well below par, I have read many good reviews of it But I can only begin to explain how bad it was, we were a group of 17 and had booked for 10pm many months in advance, when we arrived at 10pm we were told our table was not ready and we had to wait outside for 20mins when we sat down at 10.20 we asked if we could order a drink, the drink finally arrived at 10.50pm when they also finally took our food order. one of our party's main course never arrived and they had to come back out and take her order again after most people were finished, then her meal came out while everyone was reading the desert menu. Our deserts arrived at 20 to 1am. Through all of this not once did anyone even apologise.Les Quinze Nits- Fantastic! Well worth queuing for. We joined the queue at 7.50pm Sunday night and there was about 50 people ahead of us but by 8.30 there must have been almost 1000 people in the queue. Very cheap, very good, very fast, very pleasant!  
<Date>May 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lowieHolland
<Content>Close to Ramblas Nice modern hotel in the centre. 2 minutes from Ramblas and underground. Very nice modern decorated airconditioned rooms.Close to tapas restaurant across the street . If you don't want to have breakfast there (not included in room price) Starbucks is only 80 meters away. As are various others.Nice big beds. Flatscreen tv. About 150 euro per night.  
<Date>May 8, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>Meerkatville
<Content>Great hotel We recently stayed at the Jazz hotel for a couple of nights and cannot fault it. It is very clean and modern with a really nice comfortable bed and the location is great for seeing the sights of Barcelona which is a wonderful city, The staff were very polite and attentive. Would definitely stay here again if we return to Barcelona.Theresa and Peter  
<Date>May 6, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	-1	2	

<Author>lonaldluck
<Content>Amazing Hotel You cant go wrong, close to everything, stayed one night, very clean, very friendly staff.  
<Date>May 5, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>cj1Hertfordshire
<Content>quiet and subdued hotel in good location Spotless but characterless hotel in good location near the metro and open top bus stops. Hotel itself was very quiet but there was alot of road noise at night if the windows were open (we were on the 7th floor). The hotel is situated between two main roads.There were no coffee or tea making facilities in the rooms and we couldn't get any from room service in the mornings as it doesn't open until 1pm! The bar was very quiet and shuts early (midnight). I didn't go to the pool as there is so much to see in the city I didn't have time. I think the hotel is over priced considering the lack of facilities (拢140 per night for a twin roon - no breakfast) but I have been told that Barcelona is pricey. Barcelona is an amazing place to visit and I will definately return (you don't have time in a long weekend to see everything) but I will not return to this hotel.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2007
<Rating>3	2	4	4	5	3	2	-1	

<Author>playasol
<Content>can't go wrong! can't say enough about this hotel. booked through british airways and got a good deal with an unbeliveable full breakfast included. was concerned about the coffee as a few people mentioned the coffee was not up to par. as a starbucks fan, i found the cafe con leche delicious and a great way to start the day. we,( my husband and i, both 50) consider ourselves somewhat hip and very well traveled. as architects, we found the jazz to be just what we were looking for. a small, clean, beautifully designed and furnished hotel. location was perfect., right off the ramblas. we walked everywhere, yet if you are not up to it public transportation is a stone's throw away. room was spacious. great comfortable king size bed. tv with cnn news. staff was helpful and courteous. rooftop deck and pool were a nice retreat in the late afternoon. barcelona is an incredible city and if you are thinking about the jazz, you can't go wrong!  
<Date>Apr 24, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>papasqa
<Content>So quiet Spent four nights here and thoroughly enjoyed it. The hotel was immaculate throughout and the staff were very helpful.The room we had was tastefully decorated as were all the public areas. As some have pointed out breakfast was quite expensive but I would have to say,worth every cent. We decided to try it out on our first morning and then go somewhere outside for the next three days which would be less expensive.In the end we had breakfast in the hotel every day. There was a good choice of food which was well presented and plentiful.What really amazed me was the fact that the hotel is very well located ( near la Rambla, Placa de Catalunya Passeig de Gracia etc) but always very peaceful. No stag/hen parties to disturb you at some ungodly hour. There was very little street noise. We were on the 2nd floor and could hear a not to loud noise from theunderground but it did not cause us any problem. Anyone wanting a very good restful hotel in the centre of Barcelona need look no further than the Jazz  
<Date>Apr 17, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>JB66
<Content>Fab Hotel       Parc Guell  
<Date>Apr 17, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>KipNYC
<Content>Great Location, No Real Issues Stayed over Easter weekend. We arrived early (U.S. redeye flight) but did not have to wait long for the room. No issues with noise at all. Staff were friendly but a bit harried; their English was fine.Initially our room had some electrical problems (TV and several outlets didn't work -- blown fuse?), but the staff fixed it promptly.The biggest headache was with the wi-fi service. We were on the highest floor and in the corner of the building, so our connection simply never functioned properly. The room had an Ethernet jack, however, so we settled for that.The restaurant is basically irrelevant -- opt for eating out.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	2	

<Author>Simon&Shelley
<Content>Great Stay At The Jazz We stayed at the Hotel Jazz from 15th December - 18 December 2006, and picked the hotel because of the reviews on tripadvisor, from the minute we got there to the minute we left, the hotel was brilliant.The Rooms and immaculate, Modern and clean with a nice flat screen LCD T.V, mini bar was surprisingly priced and bathroom and shower were quality.We had Tickets for Espanyol V Real Madrid, and the first thing we did when we checked in was to find out what was the best way to get to the Olympic Stadium, The guy on the front desk was very friendley and advised us well.The Hotel is across the road from a bar called D'or, Go in!!!, amazingly cheap and pint glasses the size of houses!!, we ate dinner there once and the food was quality too!!, at some point over our 3 night stay we ended up in the there for a night cap!!!Only place in Barcelona to stay!!  
<Date>Apr 9, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>UofAWildcats
<Content>Great modern hotel in great location Very nice hotel, modern (thus, don't stay here if you are looking for an extremely Spanish or Catalunyan hotel). Very confortable room with free internet access, minibar, safe, good lighting, modern bathroom. Very quiet on fifth floor (can't comment about the lower floors). Staff spoke English well and were friendly and helpful. Didn't eat in the hotel or use the bar (not sure why you would conisdering the fabulous location and hundreds of eateries within minutes out the front door. 5 minute walk or less to Las Ramblas. 5-10 minute walk to the fabulous neighborhoods of Barri Gotic, El Born, L Eixample, and El Raval. Metro station (Universistat) literally at the front door of the hotel. This provides access to all the other parts of the city. The neighborhood around the hotel is clean, appeared fairly upscale and felt safe (certainly in comparison to Barri Gotic and El Born, which had some scary areas particularly at night). I would definitely stay here again, particularly for the accomodations and the great location (the best location in Barcelona according to a native Barcelonian friend).  
<Date>Apr 8, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rx8
<Content>Great Choice This hotel is in a great location, close to walk to most areas. The sound from the streets was never a problem. We were on the 4th floor and had no noise complaints,The staff were great and very accomodating with any requests. The pool looked nice but the weather was not warm enough to really enjoy it. The breakfast is overpriced for the selection but there are many other choices within walking distance. I would recommend it for anyone heading to Bareclona.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>TheLonelyWanderer
<Content>Fantastic! We booked a long weekend in this hotel after reading tripadvisor reviews and it was fab! Somehow we managed to get a deluxe suite which was huge (full bathroom, twin beds, double sofabed, table and chairs and 4 double windows!!). The hotel was modern, spacious and spotless and the staff were extremely friendly and helpful. Even though we were on a main road, the rooms are well soundproofed. It's cheaper to drink a beer in the hotel bar than a bottle of water in a restaurant on La Rambla! The location was perfect - 5 minutes to La Rambla and Placa Catalunya. We would recommend the Bus Turistic (23euros for 2 days) and there is a stop in the next street to the hotel (Placa de Balmes?). There is never a queue here, yet you will wait a good 10 minutes at Placa Catalunya to get on the bus.We would recommend the restaurants on the Placa Real as they are a nicer vibe, better quality and cheaper than on La Rambla. Watch your bag wherever you are in Barcelona though. You can spot the potential muggers easily in La Rambla.We thoroughly enjoyed our stay and would stay there again, highly recommended.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>thalgizouzle
<Content>Good option in Barcelona This is a good hotel option in Barcelona.  Property generally: Overall, while the design elements are very well carried out, this does feel primarily like a business hotel, and offers no particular Spanish, Catalanian, or even particularly European character per se. It is, however, very modern and has comfortable, clean, fashionable public spaces. Rooms: Well sized, good amenities, well kept, clean and very stylish. Good for either a holiday or a business trip. The windows are well insulated, so even overlooking the busy street, the rooms remain quiet, though hallway noise does come through the door. Location: Excellent. The property is an easy walk to Passeig de Gracia, La Ramblas, and even the beach is not a difficult hike. Oddly, there was no city map provided in the hotel, though I didn't ask the concierge who I assume would have had one available. Service: Every staff member I came into contact with was helpful and generally friendly, and were able to speak with me in English and French.The only warning to people generally about Barcelona is that the shopping is incredibly good - perhaps amongst the best shopping cities in the world - so beware the smoking credit card!  
<Date>Apr 5, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	4	4	3	3	4	

<Author>DerbyshireTwoBobs
<Content>Ideal for long weekend Great location, modern, clean and comfortable accommodation. Throroughly recommended.Staff were very helpful and and efficient. The buffet breakfast, while a bit pricey at 14 euros, has plenty to choose from and was a good start to the day. The pool was waterless when we visited which was a shame - the weather was hot enough for a swim even in mid-March.The hotel is close to Placa de Catalunya, meaning you can walk to many sights such as Gaudi's Casa Batllo, stroll down Las Ramblas or wander the myriad of narrow streets in Barri Gotic. The Placa is also a useful transport hub for buses and the metro to places farther afield. The Bus Turistic may seem a bit tacky, but it is good value and links many of the key sights with frequent open-topped buses.Some reviews mention the rumble fron the metro. We had rooms on the fourth floor but, while just discernable if you're listenng out for it, it never disturbed sleep or any other part of our stay. Our room faced the inner courtyard, so was cool and quiet.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Olofvilla
<Content>Good Location Stopped here after reading reviewsHotel Jazz is in a good location, a few minutes stroll to Plaza Catalunya at the top of the RamblasRoom was comfortable Double , bed and pillows gave comfy sleep. Decor had minimalist feel with brown and red tones, room had free safe and mini bar. - Safe proved handy as I met at least 2 people who had been mugged on Ramblas late at nightPositives - Good Location . pleasant reception staff and good standard clean rooms My negatives - after a lively night out, cleaners have an early start and the wood flooring in corridors and rooms will give you a early morning wake upBreakfast - at 14.98 euro's including tax - poor quality - do yourself a favour and eat outTop Tip Taxi's - If you get a taxi from hotel expect to add on 10 euro's to your fare, stroll 10 yards to the street corner and save yourself some moneyTaxi from airport 20 euro's - hotel booked taxi back to airport 29 euros  
<Date>Mar 30, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	3	3	

<Author>NRSfo
<Content>Lost laptop at checkout lobby - lax security Hotel is okay, the staff are friendly. but beware! the hotel has no security! i could not believe watching the security video - that a person from the street walked inside and walked away with my laptop while i was checking out. it is very easy for outsiders to get in - the hotel has no belldesk or anyone to help with your luggage while you checkout. The location is great, barcelona rocks..Hotel staff were very casual when i reported the incident - they don't feel any responsibility.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>campbell88
<Content>pool was great! We were so glad that we booked a room at the Jazz. Firstly for the location which was a couple of minutes from Las Ramblas and secondly for the rooftop pool which was the most perfect refuge from the hot city. It turned a city break into a bit of a summer holiday when we were sunbathing with cocktails at our sides and in cities like Barcelona its great to have some outside space to relax in.To be honest, its modern corporate feel didn't really appeal, but it was clean and well appointed and the pool factor overrode the fact that it wasn't in the old area of the city or a bit more atmospheric.Staff were helpful and moved us to a higher room in order to avoid the traffic noise.A good find.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>stoner1
<Content>Excellent hotel and location Stayed 2 nights at the Jazz hotel after reading recommendations on website. Hotel clean, modern, rooms good and fantastic location. We stayed at the back of the hotel so it was nice and quiet at night. Great rooftop with views over city and pool for summer. Staff very good with excellent english. Overall would go again and recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>dannyb343
<Content>Great Hotel in an awesome city Booked hotel jazz after reading great reviews on trip advisor and overall I was nowhere near being disappointed. We arrived on the Friday afternoon and got the aerobus from the airport (3.90 euros, compared to the taxi's 20), hotel became quite hard to find as the map I'd got off of the internet wasn't too accurate, I'd advise a detailed map to get you there, as you may miss it's side street entrance.No hot water on first night which was very annoying but this turned out to be the only negative of the trip.Rooms are very clean, very stylish, have great facilities and for the price are unbeatable.The location is fantastic with a nearby metro station only 50m away and La Rambla a mear 150m. The Hotel provided a great centre point for a fantastic sightseeing holiday.The pool was empty as it was out of season, so be warned if your looking forward to a relaxing swim on the rooftops.I wouldn't recommend the breakfast as it is 14 euros and I'v never eaten a breakfast that was worth that much, especially when there are so many cafes and patisseries nearby as well as a starbucks only 100m away.OVERALL - hotel jazz was in a brilliant location with friendly and helpful staff, great facilties, extremely clean, and I would happily stay there again and reccommend it to anyone.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>P72
<Content>OK overall Comfortable - but if this is the third best of some 400 hotels in Barcelona, then that is a little worrying! Good location, close to most attractions, although it must be said the tourist heart of Barca has shifted in recent years to Born and towards the waterfront which is a good 15-20 mins walk away. Rooms are comfortable and reasonable condition, but they are small. Not much space to even walk around the bed! Pool area on the roof is pleasant, but when we went the pool was empty, and had been for some months! When I asked why this was not made clear on the website, the lady was totally disinterested. Only other bug-bear , was that the maid began clattering around on the wood floors in the hallway every morning before 8am which kind of defeated the purpose of seeking out a hotel in a quiet location!  
<Date>Mar 16, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	2	-1	

<Author>SeeTheWorldNow
<Content>GREAT place to stay! Stayed at the Jazz for 3 nights and had a wonderful time. The rooms are clean, the bed is comfortable and the staff is very friendly and helpful. The bathroom is clean and modern and although the 1/2 shower door will put water on the floor, a few towels easily remedy the problem. The location is nearly perfect if you want to be close to all the best that Barcelona has to offer. You're just minutes from Las Ramblas and can easily walk to some of Gaudi's architectural marvels. Skip breakfast at the Jazz and find a lovely cafe with a view of the people walking by... there are so many to choose. We highly recommend dinner at Taller De Tapas. Overall, a lovely stay and a lovely hotel. If you want luxury, stay someplace else. If you want clean, simple, modern and a great value... the Hotel Jazz is a sure bet.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Sunshine2907
<Content>a crackin' hotel A really good, clean modern hotel with helpfull staff.Our lcd television didnt work, but to be honest - if you're watching TV in barcelona there's something wrong with you! one note to remember though, it was 8 euro's for a barcardi and coke. - abit on the pricey side if you ask me.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kc~in~motion
<Content>Great location, staff--some improvements needed I can't totally concur with all the glowing glowing reviews of the Jazz. I thought that the rooms were looking more than a bit shopworn. This is my main complaint. The printed informational materials in the room were stained and dog eared; even the complimentary stationery could not have been used. The wallpaper is beginning to curl and the bedspread was snagged and possibly not as clean as one would hope. Chairs worn and needing replacement for a room at these prices. The first room I was given was more unpleasant than that--but a change of room was quickly and cordially accomplished. Rooms are quiet with the window shut. Lighting is good, with a lot of different lighting options. (Note that you have to insert your room key in a slot to the left when you open the door in order to get any of the lights to turn on.)Maybe I'm too old school to appreciate the total starkness of the modern decor, but I think it could use a contrasting color (light aqua?) to break up the almost gloomily pervasive dark brown.Given the difficulty of finding email access, though, the free internet was a great plus.BUT my main compliment is to the reception staff, like Jose and Alex, who are just super. Very professional, personable and real problem solvers. There seemed to be a lot of genuinely nice and helpful people working in Barcelona's tourism industry but these folks go beyond the average.I would recommend asking for a room on the Pelai side of the building. A little less noise and great people watching as the night wears on. This hotel is pretty much in the heart of the party, shop, eat and drink center of Barcelona and walking out the front door to all of that is a real convenience for those who want to be in the midst of it all. Within a block in any direction I didn't see many eating establishments that were instantly appealing, though a few blocks away up Rambla de Catalunya, there were several.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	5	3	5	-1	4	

<Author>TraceyT
<Content>Loved the Jazz My Sister and I had a fabulous stay at the Jazz at the end of January this year. The hotel had a perfect location, on a fairly quiet street but within a few minutes walk of the famous Las Ramblas. The hotel was right next to public transport links, and lots of great shopping opportunities. The rooms were well appointed and spotlessly clean, a little on the small side but considering the price of central Barcelona hotels it was an absolute bargain!I'd recommend a city tour to get an overview of the city, and a trip to Gaudi's Casa Battilia a must; the highlight for me though was wandering around the gothic quarter, it was a pleasure getting lost there, and we found an incredible, tourist free, pinchos bar just down the road from the picasso museum. It was buzzing by around 11pm on a friday night. If you're looking for a great hotel in a wonderful city look no further than the Jazz!  
<Date>Mar 10, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pringlehicks
<Content>Pretty Perfect       Les Ramblas - View from Hotel Jazz  
<Date>Mar 8, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Icehorsestud
<Content>Very good mid-range central hotel The Jazz is very convenient for all the attractions and handy for the Tourist buses that go from Plaza catalonia, 300 meters away.The rooms are very clean and well appointed, with free internet for sad people. Breakfast is not worth the money and the coffee is awful. Room service however makes good coffee and free biscuits. Tip - take the blue and red tourist buses for 23 euros for two days. You will save at least 23 euros in discounts to the attractions.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	3	4	4	

<Author>arekuna
<Content>Great location, stylish rooms, nice hotel! I have been to the Jazz several times for business, but also for leisure I would totally recommend this Hotel. Located at the very center of Barcelona (few steps from Plaza Catalunya) and anyhow off the noisy and touristy Ramblas. It is perfect for every stay and would have earned more than 3 Stars!The rooms are modern, stylish and very nice, at breakfast you have a good choise, the personnel is very friendly and you can explore Barcelona on foot.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dee4626
<Content>Modern, clean and helpful! Would fully recommend this hotel. I would like to thank those who wrote reviews on this as I booked this based on reviews I had read. The location was excellent, just off Las Ramblas down a side street. It is 5 mins walk from where you get the Bus Touristic and from El Court Englais where you can spend hours upon hours gazing at the beautiful merchandise and prices! The staff were most helpful at this hotel, providing us with a free map and booklet upon arrival and also directing us to places we wanted to visit. We stayed on floor 4, the room was clean, comfortable and well designed for our needs. Even in the bathroom the wee complimentaries you get were fab - razor, tissues, toothbrush, toothpaste, sponge etc. The only thing and this is only a small minor thing, we could hear the lift going up and down as it was only across the corridor but this was only minor. Breakfast was good - the fruit was gorgeous with a good choice of fresh fruit juice. The hot breakfast was not that good, best avoided. Barcelona itself is a delightful city with lots of shopping and sightseeing. The port itself was disappointing, highly commercialised with people pestering us to eat in their restaurants. The Gothic Quarter is a must, wee streets with unusual arty shops and of course, a cathedral  
<Date>Feb 20, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TravelBoo2
<Content>Perfect Hotel. Perfect Location Spent 5 fabulous nights here in September 2006, which was very hot! Pool is a big plus, small, but perfect for hot afternoons when you've had enough sightseeing. Always a supply of towels and kept very clean and tidy. Rooms and bathrooms were very modern, lcd tv, great shower!The best thing about this hotel is the location. Metro station is just steps away and from here you can reach all of the sights with ease. Airport bus stop is about 5 min walk away. Las Ramblas is just at the end of the street and a vast array of restaurants and shopping is very close by. Would recommend Quinz Nits just of Las Ramblas, queue forms quickly, so get there early. Great food and a really great price.Looking for a great hotel in a great location, look no further!!!  
<Date>Feb 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Dearbhail
<Content>Perfect location Stayed here 16 and 17 February. Lovely staff. Lovely rooms. Lovely shower. Not at all noisy considering that so many reviews of hotels in Barcelona complain of this. Also very safe area.It is a 2 minute walk to Placa de Catlunya - where the metro will bring you to any tourist site you'll want to see!! It is in the middle between Las Ramblas and Passeig de Gracia - 2 of the main streets.If you're getting in from Girona airport on the bus it is just a quick cab ride away - or if you're getting in during running hours a few stops on the Metro.Would definitely recommend this place.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PinkyT
<Content>Perfect location for wandering. Just returned from a trip to Spain and Italy and stayed at Hotel Jazz from December 27-30, 2006. I chose this hotel based on tripadvisor reviews and have to agree with the masses. This is a great hotel. Our priority as a couple in our late-twenties with no children was location. This is the perfect location: within sight of Las Ramblas but removed enough to be quiet. So much to do, see...very safe and comfortable.A couple of weird things...there is only a half shower door, so that's kind of difficult to manuever. Also, and apparently this is a European hotel thing I don't remember from my previous trips, but there are NO CLOCKS in the rooms! So, if your cell phone isn't going to work (as ours didn't) make sure you have a watch.The only real downfall is that it is not soundproofed from within the hotel. We could hear people in the hall talk as if there was no door between us.We recommend!  
<Date>Jan 6, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	4	5	

<Author>ZfamilyWestYorkshire
<Content>Fantastic Hotel Stayed at this hotel on a personal recommendation. Found it to be in a good location, very modern and clean and well worth a visit. Would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>parkfun
<Content>Loved the Jazz Can't beat the Hotel Jazz for location! Just a few minutes walk to almost anywhere you want to be. The rooms are very clean and comfortable - shockingly quiet given activity on the streets below. Like others mentioned, I would have liked a shower curtain to keep the water contained but not that big of an issue. Only issue we had was temp of the room: It was pretty warm and we couldn't get the air to kick in... meant we had to open the balcony door and hear all of the noise below...Small consequence for great place!  
<Date>Jan 5, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>overdoit
<Content>So great! After much research we chose Hotel Jazz. The location provides easy cab drop off and pick up and is within wallking of all the must see sights. The rooms are modern and quiet, the beds are very comfortable ( I am VERY picky about beds), shower a little wet with no curtain. The staff service was exceptional, all speak English. Jose is a gem. Skip eating and/or drinking there, you have so many other options right out the entrance. Highly reccommended, you will not be disappointed-we travel a lot and this hotel was so great! Try Cencsentits for amazing dinner and say hello to Rose and Amelia, wonderful people. Also paella at the Seven Ports restaurant, yum.  
<Date>Dec 22, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lovesusa
<Content>Best beds in the world! After a long day trekking around Barcelona it was a joy to get back to the Hotel Jazz and fall into bed. Not only are the beds the best ever but the pillows fall into the same category! Modern hotel in a good spot at the top of Las Ramblas-ideal to look around the shops at night, explore the gothic quarter and then find somewhere to eat amongst the many restaurants available. The 1898, same group, on Las Ramblas is also good.The Pittari down near the Colombus statue and Quo Vadis near the back of the theatre off Las Ramblas were two really good ones. Don't get there much before 10pm though.Nono close to the blue Gaudi extravaganza is great for a long Sunday lunch, the staff are knowledgeable and interested in their food.Tapa tapa just across the road was the best tapas we have had, and we have lived in Spain for almost 3 years! Just don't plan to eat later as you will be too full.Both Gaudi apartments are worth doing the tour of, just stunning. Make another trip there at night to really appreciate the architecture and detail.If you like those then make sure that you don't miss the music palace behind the old cathedral in the gothic quarter. A visual feast! At the moment the Xmas Markets are in the old cathedral square, not anywhere near as good as the ones in Manchester or the German ones, seems to be mostly figures for nativity scenes.  
<Date>Dec 21, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Kevin-Teresa
<Content>Did the job Recently stayed for four nights at the Hotel Jazz after reading Trip Advisor reviews. It is very centrally located and only a five min walk to the airport bus.Had little or no contact with the staff but what litle we had.... was fine.Checked in and out with ease. Rooms were clean and modern.We stayed on the 6th floor but could still hear on occasions the Metro.Was not a problem but wondered if it would be if we stayed on a lower floor.Anyway that is only nit picking.....would have no hesitation in recommending the Jazz to any fellow travellers.Coming from Ireland where the build up to Christmas was in full swing I was struck by the lack of even a modest tastefull tree in the lobby but hey we do tend to over do it in our neck of the woods:-)  
<Date>Dec 20, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>TrixieLT
<Content>What a Steal at the Jazz! Hotel Jazz is an amazing deal in the heart of Barcelona! Not only is it an extremely affordable hotel, but its been completely renovated and all of its ammenities are very modern and clean - and its a stones throw from Las Ramblas! I highly recommend this hotel to anyone who wants good quality for their money. It was also great to watch something other than BBC or CNN (we are from Canada), as the hotel offered the National Geographic channel in English, which was a great way to unwhind at the end of a long and fun filled day in Barcelona.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>CatIrv
<Content>Fantastic Hotel Jazz First time in Barcelona for 3 nights away with my sister for sightseeing, shopping and eating/drinking!! The Hotel Jazz is a perfect place to stay - in fact I couldnt fault it in any way!! I have staying in many 5 star hotels, including the Bellagio in Las Vegas just a couple of months ago, and the Hotel Jazz was of equal standards and comfort. The staff are efficient but also friendly and speak good English.Upon arrival we took the blue Aerobus from outside the airport terminal and got off at the Placa de Cataluyna (cost 3.75 euros each) - the hotel is a quick 5 minute walk away down the Pelei but the entrance is just off the main street (we walked past it without realising at first). Although we arrived at 1030, we were able to get into our room immediately. Our room was on the 5th floor and only felt slight rumble from the underground which wasnt a problem. The windows must be triple glazed because we didnt hear any traffic noise when they were closed. Just a couple of tips in relation to eating out ; the hotel charges 14 euro each for breakfast if not included in your package - we visited a local bakery a couple of blocks away for our breakfast which cost 7 euros for both of us and a small supermarket which is in the straight that runs next to the Cafe D'Or. Previously people on tripadvisor recommended Cafe D'Or for breakfast and dinner - we ate tapas there and it was cold and quite horrible so really disppointed, but the staff were friendly enough. The main restaurant you must visit is Les Quinze Nits in Reial Square ( about half way down Las Ramblas on the left hand side) for quality and very reasonably priced food - it opens for dinner at 2030 and when we arrived at 2020 there was a huge queue of about 100 people!! - we didnt think we would get in but did - we sat outside which was a bit nippy but kept our jackets on. Although I had kept hold of my bag with the tightest of grips for the entire trip I lost my concentration momentarily and hung my bag on the back of my chair. I was promptly spoken to by the security chap at the restaurant to hide my bag away which I did. We also ate at the Hard Rock Cafe for a non-Spanish meal and it had a great atmosphere and good food. For great views of the city, take the smallest lift in the world !!! up the Columbus tower which is located at the bottom of Las Ramblas - however, warning its not for those who are claustrophic or dislike heights. For tours round the city we took the orange Barcelona Tours bus - they arent marketed as much as the other bus company but they are better as you get headphones for the tour which you can select for your language - instead of hearing the same thing being said 5 times over in different languages!! - it took us to all the main sights and we could get off and on as much as we wished. We were really aware of our bags so thankfully didnt get anything stolen, but there is quite a strong presence of police in the Las Ramblas area. We loved Barcelona and will definately be returning! One thing you must take with you is a phrase book and try the language (Catalan or Spanish) as some places do not speak English.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>CumbrianAbroad
<Content>Barcelona central The Hotel Jazz was great, very clean with helpful staff. It is in a wonderful position some 300 metres from the Place De Catalunya at the top of Las Ramblas. Also perfect for catching the Airbus from the airport which drops off at Place de Catalunya.Bedrooms were big enough not to feel cramped with plenty of storage space and well equipped bathrooms. Breakfast is pricey if not included in deal but worth it if you can get it included as there was lots of it and a good variety of food available. The rooms are double glazed and most traffic noise does not reach the occupants but it was noisy on Friday and Saturday night when bars below were in full swing. The metro underneath the hotel can be felt as a rumble at times but it in no way disturbed us. Tea and coffee in the bedrooms would also have been desirable but you can't have everything at these prices. I would recommend the hotel but be aware that the area is busy and noisy at the weekend. We stayed on the second floor near the street so it may have been quieter on higher floors.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>dd01a
<Content>The best 3 Star Hotel I've ever stayed               More photos  
<Date>Nov 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>moretoc
<Content>All That Jazz first time trip to barcelona we pondered over many hotels took the advise of your site.the hotel has a great location close to transport links and the ramblas .the room was clean and quiet with a huge bed .staff were friendly and helpful i would cetainly not hesitate to book this hotel for my next trip to this wonderful citywe cant thank your site enough for its acurate reviews  
<Date>Nov 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Citybreakers2
<Content>Exactly what you would expect Booked the Jazz after reading tripadviser reviews and being recommended by a friend. So, the advantages; rooms exactly as they appear on the photos, comfortable, modern and stylish. As stated, they are well soundproofed and quiet. Excellent location - all major attractions are within walking distance, provided your feet are up to it! Didn't have any dealings with Concierge apart from checking in and out, but they appeared friendly and efficient. Disadvantages: Nothing major, I would agree with other tripadvisers that breakfast is on the expensive side and you would probably be better going out. Had to get up during the nights we stayed to open the window, as the room felt stuffy. Considering the standard of the hotel, bathrobes would have been nice.  Recommendations: Take some good walking shoes! Allow plenty of time to explore the Barri Gotic area and the Cathedral. If you want to rest your feet, stop for a drink at a great chilled out little Wine Bar called Optimus (C/Del Call No 19), great wine  beer, great prices and tapas thrown in. If you only do one thing though, visit the Sagrada Familia (Gaudi's unfinished Church). This is a MUST and worth every euro of the entrance fee.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	4	5	

<Author>Skezix
<Content>Loved the Jazz Hotel Jazz is an excellent hotel. Great location for business or leisure. Extremely clean , very modern. Soundproofing is great since it is right in the heart of downtown. Pool area is great for relaxing after a busy day. Only drawback is the lack of a restaurant. Breakfast is served or there are Starbucks and many restaurants in the area. This hotel is well worth the money.150 euro per night.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Hulu
<Content>Perfect location! Clean room with wooden floors, very nice bathroom, expensive breakfast served in room! Only wish the rest of Europe would learn from Scandinavia and get rid of the arrangment with sheets and blankets and use a comforter instead! Who used the blanket last? Some disturbing noice from the subway. Location is perfect, walking distance to everything!!! If ever in Barcelona again, we will return to Jazz!  
<Date>Nov 13, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>Katie&Sunny
<Content>Very Stylish Thanks to the good reviews here we booked the Jazz and were not disappointed. The hotel is very clean and comfortable and had a lovely spread for breakfast. Just one caveat was that in our room on the third floor we could hear the trains underneath! However it did not spoil our enjoyment. It also has a nice pool on the roof which we would have used in the summer.Barcelona is well worth a visit and I would recommend using the airport bus to the central square five minutes from the hotel.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	3	4	4	

<Author>dam&gwb
<Content>Top Notch        Hotel Jazz, Room 717, Bathroom  
<Date>Oct 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>HenryV111
<Content>Small but perfectly formed What a great hotel. Stayed for 2 nights on 20th and 21st October 2006.I have been in 4 and 5 star hotels around the world ,this compares with the best. Not a big lobby but when you are in a fantastic city like Barcelona you who needs it. Rooms are chic but also practical. Staff in the 1st floor bar are friendly and give us ideas for clubs, bars, site seeing etc. Roof top pool is small but relaxing with plenty of towels. Very good sound proofing throughout the hotel. Tip: set the AC no lower than 20 when you go to bed, I woke up in an 'ice box' on my first morning!!Henry ReidBelfast  
<Date>Oct 25, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>mjhend
<Content>Great Stay at the Jazz Recently stayed at the Jazz Hotel and found the reviews on this site once again to be accurate. Perfect location to enjoy many aspects of Barcelona. Clean modern property with comfortable rooms and bathrooms. The staff is a bit cool but quite effecient. The metro does in fact rumble below but not an issue on the 7th Floor.Great spot from which to explore fascinating Barcelona.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Brandy_Williams
<Content>Fantastic hotel! My husband and I stayed at the Hotel Jazz Monday 10/16 through Wednesday 10/18/2006. The location was great, just a few blocks from Las Ramblas and Placa Catalunya, with two Metro stops close by. The staff was very friendly--at checkout one of the clerks printed out driving directions to Montserrat for us. The rooms are spotless, and include room safe, minibar, and free internet access. We had a suite, which also gives you a balcony overlooking the street. The modernist decor is colorful and comfortable. A spectacular experience, highly recommended.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Karen75
<Content>Loved it We stayed at the Jazz hotel for 3 nights at the start of October. The staff were very friendly and all spoke excellent English. We were staying with our 1 year old and they couldn't have been more helpful. We had a lovely big room, beautifully decorated. The pool was a really lovely place to relax by at the end of the day. The hotel is also excellently positioned just by the top of La Rambla. We had a fantastic time and I would recommend it to anyone.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>NK135
<Content>Loved the Jazz Hotel! We booked the Jazz hotel by chance and I am soooo glad that we did!! The hotel is very new and modern and the rates were surprisingly reasonable. Rooms were large with wooden floors and flat screen tv and the bathroom was very cool with a black and white theme. Best of all though was the swimming pool on the roof, it was perfect for cooling down after a day of sightseeing! The location was great too, right next to the Ramblas. If I go back to Barcelona (and I'm sure I will) then I will definitely be staying at the Jazz Hotel again.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ksummerlee
<Content>Great stay at the Jazz in lovely Barcelona The Jazz Hotel was the perfect place for our final stop in a 12 day trip to Spain with a girlfriend. The rooms are modern, cool, and spacious compared to other rooms we stayed in on the trip. The location is perfect, between the Ramblas and Eixample one block off Placa Catalunya so it's easy to explore a few parts of the city on foot. We enjoyed being able to drop our many shopping bags off in the room and continue on. The rooftop pool was a welcome site for us when we arrived after a long day of travelling from Granada. The weather was warmer than we thought it would be in early October, so we were able to relax for a bit poolside and map out our plans for the next 3 days.We didn't eat breakfast at the hotel because we wanted to enjoy the outdoor cafes of the Ramblas and Bari Gotic as much as we could.The staff was nice but could have been a little more friendlier. We found this to be the case overall more in Barcelona than other Spanish cities. I'm thinking because it's more urban. We dined at the Attic on the Ramblas and encountered pretty terrible service as well, so I wouldn't recommend it. Other advice: 1)If you're flying into Barcelona, go the the information/tourist desk in the airport. They'll give you a map of the city, circle the hotel on it, and show you how to take the Aerobus downtown. The hotel is really close to the 3rd stop on the route. Round-trip is 6 euro instead of 20-30 euro for a taxi.2)Barcelona is easy to get turned around in, especially in the Bari Gotic. The lack of street signs across Spain became frustrating after getting confused several times. (Street names are listed on the sides of buildings for the most part in Spain.) I would ask the hotel for specific directions if you're looking for a particular restaurant etc. We did take the metro to the Sagrada Familia, and it was pretty easy to maneuver. 3)If you are from a non EU-country, be sure to do the Tax-Free shopping option all across Spain. Most stores have the forms so just ask for them. If you spend over 90 euro in one store, you are eligible to get cash back for those purchases. You just fill out the forms, get them stamped at Customs in Terminal A of the airport, and mail them in for free to get a few dollars back in cash or on your credit card.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	3	3	5	

<Author>Snedders
<Content>Great Location Hotel Jazz is in a great, busy location but is set back and as such we did not have any undue noise. Some rumbling from the underground. Excellent for exploring all areas on foot or to catch the city tour bus. Roof top pool area is small but really nice and the free internet access in the bar was great.Ramblas is not so great and we felt a bit tacky. Areas up toward the Gaudi Cathedral is much nicer.Arola restaurant at Hotel Arts is excellent (although quite pricey) but is nice for a special occasion and the service is great.If you are going on a Saturday night, and are staying up in the Hotel Jazz area then do not expect to get a taxi in a hurry - it took us 45 minutes to get a taxi and that was with the hotel trying to phone one and hail one - this is the norm for a Saturday night in Barcelona apparantly.Would stay there again.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	3	5	

<Author>MandKUK
<Content>Jazz Hotel, Barcelona - Excellent My wife and I have just returned (8/10/06) from a weekend break in Barcelona. We stayed at the Jazz Hotel and can fully recommend it to all. The staff are great, the rooms are fantastic, the breakfast is brilliant and it is in a superb central location. Excellent value for money.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>JKane
<Content>Great Reccomendation Stayed at this hotel on the strength of reviews of Trip Advisor. The location was excellent, the staff friendly and the rooms were modern and very clean. The one slight, and I mean slight, downside was that the sound proofing was not great. Our room was just beside the lift and we knew when other guests were coming and going. The pool was a great facility and breakfast was substantial.Would definitely stay there again  
<Date>Oct 6, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dante08
<Content>Great location While there is no restaurant, the location is unbeatable. The hotel is modern and clean. The staff could be a little more helpful, but there were no problems.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	3	5	

<Author>JustNorthOfToronto
<Content>Just like they said... The Jazz was just as I had expected it to be. The hotel was nice to look at, there was a rumble from the underground, the rooms were clean and looked as they did in pictures, and it truly is very close to La Ramblas. All in all, for a three-star hotel it was great -- certainly great value for the money.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	5	3	5	3	4	

<Author>Moriarty
<Content>Highly recommended Stayed here for one night pre cruise - as suggested on this site asked for a room on a high floor - request met by hotel - could just hear distant rumble of metro but no problem. Room and service excellent - had breakfast at the hotel which was reasonable value for the wide choice available but if you only want a juice, coffee and a croissant go out. Staff at the desk very pleasant and helpful and e mail facility useful. Highly recommended!  
<Date>Sep 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	5	

<Author>billdobson
<Content>Everything they say is right I booked this hotel on the basis of Trip Advisor reviews. Everything lived up to very high expectations. We had a problem with the shower which was fixed very quickly. No other complaint on any aspect.Cafe D'Or opposite was first stop and also lived up to expectations. Recommend bus trips to assess the city and what's on offer. Fellow guest was robbed by very pushy flower girl. She was as efficient as a street magician - literally right before his eyes. Local advice is push and kick them away.If you like seafood you are spoiled for choice of highest quality. Don't like seafood ? you won't enjoy a culinary experience.On the central reservation down Las Rambla they sell beer in a giant brandy glass. The cost is a stupid 拢6.50 glass so share. Absolutely brilliant hotel and weather but there is no doubt that in general the Catalonians do not like tourists of any nationality, Graffiti near park good tourist = dead tourist. Obviously written by one of the very many surly locals.Despite that, if you haven't been, go. And stay at the Jazz.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Earthy_Li
<Content>Great Location, highly recommend! We stay here for 3 nights and find the hotel real good. It's located right next to Universtat metro station and just around 5 mins walk to get to Plaza Catalunya. The hotel room is large and modern. Everything in good condition included air-conditioning.Would recommend if you want to find a good hotel which is convenient.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	3	4	

<Author>phoenix_fqtv
<Content>Very Nice Barcelona Hotel This is a nice boutique type hotel with an excellent Barcelona location. Room and bath were good sized with very nice amenities. Prior to arriving, I emailed the hotel with a special request and they honored it. The only negative was that the card in the room for ordering room service breakfast was confusing and did not list the cost.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>pc-utd
<Content>The Best!!!! What can I say, but all the previous reviews are correct. We stayed at the Jazz for 5 nights in Sept. and enjoyed every minute. Check in was very swift. Lovely room on the 7th floor. The room is perfect size with all you need, tv, mini bar, safe, radio (turn on when you have a shower!!). Really enjoyed the hotel bar for a night cap every night. The two guys working in the bar are very friendly and great to have a chat and laugh with. (the free internet is in the bar).Not going to repeat all the previous wonderful reviews. Just a little tip, its looks as if the front dest has no information leaflets or maps etc. But if you ask, they open a very large wardrobe style unit full of all types of information on things to do in the city, tours etc. Also, couldn't work out to to set the tv for our wake up call on our last day as we had en early flight, just ask at the front desk and they will give you a call.Did not want to leave!!!!! Want to go back very soon.PS. If you have time a day at Montserrat is well worth it.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lyndzr
<Content>Great Location Stayed in the Hotel Jazz for four nights. The hotel itself was very clean (cleaned every day and changed the towels aswell every day), loads of freebies, so if you forget anything they should have it and roof top pool was great after a hard days shopping and sight-seeing. Staff were really friendly. Its location is perfect for the first time visitors to Barcelona. Its right up the street from the main shopping areas and has a sight-seeing bus stop right around the corner. My only complaint would be that the breakfast was very expensive. Its not included in the room price so I'd advise you eat somewhere cheaper! One more thing, if your dining out in Barcelona go to a thai restaurant called Thai Sabai Sabai its FANTASTIC!  
<Date>Sep 13, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>luluc
<Content>Highly Recommended! Booked a triple sharing room from Aug26-31 and the room was very spacious and comfortable.The third bed was not the regular roll out bed but a regular sized bed. Airconditioning was superb and location was just steps away from the subway and walkable to Las Ramblas. Room was very quiet and cozy. Very modern fixtures - bathroom had both tub and shower. Free access to the internet. Would definitely recommend this hotel to family and friends!! Would be helpful if there were porters though. Some of the staff were not too helpful.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	3	3	5	

<Author>Katscan
<Content>Can't wait to go back to Hotel Jazz My group of 16 stayed at Hotel Jazz for one night before going on a cruise. The hotel was great! The rooms were exactly what was advertised on the website. They were modern, nicely furnished, clean and comfortable.The staff were helpful and even gladly stored and retrieved our baggage (i.e. for 16 people about to board a cruise!!!) without a fuss!The Hotel is also in a great location!I would recommend this hotel to other travellers.Hint: Don't miss the Barcelona by night tour. It was excellent and the starting point is a few minutes walk from Hotel Jazz  
<Date>Sep 7, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	5	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>pwt
<Content>Good value for money in a great location Stayed at the Jazz Hotel for four nights in August 2006 following the reviews here on Trip Advisor.Efficient check in following a fairly late evening arrival, to a very comfortable and trendy looking room. However, one minor downside was that even though we were on the 6th floor, the whole building seemed to vibrate as the underground trains went through beneath us! They did stop by 1:00 in the morning and started again at about 6:00. So while there were a lot of positives to the Jazz Hotel, it is worth noting the one negative we found.Otherwise, it's a great hotel in a great location. All the staff we encountered gave excellent service and the breakfast was worth it for the quality and convenience. The free internet acces was a bonus.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>Lozaldo
<Content>Superb hotel! We stayed in this hotel for 3 nights and it gave us everything we needed. Rooms were comfortable, modern and clean. The location was good, close to shops and restaurants. The staff were excellent, extremely helpful whenever needed and always greeted us on entrance. We took advise from other reviews and requested a room above the 4th floor to lessen any street noise. This I guess worked because we were not bothered by anything, also I believe the streets were less busy during the time of year we visited.All in all, couldn't have asked for more!  
<Date>Sep 1, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Adam101
<Content>A++++++++ I don't have to say anything more than superb! If you are staying in Barcelona book the Jazz Hotel as it is brilliant. Barcelona is the most exciting, romantic and fresh city I have had the pleasure of visiting which was amplified by our stay at this hotel.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>cruisin-the-world
<Content>Great Hotel and Great Pool!!       the great doors-you can't get lost!  
<Date>Aug 24, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>dana105
<Content>Jazz- Perfect hotel for a great price I have never before written a review but I feel compelled to comment on the great service we received at Jazz hotel. My husband and I stayed at Hotel Jazz for only one night before our cruise. We arrived at 9am after a very long flight from Vegas and were told that we could immediately check in even though we had not made any prior arrangements to do so (what a relief for our jet lagged, weary bodies). The room was IMMACULATE and very spacious. It was also in a superb location, in the center of town with in walking distance (or a shirt metro ride) from everything we wanted to see. Definitely don't miss the Sagrada Familia, the Gothic Quarter and the Park Guell!!! The price was also very reasonable for the impeccable service and quality Hotel Jazz delivered. Everyone at the front desk was courteous and helpful. The breakfast buffet was a bit overpriced , but the food was great. I will definitely book this hotel on our next trip.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Mediahound100
<Content>Two Days at The Jazz Hotel I returned to Barcelona after a 20-year absence, bringing my wife, her two college-age children and my two teen-age children. We booked three rooms at the Jazz Hotel, two through bookings[] and another through expedia[], because the bookings occurred at different times. I booked us this hotel for three reasons: Convenient location, stylish and thoughtful presentation and expectations of good service at a new hotel (it only four years old). We were not disappointed -- at $160 ($125 euros) per night per room, we could have gone to a less expensive hotel. But we were pleased with the service, the cleanliness and the rooms themselves. The pool on the roof is small but the view, while not spectacular, is still worth heading up for. My wife was especially impressed by the quietest AC system we'd ever had in a hotel room anywhere.Jazz Hotel is a block from Plaza Catalunya and the Ramblas, and there is a very good Tapas restaurant (D'Or Restaurant) across the street, which we went to, on a recommendation from a Tripadvisor post, on the first night. The beer on tap there is great, and I suggest you ask Felipe, the waiter in the back of the place, to serve you a tapas sampler. Really great.Americans and Anglos generally will like Hotel Jazz for its capable service -- all desk people spoke English well -- and the easy access to everything.After reading this site I was concerned prior to our visit that the tremble of the subway would keep us up after our long trip to Barcelona. We definitely felt the rumble a couple of times -- we were all on the fourth floor -- but it didn't wake me up from sound sleeps, and generally did not detract from the experience. I think those posting complaints about the subway rumble must have been on the lowest floor (3rd) or were hypersensistive.I highly recommend this hotel for a two or three-day stay in Barcelona, especially if you plan to eat out, as we did. The hotel bar is rather limited, and the breakfasts at 14 euros apiece we didn't spring for. Still well worth going for.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>gordini
<Content>Great central hotel The room was brilliant, and very large. It had a very nice bathroom with a large bath and separate shower. There's an open air pool on the roof which was great. The location is excellent, being close to the metro, Ramblas and tourist buses. The bar is quiet and has free internet access. The only downside to this otherwise excellent hotel is the food, which was basic and poorly prepared by the bar staff.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Grumpathome
<Content>The Jazz is a Gem! We stayed at the Jazz for 2 nights before our July 1st cruise. We were a family of 10, needing 3 double rooms and one quad. Conveniently, since we were all meeting from different parts of the US, the staff put all of us on the 7th floor, which was both quiet and comforable. The rooms were great, large by European standards, very clean, lots of toiletries if you forgot anything and great bedding (we asked for a King when we booked and although it was 2 singles pushed together, it was a big improvement over many European doubles we have had before) . My one complaint would be that with the design of the 1/4 glass door on the showers, it is impossible not to get the floor wet when you take a shower. The breakfast buffet was great, but a little expensive at 14 Euros. The staff at the front desk were all very helpful and all spoke English (this was not true at the hotel my in-laws stayed at down the street - where language was a definite problem). They helped us with touring suggestions, maps, taxis, restaurant suggestions and reservations. The one suggestion that we were disappointed in was for a restaurant on the waterfront, (it think it was Posit or something like that). It was the most expensive meal of the entire trip and probably the worst food, although the location was nice. To give the desk clerk his due, he did say that he had never eaten there so he was going by the fact that we asked for seafood and a waterfront location. All of their other suggestions were very good. For lunch one day they suggested 3 Frogs (I think) and the inexpensive 3 course lunch was great!The hotel's location is excellant for touring - there is a bus stop right around the corner for the red and blue buses, which are a great way to see the ciy and stop at all the sites. It is an easy walk to Placa de Catalunya and Las Ramblas. And at the end of a hot day of touring, a dip in the small (but clean) rooftop pool was a nice treat. ( the lounge chairs could use a little work) .Overall, when 10 family members all agree that the hotel choice was excellant, I'm a happy person, (I picked the Jazz) and we would stay there again!  
<Date>Aug 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Anfield19
<Content>Great place to stay Just got back from a break in Barcelona . Stayed at the Hotel Jazz which was great . It has a brilliant location close to the Place de la Catalunya . The hotel facilities are really good for a 3 star hotel . The roof top pool area was perfect to come back to after a hard day's sightseeing .Also a really good breakfast selection.We made use of the bus turistic and would recommend them to anybody wishing to get a flavour for Barcelona .They visit all the top sites and you can hop off and on as often as you like .Would especiialy recommend the Pablo Espanyol site ( living exhibition of different spanish villages / crafts / resteraunts ) .Also enjoyed the Nou Camp .Slightly concerned before we went about safety but never had any issues over there at all - just need to be sensible and don't advertise the fact that you are a tourist ( carrying bags etc ). Even strolling for a meal at night - would recommend the Ramblas Catalunya - much quieter than the famous Ramblas and plenty of great Tapas bars .Overall a fantastic city and we will definitely be going back .  
<Date>Aug 19, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bigdawny
<Content>Perfect treat for anniversary This hotel was booked as a surprise 7 night stay for my parents 50th Wedding Anniversary. They both absolutely loved it. I couldn't get them to find one single fault. (Never heard of from a grumpy scotsman !!!) The room on the 7th floor was perfect, air -con a godsend in the 36 degree heat. Breakfast, abundance of choice. Decor lovely, bed/bathroom lovely, pool lovely...and a perfect location.....All in all a great success.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>YoofmanSteve
<Content>Fantastic Jazz ... the first and ONLY choice       Jazz Room  
<Date>Aug 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Chrisbee
<Content>Great Place! My wife and I, along with our two kids (8 and 1.5) stayed at the Jazz for three nights the other week. We can't say enough good things about the hotel. The room was clean and bright, and very comfortable. It was what they called a Junior Suite and had a king size bed and a big pullout couch. Great corner with a fantastic view. (High floor best since it's a bit of a noisy street). Nice secure lobby with guard on duty day and night. We all loved the rooftop pool where we took a dip each day before exploring the city. Perfect proximity to everything we wanted to see (Gaudi, Rambles, shopping). We'd definitely stay there again and highly recommend it.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>shaz40
<Content>Great Hotel Just stayed for 3 nights in this gem of a hotel,check in quick ,rooms clean and bright,staff very pleasant.good breakfast in morning,they will even do fried eggs if you ask.Position of hotel exellent for getting around,found some great restaraunts around port vell area.Will definatly return to this hotel  
<Date>Aug 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kellianne17
<Content>Perfection! Wish we stayed longer.       Our gorgeous room!  
<Date>Aug 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>fset
<Content>Noisy but Gem of a Hotel with rumblings of the Metro below We booked this hotel for the location and modern amentities, and the great reviews of other [-------------------]traveler prior to July 17. Everything met our expectations except for the noise level. We were on the the third floor and hear and felt the room shake whenever a Metro train pulled into the station in the underground below. Coming from California, I sense when there's an earthquake and this is what it felt like. After the first night, we asked if it might make a difference if we moved to an upper floor, and the front desk said they would try but the hotel was fully booked. Not sure it would have made a difference. The front staff assured us the Metro ran until 12 midnight, but I was kept up until 1:30 am, and woken up at 5 am again when trains started running again. Needless to say, I slept very badly on the both nights despite a full day of exploring the City.Don't know why the structure of the building did not insulated itself against the underground -- I have lived in NYC with many subways below my office or apt. The hotel itself is luxurious and rooms comfy for the 150 euros we paid, but not worth the annoyance of hearing the trains. Not sure why none of the other reviews we saw on traveladvisor.com did not mention the Metro noise. Was everyone else on a higher floor than us on the 3rd?Other travel tips:Sagrada Familia: take the elevator with the shorter line, to the right of the entrance (easy to miss this one bec you get swept into the church with the rest of the crowds to the opposite elevator). Go between 6 and 7pm when the crowds have thinned.Palau de Musica Catalan: indoor architectural tour of the stunning concert hall. Great cafe with pintxos, brushetta-like snacks with all sorts of toppings.Eating:Cafe L'Opera, La Rambla: where Picasso had his coffee :-) Churros con xocolata is the highlight.Cal Pep, Placa de las Olles: tapas bar where the line starts before doors open at 8pm, no menu, waiter orders for you but you may tell him to stop serving or your bill will surprise you.Origen, Passiage de Born: real Catalan homestyle cooking, magazine like menu with 5 pages of desserts before all other menu items! Extremely reasonable - 35 euros for two.**Overall, stay in the Gothic neighborhood to eat, restaurants are less touristic than La Rambla. Catalans are friendly people, we did not encounter any rude locals at all.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2006
<Rating>3	2	1	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>maryber
<Content>Hot Jazz I've just returned from a 2 day break in Barcelona with my husband. We stayed one night in the JAZZ hotel and absolutely loved it. The decor is very tasteful. Our room was spotless, comfortable and had many little touches that enhanced our stay. The staff were mannerly and efficient. The price was incredibly reasonable. The rooftop pool and the effective air-conditioning made 41 degrees more bearable!The location of the hotel is perfect, very central for sight-seeing, eating and shopping. I would certainly recommend the Jazz hotel. My one piece of advice would be to ask for as high a floor as possible as you are in the middle of the city and very close to the underground train system.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>itsyourboi
<Content>Very Disappointed I was very disappointed by the service of the hotel staff, and the accomodations. Upon arrival we were not greeted by a staff welcoming us, but rather rebuffed for having 2 bags per person for a party of 4. The hotel was not ready to put us in our room, and offered no suggestions for tourists. This hotel was best suited for locals, not international travelers. Finally, I left a laptop computer when I check out. The hotel confirmed they had found it, and would ship to me at my cost. After a delay of a few days, I contacted them again, and they stated that they thought they had my laptop, but it was something else. The hotel is conveniently located to some interesting activities and attractions around Plaze de Cantalun...there are also other/ better hotel options than this one in the area. I would not recommend staying at this hotel.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	3	3	1	1	2	

<Author>Jane131262
<Content>Fantastic Hotel 3* with 5* attitude       Roof top pool  
<Date>Jul 25, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nicoleiw
<Content>Hotel Jazz hit a sour note I was very disappointed in the service we received from some of the front desk people. I accidentally left a scarf and leather jacket at the hotel. I requested they send it to me, at my expense and after I confirmed w/ the staff that they had it. It was never returned. This hotel also doesn't have an onsite restaurant that offers lunch or dinner. There were thankfully places around to eat, but it would have been convenient to have onsite options. Lastly, when we arrived, the woman at the front desk complained to us that we had too much luggage. Well, there were four of us and everyone had a bag. Not a great way to welcome patrons.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	4	4	2	2	-1	

<Author>deeva72
<Content>Met All Our Expectations       Jazz Hotel Entrance  
<Date>Jul 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Cool hotel Our first family holiday with two teenagers so we were a little nervous but everything was perfect. The hotel hit just the right note - cool but not pretentious, friendly but never overbearing service, comfortable but not fussy. The location is excellent, the rooftop pool is a great place to chill out. There are several sandwich shops nearby for breakfast (ours wasn't included in our package) or take a travel kettle as there are no facilities for making tea or coffee (the only minus).  
<Date>Jul 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>hampy9907
<Content>What a find! We chose this hotel based on all of the positive reviews on this site. I have to say that we were not disappointed. We booked a double and a triple room and although the double room was on the smaller side, it was more than adequate. The triple room is a real find because they actually adapted one of their corner suites which provide a huge amount of space and feels really luxurious. The hotel is in a great location and is modern, clean and comfortable. For the Brits reading this, the style of the hotel is not disimilar to the Malmaison chain although perhaps the fittings are perhaps not quite so expensive. The continental breakfast which is included in the room rate is of a very high standard for a three star hotel. If we go back to Barcelona we will definitely go back to the Jazz Hotel.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hard to fault Very much enjoyed our stay at the Jazz. Location is very good, being at the top of the Ramblas. Rooms are very nice - cool and quiet. Only very small complaint is that theres no coffee making facilities in the room.Swimming pool on the roof is great for cooling off (not big enough for a proper swim though) after topping up your tan :)  
<Date>Jul 11, 2006
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>SYD-YYZ
<Content>Fantastic hotel Just returned from a 3 night stay at the Hotel Jazz. Very modern + large rooms + large bathroom. Great location - minutes from Placa Catalunya and Las Ramblas. The aeroport bus also stops a few minutes at Placa Universitat (although we caught a taxi from the airport as our plane arrived late - 22 euros). Must advise that aeroport bus on the way back to airport does not stop at Placa Universitat - must go to Placa Catalunya to board!!Staff extremely helpful and the rooftop looks inviting although did not have time to enjoy.This hotel is highly recommended!  
<Date>Jul 9, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Margarida_Ascencao
<Content>Excellent Location, Excellent Staff ! !       Nice Room III  
<Date>Jul 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Barcelona with two young children We arrived at the Jazz hotel in Barcelona after our cruise. We stayed in family suite #211 that was not only quite large, but very, very nice, with a flat screen TV, a great bathroom, desk, and sofa bed for the kids (ages 6  9). The hotel is very modern and very well done. The internet usage is free and there are two terminals. The pool on the roof made my kids very happy as Barcelona was quite hot. My overall review of The Jazz is that is very centrally located and a very nice place to stay. It is a 3 star hotel but to me, it's at least a 4.star. A few things that you may want to know:While checking in/out, Keep your valuables with you and notice your surrundings. When we checked in, someone stole a bag with jewlery from another couple with a child at the lobby, and even though the thief was cought on the security video, the victims had to waste five hours at the police station filling forms, etc..In Barcelona and throughout Europe, keep your valulable with you at all times, no matter how safe the place looks. Keep panhandlers at least three feet away from you.One last thing, the cab driver from the port to the hotel tried to pull a fast one on me, so please, pay ONLY WHAT THE METER SHOWS. This could be the trip plus an addional charge for suitcases, but is should all be in the meter and ASK FOR A RECEIPT. The trip from the port to the Jazz should not be more than EUR 20  
<Date>Jul 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>kathieann
<Content>Definitely 4 star +++++ My husband and I spent 6 nights here in mid June and enjoyed it immensely. The location is suburb;just minutes from Las Ramblas and Placa Calalunya. The hotel is just 2 years old, very modern with all the comforts of home. We had a 7th floor room with a balcony and we had no problem with noise. A nice plus is the free internet service next to the bar. If you like to shop, be sure to visit Corte Ingles at Pl. Catalunya. A great place for tapas is CAL PEP near the Picasso museum. But be sure to go early...theres no reservations and there are long lines.If you choose Hotel Jazz, you certainly will not be disappointed.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>travellingtomtom
<Content>Fantastic Hotel! A great friend did all the research and booked our City Break in Barcelona for us. How glad we are that she did! What a fantastic hotel this is. We stayed for 3 nights and had the best time. Such a modern, clean comfy and centrally located hotel: it was perfect. Fab rooms and friendly staff we did not want to come home. Would certainly reccomend Hotel Jazz to anybody visiting the city of Barcelona! Hope to visit again!  
<Date>Jul 6, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>memsdebby
<Content>The Jazz is another great Tripadvisor find Four of us booked two rooms for a one-night pre-cruise stay in June on the advice of other Tripadvisor reviewers. Once again, we got a great deal on a hotel. I really have no complaints. The hotel is in a terrific location. Fabulously close to the metro, the on-and-off tour bus stops, great dining, Las Ramblas and excellent shopping. The hotel staff were incredibly helpful - even sending several people calling about and running into the street to flag down a large cab for four people plus cruise luggage. Warning - if you are traveling with a lot of baggage or a big party, expect to have trouble getting a cab that can accomodate you. We had to take separate cabs on several occasions while in Barcelona. The hotel was spotlessly clean and even rather chic. Didn't use the pool - no time. The rooms had well stocked minibars and even had flat screen tvs. Beds were comfortable although I probably would not have noticed if they were not since we were all so tired. We did get personal attention at this small hotel which was a great change from the big chains. They recommended a great and reasonably priced restauranct for dinner although I can't remember the name of the place. We even met some very nice people from the UK in the lobby.I guess I do have one tiny complaint because we only got one bar of soap for use between the shower and the sink. I found this to be true at several hotels throughout Europe though. I guess as an American I am spoiled by the shower and bath amenities we consume here in the US. Anyway, I would DEFINITELY stay at the hotel again and I feel we found a perfect hotel for us thanks in part to this great website. Thank you once again Tripadvisor members!  
<Date>Jul 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Surfingh2o
<Content>Amazing Hotel - Great City I have just returned from 3 days (25-26-27 of June).The hotel is in the perfect location for sightseeing. Easy walking distance to La Ramble and the metro literally on your doorstep. The room we had was clean, tidy, large with a large bathroom. The hotel was very modern. One general comment/recommendation about Barcelona not the hotel - when in Barcelona look after your values. Jazz has a safe in the room, use it. I met at least 6 people had had their values removed.Appart from the above comment. My wife and I had no trouble at all in Barcelona. We though it was a beautiful friendly city and we will be going back.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect location for a shopping spree in Barcelona We have just returned from Hotel Jazz, Barcelona for a week of holiday. The hotel is ideally located in the center of everything shopping, entertainment, people watching, street entertainment. A sight seeing bus station is just across the street that takes you to all the sight seeing spots in Barcelona. Besides its perfect location, the hotel is very modern, clean, and well managed by a bunch of friendly staff members. The air condition in the room is absolutely perfect to keep the room very cold and comfortable after a tan on the roof top or hours of shopping under the hot sun. Very comfortable room at a very reasonable price. We will return next winter for the winter sale period for some nice leather shoe, jacket, shirt, ..........etc. We have travelled to Paris, Thailand, Japan, Canada, America, Singapore, Malaysia, Germany, Switzerland, Holland, Italy, France, China, Monaco, Indonesia,Korea, Taiwan. Hotel Jazz Barcelona is the best. Ole!!  
<Date>Jul 1, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the hotel! my boyfriend has recently taken me to barcelona and we stayed at the jazz hotel!, wow, what a hotel!, it was so lovely and modern, in a great place and the rooms were terrific with air conditioning, really clean and really helpful staff members. i would really recommend it, !  
<Date>Jun 30, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>DMonette
<Content>Decent Hotel, Not sure of Price We stayed at the Jazz Hotel June 16, 17  25. We had two nights before our cruise and one night after. On our pre-cruise nights, we were on the 6th floor. Our room faced the courtyard. I could hear a faint rumble of the metro below, but I found it amusing and no trouble at all. It was quiet the first night, but the second night, there was a band playing in the hotel and they didn't stop until 6:00am. So, we finally fell asleep, but then woke up late and had to rush to get out and get to the cruise ship. The room was impeccably clean. The hotel maids work so hard to make sure each room is absolutely spotless. I did not like the shower. Whomever designed them did a poor job. The glass screen doesn't cover enough and the bathroom gets all wet. On our post cruise stay, we were allowed to check in early. I forgot the cruise ship boots you off by 9:00am and with no place to go with our luggage we headed over to the Jazz. We got lucky and they were able to check us in early. However, this time we were on the second floor. The metro rumble is a little louder and we also had a window facing the street. It was a bit noisier at this location, but what really bothered me, was a sound like someone above us was dragging a chair across the floor all night. It continued until 3:00am.One last word on the rooms....they are really small. I understand that by European Standards, it is supposed to be considered large, but my cabin onboard the ship was larger as well as my master bedroom bathroom back home. On the roof top, they do have a nice pool. I didn't swim, but many people were using the lounge chairs for sun. There is also plenty of room up there along with tables, chairs and umbrellas to bring a meal from one of the local restaurants and dine alfresco. We enjoyed doing this twice.A nice plus was the free internet on the 1st floor by the bar. I could get on most anytime I wanted and was able to keep in touch with my daughter back home.Over all, it was a decent hotel. Most are noisy anyway. But this place is clean as can be and close to everything. So, your location couldn't be any better. I do have to complain about the price. This hotel cost us 203Euro a night, which I think is steep for a tiny room in a 3 star hotel. The mini-bar had outrageous prices too. A tiny bottle of orange juice was 3Euro. We bought 2 bottles at Starbucks across the street for 3Euro. That's half the price!Would I stay here again??? I might, but not before checking prices on other hotels that I saw nearby.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Place, Perfect Location! The location of the Jazz Hotel is great, very central. The place itself is incredibly clean, and we loved the hip, modern feel. The staff is very pleasant and helpful and they recommended a couple of non-tourist-y, off-the-beaten-path restaurants which were wonderful. Our room was right on a major road, but the windows are all sound-proofed, so we didn't hear a thing. My only complaint is that our king-sized bed was actually two twins pushed together, so there was a little crevasse in between them. Frankly, that's a minor complaint and the hotel is an excellent value for the money. Next time we go to Barcelona, we'll definitely stay here!  
<Date>Jun 28, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>DivaDerby
<Content>great hotel Have just spent two nights at this great hotel. Flew Ryanair from East Mids airport to Girona airport, easy to pick up taxi outside airport. Took us an hour to Hotel, 120euros, ok because there were three of us. We had room 711 at Hotel, triple room, very clean, plenty of room. Good location, 5mins walk to Las Ramblas. Turn right out of Hotel and across road to pick up orange open topped bus for tour of city, good value, 19 euros for the day. Hailed a taxi, turn left out of Hotel, went to Port Olimpic on the Sat night, 10euros, plenty of restaurants, a great area. Called at Arts Hotel for a drink, very posh, see how the other half live!. No hesitation in recommending Hotel Jazz and Barcelona, we had a great time.Kay, Angie and Angie.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Jazz Hotel Fantastic ! We have just retunred from a weekend break in Barcelona celebrating our 10th wedding anniversary ! Everything about our holiday was perfect from the moment we set foot inBarcelona.We booked the Hotel Jazz through recommendations using this wedsite. The hotel is in the perfect place for all your sightseeing. Easy walking distance to La Rambles and the metro literally on your doorstep. The room we had was very spacious and had the biggest bed ! Everything was clean and the hotel very modern and contemperary in decor. We couldn't fault it. The only thing were didn't use was the restaurant. We had breakfast at a placecalled Buenas Migas which was just of the La Rambles, at Place Bonsuccess 6 which served loverly pastries and coffee. In the evening we went to a restaurant called Les Quinze Nits on the Place Reial which was brilliant, the food there was great and very reasonable in price and very very popular. It opens at 8.30pm and there was a big queue just waiting for the place to open, but it was worth the wait. We ended up going there twice as it was so great. If you go Barcelona, do stay the the Hotel Jazz it is well worth it !  
<Date>Jun 27, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>darkangel78
<Content>Modern Hotel in the centre of Barcelona My boyfriend and I stayed at the Jazz for a long weekend in May. We chose the hotel based on the reviews on this site and almost did not get a room (all the sites I went to did not have any availability), but Travel Republic managed to find us a room and we are so glad that they did.The rooms are lovely and modern. The bed was large and comfy enough for a short stay and the mini bar fridge was good for storing our own drinks in. The shower cover was a bit small, but we just put an extra towel on the floor to soak up the water! The rooms were cleaned daily and the air con was lovely in the warm evenings.The sound of the metro was not a problem. We heard a faint rumble now and again, but then we were on the 6th floor.We are planning on going back to Barcelona and we will definitely be staying at the Jazz when we do.p.s. - make sure you use the radio as we only discovered on our last day. It even plays in the bathroom which makes singing in the shower even more fun!  
<Date>Jun 26, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful contemporary hotel We have just returned from a weekend in Barcelona staying at the Jazz Hotel. There were five of us celebrating 40th birthdays this year. The hotel was wonderful. Very contemporary interior, clean, spacious and couldn't fault it. The staff were very friendly and helpful, speaking good English. Nothing too much trouble. Breakfast very good and plenty of choice from continental buffet selection. We really enjoyed the rooftop pool and terrace and the hotel's location was excellent, really central for everything. We wouldn't hesitate in recommending it to anyone and would definately return. Caroline, Sandra, Sarah, Diane and Karen.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CAJacklyn
<Content>Great value Excellent staff-very helpful and efficient. Great location too. We stayed two nights here and the rooms are almost soundproof. We would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	2	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Highly recommend! Excellent stay. I stayed at the Jazz after seeing other reviews on Trip Advisor. We loved our room, very clean and new. No complaints at all. The location was perfect. Within blocks of several subway stations and close to Las Ramblas and TONS of restaurants. Easily took a cab from the airport and on to the marina to get our ship.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great! Always well reviewed so we stayed and no regrets. Smart and deserves to be popular. Don't think food a strong point but you're in a city so who cares.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PrinceRaider
<Content>JAZZ Hotel is Superb! We have just returned from Spain where we stayed at the Jazz Hotel on June 6 - 8th. The main reason we stayed at this hotel was due to the reviews that we read in the TRIP ADVISOR. The hotel staff spoke English very well and we enjoyed their knowledge of Barecelona. The rooms were very brightly decorated and we even had heated towel racks which is a real luxury in America.One of the biggest assets was the two internet terminals which were free to use and were situated right next to the bar. If you so choose, you could have a refreshment while you checked your e-mail etc.The Jazz Hotel is extremely well located with the entrance to the back streets and shops located a block away. We purchased several jewelry items at the Joan Miro Shop on one of the back streets not to mention visitng the food market. Also, the Barrio Gothic and the Barcelona Cathedral is approximately 10 minutes walking time away. I have been all over Europe and the Barcelona Cathedral ranks at the top of the list if not the best cathedral I've ever visited. The Ramblas is a short walk away from the hotel and I would suggesst walking it from the top to bottom where the dockside is located. There is a very nice restaurant located on the waterfront that is excellent for viewing departing and arriving cruise ships and ferries. In case you should miss eating at one of the hundreds of restaurants near the hotel on one of the side streets, you can catch a snack across the street from the hotel. The name of the place is Vienas and it is really an inexpensive and quick place to catch a late night snack.We would return to the Jazz Hotel on any return visit to Barcelona. It is exactly what you read in these reviews and is superb in every way.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Sarah&CO22
<Content>Hotel Jazz is a fab place to stay Had a wonderful time at hotel Jazz, rooms were perfect, very stylish and spotlessly clean. went with a party of 15 and had no complaints. The pool was an added bonus. The location was excellent and we got the airport bus thay dropped us off 5mins walk away, however give plenty time for return journey as there were lenghthy ques for bus back to airport. Never ate at hotel as there are loads of cheap places to eat near by. would definetley recomend Hotel Jazz and would love to go back  
<Date>Jun 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MunchyMoo1
<Content>Brilliant location, lovely staff,good value Stayed at the Jazz Hotel from the 25th May to the 29th May. The rooms are a nice size with a safe, quiet air conditioning and the whole of the hotel is non smoking which is unusual in this part of the world. Ask for a room on a higher floor as you can hear in the background the rumble of the trains. We were in room 608 overlooking the front of the hotel and we had no trouble sleeping. The reception staff are wonderful, always willing to discuss were to visit, what restaurants might be of interest and they don't just direct you to touristy restaurants they share with you where they go to eat and relax. Location is wonderful the street into Placa de Catalunya is lined with shoe shops and the walk takes five minutes and its a very safe area even if you are two girls travelling alone as my friend and I were. The pool is great after a hot shopping spree and it is warm enough to use now as we were grateful to cool down on Sunday afternoon. Universitat subway is two mins away and the subways are clean and easy to use. The tube staff are really helpful too! If you are going to make a few trips together get one book of ten tickets and share it. But note it is really hot down in the underground even in the evenings so you might like to walk especially as most restaurants are in easy reach and everyone is out and about too. We went to Rubi Supper Club in Banys Vells off Carrer de la princesa - not huge menu choice modern fusion theme - nice quality though in a relaxed bar atmosphere. Really good cocktails and not too noisy if you get there eary - about nine o'clock.There's a new restaurant in Carrer de la Argenteria called Cheeseme which we went to and this was also good. The restaurant looks out on a little Plaza so it is a great place to people watch as there are a couple of tapas establishments and a bar off the square. Best tapas bar was the one round the corner from the hotel in Placa de la Univesitat but can't recall it's name but reception will direct you. Very good for your first night meal as you get your bearings.Packing - bring comfortable shoes as you will walk lots and lots. The Gothis quarter and El Born are a wonderful maze of little streets with tiny boutiques and speciality food shops. When it gets warm these are nice as they are cooler and every so often you find a placa to sit and watch the world go by. Really lovely hotel in a great location and hospitality wise five star in my view.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>DSKAY
<Content>Great Hotel !       Hotel bedroom  
<Date>May 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>pete1222
<Content>Nice location... Spent 3 nights at the Jazz. Excellent location for walking The Rambla.Ask for upper floors to get away from the traffic noise. (Although the operational windows really are quite soundproof.) Nice little store right around the corner for bottled water  anything else you might need. Would stay here again.  
<Date>May 22, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Would definitely stay here again One of the best things about this hotel were the stylish rooms which were absolutely QUIET - we never heard anything from upstairs, downstairs, next door, or outside! The staff were all very helpful and professional - much better than at the other two hotels we stayed at in Barcelona/Catalunya. Also a plus was that the hotel was centrally located - not deep in the touristy Barri Gotic, but rather at the upper end, so that it was a quick and easy walk to the Eixample area. It was also super clean. I'm very picky about hotels, but I can't complain about this one at all. Thank you, Jazz Hotel!  
<Date>May 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Centrally located               
<Date>May 20, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Really good choice, this hotel We found the Jazz Hotel to be excellent. My wife and I stayed 3 nights, Sun 7th - Tues 9th May. You could say that it was expensive but I found everything about the hotel was quality. Our room was on the 6th floor at the side of the hotel. The room was spacious enough and the bed larger than kingsize. We had a small balcony overlooking the street below - useful for enjoying the the display of football skills and antics prior to the triumphant Barcelona football team cavalcade passing by in the evening!Everthing was nice and clean. The staff very helpful. The breakfast was very nice with good selections.As for the Hotel position - 5/10 mins from Placa de Catalunya, which is at the top of the La Rambla and a leisurely walk all the way to the Port areas. The old Barri Gotic quarter is nearby and we were able to walk to the Sagrada Famila and also the El Eixample area, which is flush with modernista architecture - you will see buildings by Antoni Gaudi here.Useful tip - if you dont mind the walk wheeling a case, then catch the Aerobus from Placa de Catalunya to the Airport at only 3.75 Euros each.  
<Date>May 19, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ReaderfromtheUS
<Content>Very nice, centrally located hotel with nice staff and free internet access We found everything to be very nice at the Hotel Jazz. The location was great but it wasn't too loud. It was clean, the staff was helpful and friendly. They have internet for guest use. We really liked it. The pool was decent for a roof top pool.  
<Date>May 9, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Watamoo
<Content>Great Location The hotel was in a great location at the top of the Rambles. Everywhere was walkable. The staff were efficient and helpful. The place was clean and tidy. The top floor with the pool was lovely.All in all a great place to stay. Yes the rooms aren't huge but then how much time do you intended to stay in the room and how much space do you actually need. They are about as big as a travel inn in the UK so more than sufficient.  
<Date>May 5, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Theholidayplanners
<Content>Highly Recommended       The bedroom  
<Date>May 4, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>perfect choice! Went with some friends for a bank holiday break and found the hotel ideal for our neds. Vey modern iterior, friendly staff, and all the features needed.Free broadband internet access in the bar is a plus for the independant traveller and a very good USP for a hotel.The rooms are very well decorated and equippedLocation is very close (2min walk) to the top of the La Rambla (main tourist street) and well within alking from the marina (30min walk). Metro link is also around the corner.In balance of fairness 3 things worth mentioning, no irons fr pressing clothes were available for the more vain amongst our group, the pool had no heating -might be ok in August but in April/May it was cold even though the weather was gorgeous. And the 3rd point although not a real issue is the rumbling of the metro can be heard underneath, but in no way does this disturb your relaxation or sleep, anyone who says anything different is a fool!!Barca was a great city to visit and Hotel Jazz a superb place to be based at.  
<Date>May 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Hotel Fantastic Hotel, rooms small but well equipped. We had a room on the 6. floor to the courtyard. It was realy quiet - you only hear a little bit of noises from the metro. The hotel is near Metro station Universitata. Take the bus A1 Aerobus from the airport and go off at the station Universitata. This is closer to the hotel as Placa Catalunya. The breakfast is not cheap (14 EUR) but it is a good breakfast buffet. The pool on the top now works, but its is very cool. We would take the Hotel again next time.  
<Date>May 2, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Steffihen
<Content>Pool now open       Pool  
<Date>May 2, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Would Highly Recommend We have just come back from a three night stay in Hotel Jazz, Barcelona. It is a lovely hotel and I would have no hesitation in recommending it. It is classed as a three star but in my opinion is a good 4 star hotel. The location is excellent - right on the border of the old town and the more upmarket part of town. There is a roof terrace with a pool and we enjoyed a swim last week in the sun (this seemed like a real treat considering the city centre location). The rooms are not big but a perfect size for a city hotel and the shower was great. The hotel is spotless clean and has a nice bar if you fancy a night cap before bedtime. The only negative thing I would say is that breakfast is expensive at almost 鈧?5 per head. Shop around for deals as I got quotes with up to 200 euros in the difference. Enjoy if you go!  
<Date>May 2, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>midlandsmoggy
<Content>Brill       Bedroom  
<Date>May 1, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>sqwawk
<Content>Hotel Jazz. Nice. The hotel is newly built (2004) and is modern, clean and well designed. The bedrooms are spacious and clean, and I found the beds to be exceptionally comfortable. If you add in the price of the stay and the hotel's location, the fact that you are less than 5 minutes from las Ramblas and less still from Placa de Catalunya (and the Aerobus that takes you to and from the airport) then it is easy to see why the hotel is high on the list of hotels to stay.Yes you can hear the odd bit of hubub from the streets below, the occasional rumblings of the tube - but these are generally kept out well by the windows - and anyway....you're staying here because it's in the heart of the city!!We didn't have breakfast at the hotel, so can't comment on the quality of that, but we did have some great tasting and great value breakfasts served up at some of the nearby cafes.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Jeannie-Ruggles
<Content>Good hotel but overpriced My husband and I stayed at the Jazz for 7 nights to celebrate our wedding anniversary so we booked a suite. I knew the cost when I booked (direct with the hotel for suites unfortunately) but for that sum I expected separate living/sleeping rooms, however the suites are just large bedrooms with a bed settee and small table/chairs added. As a previous reviewer has said the beds are queen size but hard, although we did get used to them and slept well. Although the room and bathroom (506) were modern, clean and reasonably sized it was not what I had expected for 267 Euros a night for room only. I asked a receptionist if I could have bathrobes but she said that as they were only a 3 star hotel they didn't provide them - 3 star maybe but 4 star prices!! We didn't have breakfast in the hotel as I thought they were receiving enough of our money so I can't comment on the food. We did go into the bar on the 1st floor around 11.30pm one night but it was completely empty with no atmosphere, in spite of the hotel apparently being full. The pool was also being repaired throughout our stay so we not in use.On the positive side the hotel is well situated and the maid service is excellent. Soundproofing is also very effective and we always found the reception staff pleasant.Three restaurants we particularly enjoyed during our stay were:CAPUTXES - opposite the large church in the old town (not the cathedral - can't remember it's name but Del Mar rings a bell). It's an Italian restaurant and the lunches are really good value and excellent quality. Service is very good too.AGUA - near Port Olympic in the row of restaurants alongside the beach. Need to book for dinner as it's very popular but lunch is good too. A bit more expensive but worth the extra cost.Le Nits (not its full name but all I remember. It's in Placa Real, off Las Ramblas and queuing starts before 8pm - it opens at 8.30 - no booking. This place is fabulous, great extensive menu  wine list -Not to be missed!  
<Date>Apr 20, 2006
<Rating>3	2	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Nice Hotel Very nice hotel in a great location in Barcelona, just off all the main areas. Hotel was exceptionally clean and comfortable, hotel staff very helpful with excellent English.Getting from the airport to the Hotel was a bit of a hassle, have to switch trains and metro lines. Having asked staff about the return trip discovered there is an airport bus that drops you approx 5-10 mins walk from the hotel, all for only 3 euro 75 cents.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Jazz I booked the Jazz Hotel on the strength of this site, it was a surprise long weekend for my fencee on her birthday. I wanted it to be as perfect as possible and I had looked at a number of hotels in Barcelona and this one had by far the best write up. I have to say the hotel lived up to every expectation and made a great base for our weekend. I took the advise of what I had read on the site and asked for a room on one on the upper floors (we got the 6th) so that we would not hear the subway. This was a good move and the staff were really helpful with any of our requests. The room was fantastic and very clean.Two little moans, one the pool on the roof was empty(but I suppose they all need cleaning) and 2nd the breakfast could have been a bit better.The Jazz Hotel was an ideal location to explore Barcelona, with only a 5 minute walk to Las Ramble, we also found the subway really easy to use.I would recommend this hotel to anyone, we will definatly be going back.One last word of warning, be very careful when ordering drinks if you are sitting in one of the street cafes on Las Rambles. We paid 33 euros for 2 drinks !!!!!!!  
<Date>Apr 18, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a chic hotel! My wife and I stayed here on a four-day break to celebrate our 25th wedding anniversary.I booked the hotel on the strength of previous reviews. It certainly has a chic, minimalist interior, and our bedroom was spacious, and easy to find (huge numbers on the doors!). The bathroom was clean and modern. In fact, everything about the place was stylish, and we were impressed by what was on offer at breakfast. The rooms are well sound-proofed, although you can occasionally hear the dull'rumble' of the metro which criss-crosses the city. The LCD TV has a variety of local Spanish channels, but also Sky and BBC world news. I was even able to watch Man U vs Arsenal live on Canal+! We did not interact much with those at reception, as we tended to find our own way about. When we arrived, a couple were complaining about an attempted 'pocketlift', yet for the whole time we were in Barcelona we never experienced any such problem - I guess we were just lucky. The hotel is very central - close to the Placa de Catalunya and La Rambla - but difficult to find, as it is tucked away round a corner. Even a local policeman had difficulty in directing us. We were disappointed the prominently advertised pool was not in operation, although there were excellent views across the city from the rooftop.Tips:It is cheaper to use the Aerobus than a taxi to get to and from Barcelona airport (3.75 euros each). Take the metro whenever possible to go beyond the city centre. If you want to visit a number of different places in a day, get a 10-journey ticket. It costs only 6.75 euros and can be used by different people for 10 separate journeys.Be careful when buying from street vendors. Some will try to 'avoid' giving you back change!Although there are loads of restaurants to choose from, for purely vegetarian dishes, try the Biocenter - a small place on the Carrer Pintor Fortuny (off La Rambla)- which is only open from 1 to 5, but which for a mere 8.45 euros gives you a bowl of soup, unlimited access to a salad counter, a hot dish served with vegetables, and a sweet - superb value and delicious. It is populated mainly by locals, but we found the waitresses and host very helpful to us as novices.We would certainly recommend the hotel and feel it is worth more than its 3-star rating.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>cj15
<Content>doesn't deserve 3rd place Hotel Jazz has a great location to Las Ramblas and Bus Touristica. The rooms were good sized, perfectly cleaned,and with very nice toiletries. There was a very nice and empty lounge on the 1st floor with free internet service with two computer stations. I thought the beds were hard but comfortable. We were a large group and had one double (2 twins together) and one junior suite with one double and a queen sofa sleeper. The children were disappointed that the pool was closed, but it is never heated anyway. The maid service was the best! Better than any luxury hotel I have ever stayed at.the Consthe front staff needs to learn how to give directions, provide suggestions for restaraunts and entertainment, and be nice. If you have been to Barcelona and know how to get around-this is a great hotel. If you are new to the area, I would not recommend it. It is hard to find, taxi drivers never know how to find it and if they make a booking for you- they probably receive an incentive. On one incident, i made my own booking, I believe the staff was not happy, so he sent me to the wrong address. I plan to visit barcelona often so right now I have nothing to compare it with. But thereare many choices to choose from.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	5	-1	1	-1	

<Author>nick78447
<Content>Very good, but not without flaws... Stayed here weekend just gone.The location is excellent, 5 minutes from the top end of the Ramblas, just off Plaza Catalunya. Busy street below, but windows blocked out most noise. We were on 2nd floor and while we could hear the odd rumble of the subway, it certainly didn't bother us.The hotel itself looks brilliant. Very modern frontage and a cool, modern reception. The staff are excellent, all speak great English and are polite and warm.Beds are massive, bathrooms very modern, everything spotlessly clean.Free broadband internet a big plus. Like it.The gripes - * The place makes much play of its rooftop pool. All well and good if they actually bothered to fill it. It was getting on for 21 degrees when we were there and my girlfriend and sister were both looking forward to using it. Black mark.* We ordered breakfast to the room one morning. Bacon, eggs sausages etc. Stone cold. Not good enough, in fact inexcusable given the price of these things.All in all though, I would recommend this place if you get a decent deal. Location, staff and decor are all spot on.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Burnsie
<Content>Appreciated by teens through to 50+! our party of 7 stayed at the Jazz from Feb26th to Feb 28th.Its location is very convenient without being too noisy. Everyone in our party had a a double room except me-their rooms were big but mine was smallish. It was situated right next to the lift which was a bit annoying during the night. Howevever , the bathroom was fab-it even had one of those magnifying mirrors on a latticed hinge!!The breakfast was ok-all the food was not terribly warm-and even TWO teabags couldn't make a decent cuppa!However there is a great cafe right next door -it sold gorgeous toasted sandwiches cheaply etc.I must recommend the staff for the way they helped me after my handbag was snatched from my arm about 100 yds from the hotel. They phoned the police and arranged taxis and were very kind. My bag was taken from my arm as we crossed at a crossing . The thief ran away in the direction of the Contemporary Art Museum nearby-real seedy backstreets -and he drew a knife.Our purpose was to celebrate a fiftieth birthday and my sister -who turned 50-and myself brought between us 5 daughters aged 16 to 24! They absolutely adored the hotel.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Pardos
<Content>Good not great We stayed at the Jazz for a family break having read the reviews on Tripadvisor. Had 2 rooms - a double and a triple corner suite (for the kids). Nice modern decor. Staff helpful (ordered a 7 seater taxi etc) and spoke good English. The location is good and if you have a skateboarder in the party (as we did) it is very convenient for several of the better spots (MACBA, Universitat, one stop on metro to Paral.lel, etc). The position is a bit noisy and the breakfasts are quite expensive (though very good as well). So overall, we thought it was a good choice but not the best ever. We'd use it again.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Blackcherry
<Content>Very nice hotel in a great, central location I found the Jazz to be a very well kept, modern and value-for-money hotel in an enviable location, close to many great restaurants. The only problem I would note here is that I did feel the metro rumblings a little annoying, and I was on the seventh floor! I wouldn't have wanted to be on a lower floor. Having said that, it is a minor quibble and everything else in the hotel was very good, the clean and spacious bathroom, the huge bed, the funky decor and I would not hesitate in recommending this hotel if you want a solid base from which to explore a great city.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location, Excellent room Hotel Jazz is a great one to stay in Barcelona. We stayed during March 06, here is a bit of information:Great Location: The hotel is situated about 5 min walk from Las Ramblas and Plaza CatalunyaGreat Amenities: We were told the hotel was constructed in 2004 so you can imagine that everything looks brand new. The T.V is great and modern, so are the bathrooms, floors etc. In addition, the room size is excellent compared to other European Hotels.The only bad thing I would say about this hotel would be that the name of it is a bit hidden. We took the bus from the airport and got off in Plaza Catalunyna. We walked a bit, and kept asking people about the hotel, but since it is new a few people knew about it. Finally we started asking about the street in which the hotel is located 鈥減elayo鈥?as soon as we asked for the street name; we were able to find it. The name of the hotel in on the side and is a bit small. We plan to go back next year, we loved it.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>buddineurope
<Content>Don't Believe the Hype As a frequent trip advisor user, I was disappointed with the hype of this hotel (especially it's #3 status!) Not only did our room and hallway have a musty bathroom-like odor, but we found several members of the staff to be rude and unknowledgable about sights and restaurants. As a young couple we were hoping to book at one of the more trendy and fun Barcelona restaurants. When our guidebook options were booked, we asked the hotel for recommendations. They sent us to a total tourist trap, expensive, formal restaurant where we were surrounded by people three times our age. It was not the type of place we were looking for had the staff listened to us. Couldn't help but think that the hotel probably got a huge kickback for sending us there! (Learning: make sure to book your restaurants in advance!)While the location is great, there are plenty of other hotels in this same area and I'm sure there are better values for the money you pay (it's not a cheap hotel)! I would definitely try another hotel the next time we return. Despite this experience, Barcelona was one of most favorite destinations. Enjoy!  
<Date>Apr 3, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Bloatyhead
<Content>Thanks TripAdvisor!       Before we wrecked the room!  
<Date>Apr 1, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>vienn
<Content>Great Location Stayed here for 3 nights in December. Amazing Staff. Unbelievable location. It is right next to the metro station so it can be loud, but that is only a minor consideration.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Look no further We could not fault our 3 night stay in this contemporary hotel, 5 minutes walk from Playa Catalunya and the airport bus ( 4 euro single).Exceptionally clean, lovely room with contemporary bathroom. Good shower over bath - pity it sprays the floor. Excellent range of toiletries - best yet.Room overlooked main street - but sound proofing was very effective. Restful dining room with excellent breakfast. Empty mid-week, filled up a little on the Saturday. One fault was the lack of real coffee and decafeinated was instant in a sachet! A non-smoking hotel which has ash trays in the rooms. Don't miss the excellent Celler de tapas on playa universitat just around the corner. Sit near the door to avoid smoke or go at a quiet time. You won't regret booking in at the Jazz.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>top hotel 1st class hotel, excellent service and staff. well located in middle of city.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>10doody
<Content>What a perfect base. You must try this gem of a base in Barcelona. We have just returned from 3 nights at the Hotel Jazz in Barcelona and adored it. Our booking was influenced by previous reviews and everything written by previous guests was spot on. Modern does not mean uncomfortable - it was a real departure from our usual choice of hotel but were not disappointed. Fabulous location near to all public transport - the very efficient metro only few yards away (very easy to use - purchase T10 ticket for 6.75 Euro in metro station and share between all members of party just by re-inserting into machine on metro or bus), multitude of buses passing in all directions and the heart of the city so close on foot. There are several eating places in close proximity and great shops too. The airport bus even goes to and from Placa de Catalunya (outside El Cortes Ingles Department Store)every few minutes and is only 3.75 Euro each way - and is again only a short walk away from the hotel. Otherwise taxi from airport to hotel is approx 25 Euro. City taxis are numerous and inexpensive too. The hotel is most comfortable, great beds and plumbing, and so clean with fast efficient lifts. There is also a free safe in the room. The noise of the busy city can easily be shut out by closing the balcony double glazed doors and if you think the faint rumble of the metro will bother you then request a 7th floor top room to help minimise this. The roof top seating area is pleasant, breakfast offers a good choice to suit everyone and the staff are most helpful.There is also a luggage room if you have a late flight. All in all a great base to explore a fantastically vibrant and diverse city. We would also add that if you like football,a trip to see FC Barcelona play at the Camp Nou is definitely worth arranging as we did - tickets can be delivered to hotel to await your arrival on various web sites and it is only 6 stops by metro from hotel.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Hotel A great little hotel in the heart of Barcelona. Very helpful staff, nice clean rooms and just a few minutes walk to la rambla.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Koko04
<Content>Great Location!!! We stayed at the Jazz hotel for 1 night and it was great. The location was perfect to get anywhere in Barcelona. The room was big and well furnished and the bathroom was great. The only negative point is the metro that runs under the hotel. We could hear it from the room. Otherwise this hotel is a great value for money.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Jazz, Barcelona - great base to visit a great city A great value for money, modern, clean, central hotel in Barcelona. Would def recommend and stay there again. Really close to the 'easy and cheap to use' metro in Universitat square (where there is also a taxi rank and tour bus stop). Reception really helpful and catered for our special requests. Great views from the roof aswell (where there is a sun terrace and pool). Along with the usual free shampoo  shower gel they also provide free razor, toothbrushes, sponge, comb and sewng kits! LCD tv in the room with mainly spanish stations but you can also get Sky, BBC world and National geographic. Traffic quite noisy outside if balcony door open and you can feel the rumble of the metro beneath you but nothing to put you off staying there (just make sure you ask for a high floor (floor 7 being the highest). Walking to Ramblas takes less than 5 mins and every other attraction is really easy and central to get to from here. Not a paticularly large hotel but very good value for money (cheapest rate I got was booking direct from their web site) for such a central hotel.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>taradoc
<Content>great place to stay We were delighted to arrive at this clean, comfortable, and friendly hotel. The room was spotless and spacious .The bathroom was well designed with large bath ,excellent shower over,and bidet as well as toilet. The airport bus was less than 5 mins walk away and the hotel was really central.The breakfast was substantial and delicious. I would recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Mani_1313
<Content>Lovely hotel, Excellent location!!! We stayed at the Jazz from the 22nd Feb till the 25th Feb 06. The rooms were very nice. The had flat screens tvs, wooden floors and an extremely large double.(Enough for 4 people, if you like). The rooms had an Ikea feel about them as they were very modern and the use of wood. The shower was very powerful and hot water a was always available (even at 4am!).The door numbers are each at least a foot each on the door, so even the most drunk of people can find the right door number. lolDid not use the bar, but looked pleasant enough.For people going in the summer, the pool was quite small, but that;s to be expected from a roof top pool.The staff were friendly, they even delivered Ice to the rooms on request.The bar also has 2 computers offering free internet access.All in all a very pleasant stay and would not even consider looking anywhere else when i go back.A note regarding Barcelona:-Ramblas:- Pleasant enough but very touristy, hence expensive.Nights out:- Again expensive around 50 euros for a round of 3 barcadi and cokes and 3 malibu and cokes.The Catwalk is a very good clubat the Port Olyimpic. Clubs offer free entance before 1:30am, which is because nobody gets there till 2am!!! There is an area at Port Olyimpic,next to the casino, full of bars, which has a feel of your average bar street in say tenerife or falaraki.Make sure you do the tour bus, you need 2 days atleast. We managed to see Ronaldino leaving the Barca stadium.Anyway have fun...............i know i did.Ps The Ramblas did not feel unsafe on any occasion, contrary to what people may say. It's like walking around trafalgor square at night time.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect location What a great find. The hotel exceeded our expectations in every way, location was absolutely perfect, tourist attractions and shopping right on your doorstep, Metro station and bus stops a minutes walk from the hotel entrance.The rooms were stylishly decorated and our standard double was extremely spacious - the bed was huge!I would highly recommend this hotel to anybody going to Barcelona on a short break or a business stay.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Charlie Hurley
<Content>As good as its reviews We booked the Hotel Jazz based on the reviews posted on the Trip Advisor site. The recommendations were entirely justified. On arrival at the hotel we upgraded to a junior suite - so we can't comment on the standard rooms. However, the quality of the suite was very high: fittings, furnishings, facilities, space and cleanliness were all of the highest order. The staff were warm, courteous and English speaking! The hotel is well positioned for exploring the central attractions of Barcelona. The lack of a restaurant at the hotel did not prove to be a disadvantage: there are so many good places to eat in the vicinity (ask at reception). A very positive experience.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Contemporary Style At A Fair Price My wife and I stayed in the Hotel Jazz during a short break to Barcelona. Our room in the hotel was small, but perfectly formed, overlooking a central courtyard. Plenty of storage space was provided. The bathroom was well designed and fitted out. Both were scrupulously cleaned each day. The hotel staff were helpful and all spoke English. With it's contemporary style, fair pricing and central location close to the Placa de Catalunya it was a lucky find. We would certainly stay again.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lgalvin
<Content>Great hotel       Jazz Hotel bathroom  
<Date>Feb 18, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>triciaw
<Content>Great Location  My boyfriend  I stayed for 2 nights at the end of January. Unfortunately that weekend they had unexpected severe weather of torrential rain  temperatures of 3C  below! Luckily for us the Jazz Hotel was so nice that we didn't mind spending more time than we anticipated in the room. Contemporary but very comfortable with a huge bed  large marble bathroom. We agree with other reviews about the small bar  Metro rumblings - however I am an extremly light sleeper but wasn't disturbed (3rd floor). Greatly situated only 3 minute walk from Placa de Catalunya. We found the best deal by far on Hotels by Phone - and it included breakfast. The buffet style breakfast has a very good selection of hot  cold food - if not too busy they also cook you fresh eggs to order. We would definitely stay again.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Bertz
<Content>Great hotel, Fantastic Location My girlfriend and i spent 4 fantastic nights in Barcelona the week before christmas. We were on the fifth floor, where the traffic from the road below was still audible, but nothing that was going to keep you awake, this may become more of a factor if you are situated on a lower floor!! The room itself was perfect, lots of space to chill out in after a hard day walking around, only minor niggle was the bed was two singles pushed together, this said, the bathroom was spotless and the shower was fantastic. The staff were very helpful, and spoke good English, which was handy when my Spanish deserted me!!The Hotel was superbly situated just 5 minutes from Las Ramblas and within walking distance of most of the other attractions, La Sagrida Familia is just 20 mins walk away. If you need to go to somewhere further a field (Park Guell is a must!!), there is a subway just 100 yards down the road, meaning, everything is a piece of cake to get to!!All in all this is a great Hotel which i would not hesitate to recommend to anyone, and one which i fully hope to return to in the future.Thank you for making our trip complete Hotel Jazz!!!  
<Date>Feb 17, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Cambridge123
<Content>Fantastic stay Just returned from a 2night/3day stay at the fantastic Jazz hotel,Barcelona. Facilities excellant,staff extremly helpful nothing too much trouble. Rooms well decorated,modern and spotlessly clean. The buffet breakfast was more than sufficient plenty of choice including catering for special dietary needs. It is located in a good area less than 5mins walk from the airport bus at Placa Cantalunya and La Rambla. Would recommend Jazz Hotel for bussiness or leisure trip and certainly hope to stay there again.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>uber cool , superb location the hotel jazz will not disappoint,it is super cool with an interior that i would gladly take home! The location ( top of la rambla ) is perfect, men beware of all the shoe shops my collection doubled whilst there. We booked through trip advisor with price check, got breakfast included for less than some agents were asking for room only. we had no trouble with pick pockets but watch the taxi drivers, get a price first for journeys and watch your change. We found a fab tapas bar called tramolia (top of la rambla) excellent! the attic restaraunt on la rambla is good too. My husband and i go away a lot and i have learned sometimes it is better to go in a 3* new hotel than a 4 or 5* old one, go here you wont be disappointed. The bathrooms are gorgeous!  
<Date>Feb 11, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>peterb2006
<Content>Not quite as good... As an enthusiastic user of members' recommendations, we were expecting great things of the Jazz Hotel. Sadly, it did not live up to the earlier rave reviews.It's a good hotel with lovely modern rooms, including a well designed bathroom. The hotel is ideally situated in the centre of the City, close to the Metro (which you can hear on the lower floors but it doesn't disturb your sleep).What let it down from a 5 star review was:1. The fridge didn't work and it couldn't be fixed2. The hot water system broke down on our final night so we couldn't shower before we left. The receptionist made no reference or an apology when we checked out.3. The barman (in the very small but attractive bar) kept disappearing for over 10 minutes. This led to some other guests to help themselves!4. Some receptionists were very helpful but others couldn't be bothered.Overall, I'd still recommend the hotel but, based on our 3 day stay, I'd say it doesn't deserve to be in the top 3.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2006
<Rating>3	4	2	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Michael123
<Content>A good place to stay in Barcelona We stayed for 5 nights in January and would thoroughly recommend the Jazz. It is in a very good location by two metro lines and easy walking access to sites, restaurants and shopping. Well designed, spacious and clean rooms, helpful staff and a good buffet breakfast (extra).  
<Date>Feb 7, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Jazz We stayed at the Hotel Jazz earlier this month for 4 nights and had a great time. The hotel was in a great location, 2 minutes' walk from Placa de Catalunya and La Rambla - very central. The staff were very friendly and helpful - they were more than happy to make recommendations, book restaurants for us etc.Our room itself was very spacious and well designed and very well maintained. All in all, the hotel was lovely and I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>SoloTravelGal
<Content>Highly recommended!!! An excellent hotel. Good location - only a 5 minute walk to the Rambla and Place Catalyuna. Room was spacious, clean, stylish - great bathroom and comfortable beds. Staff were friendly and helpful. The only thing I would say about the hotel that is in any way negative is that it doesn't have a proper restaurant and the bar is a little too small - however, given all the great restaurants and bars that are nearby this really isn't an issue. I would highly recommend the Jazz Hotel to anyone. The rooms are great and the area is safe. On a separate note and based on personal experience - PLEASE take care when walking around Barcelona - don't carry your passport around and beware of bag snatchers - I would suggest you take out only the cash you need with you, keep passports and anything else you don't need locked in the room safe. Ideally use a money belt and carry bags securely across your body, preferably under your coat. Whilst walking to the (excellent) Picasso Museum my mother was targeted by a bag snatcher - luckily he didn't get her bag but only because she yelled and yelled and I rushed to her assistance. Just be careful!!! Also beware the women selling carnations - do not get your purse out, be firm and just walk around them - do not let them stop you. Be firm and rude if necessary.But please don't be put off - just be very aware - Barcelona is a great city and there is plenty to do to have a great stay here. I would reiterate that the hotel itself is in a very safe area.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jc2k
<Content>Top Quality Stayed in the Jazz hotel for three nights towards the end of January. Not much to add to the other reviews, save to echo the general comments about it being a quality stay at a very resaonable price.We stayed on the third floor and heard the famous rumblings, but they in no way detracted from our stay, after the first couple of hours didn't really notice them and they didn't keep us awake at all.Location is spot on, whether you want to go north or south down to the Ramblas it's all in walking distance, we only used the metro once to get to the cathedral.One minor gripe, which seems to be getting more common in hotels these days, there was no iron available for guests. You had to get housekeeping to do your ironing for you..at a cost of course. Other than that, I can't fault the place and will stay there again if we visit Barcelona again.Oh and if you want to go to one of the most fantastic restaurants in Barcelona, try Gaig at the Hotel Crum, went there for my girlfriend's birthday and had an amazing night, pricy but worth every penny.  
<Date>Jan 26, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sheiling
<Content>Look no further! My fiance and I stayed here for two nights on the 14th and 15th January, based on the recommendations on this site. No need for a long review - it fully lived up to previous recommendations. If you are looking for good location, good comfortable design, and excellent value for money, then look no further.  
<Date>Jan 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>wrejennywren
<Content>Fantastic Hotel ! Especially for Shopping and Sightseeing ! I stayed in this hotel just before Christmas and found it excellent. It was very clean and the rooms were really cool especially the bathrooms. We had no problems with noise so much so we kept sleeping in. It is great for shopping and sightseeing as you are so close by that you can drop back to the hotel throughout the day to freshen up or drop off any purchases you have made. The staff were very friendly and went to great effort to help us choose a restaurant despite out terrible lack of Spanish ! Also the hotel had free internet access which was a great help. In response to the complaint made by the Trip Advisor member from NY - not being able to drink the water is standard over most of Europe and the Hotel can't be blamed - also if you want to watch TV I wouldn't advise flying half way around the world to Barcelona to do it !  
<Date>Jan 24, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful hotel near Ramblas We stayed there for just 1 (short) night as we had to get the morning flight to Seville (no time for breakfast). The Jazz is a beautiful and very modern hotel just 5 min away from the Ramblas. Staff was efficient and very friendly. Only recommendation would be to ask for a room away from the busy street as street noises do filter in but this is a hotel I surely would return to!  
<Date>Jan 23, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Jazz Really nice My wife and I have just returned from Barcelona and despite rain had a great 4 days .From the moment you see the sparkling lights of the hotel front and the designer lobby and bedroom with tasteful Mondrian style modern art and cool colours the holiday begins .Excellent buffet breakfast (at extra cost) and helpful staff ,soya milk given,advice on where to eat.No great view from coutyard bedroom which we wanted for quiet. Perfect position and roofside pool would be bonus in Summer.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>New Year 2005 After reading the reviews on this site I booked four nights at the Jazz Hotel over New Year for a party of eight (four couples). The professional, and knowledgable staff were wonderful and helped make our stay a happy one. On New Years day we had 'do not disturb' signs on our doors (we had partied until dawn). We left our rooms around 7.00pm to meet for pre dinner drinks in the hotel bar - very nice but shuts early. Returning to our rooms a few hours later we totally surprised to find that they had been cleaned and had fresh towels and sheets. Yes the breakfast is expensive, but its good and you can eat as much as you like.I have stayed at other hotels in Barcelona, but next time I will ensure that there is room at the Jazz before booking my flight.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>AGHBrunei
<Content>The Perfect Place This Hotel is ideally located just 2 minutes walk from Plaza Catalunya and the therefore the top of La Rambla, and central to all that Barcelona has to offer.In my opinion it is a 4* Hotel in the main, however the lack of a Restraunt outside of breakfast, Room Service available only until 22:30 and english speaking channels limited to BBC World News, CNN and Eurosport have limited it to 3*. That said the lack of food options means you get to explore the cities eateries and who would travel to a city and watch TV! We arrived at 11:00 am and there was a room available for us to check-in. Although it overlooked the inner 'courtyard' this may've been a blessing in disguise as the hotel is flanked by a couple of busy roads. The kingsize bed was heavenly, the room well decorated with wooden flooring, flat screen tv, mini bar and air con too. The bathroom was very stylish, clean and modern. I really couldn't find a fault with either the hotel or the staff and would go back there at a moments notice.  
<Date>Jan 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>rbc
<Content>Wonderful hotel in Fabulous City ! Stayed at Jazz over Christmas with my husband and 2 daughters. The hotel was perfect;clean and in a great location. Staff was polite and helpful. Barcelona was absolutly beautiful. We stayed for 6 days and couldn't see everything. One word of warning , don't let the taxi driver suggest your resterant. We did this and then let the waiter suggest our meal.400.00 euros later we felt we had been taken. Oh well,you live and learn.If I had a dollar for everytime one of my family members said, I wish I was in Barcelona now I would be a rich woman. Can't wait to return!  
<Date>Jan 9, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>New Years at Hotel Jazz Based on all the good reviews here, we decided to stay at Hotel Jazz for 5 nights to ring in the new year. We were not disappointed. The entire staff were nice and helpful in planning our new years eve dinner and in giving us directions to get around. Our room was always clean, the bed was so comfy that we had to force ourselves to get up, the one trouble I encountered on the first night was the shower - you have to make sure it is positioned right and facing downwards before turning it on - its a handheld and for some reason ours was facing straight at my face when I turned it on - just a little tip. As for the aforementioned metro rumblings - we were on the sixth floor and it was only a very slight sensation because I notice everything, but my partner never did. The very best part was the location! Everything was within walking distance - La Rambla; the shee-shee shops along Passeig de Gracia where you can also see Gaudi's Casa Battlo and La Pedrera - there's an H M store as well (its a popular chain of clothing stores in Europe, in case some of you have never heard of it and may be getting it confused for something else); the mega mall Corte Ingles which has a grocery store in the basement for your bottled water needs and much more; Starbucks (though you can get a yummy cup of coffee anywhere in Barcelona); lots of apparel and shoe shops; and for anyone that's interested in booking a guided bus tour - the Julia Bus Terminal is directly across the street. This was an awesome surprise since I booked the tours online thinking we'd probably have to walk a bit or take a bus to get there, but nope - it was just a 30-second walk out of the hotel lobby! We took two guided half-day tours of Barcelona on different days - Morning Classical and Afternoon Artistic and they were both good. They have other tours to choose from as well, which you can book online or when you get there. Lots of places to eat - we loved D'or which is across the street and serves a good and inexpensive breakfast. Everything was just so convenient during our stay. The free internet was a huge plus too - they have two computers for guests to use at any time. It was a very memorable and relaxing vacation and we look forward to spending it there again.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>JCDF
<Content>Great value I stayed 4 nights at the Jazz Hotel in December 2005. Before arriving there, I was a little skeptical and concerned that the positive reviews posted on this website were perhaps too generous. However, it turned out that the positive reviews were correct. The hotel's location is very convenient, close to Ramblas avenue and very close to a subway station. The rooms are very nice (modern style) and quiet. Also important for those who rent a car: the hotel has a garage and you can actually park your car right in front of the hotel in order to unload your luggage and check in, which is not always easy to do in Spain!  
<Date>Jan 7, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>rmtw
<Content>Excellent, value for money hotel Stayed here for three nights at beginning of January 2006. Chose hotel on back of tripadvisor reviews and we were not disappointed in any way. Location was superb - easy to walk to all the main sights. Cleanliness very high,service excellent. Breakfast (14 euros plus tax) had a very wide choice and good service, with the girl in charge remembering our preferences for coffee after day one! Had requested a non smoking, quiet room and had a standard room on 5th floor facing inner courtyard. Amazingly quiet for a city centre hotel. One point of information - no slippers or bathrobes supplied - but this is not a criticism - just so that other future guests are aware of the fact! Well recommend exploration of the Raval area around the hotel - some very interesting shops and restaurants. Mama Cafe in c/Doctor Dou 10 - fantastic food and wine and atmosphere at amazingly good prices - also ES restaurant one door up from Mama Cafe - more expensive but still great decor and food.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>PGdenizen
<Content>Excellent hotel in exciting city We stayed at the Jazz for five nights. We had a triple room--two beds pushed together for my husband and me and a sofabed in a separate sitting area for our daughter. The room was a huge corner room with lots of windows (and, a nice touch, blackout shades to keep the sun from waking us up too early). The decor is modern and sleek but still very comfortable. The bathroom was well equipped with a tub w/shower, a separate stall shower, bidet, hair dryer, and so on. My only problem with the bathroom was that the tub was almost too narrow to sit in, and I'm not an especially big person. We were on the 2nd floor, and the rumbling of the Metro bothered me a bit but not enough to change rooms over. My husband and daughter are sound sleepers and never noticed it. If you're a light sleeper, ask for a room higher up. There is a flat-screen TV with Spanish and German channels, plus BBC and Eurosports in English. One warning, especially if you're traveling with children of any age: late at night, several of the channels go to hard-core porn. The people at the front desk and the housekeeping staff were very accomodating (even to the point of recommending a hospital emergency room and telling the cab driver exactly where to take us--my husband had minor surgery and was fine). The hotel's location was perfect for us--walking distance to many restaurants and shopping and to some attractions, such as the Cathedral and the Picasso Museum. The Metro is right there, of course, so it's very easy to see the city from this location. All in all, a very good experience at the Jazz.  
<Date>Dec 22, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>maddiemitt
<Content>metro rumble soothing Rumble of Metro on 3rd floor proved soothing esp. after having bag snatched in Monjuic area despite every precaution. Hotel fine, but Barcelona not so, after a sad experience.  
<Date>Dec 21, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>rrivera59
<Content>HOTEL JAZZ exelent hotel ,great service great location, modern and beutifull just like the city.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Tahitifred
<Content>Great Place to Stay AAAAA+++++  We had an EXCELLENT stay here Nov. 20-25, 2005. All the good reviews you'll read below are true. This is a real gem, especially for the price and location. Rooms are modern, clean, large and comfortable. The staff is friendly and helpful. The pool area (although too cold for us to use while we were there) is much nicer than in the photos. I would stay here again in a heartbeat!  
<Date>Dec 7, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Flawless My partner and I stayed at the Hotel Jazz for two nights at the beginning of December. We selected Hotel Jazz as part of an Expedia package based on the glowing Tripadvisor reviews. We agree that it is a fantastic, friendly, excellent value for money place to stay in Barcelona. The service was flawless: we arrived at 10pm on a Friday night and not only were we checked in within 10 minutes but also given an upgrade to a junior suite (as we'd indicated in our booking that it was a special occasion and anything Hotel Jazz could do to make our stay memorable would be great). The room was tastefully decorated, spotlessly clean, had lots of space and a fantastic bathroom. Partly as a result of the very comfortable beds we overslept and turned up at breakfast the next morning just before the 11am finishing time. This wasn't a problem and the staff made sure we had everything we needed and weren't rushed at all. We had a fantastic (and very memorable) stay in Barcelona and a large part of that was down to the Hotel Jazz and their excellent staff. We will definitely stay again when we return to Barcelona and would highly recommend it to others.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Really Great Hotel Stayed at the Jazz Hotel for 3 nights in October 05.Great location, excellent room, fantastic service and easy to get to from the Airport (via the Airobus).If you want a value for money hotel right in the thick of it then the Jazz is for you, you will not be disappointed.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>taxcpa
<Content>Great hotel Great location, we walked to Las Ramblas. Friendly staff with good restaurant suggestions, helpful with directions. Clean  modern rooms, bed was comfortable. The hotel was quiet, didn't hear noise from the hallways. Had a non-smoking second floor room which was great. Couldn't hear the metro at all unless you listened real carefully, in which case you might hear a faint rumbling occasionally, but you wouldn't notice unless you were listening for it. Free internet was appreciated. The rooms were decent size for Europe. We had a window that opened up onto the courtyard which was nice for fresh air (no balcony.) The bathrooms were very modern. Only complaint was that the shower had half a door, its a decorative style, but the whole bathroom floor ends up getting soaked. Highly recommend this hotel, and would stay there again.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>peggysue111
<Content>near perfect Have just spent 3 nights here 11-14 November and agree with all the good reviews. We found most of the staff very friendly and most helpful. The room had everything we required and was very clean and the king sized bed extremely comfortable. The location was great an easy walk to the Ramblas etc. We were on the second floor and yes there was a slight rumble from the metro but after a full days sightseeing we did not notice it. There was a slight problem with the shower on the first use - we nearly flooded the bathroom as it was a little tricky until the hose was correctly positioned, but this was a minor problem. Compared to many hotels I have stayed in I rate it pretty good and will definitely return and have already recommended it to friends.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Chandolin
<Content>A Love/Hate Relationship We chose the Hotel Jazz for our October visit to Barcelona based on its location and the many great reviews on this site. The location was excellent, the room was modern and clean, the bed was good, and the reception staff friendly and helpful (except for one icy female staff member). But there were several serious problems. First, the water was undrinkable, full of chlorine. When we mentioned this, we were told that everyone in Barcelona drinks bottled water because it always tastes like chlorine. We had to drag 1 1/2 liter bottles of water from a market several blocks away. For the equivalent of 25 cents a bottle, a hotel of this caliber should provide it to guests. Second, the two English language TV channels both had terrible reception all during our five night stay. We were told that it was the fault of the satellite company, but when we moved to a hotel near the airport for the next two nights, the reception was just fine. Third, the Metro noise was very noticeable on the sixth floor. For a hotel costing about $225 a night including two breakfasts, plus over $26 a night for parking, these conditions are unacceptable.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel Just returned from a five night stay in Barcelona. The Hotel Jazz is a good hotel - the hotel, rooms and bathrooms are very clean. The room was a reasonable size with LCD TV and minibar. The bathroom was clean and well stocked with toiletries - hairdryer is located in bathroom and not in main room. Hotel staff were friendly on arrival but did not speak unless we approached them. Do not recommend that you buy drinks in the hotel bar or from the mini bar - very expensive. Did not eat in the hotel so cannot comment. Would recommend breakfast/drinks at the bar opposite (d'Or) as reasonably priced and very friendly staff. Would recommend a visit to the hotel roof - pool looked inviting and plenty of sun loungers. Unfortunately weather in November did not allow us to sit and relax by the pool. Hotel is close to Placya Catalunya - but more than the 100 meters from La Rambla stated on Expedia. Would definitely recommend you see the following: Sagrada Familia, Casa Batillo, La Pedera and Pablo Espanlo. Entry to all discounted if you buy a Barcelona Turistica bus ticket. Give yourself plenty of time to see each as you will be suprised by the amount of time spent in each. Bring comfy walking shoes! Good buy is Don Simon Sangria from the Champion Supermarket on La Rambla (Euro 1.79 per bottle). Market just off La Rambla is best place for snacks.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Ann Mac
<Content>Fantastic Stayed at the Hotel Jazz in Barcelona at the weekend after searching on Tripadvisor for a good hotel. WOW what a place! Reasonably priced, fantastic location and fab rooms. Staff were courteous, beds were huge and bathroom was very trendy. Only gripe was that the switch to change over from shower to bath mode was broken in our room and despite asking 2 times for it to be fixed, it wasn't. I don't think they understood us and since we haven't had the courtesy to learn Spanish I can't really hold this against them. The hotel is also opposite a fabulous tapas bar called D'Or which is open all hours and much cheaper for breakfast than the hotel. Would recommend anyone to stay and we'll definitely be going back.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>smartie67
<Content>Excellent Again I don't suppose there is much room for much more gushing praise for this hotel but unfortunately that's all I have. Great location as discussed elsewhere, very clean and modern, excellent design work, obviously a lot of thought went into the hotel. The top floor pool area is great, always clean and towels provided for the (also very clean) showers up there. Linens changed every day, staff friendly and there English is much better than my Catalan.Would NOT hesitate to recommend this hotel to anyone!!Also as mentioned elsewhere if you stay here, the staff over the road at the D'or cafe are very friendly and helpful, plus the food either morning or night is great...  
<Date>Oct 19, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Jazz Hotel - the best What a great and friendly hotel and so centrally located. They could not have been more helpful and the restaurants recommended were terrific. They even upgraded us to a suite that was absolutely gorgeous and loved the friendly bar (great /cute bartender) and roof top swimming pool. Plan to use this hotel anytime we are in Barcelona. We usually stay at Ritz but the value here is worth it. Trip Advisor is terrific; your recommendations are right on.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>damen
<Content>Wonderful stay in Barcelona We booked 3 nights at hotel Jazz this September based on reviews we read at this site and were very pleased. The hotel is very centrally located near las Ramblas, restaurants and shopping. The rooms are clean and modern. Free internet access was very convienent. We also enjoyed the roof top pool. Very nice to relax on the roof with a drink after a day of sight seeing. The staff was friendly and spoke excellent English. Overall, Hotel Jazz was a great value for the location and quality of the hotel. Seems more like a 4 star than it's current 3 rating.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Choose the Jazz hotel, you won't be disappointed! We settled on the Jazz hotel after extensive research on TA and was more than happy with our choice. The hotel itself is very modern, flat TV and nice decor. The location is unbeatable, being so close to Placa Catalunya and Las Ramblas, which means you could return to your room to drop off your shopping or for a short rest before heading off again. Las Ramblas is always buzzing with life with the kiosks on both sides, we stumbled acorss the Mercado de la Boqueria which is a fresh fruit and vegetables market and it was good fun exploring experience there. The cafe D' Or across the street was indeed what everyone had said on their reviews, good breakfast and lunch time Tapas and the waitress was very friendly and helpful. We travelled around Barcelona on the orange sight-seeing bus which is operated by a different company to the Red and Green line, it is called Barcelona Tours while the others are called Bus Touristic. We had found it to be extremely useful to travel to all the major attractions, but the only drawback is it has shorter operating hours to the Bus Touristic with the last bus being around 7pm departing from Placa Catalunya which means you could not really make the most of your travel pass to travel around the city later at night. The only reason we did not give full mark to the Jazz hotel was due to the disapponting service we had received from two of the female staff at the front desk, one was not particularly friendly and helpful when we enquired about the Flamingo dance booking while the other one stuffed up with our request for a taxi to the airport which made us to wait for more than 20 minutes.Other than the minor complaint above, the hotel itself is excellent in every other aspect and it would definitely be our choice again for our next visit to Barcelona.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>SouthCoast
<Content>Superd Hotel An excellent hotel in a great location. The roof top pool is well worth a visit and a great place to spend the afternoon if you are finished with the sightseeing.Room are a good size and bathroom was luxurious.Would thoroughly recommed it to anyone.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2005
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent modern-style hotel Excellent modern hotel just off of Placa de Catalunya. Hotel staff were very helpful at getting taxis. They also allowed us to leave our baggage in their check area all day since our train didn't leave until 9 pm. The rooms were quite large with nice furnishings. The pictures on their website are very accurate (unlike other places I've stayed). The FREE Wifi was a nice added bonus. The only possible negative was that it was extremely warm in the hallway outside our room. I don't know if the rooms had a/c because we didn't need it. It was nice temperatures outside, but the hallways were very hot -- could be a problem in the hot months, but i don't know.I would highly recommend this hotel though.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>More Praise... This place is sweet. I don't even think I need to write another review since everyone else has well covered it, but it's got it all. Rooms are super big and super nice and clean. Nice TV, well-equipped bathroom, excellent location right by La Ramblas, internet access downstairs for free, good breakfast, nice deck on top of the hotel and a decent little pool. I highly recommend it.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great service, great location Not to repeat what has already been deservedly said about Hotel Jazz, just wanted to add that we found the staff exceptionally helpful in providing service and assistance. Excellent location as well. Be sure to have the hotel address with you if you take a taxi as this hotel is not yet well known in the taxi circuit.b  
<Date>Oct 7, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>DandLPerth_Scotland
<Content>You'll love The Jazz Had booked this hotel on the strength of Trip Advisor reviews and were very pleased with our choice. It's location near to Placa Catalunya means it is easily accessible via the airport bus ( a half hour trip or so, depending on the time of day) and it is ideally placed for exploring this lovely city.Our second floor room was very modern and minimalist, with plenty of storage space, flat screen t.v. and an efficient air con system which made it pleasantly cool to return to after a day touring the sights. It's proximity to the metro also made it easy to get around if you got tired of walking ! We were aware of an occasional slight rumble (not noise) from the metro, but this didn't disturb us.The bathroom was reasonably sized, warm and well equipped, and the overall standard of housekeeping was very high.There were lovely views and space to relax on the roof terrace, though we didn't use the pool.Our deal included breakfast - good and plentiful with a wide range of dishes, including a selection for those on restricted or special diets. Alternatively, there are cafes close by if you prefer just a croissant and a coffee.Lots of upmarket shopping on Las Ramblas de Catalunya just a short walk to the north of the hotel, but didn't have enough time during our 4 day stay to fully explore the retail opportunities.What a pity - we'll have to return !!!  
<Date>Oct 7, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>charalali
<Content>Jazz Hotel: Modern and convenient It was in a great location - right between Universitat and Placa Catalunya, so the heart of town was very accessible with not only everything around you, but the Metro seemingly ubiquitous. The hotel itself is modern in style. When you walk in, there's a very simple lobby, decorated chic and minimal. Our room was on the sixth floor and the rumble of the Metro that is mentioned from time to time on the reviews, was not audible to us at all. The staff was helpful with suggestions and directions. Our room was on the small side, but tastefully decorated and exquisitely clean. We loved the bathroom with its decor, and the water pressure is amazing. As a warning, there is no shower door, strangely, so you'll have water all over your bath floor, but nothing some towels and time won't dry up soon enough. All in all, a good experience. The only thing is, there wasn't much ambience to the place. That would have been a nice feature to one's hotel experience in Barcelona.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great hotel We have just returned from barcelona and spent 3 days there and you couldnt fault the jazz hotel.There was a party of 10 of us and we all said it was very clean the staff friendly and best of all the location was exellent.Yes you can hear the underground but it will not affect yor stay.We all said we would use this hotel again.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A great hotel Returned yesterday after a 3 night stay with 6 friends. The hotels location is fantastic, only a couple of minutes stroll from the Ramblas. The interior really has the wow factor and we must have sounded like a bunch of giggly school girls upon arrival because we couldn't believe how great it was. I shared a triple room and we fully expected to find a 3rd bed had been squeezed into a double room, but we actually felt like we had a suite as it was so spacious. The swimming pool on the roof is a real bonus, and couldn't believe we were able to swim at sunset with a fantastic view included. We had breakfast on our last morning which was nice, but didn't think it was great value. Starbucks is about 1 minutes walk away and was ideal for us (and alot cheaper).Our only very minor complaints are that there were no tea/coffee making facilities in the room, and there were only 2 mirrors (not good for 3 girls when one is in the bathroom and one is on the bathroom door with hideous lighting). I have already looked at going back next year!  
<Date>Oct 3, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Jazz is worth it! My wife  I stayed here Aug. 24th(one night) prior to a cruise and we weresurprised by the cleanliness and quiet! We had read(here) so many reviews about the noise, less-than-desirable accommodations, bad locations, etc. that we were glad that we booked here. The staff was very helpful, but english is NOT their best talent, and the rooms are modern, clean, and well-furnished. The location is probably the best attribute for Jazz! Two short blocks from La Ramblas, plenty of eating establishments nearby, and two blocks from bus or subway transportation just can't be beat! The area around the hotel felt safe, and we never had any reason to feel threatened on either day(just use common sense). The buffet breakfast at the hotel($13us/pp) is worth every penny. We'll stay here again!  
<Date>Sep 27, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>deank
<Content>Jazz. What a great hotel My partner and i stayed at this hotel in May. Having flew business class with BA we decided to only go for a three star rating. We booked the Jazz hotel. It was amazing. New design, King Size beds, well stocked mini bar. Clean light rooms. Staff really nice and friendly. Security on for any trouble. Breakfast set us up for the day.All in all a great stay at the Jazz Hotel.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I'll be back! My wife and I booked a suite here for a weekend in Barcelona to celebrate our 15th wedding anniversary. The Jazz is an excellent hotel and certainly made our stay feel very special. We were in suite 506 on the 5th floor and could not hear the Metro or any noise from the street. It cost 鈧?.60 for a train from the airport to Placa Catalunya which is about 400 metres or so from the hotel. The location of the hotel is excellent and it is very easy to get around Barcelona from it. Try breakfast at Blanes 12 (?) which is a cafe around the block from the Hotel entrance. Stick to just having a drink on Las Ramblas and save eating for the better restaurants away from it... try the delicious Taller De Tapas (----). The majority of food that you find on Las Ramblas is the tapas equivalent of fast food (yuk!).The best recommendation that I can give is that we are returning with our son for a further stay in February.Have a great stay  
<Date>Sep 26, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>flamingokid8862
<Content>Fabulous hotel! Highly recommended!!! My husband and I stayed at the Jazz Hotel for 2 nights Sept. 9-11, 2005. We couldn't have been more pleased....this hotel is wonderful! The location is perfect - so close to La Rambla and steps away from Placa Catalunya, which makes getting to and from the airport (by Aerobus or by train) very easy. We loved the ultra modern decor in the bedroom and bathroom. The rooftop terrace has a pool which is quite small but has a nice view. We loved this hotel and highly recommend it to anyone visiting Barcelona.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>GemmaB1982
<Content>A great place to stay!! The Jazz hotel was fantastic. My boyfriend and i stayed here for 5 nights which really wasn't long enough! We loved the pool on the roof of the hotel, really cold but when you have been exploring all day its a good way to cool down!! All staff were friendly and the cleaners were very good.I would recommend a breakfast or two at the jazz hotel...a good selection of cakes that the cook kept bringing out! Internet use was also very handy.As for location, this place is good. About 2 minutes from a metro station and also if you're looking to do a bit of shopping then stay at the Jazz!  
<Date>Sep 21, 2005
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>cla114
<Content>Perfect, small rooms but luxurious! Very nice, all modern, with swimming pool on top, and all so new that shines! The interior designer who made this hotel is a genius, rooms are really luxurious and better than in several 5 stars hotels I saw, breakfast is very good and, only hotel in Spain I found, they had a free computer in the lobby to connect to internet. Absolutely recommended!  
<Date>Sep 20, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Modern, clean  A beautiful, new  well-styled hotel. Quality linens  furniture, an attentive staff  close to Las Ramblas. (A selling point, I suppose, if you like shopping the equivalent of 34th street in Manhattan.) The small pool on the roof is great after a hot day of running around. Beware, breakfast IS NOT included and costs about $20.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Naperville77
<Content>The Jazz Rocks - Loved it!!! This hotel was fantastic in every way. Stop your search - this is it!!! We searched all over the Internet and must have read hundreds of reviews and we are thrilled to say that the reviews were right on and that the Hotel Jazz was fantastic! It has the best location, steps away from the Metro and is in the heart of great shops, dining and fun (be sure to check out the tapas bar directly across the street with the yellow sign and ask for Ricardo. He was very informative and speaks beautiful English. Plus dine on great tapas and sangria). The hotel is beautiful and has every modern amminity that you could want (minus an iron) - comfortable bed, clean and large room, very friendly staff, large bathroom, etc. And best yet, it is a fantastic deal. In fact, the city is filled with great deals on fashion, food, wine, etc. You can't go wrong. Stop searching for hotels and start searching for what you'll do when you are in town. Loved it!!!  
<Date>Sep 18, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect Stay Excellent hotel! Great location, friendly staff. Rooms were clean and decently sized with fun decor. Quiet too- even being in the center of everything. The free internet access and bar/lounge area were a nice bonus too.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2005
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Robyn023
<Content>Clean, Fresh and Modern Hotel. Great Location! We stayed for 3 nights in September. When we booked, we requested a non-smoking twin room but was given a smoking room on the fourth floor. The stale smell was too overpowering so we complained. We then got given a non-smoking room on the second floor which the hotel staff kindly rearranged from a double to a twin. The hotel had recently been refurbished so everything felt clean and fresh. The only complaints we have are:1. The shower screen was too small and the bathroom floor ended up getting quite wet.2. We can hear the trains going pass even though we are on the second floor.Apart from the minor points above, we highly recommend this hotel. Location is superb!!!  
<Date>Sep 13, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>SOBEMiamiBeach
<Content>Perfect! This hotel is fantastic. Spent 1 week there (August 30 - September 6, 2005) and found our triple room modern, clean, comfortable and quiet.We were on the 4th floor (Room 406) and the only time I heard faint rumbling of the subway train was when I was in the bathroom, but nobody else in my party even noticed it (I asked them after we checked out).Desk staff are excellent, housekeeping superb and the food met all our needs (especially breakfast).Will stay here again on my next visit to Barcelona.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent, stylish and friendly Modern, stylish and friendly. Had read a review complaining of noise or rumble from the metro' underground. We were on the 7th floor so may have been protected from this. I listened out for it in the early hours and could make something out...but certainly not intrusive in any way. I hadn't told my girlfriend about this before-hand and when I later asked her if she had heard anything she had no idea of it. Room was large, immaculate and had small balcony overlooking the noisy busy road below (more of a Juliet balcony so no sitting out on it). Noise was never a problem from the road because of the excellent double glazing. Some noise in the morning from the maids (although this was later than 9am).Free internet (proper internet connection not the snail stuff) on two units near bar area. Didn't have to wait.Bar very smart and modern, in keeping with the rest of the hotel, although drinks were very expensive. Generally friendly staff (including discussion with guys on the desk about Barca' and Real Madrid on arrival). We had just come from Paris where the staff were formal and a little stuffy so the staff here made the difference.Rooftop pool small but didn't suffer because of it. Seperate pool towels provided and plenty of (comfortable) sun loungers.Excellent breakfast variety and open til 11am.Location right in the centre with Universitat and Placa Cataluna metro stations very close.We stayed first week september for two nights. Paid approx 拢100(sterling)per night.(girlfriend loved the plentiful freebies!)I couldn't really afford this for a longer stay, nor can I compare with other hotels in the area. However, compared with other european hotels this was refreshingly worth the money.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Alanwexford
<Content>Excellent, Excellent, Excellent!!! Can't praise this hotel enough. Just back from 3 days in Barcelona. If you are looking for a smart and stylish hotel, look no further than the jazz.Its centrally located and only a few minutes from all the action in Barcelona. Rooms are very sleek, with Flat screen tvs, and silent air conditioning. On checkout the reception staff will hang on to your bags in a backroom untill your transfers arrive.Checked out the bar in the hotel on the first night but it was pretty quiet. The bar prices in the hotel were among the cheapest of all the bars we visited.There is a great Tapas bar directly opposite the hotel on the left hand side and on the right side you have a Pans outlet if you fancy a quick bite to eat. There is also a irish bar, just round the corner at the rear of the hotel.If you are coming to Barcelona on a stag/hen night, dont forget all the action later in the night happens around Port Olimpic, which is 10 minutes away by taxi (鈧?0) from Jazz Hotel. Beer prices in the disco bars average about 鈧? for a bottle of Heineken/Corona.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Made our stay extra special The Jazz exudes budget class and style. Some say you get what you pay for; but with the Jazz you get a whole lot more. Not only is the hotel clean and cool with great rooms and facilities; the location for a weekend break is exceptional. This hotel made our stay extra special!!  
<Date>Sep 8, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Lbird_28
<Content>Loved the hotel, loved the location, loved Barcelona Have just got back from a three day trip to Barcelona. I picked the Jazz based on the recommendations on Tripadvisor and was not disappointed. On arrival we were immediatley upgraded, free of charge, to a Junior Suite on the 2nd Floor. The room was fantastic, with a seperate living area and the biggest bed I have ever seen!!!! But the best thing about this hotel was the roof top pool and terrace. As temperatures were so high we spent the mornings visiting the attractions and the afternoons lounging around the pool which was a perfect way to end the day. We rarely heard any noise from the metro and when we did it was just a very faint rumble, certainly nothing to make us want to move up a floor. Because the Jazz is so central we were able to walk to most of the main attractions or alternativley catch taxis as they were so cheap and always available. Barcelona is a fantastic city and the Jazz is a perfect hotel to stay in for your trip!  
<Date>Sep 5, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Better than I hoped       Bedroom  
<Date>Aug 31, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>emma027
<Content>Brilliant Hotel, would highly recommend We choose this hotel mainly on the strength of the great reviews left by trip adviser users and weren鈥檛 disappointed. This hotel is excellent, all the staff were extremely helpful and friendly, when we arrived at the hotel four hours before the given check-in time they were very accommodating and made sure we were in our room within 30 minutes.The rooms are lovely, we were on the 7th floor at our request after we read on this website the problems with noise on some of the lower floors and we weren鈥檛 disturbed by it at all. The room itself did face a busy road but the windows shut out any road noise so that wasn't a problem. The rooms were extremely clean, plenty of space and very modern with flat screen TV, radio etc and decorated with lovely finishing touches. The bathroom wouldn't have looked out of place at a 5star hotel, it was extremely high quality with a great bath and powerful shower. The toiletries in the bathroom were much more than the standard, with razors, make-up removers, shoe shine etc, etc in additional to all the usual things, this coupled with the free safe, well stocked mini bar etc made this hotel a little extra special. The hotel and the rooms are exactly as they look in the pictures, if not better.The hotel the bar was nice, we had a few drinks in there, bar staff were friendly. We didn't eat in the restaurant but it looked very nice. The free internet access was also an added bonus as was the roof terrace pool. It was small but at the end of the day you are in the centre of Barcelona so any pool is a bonus. The Location of the hotel couldn't have been better, a couple of minutes walk from Playa de Catalunya, which is one of Barcelona main square's at the top of Las Ramblas. Perfect position for sight seeing.Las Ramblas is great, take time to have a drink there and watching the people go by and the mime artists - how those people stand so still is beyond me! Barcelona is a brilliant city with so many things to see an do - the Casades (get there early it gets so busy), marina, zoo, Gaudi Cathedral were all brilliant places to go and we tried to walk to most places to see all we could of Barcelona, which was tiring but worth it. Lots of lovely places to eat and drink, and the shops go on for ever.I would highly recommend both this hotel and Barcelona itself, we will defintely be going back again.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Loucas
<Content>Jazzt perfect! Modern, clean, hi-tech, superbly located ... This is an excellent hotel and I can't wait to go back there. It is very carefully decorated, in a simple but very modern and tasteful manner. I didn't think I cared about hotel decoration until I stayed at the Jazz. It is spotless (100% clean), and the rooms are very spacious.The staff is friendly and helpful. The maids are very good at tyding up the place without messing around with your personal items. I didn't ever think of tipping the maids until I stayed at the Jazz!!!Free ultra fast internet access is super, even though you might have to wait for your turn (there are two workstations, but no printer). Late night is always a good time for some internet activity, and it is always available then. Location is excellent. Very close to touristic and colourful Las Ramblas and Plaza Catalunya which is the starting point for tourist tours, and serves as a bus hub and metro station. Plenty of shops around too.The swimming pool is small and not open too many hours, but if you are only in Barcelona for a few days to a week, it would be a waste of time to sit around a pool. I booked this hotel partly because it had a pool, but while I was there I didn't use it afterall. There are so many things to do and see in Barcelona you won't have time for that. I stayed there for 5 days and wish I had another month!No complains whatsoever.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>J.BROOKES
<Content>Fantastic contemporary hotel. We used tripadvisor before we booked this hotel which helped no end, the hotel was really nice, rooms were excellent and very comfortable. If i had to complain about any thing, it would be that we asked for a double room, and they tried to give us a twin, and said that i had not asked for one, i asked to see the confirmation form and it was definatley on there, i had to argue to get the right room, but that was only 1 employee. Would definatley go back.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>elesdee
<Content>Hotel Jazz, better than expected. My wife and I stayed at the Jazz mid-august. The hotel is only a 5 minute walk from the Placa de Catalunya. We travelled to the hotel using the train from the airport, only 6,30 euros for a 10 journey ticket-excellent value. On arrival the staff were ok, not over friendly. We asked for a non-smoking room so were on the 2nd floor-no problems with noise at all. Our room was very clean and spacious. The bathroom was as good as we would expect from a 4 or 5 star hotel back home. Also surprised to find no charge made for use of the safety deposit box in the room. Mini-bar/fridge well stocked. Bar staff very pleasant and efficient. Roof top pool/terrace nice, always fresh towels although some of the sunbeds weren't in the best of conditions. Nice irish bar round the corner called Scobies and this was a better source of recommendations for restaurants etc than the hotel staff. Overall, we were very happy with this hotel and will hopefully be returning soon.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Modern hotel very close to Barcelona's heart Stayed with my husband for 3 nights in this modern hotel. We stayed in the 2nd floor but the train station or traffic was not disturbing us at all. Rooms are very clean and personnel is helpful and nice. Breakfast was quite expensive (鈧?14) but a variety of bread, fruits, juices, cheese, ham... was offered which makes it worth to have breakfast at the hotel.The hotel is only a few steps away from the placa Catalunya and the Ramblas the most famous avenue in Barcelona. It is very good situated and I would go back and stay there any time. Really good recommendation to stay in the centre of Barcelona. Enjoy!  
<Date>Aug 24, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It was just Okay I stayed here with my boyfriend as part of our trip around London and Barcelona, mainly because of the number of raving reviews. First I stayed in room 314, and yes, we heard the rumbling and vibration of the underground train, which stopped around midnight. Try and get a higher floor.The bathroom was nice, new, sparkling and clean which was a plus, as I am a cleanfreak. We desperately needed a converter plug for charging our laptop and we continuously called and asked the front desk about one for the entire duration of our stay (3 days) and the answer each time was that they were all out. Each time we called it seemed as though someone just got one 20 minutes ago and we were out of luck. So be sure to bring your own adapters. We could have bought one from down the street but it just seemed like a waste since we were here for so little.The beds weren't as soft and comfortable as when we stayed near the ocean in the Arts Hotel (the first part of our trip), and the bedding was just sheets really. The soundproofing from outside the room was alright, we didn't hear much noise, except when a rally of protestors woke us up at 7am, but otherwise it's quiet.The pool closes pretty early, about 7 or 8pm, and so I can't say we got to enjoy it, because we spent most of the day out and about the city.Location-wise it is perfect, it's right by Las Ramblas and within walking distance of all stores and areas. While you are there, stop at Farggi's and have a gelato, it's really good. Don't expect someone to get your bags for you, and there is no concierge. The english-speaking front desk does most everything, but I guess I caught them in the wrong times because they weren't too friendly or polite.Overall the hotel is nice... yes it is all 'modern' but if you know anything about construction and materials you can see it's all cheap decor (doorframe is a plastic material), but if that crap doesn't matter to you it should be no problem. If the price is right then do it. All in all it was a pleasant and memorable stay, besides the little things mentioned above that was a bit annoying.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2005
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect Place to Stay in Barcelona My family stayed in the Hotel Jazz for an overnight in mid August. When going abroad I generally do the research on where to stay coming from a hotel background myself. I was worried about how comfortable it would be in a big bustling city with a 20 month baby. I had great difficulty getting information on family facilities and anyone travelling to Costa Brava with babies take note - it is very difficult to find baby changing facilities!!I made the best choice for accommodation in Barcelona. The hotel is centrally located, a short stroll to La Ramblas. In the hot and clammy environment outside the hotel was cooly air conditioned and the pool on the roof was just the best facility - especially for kids. The hotel is not an obviously family hotel but we were made to feel very welcome. We did not need a cot (although offered) as the beds are huge. The showers are powerful, rooms large and immaculate with and excellent provision of bathroom toiletries. All the staff from check in to check out where fantastic and very helpful!. This I probably would rate the highest of all as I know how important staff are to the running of the hotel. All this for 拢70 stg/鈧?00 approx. I would thoroughly recommend this hotel and will go back and stay in it again the next time I am in Barcelona.Regarding any negative feedback I had previously heard on the hotel. We were on the 4th floor and slept soundly - no noise from train station. We did not eat in the hotel and heard the breakfast was expensive. In general hotel breakfasts are more expensive and HOtel Jazz is no more expensive than other hotel's breakfast tariffs when staying on Room Only basis. However the hotel is central and surrounded by little cafes where you can buy breakfast more cheaply!  
<Date>Aug 19, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Forget terrace We stayed at this hotel for 4 nights. The room is quite spacy, modern and clean. The location is good enough to reach all tourist atractions. Staff are friendly, helpful and good. Just one thing, we chose this hotel for its roof top terrace and swimming pool. However, the roof top terrace and swimming pool is opened only from 10:00 to 20:00. We could not drink cava at the terrace in cool breeze late night or swim early in the morning. Also, the view from the terrace is so, so and quite noisy due to traffic down from main road. The hotel is worth to try and probably better than other hotels which are in the same price category. WHy they cannot open the terrace 24 hours?  
<Date>Aug 19, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>bettyz
<Content>Jazz it up and stay here! We got back a few days ago after having spent 10 nights at Hotel Jazz. It was really wonderful! The rooms are spotless, very modern, the AC is so quiet you you can't hear it, the doors open to small balconies with a great view of the street (on our side) and the street is loud, but the glass is soundproof and when you close the door, it is totally quiet. The rumble from the train was no bother on the 5th floor at all. The pool was great, but we wished it stayed open later than 8, because the sunset occurs around 8:30, 9 and it would have been nice to swim up there and watch the sunset..The staff was split for us. We found the male staff consistently freindly and helpful, and female staff to be curt at times and rude.. but we just learned to rely on the fellows and they are the ones on at night when we had most of our questions.We rented a car and drove up to the Dali museum in Figueres. If you do this, drive along the Costa Brava. It is incredible! And rent from Damacar. It's the company Hotel Jazz uses and the people there were really kind. Not too expensive either! We spent 57 Euros on a 24 hour, 350 km trip.The location of Jazz cannot be beat! It's around the block from so many great things to see and do, and the train is basically outside your doorstep! So the fact that the bartender was hard to track down was not the most important because you could get anything a few steps away. There is a liquor store on the street that D'Or is on one block away and you can buy a six pack of Estrella Damm Beer for 3 Euros and keep it in your fridge, ratehr then spending 3 Euros for one at the hotel.We miss it so much and definitely plan to come back in the future!  
<Date>Aug 17, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Laura086
<Content>Loved the location, price and all that Jazz! I spent three nights at the Hotel Jazz in April and thoroughly enjoyed my stay. It has a wonderful location just off Playa Catalunya, less than a 5 minute walk to Las Ramblas and about 2 minutes to the nearest metro station. Considering it鈥檚 proximity to the tourist hub of Barcelona, the Jazz remained a quiet and peaceful place to retreat to after a long days sight-seeing and even though our room was on the second floor we hardly noticed the noise from the metro.The hotel is modern and the rooms are spacious for a city-centre hotel and have good facilities like a hair dryer, flat screen television and in-room safe. The bathroom was well stocked and had an excellent power shower. The roof pool was a nice feature with a number of sun beds and pool towels provided.The staff were always very friendly and helpful with the checking in/out and luggage arrangements.We booked through Expedia and got a good price for the hotel and BA flights. Overall an excellent value for money hotel with a location that cannot be faulted.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>princess_sparkles
<Content>Enjoyed our stay - Great Value We stayed at Hotel Jazz during the final leg of a 2.5 week trip to Spain and France. We paid about 110 Euro for a standard room. Based on previous posts we requested and got a higher floor room on the 6th floor. The front desk was very accomodating given our unexpected late arrival due to a delayed flight from France. One drawback was that they were unable to provide a luggage cart for our 6 bags, so we ended up taking two trips up and down to get everything into the room. We heard very little street noise and definitely no impact from the rumbling of the metro that we read about. We did hear quite a bit of noise from the hallway, but it was quiet at night. Also, the curtains in the room are incredible. They blocked almost all the light!!The room was very nice, we did have a king bed, which was actually two twins pushed together. I would rate this just ok. The bed was adequate, we could sleep, but nothing to rave about. We took advantage of the wireless Internet. It was very very easy to use and very helpful to us. Also English speaking news stations were great, particularly CNBC Europe.The bathroom was fantastic. Fresh towels and toiletries every day, which was great. Toiletries were great, razor kit (husband forgot to pack a razor), toothbrush, sewing kit, shampoos, soaps, etc. The rooftop pool is smaller, but wonderful. A great way to start the day with relaxation or to unwind after a long day. It was crowded sometimes, but we always managed to get a chair. Also, the tables were great, we bought sandwiches a few days and just ate them up there, which was nice. The hotel location is awesome, very centralized and easy to get just about anywhere in the city. We had lunch one day at d'Or across the street. It was great. Also, I don't speak Spanish at all and thrive on coffee, so was pleased to find a nearby Starbucks.....I know I know, but it was good for me. The front desk was not good with recommendations for where to buy some bottled water, etc. but we found the Champions grocery on the rambla which was a great solution for water and wine to keep in the room. They were very helpful though in making reservations at local restaurants we wanted to try and navigating the metro. They also gave some interesting recommendations for walks around the city that were not on the map. I definitely recommend going to dinner one night at La Venta in the Tibidabo area of the city. We ate upstairs, where you will need reservations, but the service, food, and view were outstanding!!  
<Date>Aug 16, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>altlaw
<Content>Great stay at Jazz My three sons and I stayed at Jazz for 4 nights. Excellent in all respects. A great value. The location at the end of La Ramblas and near the Gracia district was perfect.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel What a great little hotel, nothing to complain about except... a smell in the bathroom, resembling a sewer towards the latter part of the morning!! i think this is a generic problem rather than a specific problem with the hotel. The hotel was great so do not let the smell deter you, the service was excellent, the pool was a pleasure in the heat and the location was superb.Have been back 10 days and recomended it already, would go back for sure  
<Date>Aug 15, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>hmac
<Content>Very good - but not quite perfect! We stayed here for two nights last week (August), with our daughter and her friend. We had two standard rooms on the sixth floor (thanks to previous reviewers I asked to be high up).Regarding the hotel's style and location, I agree with previous reviews - excellent, perfect position, tasteful, clean, modern etc, great to have the rooftop pool area, free internet access and English language news channels. Regarding metro noise, we noticed the rumbling when sitting in the bar on the first floor - it didn't seem particularly intrusive but then I wasn't trying to sleep so maybe it would be different if it was your room ... certainly we couldn't hear anything when we were up on the sixth. The bar is a stylish place for a drink,but the barman appears to have several other responsibilities, so you can wait a long time for him to appear. He is friendly and helpful when he's there but that's hardly the point.Apart from the bar the staff were very efficient and helpful regarding rooms, luggage etc. - but a request for a restaurant recommendation from the front desk turned out disastrously. I think a previous reviewer suggested that the staff probably wouldn't be a great information resource and I would agree.We tried Cafe d'Or opposite the hotel (recommended in several previous reviews) and it's lovely and friendly. Also good, for tapas, is Celler de Tapas (I think that's what it was called) just around the corner on the Pl. Universitat.Barcelona is a beautiful city and this is a very stylish and well-located place to stay - but don't rely on the staff for local advice, take a good up-to-date guidebook instead!  
<Date>Aug 9, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel - Great Location - Good Value After reading reviews here I stayed at the Hotel Jazz on a family 5 day break at the start of August.The Hotel is in a prime location, 3 mins walk from Las Ramblas, It is in a quiet location.Staff were helpfull and replied to my emails prior to departure, very prompt check in. There are security guards that are always on the entrance and a safety deposit boxes in the rooms.The Hotel is modern, and has excellent facilities. Rooms were cleaned and striped every day (although sometimes not until after lunch). The bathroom was all modern and spotless.Our room was on the second floor and had a mini juliet balcony, which was nice, the air con worked well, the room was always cool.There was some slight noise from the rumble of the subway, but it was nothing more that the sound of faint rumble about every 20mins. Hardly noticed it, and after being in bars near the hotel it seems to be a common occurance, so dont be put off by that.The pool was an excellent extra and should be the main attraction. After a day out sight seeing there was nothing better than to get back to the hotel at about 5:00pm and sit by the pool till 8:00pm. There are sun beds and they provide towels around the pool (added bonus). The slight downside to the hotel is that the bar closed at 11:00pm so you couldn't get a night-cap when coming back later, but apart from that it was excellent. It is just like the photos on the website.Highly recommended.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>jim98
<Content>As good as the hype Just returned after 5 days at the Jazz and it was as good as we expected. Ths staff were polite and helpful, the room was very good, excellent air-con.The roof-top pool was very welcoming after a hard days sight-seeing and the breakfast was plentiful. We did notice the noise from the metro when we were in the restaurant on the first floor so I would advise requesting an upper floor. No real down side and I would certainly stay there again.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>citytraveller1
<Content>Thanks for your feedbacks, this is truly a good hotel! Just arrived from Barcelona where I stayed at Hotel Jazz for 7 nights. I went along with your positive feedbacks here and cancelled my reservations in another hotel in favor of this one.The hotel was how I expected it, quite modern, clean and accessible from Plaza Catalunya. The Metro was also steps away using the University station. I stayed on the 2nd floor as this is the only non-smoking floor. I did notice the trains during daytime, otherwise did not bother me in the evenings.Even my Monserrat tour guide was impressed with the hotel comparing it with the others he had picked-up passengers from.Staff were very friendly, the men far so. On my last day, however, I asked for a wake-up call but concierge incorrectly put the wrong room number. I should have stuck to speaking Spanish! No big deal, always have a back-up = your cell phone alarm.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Bedsock
<Content>Loved it Can't believe that this hotel is only at No. 6 in the ratings. it's one of the best hotels I've stayed in - deserves more than a 3 star rating.All the previous reviews have said it all really - but all I can add is that it's certainly somewhere that I wouldn't hesitate to return to. That's as good a review you could give!Staff are friendly and knowledgeable. Planning the return journey as we speak!  
<Date>Jul 27, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>eriweri
<Content>Better than the name! Walking down the street adjacent to the hotel I was a little unsure of what Hotel Jazz would be like. The name hardly gives it away! - But to my surprise, it was a really contemporary hotel in a brilliant location. Not too close to Las Ramblas (and the tourists) but still only 5 mins walk away. Close to Modern art gallery and all the swanky shops too. We stayed in a lovely room with plasma TV's, marble bathroom and comfy bed. Staff listened politely to my Spanish and spoke English when necessary. Brilliant hotel. Highly reccommend it.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic location, good hotel Stayed in the Jazz Hotel for 3 nights in July, this is my 2nd time in Barcelona and I must say the location is excellent. Its right in the heart of the city and 5 min walk to the metro(Catalunya station) and nearby to Ramblas. The hotel was a wee bit hard to find as the its main entrance is not on the main road and you have to keep an eye out for it!(well I must say i arrived quite late and i was dead tired). Staff was friendly and accomodating, requested a room on the higher floor and they were more than happy to give me one(perhaps the hotel wasnt full). The room(6th floor)Fair sized room with ample space, has got a LCD TV, in-built radio and room safe. The decor was nice, nothing spectacular but for a 3 star hotel its superb! Bathroom was good as well, good shower and huge mirror.Service was good but only gripe was there was no ironing board/iron available and you had to get housekeeping to do it for you for a princely sum of 4euros per item! Its nice and quiet, didnt really notice the metro rumble till my last day, and only when i was in the bathroom.The pool is tiny! i never had the chance to swim in it but it looks much bigger in photos but a guesstimate would put it at approx 4m by 2.5m(being generous here)Comparing this to the Vincci Maritimo Barcelona which i stayed in previously, i still prefer it to the Jazz as the hotel room was much larger and bathroom was much better shame about its location though.Cant comment on the food but breakfast was priced at 13euros though. I suggest grabbing a bite elsewhere for breakfast!All in all this a great hotel to stay in, especially because of its location!  
<Date>Jul 22, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Sam39
<Content>Great location, modern hotel We stayed at the Jazz hotel in June for 3 nights after reading the great reviews on trip advisor. The hotel is in a great location near the place de Catalyna at the top end of La Rambla. We were on the 7th floor and could hear very faint sounds of the metro below now and again but this did not disturb us at all. The beds were very comfortable (two singles in a frame) the room large, clean and trendy with a flat scrren TV and air conditioning. The bathroom had with a large mirror and marble effect tiles and sink. Our rate included breakfast which was a continental with good selection including cereals, toast, cakes, cheese, meat, rolls, pastries, fruit juices and COLD sausages, mushrooms and tomatoes. We were able to order eggs to be cooked however not at the weekend.All in all we had a great stay in a great location with great breakfast. We did not use the pool or sun deck but both looked in good condition.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2005
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>travel pants
<Content>Excellent Hotel We spent 3 nights at the Jazz hotel and loved it. The location is great, service was excellent and our teenagers thought the rooms were 'way cool'.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel, great location This hotel has everything but an alarm clock!Great location, short walk from Las Ramblas, friendly staff and good rooms. Rooms are clean and tidy with all mod cons - nice bathroom with poweful shower, good air conditioning and very large double bed.The rumble from the underground was noticeable, but a bit like the rumble of thunder, certainly not obtrusive or disruptive.Overall an excellent hotel.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2005
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>crooka
<Content>Fantastic Place to Explore Barcelona We spent the first week of our honeymoon at the Hotel Jazz and we had a fantastic experience. The location is perfect - between the touristy hot spots and the neighborhoods of Barcelona. We stayed in a Junior Suite, which had a nice living area. Also, we were in a corner room, which had views out of two walls. It looks like all the rooms have the mini balconies - sliding doors and railings, but not big enough for anything more than leaning out on.The staff was not overly friendly - we didn't really rely on them and they let us go about our business. I wouldn't say they would be a great resource.The actual pool on the roof was quite small, but seemed commessurate with the other hotel pools we saw in the city. However, the rooftop deck was great - great views and plenty of chairs for laying out in the sun. During the week it was deserted but on the weekend there were a fair amount of people there.All in all - stay at the Hotel Jazz if you get a chance.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kittystane
<Content>Very good location 12th July - Just returned from a five night stay at Hotel Jazz, Barcelona, and were more than pleased with our choice, having picked it after seeing reviews on trip advisor. Barcelona is a lovely city with plenty to see and do. The hotel was a two minute walk from the Ramblas and the excellent eating places. The orange turistic bus stop was across the road from the hotel, so we got picked up there and dropped off there too. The hotel was very clean, bedlinen and towels were changed daily. Spacious rooms and very good airconditioning. Staff were very helpful. Definitely recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Dooney87
<Content>Fabulous hotel! The hotel is excellent the location is fab, all the tourist attractions were within walking distance of the hotel! The staff were very friendly and helpful. The hotel was very clean, and the room was modern. We stayed on the 4th floor and did not hear any traffic/noise during the stay. I would deffinatley recommened this hotel to any one!  
<Date>Jul 10, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Daryth25
<Content>Amazing boutique hotel, Great location / Price What a great find. Having travelled a lot, I have to say that Barcelona is a very cool city. The Jazz hotel is an excellent find. Location is within walking distance to Las Ramblas as well as a number of touristy things. The hotel staff is young and seems to enjoy thier work. The room and facilities are perfect for tourists, most likely not suited for business travel.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>moon2
<Content>Modern, Good Location, Excellent Staff We stayed at the Hotel Jazz in the middle of June of this year and had absolutely no complaints. We got an inside room so found it very quite but consequently without a view. The rooms were spacious, very modern and clean. The roof top pool was a very nice place to relax for an hour or two. Staff had excellent English and were very helpful in ordering taxi and providing directions. Location-wise it was ideal - a 5 minute stroll to Las Ramblas and Placa Catalunya. It was close to shops, bars and restaurants. I鈥檇 have no hesitation in recommending.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic We chose this hotel after reading the reviews here - and we weren't disappointed.Our superior room was exactly as the pictures on the website. It was spotlessly clean and very chic.The terrace pool was great for an hour or so chill out and to catch the last of the sun at the end of a long day sightseeing.The staff were friendly and helpful and spoke fluent English.We didn't eat dinner there - but the breakfasts were good.Finally the location was perfect - we were offered a room overlooking the patio which was on the inside of the hotel and lovely and quiet. Leaving the hotel we were a two minute walk from Catalunya Square and the start of the Ramblas.We couldn't have asked for a better hotel and definitely recommend it. Next time we go to Barcelona this will be our first choice.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>WhereToNextThen
<Content>What a deal! This was the most modern and largest room of our 25 day tour of the Med from Spain to Turkey. Certainly the best deal at only 100 euro + tax! I believe we might have hit a special, but I still would have paid more if I knew just how nice and clean this room and hotel really was. Great location and only a very short walk to the main square and La Rambla. Free internet access was a great touch and well appreciated. Staff was helpful and kind and did not have an attitude as I had previously read. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone visiting Barcelona.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>holidazed
<Content>Good hotel, but don't mix business with pleasure My husband and I stayed 3 nights in a Jr. Suite. The room itself (fifth floor, 506) was very cool...very modern and stylish. Since it was a corner room, lots of windows with views onto the busy streets of Barcelona. Excellent bathroom (seperate shower  tub, towel warmer, etc) and the two flat screen TV's were a nice touch (if a bit small). My husband was disappointed with the business services. The wi-fi in the room didn't work, and the staff was totally clueless when we asked for assistance. There were only 2 computers in the biz center, and they were always being used. My only complaint is that the hotel is built right over the underground subway, and even on the 5th floor we heard some rumblings. And of course, being in a big city, the noise from the traffic outside is unavoidable Overall, a cool, chic hotel in the middle of the city for a reasonable price. Just don't try to get any work done :)  
<Date>Jun 16, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Great Barcelona Hotel After reading TripAdvisor reviews we stayed at the Jazz earlier this month. It exceeded our expectations. The location is great. The rooms were clean, tastefully decorated, and well air conditioned. Free internet service from two computers near the bar and a pool on the roof are also great touches. Based on reviews posted here, I asked for a high floor room and was given one on the 7th floor - we had no issues with sound. Later in our trip we spent 2 nights at the technically 5 Star Hilton, which is not nearly as nice as the Jazz. I would highly recommed the Hotel Jazz to anyone looking for economic lodging in Barcelona and would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Jun 10, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic hotel....Fantastic city! My wife and I stayed here for our 20th Wedding Anniversary.The hotel had organised for flowers in the room and champagne as soon as we arrived. (This was at my request).The room we were given was fantastic as it had a bedroom and sitting area with a plasma tv in each area as well as a huge kingsize bed!The hotel is just off Las Ramblas and is in an ideal poisition to explore Barcelona, which has everything.At the end of our 3 night stay we were very satisfied and would definitely return! The only slight downside (as we got up late) the cooked breakfast was cold, but, once we realised this (and at our request) the kitchen cooked fresh on the 2nd and 3rd mornings...We returned home with plenty to talk about including room 606!!!  
<Date>Jun 8, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Exceeded expectations I stayed in Hotel Jazz for two nights at the end of May and found no faults whatsoever. The staff were extremely helpful, helping out with a tricky request in advance of our arrival, and the hotel itself is very elegant, and in a great location for those on a short break. The room was very comfortable and quite spacious, full of nice bells and whistles, with the bed a full seven feet wide, while the roof-top pool and deck provided a perfect place to unwind in the warm evenings.A great hotel at a good price. Enjoy!  
<Date>Jun 8, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Terrific Location, Wonderful Staff Our adventure started out at the Hotel Jazz in Barcelona and I must say it was the beginning of a great first time trip to Europe. We were a group of twelve to stay at the Jazz and for several months I had been in touch with the staff making arrangements emailing back and forth. They responded to my requests quickly and efficiently, even helping me arrange a car service from the airport to the Hotel. I had never been to Europe and didn鈥檛 know what to expect, I was pleasantly surprised. The rooms were modern very nice, comfortable and clean as was the buffet breakfast.On Saturday night the soccer team won a championship and there was a major parade that started at 12:30am and lasted until 3:30am. Good example of how good the soundproofing is - people were screaming - fireworks - drums, etc., and despite it being only 1 floor beneath us we only heard the muffled booms of the fireworks. When we opened the balcony doors it was incredibly loud and fun to watch. We were at the hotel the same night the as the previous Philadelphia, PA reviewer. They are absolutely right about the sound proofing. We were also on the second floor overlooking the start of Las Ramblas when the party started. The hotel staff was knowledgeable and very helpful. Though the language might have been a difficultly it was not. The staff did their best to communicate with us and succeeded beautifully. Acknowledging us each time we entered or left on our excursions to the streets was a very nice person touch.When asked, they suggested places to visit, things to do or made dinner and show reservations for us and their suggestions were right on. Each time I asked where was this place or that place they pulled out the map and gave us excellent directions. The location was just down the street from Las Ramblas and Placa Catalunya, a short walk with plenty of shops along the way. Great Location!While in Barcelona don鈥檛 miss taking the Bus Turistica on a tour of the city. Pick up a two day ticket at Placa Catalunya; see the Segrada Family Cathedral and all the other wonderful sites of Barcelona. Overall it was a spectacular stay. I must say that my experience was an excellent one and I would not hesitate to stay at the Hotel Jazz again or recommend it to anyone. We also loved it!  
<Date>Jun 2, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>loved it       Jazz Hotel  
<Date>May 30, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful hotel in the perfect location! Highly recommend!       hotel front  
<Date>May 29, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>An amazing weekend break Stayed in the Hotel Jazz for two nights in April on a weekend break. Having booked on the internet and seeing photos my expectations were high and I was worried we were going to be disappointed when we arrived. I need not have worried, the hotel was amazing! Situated about a two minute walk from La Rambla, it was central to most things.The hotel itself was immaculate and had a feeling of relaxation as soon as you walked in. The hotel staff were extremely helpful with providing directions to tourist attractions and advice on where to eat etc. If I was to visit Barcelona again I would definately re-book this hotel.  
<Date>May 28, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Hotel       Jr. Suite  
<Date>May 27, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kwaker5
<Content>Beware the unnecessary music! The best thing about this hotel is that it is all so new (assuming you're not into 'character' of course!). Everything works and is clean and modern. The beds are large and comfortable, the sheets and towels are still bright white, there is no noise transmitted through the walls from other rooms, and the showers have plenty of water pressure.I asked for a quiet room on a high floor after reading comments about the underground and they obliged - top floor facing inwards (not onto the busy street). You could (believe it or not!) actually still hear the trains on the 7th floor, but it wasn't that obtrusive. It could well depend on which side ofthe hotel your room is. However, the first 2 nights we were there I had to put up with incredibly irritating piped music coming from somewhere, stopping in the very early hours (about 3am) and starting again at about 6am! I thought it was coming from a nearby apartment block or bar (and so nothing could be done), until on the last night I discovered that it was the music the hotel plays around the rooftop pool, continuously and for about 20 hours a day!!! On our last night I phoned down to reception when we got back to our room (about midnight) and asked them to switch it off, which they did within 30 seconds. I can't really fault them for that. And, for once, it didn't resume in the morning.So when your lying in bed at 1am unable to sleep because there's an irritating musical hum coming from nowhere, try the pool!  
<Date>May 23, 2005
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	2	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Sweet Deck  Offers an excellent location, a modern hotel with attractive prices and a pleasant deck  pool area to chill the beans after the shopping, sight-seeing  partying. I would thoroughly recommend staying here. Very helpful staff too.  
<Date>May 16, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Best This hotel was just great. It was near the subway, walkable to Las Ramblas, free internet in the lobby area, the rooms were great, in a safe area, and the fresh water pool on the roof was nice to relax and the lobby personal were very friendly. I would stay there again without a second thought.  
<Date>May 8, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It`s a cracker Having just returned from Barcelona and the Hotel Jazz (19/4/05), I can only go along with the other reviewers comments. I arranged a trip to Barcelona for five couples, all friends, the hotel lived upto all expectations, Very modern, lovely rooms well furnished, LCD tv and a super bathroom, free safety deposit boxes and plenty of wardrobe space. Rooms have patio doors but no balcony, just railings, so you can open the doors and savor the sounds and smells from the street below.Go out of the hotel turn left and across the road is a bar, not as narrow as it looks for it opens up at the back. Food and drinks very reasonable.Hotel staff were ok. Breakfast was expensive at 13euros plus tax per person, best go out, some nice places do breakfast, orange juice,bacon sandwich and a coffee or tea for 3.20 euros. But as for the hotel, for a 3star its worth 4+ stars of anyones money.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>JKHCheshire
<Content>Fantastic ! Excellent hotel, highly recommended for a stay in Barcelona. The rooms were fantastic, we were upgraded to a suite - 2 beds, sofa bed, 2 flat screen tv's, walk in shower and bath with shower. There was a safe in each room and also a reasonbaly priced mini bar which we used to store our own drinks.There is a really nice decked rooftop pool area, we had a hot day and all the subeds were taken very quickly but there are plenty of tables and chairs to use.Hotel staff were very helpful, recommending excellent restaurants.Only draw back, like most European hotels, there was no hot drink facilities in the rooms but other than that 100% recommendation on stlye, quality and service.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>KC305
<Content>Fantastic hotel, unknowledgeable staff       bathroom  
<Date>Apr 17, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>pleasure
<Content>great stay watch out being taken to the cleaners. very much enjoyed hotel jazz buffet was regionaland very tasty,the staff at the desk was very helpfuland professional.great location and a very well designed quite roomswith ultra modern touches hot towl bar, nice tub , bigbed, great lighting and eltronic safe in the room.2 problems 1 huge service charge even when using a phone card about 20 euro . 2 had my wash done2 pairs of jeans 3 shirts some misc soxes and underware another 60 euros wow I should haveasked more about being taken to the cleaners.In Barcelona watch out for theves late at niteI saw 2 theves rob something out of the back of a couples car. Be aware and go to Barcelonaits a great city that I loved .I would return to Hotel Jazz again and recommend it.happy travels.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great little hotel Stayed at Hotel Jazz for a couple of nights over Easter. The location is very central, right between Eixample (where all the Gaudi is!) and the old quarter (lots of character). Also good for shoppping! We had a room overlooking the inner courtyard, which I think probably worked out quite well, because the street noise was minimal. I was a little concerned about noise from the metro having read other reviews, but although in our 5th floor room we felt the odd rumble, it really wasn't a problem at all. The rooms are very well equipped and furnished comfortably and neutrally, with understated style. The stylish bathrooms are very well designed with powerful showers and feel very new and clean. Breakfast was quite pricey at 13 euros, particularly if you don't eat meat. Service was friendly and efficient. We didn't use the pool as it just wasn't that hot, but the roof terrace and pool area must come as welcome relief in the summer heat - though I reckon it wouldn't take many to fill the pool! Overall, a great little hotel of understated style and amazing value for money, hence the excellent rating.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hit the High Notes with Ease Super clean, super stylish, super service. Great location for walking anywhere in the city. It's not on a big touristy plaza, so it quiets down at night. We were upgraded with no extra charge to a 6th floor suite, and loved it! Great subdude color scheme, two flat scree tv's in the room, good sized bathroom with everything you'd need, seperate tub and shower, modern showerheads...we'd stay again.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Zen&Co
<Content>Great Service from a super hotel Picked the Jazz from the recommendations on this site and stayed 3 nights from the 15th March. Given the previous comments I emailed the Jazz prior to our arrival requesting a room above the 4th floor. We we got their we were pleasantly surprised to be told that due to our email we were being allocated a junior suite on the 6th floor at no extra cost. The suite was fantastic with an enormous bed, lounge area, two LCD TVs and a big bathroom with seperate bath and shower.The Jazz is ideally situated close to the centre of Barcelona minutes away from the top of Las Rambla and the Placa De Catalunya where the airport Aerobus drops and collects you. We never used the bar or restaurant in the hotel so can't comment, but they looked ok. I think because just stepping out the door you found dozens of bars and restaurants the Jazz facilities are rarely used. Step out the Jazz and turn left and in front of you is the bar D'or which is great and is open long hours, but just one word of warning, if they offer you a large beer decline, or you will get an enormous glass containing approx 1.2 lit. You have to be very thirsty to finish it !  
<Date>Mar 26, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Dorie
<Content>Fantastic Location The hotel is perfectly located for all the tourist attractions. A few minutes walk from the main street, las ramblas but no street noise. Lots of little cafes and bars located near by. I didn't eat in the hotel and found a fantastic place for breakfast just round the corner.Rooms are very modern and spacious with an enormous bed, lcd TV and tasteful decor. Very sleek bathroom and power showerStaff were always helpful and the bar is a good place to chill out.I was on the 6th floor and there was a distant rumble of the metro. it didn't disturb me at all  
<Date>Mar 20, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Hotel This hotel is in an excellent location and is very modern and stylish. The double beds are absolutely huge and very comfortable. The bathrooms are very sleek, modern and immaculate. For those of you who know of the Hotel du Vin chain, this is quite similar in its minimalist modern style. The rooms have plasma television screens with a good range of satellite channels. Breakfast has a good selection of colds meats, cheeses, fruits, cereals, many types of bread, rolls, croissants etc. The Jazz bar is very funky. I am writing this review from one of the free internet stations in the Jazz Bar. You can even print things out free of charge. With regard to the noise that others have mentioned. We are on the seventh floor. You *can* hear a slight rumble, but it is not really intrusive and certainly did not prevent us from having a good nights sleep. However, I can imagine that if you were on a lower floor possibly you may hear the noise more. To get past this, ask for a room on the seventh floor!The staff are very friendly and professional. I would say this is a very underrated hotel. The quality suggests a higher rating than the 3 stars it has been given. I would definitely come to stay here again.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>mellowman1
<Content>What a cool hotel !! Stayed at the Hotel Jazz for 2 nights at the end of Feb. What a great place. Very cool decor, excellent facilities. Location is absolutely brilliant as its right in the centre of 3 great locations. Highly recommended. The showers are so powerful they hurt so I would make sure the shower heads pointing down before you turn it on (unlike one of my mates). Breakfast was also a very good buffet but not included in the price.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>thielees
<Content>Good, but a caution... I like the modern decor, and the location is excellent. The roof-top swimming pool is a priceless option on a hot summer day. Friendly staff. Unimpressive breakfast and zero atmosphere in the adjoining lobby area, but so what. The construction quality is rather shoddy, and the rooms can show obvious signs of damage (big patch in bathtub, wall lamp partly pulled out) after just one year of operation.The first time I stayed there just after the hotel opened, we were on an upper floor and had no problems with noise, though one could hear muffled street sounds in the background. The second (and probably last) time I stayed there, I was on the second (lowest) floor, and the metro was hugely bothersome and impossible to ignore. I could feel the vibrations in the walls!! I can confirm, the Barcelona metro stops just after midnight and starts at 5:30 am.Stay at this hotel. But get a room above the fourth floor!!  
<Date>Mar 1, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location We stayed at the hotel for two nights and can honestly say you couldn't get a better location. The decor and room standard of the hotel was very good but the downside was that we had to wait 4.5hrs for our room with no offer of an upgrade or any compensatory drinks.That put a damper on the trip and think that if they improve the service it will be a great hotel for anyone visiting Barcelona.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent hotel! Hi,I just came back from a short trip to Barcelona and we stayed in the Jazz Hotel. It is a very nice hotel, very trendy. The people at the reception were nice, I asked for a room on the top floor because I had read some reviews and it mentioned the noise sometimes. The receptionist immediately called the cleaning personnel and they arranged a room for us on the 7th floor, the highest you can get! The room was really fantastic, a huge bed, flatscreen tv, a fully equiped bathroom (Bath, toilet, bidet, towel warmer, shampoo, soap, shower gel, a comb, tissues, razor, toothbrush, toothpaste,...). No noise, only in the far far distance, you could hear some cars and sometimes the metro. I can imagine that it would be disturbing if you were sleeping on the 1st floor. We did not try the breakfast. The swimming pool was empty, which is quite normal in february. The weather was really nice though, but 15 degrees is a little bit too cold to go for a swim outside! The hotel is very well situated! A 3 minute walk to Plaza Catalu帽a, which is really the place to be if you are a tourist! 0.5 minute walk to Plaza Universitat, 4 minute walk to Las Ramblas! I think the best thing to do is to take the bus A1 to Plaza Catalu帽a at the airport and step off at Plaza Universitat, which I think is the 3rd stop. It takes about 20 minutes to get to Plaza Universitat. It's 3,60 鈧?per person. We took a taxi to get back to the airport, which takes about 10 minutes and it was 17 鈧? which is not bad either. Tip: on Plaza Catalu帽a, you can find the biggest information center in Barcelona, it is under the Plaza Catalu帽a. There are 3 types of tour busses that you can take: * red bus: drives you through the north of Barcelona, with several stops at the most important things to see.* blue bus: this one takes you through the south of Barcelonaboth are 16 鈧?per person/day* orange bus: we took this one and it was really great, it takes you to the most important places to see in the entire city (so both north and south), they give you a free pair of headsets so that you can listen to some historical information in the language of your choise. This one was 17 鈧?per day/person and I would really recommend this one. Nobody seemed to have noticed that for only 1 鈧?more, this bus takes you to both north and south, as there was a long queue for the red and blue busses and no queue for the orange one. You can hop on and hop off wherever you want, whenever you want (the bus comes every 20 minutes).Be prepared that Barcelona is quite an expensive city and the people of Barcelona don't seem to be able to speak english. If you speak english, they answer in spanish and quite rude. But as soon as you start speaking spanish, they are lovely.Have a nice stay in Barcelona!  
<Date>Feb 17, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>PhillipaLondon
<Content>Brilliant We stayed for two nights in the Hotel Jazz, our room was not ready when we arrived so we were immediately upgraded to a suite, fantastic! The hotel staff were all friendly and helpful, the room was spotless and we had no problem with noise of the metro. Best of all the location, 2mins from Las Ramblas, perfect, would definately stay here again.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>FayMinneapolis
<Content>Great Hotel We loved the Hotel Jazz. The rooms are clean and modern and the staff is very helpful. It is centrally located, far enough away from La Rambla to get out of the noise, but close enough to get there quickly. You can easily walk to the Barri Gotic, Passeo de Garcia, and to most major attractions. The metro and busses are just steps away. The nearby sidestreets contain great little bars and cafes. Can't recommend the Hotel strongly enough.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Having been to Barcelona before and stayed in a 4 star hotel, I would say this is 10 times better.Stayed here for a 5 days from the 9th Feb and we were very impressed, it was a very clean, stylish hotel. The rooms were very modern and spacious. The location was excellent, a few minutes walk from La Ramblas, very near shops, restaurants, bars and nightclubs.The staff were very helpful and polite. We would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone, and we will definately be going back!!  
<Date>Feb 15, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>colm_cam
<Content>Great Place, Great Location Well, where to start? Firstly the check in went smoothly as expected, staff friendly and helpful. Decor stunning, made our way up to the room and found it to be very clean and with some of the nicest decor I've ever seen! Don't worry too much about the noise of the underground, although you are aware of it during the day it makes little or no difference to your sleep. You are slap bang in the heart of the city of course some noise can be expected. Again the location is the biggest selling point of this hotel, 2mins walk from Las Ramblas, but plenty of shopping en route. I would deffo stay here again, with out a doubt.   
<Date>Feb 12, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great!!!!!! What a find! The Hotel Jazz in Barcelona is perfect, great location,great decor, great staff, lots of extras in the batthroom like shower gels , razor, toothbrue,shoe-shine-excellent. Staff are very friendly and you never had to to wait around for your room to be cleaned. Very quiet, no problem with noise from Metro, we had a beautiful room on the seventh floor, our friends on the sixth and they had no problem with noise. The hotel is literally three minutes from the Ramblas and Square Castaluyna. The airport bus drops of in the square,cost 3.45 euro, very good value. try the D,or opposite the hotel for excellent coffee, pastries for breakfast and very good bar food at great prices, for a city the prices are brilliant, great Chinese restaurant to the left of the hotel- meal for five cost 45 euro and that included 2 bottles of wine. The bus tour of the city also great value and an excellent way to see the city and decide exactly what areas you would like to visit. Have a great time and enjoy the Jazz, you will not be disappointed.   
<Date>Feb 11, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AmandaSwansea
<Content>Fantastic Fantastic Hotel, lush decor, clean rooms and great location. The staff were really friendly and very helpful. We stayed at the hotel for 3 nights at the end of Jan 2005. If I return to Barcelona I would return to this hotel.   
<Date>Feb 11, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MikeLaw
<Content>Great Hotel Stayed here for 3 days in January and enjoyed it thoroughly. Great location just minutes away from where the airport buses drop you off and the all important Ramblas.   The hotel staff were very helpful, rooms spacious and spotless, the bar small but perfectly adequate, the free internet access a bonus and the roof-top space with pool - great on a sunny day!  Oh, and why spend your holiday ironing.....ring for room service and within minutes your ironing is collected and returned just as quickly........... all perfectly ironed for a small charge.  Congratulations Jazz!   
<Date>Feb 10, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jamiedan
<Content>First Class Top class contemporary hotel...would recommend it to anybody.  Stayed here for four nights in late January....perfect location, and the rooms are just really cool. LCD TV's, big bathrooms, can't wait to go back.  Only rated 3 star because it doesn't have a restaurant....they serve breakfast for an additional 13 euros which we didn't have because there are plenty of other places around the area.  Not your choice if you need Butlers and all that, but if like me you want a top value for money, smart hotel, centrally located, you ain't gonna do better than this.  Looks like a great pool on the roof too, although bit cold to use it in Jan.   
<Date>Feb 9, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Hotel Jazz Fantastic for a three star hotel although missing a few little essentials (like an iron. They don't have one anywhere in the hotel.). Room was spacious, modern and very clean. Staff very friendly. Breakfast not so good. Only isue with noise was that we were above the restauraannt. Go for higher floors!  
<Date>Jan 30, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>a13kjy
<Content>Excellent Hotel Before we stayed here, I read all the reviews posted and decided that the best bet was to ask for a room on a higher floor to avoid the noise form underground trains. When we arrived we were given a room on the 7th floor anyway so no need to ask. Sitting in the bar on 2nd floor the noise from the trains was evident, but not overpowering. Ask for a room on a higher floor but don't worry if you don't get it.Other reviews mentioned the street noise, as far as I could see all the rooms had windows that opened into a central courtyard. With the window open you can hear the street noise even on the 7th floor. However close the window and it was completely silent. All rooms have Air con so there is no need to have the window open. Right thats the practicalities out of the way. The hotel it's self was very central and really well presented. The style is contemporary but not minimalist. The beds were huge and very comfortable. I have stayed in many mid range hotels in cities, and for the rate this has to be the best.Do yourself a favour and stop looking for a hotel in Barcelona, you have just found it!!!!  
<Date>Jan 11, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hbyerly
<Content>Great price, great space I stayed here with my daughter 12/24/04-1/1/05. We had a room on the 7th (top) floor, so the subway noise was not noticeable, kind of a low rumble like a truck passing every once in a while, and you had to really listen for it.The room was spacious (by European standards) and modern, with a flat-screen tv and free Internet (both wired and wireless) in the room. The closet was large and had lots of drawers. There were also two free Internet stations with a printer near the bar on the 1st floor. There's a nice terrace and small pool on the roof, and the pool was filled and open (though not heated) and looked pretty inviting even though it was December.The address is a block and a half NW from the Placa and the Ramblas, you couldn't ask for a better location.The breakfast was basic and overpriced (what hotel buffet isn't?), but convenient.I though the staff was helpful and well-informed. The price was right too, 100 Euro for two people for most nights, 180 Euro for the New Year's Eve weekend nights, puchased directly from their web site.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great New Year At The Jazz My wife and I have just returned to England having spent two nights ( 31/12 and 1/1) at the Jazz Hotel. We got off to a fine start when the pleasant receptionist gave us a room upgrade from standard to a junior suite on the 7th floor. This was a lovely, large, corner room with all the facilities one would expect except surprisingly, tea/coffee making equipment. The staff were very helpful re restaurant suggestions etc. bearing in mind the difficulty of finding somewhere reasonable to eat on New Year's eve.Having read the previous reviews I can concur re the good location of the Hotel and it's overall new Hotel feel. There is some noise from the underground, but it was very slight - being on the 7th floor no doubt helped, but it might be a problem on the lower floors. Overall an excellent choice and good value.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it! My family just returned from a four night stay here...and we thought it was great. I communicated with the hotel via email prior to our arrival and their responses were always prompt. The room and bathroom were spacious, the bed was huge and comfortable, and there was no noise from other rooms (some street noise). The TV channel selection was very adequate and the staff spoke good English and were knowledgeable. Our plan did not include breakfast...we purchased the buffet breakfast one day...expensive. The hotel was very close to Las Ramblas and metro/train lines (to/from airport). We would definitely recommend this hotel to others.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>COOL JAZZ My wife and I stayed athe the Jazz, 12th to 14th December, got it for USD142, per night, no breakfast. Our room was cool and modern, facing a small balcony. It was a good size, the bed was huge and comfortable. The bathroom also nice. We were preety happy, except we could hear the subway noises till late in the night and started quite early in the morning. But we got started quite early in the morning, so it wasn't a big problem for us. The staff speak English well and very informative. The location was great, 8 minutes walk to Placa Catalunya, where you can catch the airport bus from, and 5 minutes walk to the ramblas. Good base for exploring Barcelona. If you feel like venturing out for a nice roast chicken meal, we recommend els pollos de llull at ramon Turro 13, 08005 Barcelona. For 5 Euro, you get half a chicken, salad and drink, yummy. If you manage to get a coupon from one of those tourist magazines, you get a drink of CAVA for free. There's also a nice restaurant near the hotel called L'Olive, good food and reasonable price, try the shoulder lamb. it's on Balmes, 47. 08007 Barcelona.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2004
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice hotel, shame about the staff.... Hmmmm! I am very conflicted as to what to say about this hotel. The location is great and for the price/star rating, the rooms are lovely.... very funky and modern. However, we booked a non-smoking room but were given a smoking room. When we requested a move, we were given a MUCH smaller room right next to the lift and a grumpy receptionist was quite difficult about it. Overall, the staff were ungracious and unfriendly. The room we ended up in (being punished for wanting non-smoking!) was a little claustrophobic. Would try it again but insist in my booking on a non-smoking room as high up as possible, and facing the courtyard... as the rooms facing the street are also a little noisy.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2004
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>clarabow35
<Content>Great Hotel. Great Location. The Hotel Jazz is a modern, chic hotel in a really good central location, only a short walk from Placa Catalunya and The Rambles. There were 16 in our party and all were impressed by the hotel and the staff. Sometimes a large party can cause confusion but the staff were both friendly and efficient and had our rooms ready for us when we arrived at 11am. The bedrooms were excellent with the most comfortable large beds. Our room had a door which opened over the street so we could take in the Barcelona atmosphere and Christmas lights. Breakfast is till 11 so their's no need to rush, but who wants to sleep in such a vibrant city. We paid 100 euros a night for a double room (拢68 approx.) really good value. I would recommend this hotel to anyone visiting Barcelona.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2004
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>ChristopherPrusaski
<Content>Location Location We've stayed at various hotels in BCN over the years, but the Jazz really stood out for us. We were skeptical bacause we only payed US124/night, but we were pretty blown away by what we got for the money.It's a new, sleek, and clean design hotel, but entirely without the design hotel attitude that you would find in big cities. The staff were just great to us (and bilingual). The room had a very cool flat-screen TV with lots of channels, the bathroom design was very modern, in room safe, extra blankets, a huge selection of toiletries in the bathroom, and a balcony with a pretty good view.But what we enjoyed the most was the location. As you've read in previous reviews, the hotel is basically a few blocks (2 mins. walk) from the Plaza Catalunya metro stop, yet on a pretty quiet (cf. with the Ramblas) street. Also with respect to some previous reviews, we didn't hear a peep from any of our neighbors the entire time, so there were no noise issues for us whatsoever.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Paul Kissack
<Content>WONDERFUL SURPRISE!! We loved the Jazz, stayed there for two nights November 10 and 11, 2004. Excellent central location, great modern, functional bedroom overlooking busy street, but no street sounds when window closed. The Jazz provided us with a great breakfast. Checkin and checkout were troublefree, staff very helpful. We'd not hesitate to use the Jazz again, or to recommend it to friends. We had learnt about the Jazz from its Trip Adviser rating. It earned its high rating, in our minds!  
<Date>Dec 2, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Barcelona break We spent four nights in the Jazz hotel from Nov. 16 to 19. A lovely hotel - friendly staff, great location, beautiful decor, comfortable bed, grand bathroom. Breakfast was not included in room price, but it was a fine breakfast, so we couldn't complain. Highly recommended.Phil Young  
<Date>Nov 30, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Myothercityisparis
<Content>There is no noise problem; great hotel I am writing from the hotel's free internet computer (1 of 2 available), right now. Great hotel. Good price through Expedia. There is no noise problem. Yes, you can feel a very slight vibration on the 1st and 2nd floor, but it disappears once you reach the 3rd floor. No big deal. Great location near the Ramblas. Don't take a taxi from the airport; our guy couldn't figure out how to avoid the pedestrian Ramblas zone, and had to circle around. Take the airport bus, and walk maybe 3 to 5 minutes to the hotel. Very modern. Someone said it felt like a W; I agree. One little trick; you have to leave your room keycard in a little slot just inside the door to use electricity! I guess that's a good way to keep electricity bills down.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hopeless
<Content>last reviewer must have fallen out with his wife!? I've just returned from 3 nights at the Jazz and couldn't disagree more. My room was excellent (on 5th floor) and suffered from no noise at all - and the trains were running, I used them every day. I would put this hotel at the highest end of value for money hotels I've ever stayed in and I take around 5 holidays a year. Do not be put off - it's cool, clean, comfortable, central and excellent. Oh and the little tapas bar opposite (on Pelayo - called something d'Or) was great for breakfast and lunch-time tapas - just watching Barcelona life go by. I'll be back.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>NO SLEEP AT THE JAZZ WHAT A NOISE!.... Just returned after spending two nights from 21 to 23rd October 04 at the Jazz. After reading the great reviews for this hotel i was not dissappointed with the good standard of room etc, however, when we went to bed on our first night, WHAT A NOISE! . We first thought it was the sound of the lift going up and down. The noise seemed to be every 10 mins or so and vibrated the room. We changed rooms to the second floor, but the extreme noise continued. The next morning we spoke with the manager and discovered that the noise was from the MET UNDERGROUND TRAINS! . The manager did not offer any apology for our lack of sleep. We did move rooms again to the seventh floor, but every seven minutes the same noise shook the hotel. This needs to be mentioned to guests prior to booking this hotel. I would suggest that you take some ear plugs if you intend staying here!  
<Date>Oct 24, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel After reading reviews booked hotel. What an excellent choice. Rooms excellent. Bed very large!!Buffet breakfast an excellent way to start day. Tea not too good though. Obviously not heard of PG tips. Sun terrace on roof an excellent idea after a long day treking round city. Do take coloured bus routes when legs are tired. Very good way to see city.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel! We stayed for 2 nights in the Jazz and talk about being in the centre of things! The hotel has such a great location right in the centre of Barcelona, close to La Ramblas  Placa Catalyuna (where the Airport bus leaves you  where you can pick up the city sightseeing bus which is a must and covers all the popular sights), lots of good bars (Scobies is a quaint little Irish pub down the street with friendly informative bar men) and a fantastic selection of restaurants (great Tapas can be found at Ciutat Condial). It was a great place to explore Barcelona  all its little side streets from. The Hotel itself is quite trendy, with plasma TV screens and a very subdued colour system. The breakfast buffet is worth making the effort to get up for - what a spread! The rooftop pool is quiet and sun loungers are available. Overall it was very clean, quiet  staff were friendly  helpful. Very well recommended!  
<Date>Oct 21, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent hotel in an excellent location Fantastic hotel. Rooms are of a good size, comfy beds, very effective and quite air conditioning, flat screen tv, piped music that can be turned off and a most wonderful bathroom, with the best shower I have ever had in a hotel. The pool is fairly small but a great extra for a city hotel and all the staff where very polite and helpful.The location is great just a few minutes walk from the top of Las Ramblas and the Plaza Catalunya where the Cafe Zurich is a great place for a drink and to people watch. Don't forget to try the bus trips around the city, definately the best way to see the major sites.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Can't fault this hotel...Excellent Hotel Jazz is a fantastic modern hotel in a great location. Rooms are a good size, very clean, and with A/C. The pool on the roof is an added bonus. Staff were more than helpful, and very friendly, I couldn't fault the service we received. We stayed for 4 nights, and the hotel Jazz contributed to one of the best weekends away me and my partner have had. I would highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hotel Jazz has it all Hotel Jazz had it all- great location, decor, price, comforts. It's in a great central neighborhood in walking distance to all kinds of restaurants, museums, shops and the subway station is less than a block away. Beautiful and comfortable inside, expecially the bathroom. Sleek and sophiticated. This place gave us the perfect rest from busy Barcelona. Definitely worth the affordable price.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel in a great city!!! My husband and I stayed at the hotel for 4 nights in August and we loved it! the hotel is situated a few minutes walk from Pl. Catalunya and La Ramblas. It is decorated very modern and everything is brand new! The room was great, we got an inside room on the 3rd floor and it was very quiet. The rooms are not huge, but come with everything you would want including a safe, minibar, and great tioletries in the bathroom. The bathroom is very cool as well, comes with a towel warmer. The staff were inceredibly helpful and service extended beyond our expectations! The pool on the roof was great, it is very small, but enough to cool you off and a great place to sit out in the sun and relax. Overall, I would highly recommend this hotel without a doubt! We got a rate of $120 a night which for this UNDERRATED three star was a pretty good deal. Barcelona is a great city with lots to do, don't miss the Fat Tire bike tour it was awesome!!!!!!  
<Date>Sep 19, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A great place to stay! Loved it! A great new modern place with all the amentities. Very good service with friendly employees!  
<Date>Sep 10, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved Hotel Jazz Hotel Jazz is brand new and in the heart of Barcelona. The staff is very friendly and helpful. The morning buffet is great as well as the Jazz Bar in the evenings. The rooms are modern and decorated in a simple, sophisticated way. The room includes a radio system and flat screen tv. The roof is the best part, there is an awesome pool to enjoy as well as the scenery. Ladies if you want to shop, you couldn麓t ask for anything better with tons of stores just outside your doorstep. If you like the W Hotel, I guarantee you will not be disappointed.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>fantastic perfect location, great rooms and swimming pool. one of the best weekends ever and the hotel contributed in a big way....... p.s love the seagull noise by the pool... ;-)  
<Date>Aug 25, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel, but service very poor My partner and I had a lovely weekend staying at Hotel Jazz, and we both couldn't get over the size of the bed, and how tastefully decordated the rooms were, but the service was very poor for a new Hotel. I waited in the bar a good 10mins before I had to go back to Reception to ask for service, and nobody was about even at the front desk, but I definitely would go back!  
<Date>Aug 24, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Banjoman2007
<Content>New and Wonderful! My son (18) and I stayed at the delightful Hotel Jazz for four nights in early August. The location is fabulous, the service excellent, and only the breakfast spread became somewhat tiresome... All subways stop nearby and you can get anywhere in the city from Pza Catalunya. Our room was modern and a nice size with all conveniences (great bathroom). Oh鈥?the rooftop pool was lovely, but contained some very unpleasant chemicals (anyway, you should just go the beach!). This is a new and swanky, boutique hotel and I believe it has restaurant plans. I think I would rather stay in a new hotel in the city and not be concerned about air conditioning or street noise that go with some of the older facilities. Barcelona is eminently walkable 鈥?just avoid the Ramblas after walking there once 鈥?take a map to navigate the old parts of the city.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JillCox
<Content>Highly recommended We stayed at the Jazz hotel for 4 nights in August and thought it was perfect. The decor was modern and original with all mod cons and some nice touches. The bed was the biggest I have ever slept in (8 foot?!), and the bathrooms are lovely. It is all spanking new and has an upmarket feel with little touches such as Plasma screen TV. The rooftop pool area and views should not be missed, although it is not deep and they had overdone the chemicals. In contradiction to one or two other reviews I read we found ALL the staff to be delightfullly cheerful, friendly and helpful. Most importantly, the location is superb, being 3 minutes walk from the top of La Rambla.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>julieei
<Content>good hotel Stayed here 4 nights. August 2004.good location, spotless hotel, good rooms and extras in bathroom...pool not bad for a 'cool off' post shopping.Staff (Bar) alittle short at times-?need more staffLifts not stopping on correct floors!I WILL stay there again.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2004
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>They need to fire the staff and start over. The hotel itself is very nice. Stylish decor. A great location. But the staff ruined my stay for me. We had planned to stay one night at Hotel Jazz and then travel down to Sitges. But upon waking up on the day that we were supposed to check out, we decided we wanted to spend two more nights in Barcelona. I called the front desk and asked if we could stay for two more nights. The woman told us no problem. After a day of sightseeing we arrived back at the hotel to find that our card key to our room did not work. We inquired at the front desk. Apparently the computer had checked us out. While one clerk checked on the matter, another walked over to inform us that if we wanted to stay the night, we would have to pay a higher rate (40 euro higher) and that it was impossible for us to stay the next night. We informed him that we had cancelled our reservation in Sitges after being told that we could stay two more nights. After much back and forth, this very unpleasant man agreed to call the woman that we had spoken to that morning to confirm that we had been told that we could stay two more nights. He picked up the phone, spoke to someone is Spanish, then turned to the other clerk and said OK. No apology. Just attitude.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lovely, well-placed hotel A very nice hotel in a great location about five minute's walk from Las Ramblas. If you are travelling to Barcelona in the Summer the rooftop pool is a must, I didn't think the beach was great. The pool is only open from 10.00 to 20.00 so no early morning or late night swimming. There is a very faint rumble audible once the metro starts running but most people will leave their rooms at this point to see the city. The metro stops at around midnight so it shouldn't impinge on your sleep. I found the staff helpful and they spoke a little English which was very usefull. A lot of the Catalans seem to speak some English and are normally pretty friendly. The city itself is beautiful and well worth visiting and I would recommend this hotel as an ideal base from which to see the city. Ignore the bad reviews and don't eat in the Hard Rock Cafe as it's terrible. But there is a Starbuck's nearby!  
<Date>Aug 3, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Be Sure to Use the Tub! What a wonderful hotel. Textbook boutique (so expect small), the Jazz is brand new and therefore pristine. Rooms were too hot until I was able to figure out the thermostat (ask for help...it is not intuitive). Great linens, decor, and bathroom...be sure to take a bath...one of the BEST. Rooftop pool is a must. Did not eat there...but why would someone visiting other than on business eat at the hotel? Get out and experience the wonder that is Barcelona...greatest city in the world! HIGHLY recommend.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>superb! This hotel is reall fab-we had searched alot for hotels before going and all of them seemed really over priced for the standard but this hotel is great value with excellent standard(we booked with veneer which is a good site).The decor of the room is beautiful and very modern and the beds are huge!The staff are professional and helpful.very accommodating.The roof top solarium is gorgeous eventhough the pool is only for cooling off-dont leave the hotel without checking it out!We stayed for 5 nights altogether on two different ends of our week away-the first 3 nights on the 7th floor and the 2nd 2 nights on the 5th floor-each was equally lovely-you can hear a very distant rumbling of a train but only if you listen out for it (i was trying to listen for it because of an earlier review i'd read!)The location is so good-5 mins from las ramblas yet you dont feel like you're in a really touristy area-there's a lovely tapas bar across the street which is well worth trying out especially if you find 12 euro per person a bit steep for breakfast in the hotel! and the tourist bus for sight seeing stops outside the hotel!We loved this place and will go back there when we're in barcelona again.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Amazingly stylish and good value We stayed for six nights at the Hotel Jazz and we had a great time. It was the best 3* hotel I've ever been in! The rooms have the 'wow' factor upon entering, and the bathrooms are great. They've definitely succeeded on creating a boutique hotel for people on a tighter budget.We found the service really good, and the staff very helpful, and sitting on the roof terrace with drinks, overlooking the city was a holiday highlight. It's really well located, too.The only criticism, if I were to have one, is that the pool is quite small and shallow. But this is made up for because it's pretty darned good for a 3* city hotel to have a pool at all, and it's always good fun cooling off at skyscape level!  
<Date>Jul 27, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel for the price Spent two nights at the hotel jazz. The staff was great and the decor of the hotel is really nice.Think of the W Hotels but without the heavenly bed.The location is very central. The only down side was that the pool was only 4-5 ft deep. So swimming was not really possible.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Hotel Jazz was superb,staff excellent,location central! The hotel was booked at very short notice (there was a food festival on) Everything was brilliant the staff the decor and its position was very central. We would visit again and certainly recommend it!  
<Date>Jul 13, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great little hotel, bad service i will have to agree with the previous review and say that service is definitely lacking at this hotel. most of the staff is not very helpful. for example, i asked if there were any little towns they recommended my boyfriend and i travel to for day trips - the lady at the front desk took out a card and scribbled the names of a couple of places and that was that. gee, do i know how to get there? maybe it would help if i knew which train or bus to take? someone forgot to tell the staff that working in a hotel entails providing services to your guests. we also waited a year and day for our hotel room and the gentleman who was arranging for our room was very forgetful about checking on it. however, that's not to say that everyone at the hotel is a clueless, unhelpful daydreamer. there was one gentleman who was really friendly and ready to help. during our stay there, he got a new hair style - he's shaven his head bald. so, don't bother asking anyone for anything unless he's bald. on a more positivie note, the hotel's location is great. it's just a couple of blocks from plaza catalunya and las ramblas - close to metros and buses. i did hear a slight rumbling now and then, but not to the extent that it would disturb my sleep. my boyfriend didn't notice it and he's the kind of person that would. then again, we were in 4th floor room facing the inner courtyard so maybe it wasn't as bad. the rooms are a decent size and everything is very modern and clean, including the bathroom. we were lucky we didn't need a lot of help from the hotel as we had friends who live in town. if you're traveling to barcelona for the first time and don't plan on doing on a lot of research on your own, this may not be the right place for you. for me, i wouldn't mind staying here again if i could get the same rate. i definitely wouldn't spend $200 a night on the room though. i booked this hotel for 100 euros a night which i thought was a great deal considering the location and how nice the hotel is compared to other 3*. for $200 a night, you should consider getting bancotel coupons and staying at the majestic on paseig gracia for 150 euros or other 4/5* hotels for the same rate with the coupons.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The worst and most unaccommodating staff!! The Hotel Jazz has the worst customer service I've ever encountered! After reading the good reviews on this website (I should have paid more attention to the bad reviews), I booked a room at this hotel. I walked into the hotel and attempted to maneuver my heavy luggage down a flight of stairs in the hotel lobby towards the reception desk. Despite the fact that they were not busy helping other guests (the lobby was empty), none of the three men behind the desk made any attempt to help me (an obviously small girl with very big luggage). Then, sleeping was a problem because there was a consistent rumble and vibration that came every 10 minutes (I suspect it was the metro). On my last morning, I woke up late because the rumbling noise kept me up most of the night. I called reception to ask for a late check-out of 20 minutes...yes, only TWENTY minutes and was told NO! They claimed they had a lot of people checking in and needed the room right away. It's ridiculous that they could not spare the room for 20 minutes, especially for a guest who could not sleep because of noise resulting from the location of the hotel. I looked out in the hall and despite the fact that it was already 11:55 a.m., the maids were not yet on my floor and no one had knocked on my door that morning, so I know they had not yet reached my room. There was no way the maids were going to reach my room within the next 25 minutes. The staff simply did not want to be accommodating. I quickly threw all my stuff into my luggage and as I was walking out the door at 12:10 (keep in mind that check-out is at noon), the phone ran. It was front desk asking whether I was going to check out or whether I wanted to pay for the additional night. It was absolutely ridiculous and the worst customer service ever. One of the main aspects of a comfortable stay is that the staff cares about you and tenders to your needs. This was completely lacking at the Hotel Jazz. They got me in the door, got my $200/night, and that's all they cared about. I plan to be in Barcelona again soon, but that was my last time at the Hotel Jazz. Don't make the same mistake as me -- heed the warnings contained in the bad reviews on this website.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent My husband and I recently visited Barcelona and booked into the Jazz Hotel which we booked online. After booking online before and been disappointed it was a nice surprise to see that the accomodation actually looked like the photos we had seen on the net. The hotel was spotless and had a nice modern feel. It was also in a very good location, just 5 minutes walk from La Ramblas and close to the metro.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fabulous   showReview(2222424, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 25, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Staff   showReview(2217510, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 23, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic   showReview(2174729, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 9, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolutely fantastic   showReview(2151674, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 4, 2004
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Terrible, bad experience!!!   showReview(2094106, 'full');   
<Date>May 21, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful   showReview(1925092, 'full');   
<Date>May 11, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect hotel in a perfect location   showReview(1843345, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 27, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved Hotel Jazz   showReview(1765690, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 6, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a Hotel   showReview(1754637, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 30, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>escalivada
<Content>Tr猫s bon h么tel   showReview(23157972, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 1, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Novembre 2008.Barcellona 猫...   showReview(22305929, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 27, 2008
<Rating>3	2	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>sylcou18
<Content>Hotel tr猫s bien situ茅   showReview(20775973, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Nino73
<Content>Molto bello.Posizione strategica.personale disponibilissimo!   showReview(20756331, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Muy buen hotel, volver铆a a ir...   showReview(21364913, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>boralyon
<Content>excellent hotel   showReview(20495182, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>H么tel tr猫s bien situ茅 par...   showReview(20770247, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 28, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>arebours75
<Content>Excellent hotel au coeur de Barcelone   showReview(19957184, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>geogeo_emma
<Content>Bel hotel en plein centre de Barcelone   showReview(19300013, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Parfait   showReview(19630410, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 23, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>pas de mauvaises surprises   showReview(19630408, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 22, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Perfekte Lage   showReview(19630404, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 8, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Id茅alement situ茅 et tr猫s confortable   showReview(19630405, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 7, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>TonioVoyage
<Content>Un excellent choix pour concilier la localisation, le confort et le prix   showReview(18295408, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>eigentlich Super   showReview(18528383, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 11, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel confortable et t猫s bien situ茅   showReview(18528382, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 6, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel Jazz Barcelona   showReview(16597727, 'full');   
<Date>May 31, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>War alles in Ordnung   showReview(16597728, 'full');   
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>emplacement id茅al pour d茅couvrir Barcelone 脿 pied   showReview(16597726, 'full');   
<Date>May 20, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>super hotel nous y retournons avec plaisir   showReview(15563303, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 28, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>hotel contemporain, agr茅able et bien situ茅   showReview(15563301, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 10, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Beste Lage, aber nicht ganz leise...   showReview(15563294, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 9, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Rechi
<Content>Lage, Lage, Lage   showReview(14859375, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel moderne et bien situ茅   showReview(15563297, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 3, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>standing, calme et tr茅s bonne situation   showReview(14726801, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>situation id茅ale   showReview(14726800, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(14726799, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 14, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Rodam贸n
<Content>Muy buen hotel   showReview(13382750, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 8, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>cyber-mely
<Content>Tr猫s sympa, tr猫s bien plac茅   showReview(13063200, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ideale Lage   showReview(13199153, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 9, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bello, se non fosse per il metr貌...   showReview(13199152, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>sofToulouse
<Content>tres bon hotel   showReview(12261441, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Minetos
<Content>Un bon h么tel   showReview(11982630, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	3	3	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Excellent h么tel 脿 proximit茅 du...   showReview(12649926, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 19, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>gekaweb
<Content>hotel propre et bien situ茅 mais tres bruyant       salle de bains  
<Date>Nov 5, 2007
<Rating>3	4	2	5	5	3	4	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Probabilmente ci tornero'   showReview(11303358, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 3, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Excellent emplacement et piscine fort agr茅able sur le toit   showReview(11303359, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 30, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>chridave
<Content>Y aller pour la piscine...   showReview(8502991, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Immer wieder gerne...   showReview(11443979, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 23, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ba322
<Content>Chambre magnifique       hotel jazz  
<Date>Jun 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ravie...   showReview(11419303, 'full');   
<Date>May 1, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>heleneverdon
<Content>extraordinaire   showReview(7440138, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MadridBetty
<Content>Fantastico y espectacular   showReview(7299680, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 9, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>HOTEL...   showReview(11418197, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Uno stile minimal, per il massimo confort e per un soggiorno speciale   showReview(11385681, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 30, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>zeBen
<Content>Hotel impeccable, mais au centre de l'activite虂 urbaine !   showReview(6113245, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 13, 2006
<Rating>4	2	1	2	1	1	1	1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Auf jeden Fall wieder   showReview(11377532, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 4, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Pour prendre ses habitudes 脿 Barcelone...   showReview(11338796, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 31, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Quelle piscine !!!   showReview(11338795, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 29, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Superbe chambre moderne...   showReview(11418198, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 16, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr sch枚nes, sauberes Hotel in...   showReview(11418200, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 20, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Wundersch枚nes Hotel, neu und...   showReview(11418201, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 14, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

