<Author>NewOrleansMorgan
<Content>Hoitel Mela a great stay Lovely hotel, well located on 44th... near 5th avenue shopping and broadway theater. The staff is exceptionally friendly and helpful-- even printing our boarding passes when we had computer trouble. Bed extremely comfortable and bathroom roomy.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>letsgosc
<Content>Great Location and Service My wife and I stayed at Hotel Mela a couple of weeks ago and really enjoyed it. The location is fantastic and the staff were very attentive. The room was small but sufficient with modern decor. We will definately be back!  
<Date>Dec 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>JAXLAT
<Content>Great Hotel I stayed at Hotel Mela last weekend (12/12-12/14) with my mom. We visited NYC to celebrate her birthday and do some shopping. I absolutely loved this hotel! The location was so convenient to everything. Even though it was only 1/2 block from Times Square, the street was surprisingly quiet and we heard very little traffic noise. The front of the hotel was decorated beautifully for Christmas, so that left a great first impression! The lobby was sleek and stylish, but still very cozy. And it always smelled really good...like baked apple pie or something! And I can't say enough about the staff. There were always several staff members in the lobby ready to help with whatever we needed. Check in/check out was quick and simple. Everyone was just so courteous and helpful. The room was a little small, but we expected that and understand it's typical in the city. It was stylishly decorated, though, and VERY clean. I loved the beds - so comfy - and there were plenty of pillows. The bath products were amazing! What a great experience - I would definitely stay here again!  
<Date>Dec 17, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>RazzTazz23
<Content>The Mini-hotel wasn't for me. Good location. Mediocre at best. My work moved offices near Times Square and I figured i'd try a few different hotels to figure out what is best. I tried the Hotel Mela on this trip and overall left unimpressed.The good: Staff is very friendly and helpful. Location is near Times Square. Very easy to get to.The bad: I didn't really enjoy my stay. The hotel's elevators are tiny. I'm not a big guy, but they were very cramped and could hold 3 or 4 people max.My room was tiny. I stayed in their standard queen room and it was the smallest room i've ever stayed in. It had no closet but instead had a tiny Armoire. The problem was this was filled with a safe and a wine chiller and wine glasses, thus hanging any clothing in it wasn't possible. Thus, I hung my clothes in the bathroom. The room also had a small flat panel screen and two tiny nightstands attached to the wall. The room was dark and not well lit. A nice light would have been great. The room had no room for my luggage and was about one foot larger than the bed, thus, there was no place to sit or walk around. It was the bed, a door and the bathroom. Not very comfortable - reminded me of the Ibis hotels in Europe + Ikea furniture. The bed was comfortable and clean though. But the floor had stains on the capet.The bathroom was marble and nice but not very clean. The shower had a number of hairs in it and some slight mold build-up. I couldn't get hot water at night, though it worked to some extent in the morning. The bathroom was small but fairly comfortable. H20 spa amenities were nice.Other problems are thin walls. I heard absolutely everything my neighbors were doing and could hear all conversations in the hallway.Also, there is construction next door which promptly woke me up at 7AM. The construction was extremely loud. If I knew about it, I wouldn't stay there until it was over.The Mela was in the middle of my price range. I think there are much better values around Times Square than this place. And rooms nearby at other hotels are much bigger.If I got an amazing deal (i.e. under $200) i'd consider staying here, but otherwise there are much better choices.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AnonIreland
<Content>Nice Stay, a little expensive for what we got! Stayed at Hotel Mela for our honeymoon from 9th to the 16th of November. The location is fantastic, it's the best thing about the hotel! Literally a couple of minutes from Times Square. Reception staff were not overly friendly but were not rude either. Our room was small but more than adequate for the two of us, very clean and we couldn't hear too much noise from outside. We were out and about so much we hardly spent any time in the room! There's a restaurant next door to hotel but we didn't eat there. Virgils BBQ (take a left when you leave hotel), lovely food, huge portions though so be careful!! You might want to share! Red Flame (diner style) close to hotel (take a right when you leave hotel) very good for breakfast. We paid éˆ§?157.23 for seven nights, room only, having stayed at Hotel Mela I couldnt really fault it but I think we paid over the top for what we got, the only thing I could think is we were paying for the location which I said before was fantastic. I'm sure there are alot more reasonably priced hotels in Manhattan with equally as good a location. I would return to Hotel Mela only if we got a very very good deal!! John Paul was very helpful and friendly so thank you!! New York was great and will definitely return again.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Bettenandi
<Content>Mediocre at best Went to NYC for a Holiday getaway and expected more for the $$. We arrived the Friday after Thanksgiving and they only had 1 person working the front desk. Staff was friendly, but overwhelmed, things took a long time; and definite favoritism given to ladies walking in with full length furs and entire Louis Vuitton luggage collections. Room was VERY small, but clean. The bed was extremely uncomfortable, pillows hard as rocks and thin. We switched rooms after the first night and those beds uncomfortable as well. I was surprised, as well, at the lack of local knowledge with the staff. There was only one concierge 'comfortable' answering questions and giving suggestions. The two times we asked for restaurant suggestions were disappointments. The first time the food was awful, we wanted to simply leave. The second time, the restaurant wasn't even open.I was disappointed and will never stay at Mela again.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	2	3	3	

<Author>LLL253
<Content>LOVED IT Stayed 2 nites at Hotel Mela before a cruise and loved it. Great location, friendly staff, right in the middle of Times Square. Room was decorated funky gotta love Boutique Hotels. Will defintely stay again next time in the Big Apple.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	4	4	

<Author>executraveller
<Content>Not interested in creating return business In the past our company used this hotel for several regular meetings, booking blocks of rooms at a time. The one time our meeting was rescheduled, the hotel refused to even offer credit, despite the fact the rebooking was months in advance. Had they worked with us, they would've received about 40 nights per year from our company, instead, we will take our business elsewhere.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jddphd
<Content>Like everyone else's experience - clean, a bit small, but very nice Free wireless, a clean room with a great bed and linens, and excellent for business or pleasure... what more could you want? I got this on a deal for about $240 a night and was extremely pleased with my experience. The location was not a major factor for me except that it allowed me to easily walk to the train station. It's right at Times Square though, so one hopes it doesn't become touristy over time. Definitely one to keep on your list though. Top marks all around.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>dizzyy
<Content>Would recommend and stay again Staff very helpful. Arrived around lunchtime and was able to check in without any problems. Rooms are very small, so would go for bigger rooms next time. Very clean and excellent location. Close to 5th ave, times square etc  
<Date>Nov 21, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>wvu95
<Content>In Town for Business I booked my stay at Hotel Mela based upon many positive reviews. I was in town for a 1 day training, so I wanted a place close to Times Square, and wireless access was a must. I was staying by myself, so I reserved a double bed. The room was somewhat small, but it was fine for one person. The room was very clean and well kept. The staff was very friendly, and helpful. It was about half a block from the center of Times Square, so you are basically about a 1 minute walk from everything. Keep in mind that being this close to Times Square also means it won't be as quiet as some other places, but you usually don't go to NYC to sleep. Overall I'd say my Hotel Mela experience was more than worth the amount I paid for my one night stay. I plan on staying there again on my next trip to NYC.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bergdoff
<Content>Loved Hotel Mela Hotel Mela is a great boutique hotel in the heart of Manhattan. It is clean, quiet, and has great amneties. The service is exceptional. It is close to everything. I highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Snoppy07
<Content>great hotel in a great location Stayed at the Mela from 09th to 12th November 2008. Hotel itself is located in an adjascent street right a few meters away from Time Square. We stayed in a Mela Suite which was not as big as I was expecting but like everybody says... it s New York. The room was extremely clean and for once we had an impeccable bathroom. Decoration was pleasant and furniture cozy.The room was located on the 14th floor and away from the street (back yard) it was even possible to sleep with open windows (I know we are Europeans !!). From reception staff to cleaning staff all were very helpful. We only used the restaurant next door for our breakfast and it was perfect. On the day of departure we were able to keep the room until 1400 which was great. All in all excellent hotel. The only negative points I have to make is first the size of the room and second the almost non existent possibility to store any clothes/luggage. I will definitively come back to this hotel in the furture.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>DStrips
<Content>Excellent value, great location The Hotel Mela is located less than half a block from Times Square. The friendly staff was very helpful. The room was well appointed with a very comfortable bed, flat screen TV and a great work area (Executive room) with free WiFi that worked very well. I find this hotel ideal for business travel. Rates are reasonable and there is a very nice and reasonable restaurant just outside the front door (Bistro, which handles room service for the hotel).  
<Date>Nov 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ceguy
<Content>Great Weekend ijn NYC My wife and I had the opportunity to stay at the Hotel Mela in Times Square, NYC, this past weekend. We have stayed there at times in the past, and as before we completely enjoyed our visit. The hotel location is great any time you would want to visit NYC, as well as the continuing high level of service provided by their entire interactive staff. Furthermore, the room we stayed in provided all that we would need for our visit. Overall a great weekend!  
<Date>Nov 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MaraisMarais
<Content>Great Hotel and Location (but look out for the cab story) Great modern boutique style hotel in a great location (you can see Times Square from the bedroom window albeit 100m away or so). A little pricey but that's no different to hotels generally in this area. Rooms are great. Only thing to watch out for is the story that's fed to weary travellers about catching a yellow NY cab or the hotel's valet airport service. We were told that the NY cabs running to the airport run on the meter so will be astronomically expensive in traffic. This is a lie - the yellow cabs are a flat rate ($55-60 including the bridge toll and the tip). The hotel car is $75. Soured the end of the trip slightly but otherwise a great hotel.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>AnnaNetherlands
<Content>Hotel MEla, the BEST hotel in NY for the BEST price! If you ever want to visit NY and have a pleasant stay in a hotel, you should definitely book the hotel Mela, it is perfectly situated, 44street (30 meters from times square) , very clean, twice a day the rooms are checked, rooms are comfortable, everything is in the room and you have your own private bathroom. The price is really good, cheap for what you get compared to other hotels in NY. we were there as a couple but the hotel has facilities for every one, fitness room, congress room and a restaurant next door. You can order breakfast deliverd to your room and the staff is friendly and trustworthy. (we forgot our sunglasses and watch but it was send overseas within 4 days) Overall it was a pleasant stay and we would definitely book the hotel for the next trip.the photo's on the website of the hotel and made by others on this site are the same but the rooms really are like that. What you see on the website of the hotel is what you get.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>SKOMP
<Content>Great Hotel! My husband and I have just returned from a 4 night stay at Hotel Mela. The trip was to celebrate my husband's 40th Birthday. We had never visited New York before and were so impressed with the city and the Hotel. I would most certainly recommend this hotel without hesitation to anyone who is planning on visiting the city. The location is perfect and central to everything you need/want to see. Styling in the hotel is really good - modern and clean. Rooms were exactly as they appreared on the website.We arrived just after 2pm - the desk staff were friendly and efficient and our room was ready (I had read other reviews where the rooms were not ready, so was half expecting this). The room, although small, was very clean and had everything we needed. It was serviced every day of our visit with clean bed linen and towels. The concierge were great, helped us out when we were totally unprepared for very heavy rain! They also managaed to hail a cab at 5pm during rush hour!We hope to go back to New York one day and would book this hotel again! Loved it!!  
<Date>Nov 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>RochandSte
<Content>Great Stay at the Mela - Cant really fault Good Points:Very helpful and friendly staff - always will to help on receptionExcellent location - just off Times Square to one side and 5th Ave the other, but not noisy at all.Small and cosy - not a large chain hotel so had quite a personal feel and wasn't over crowded.Rooms - We booked with the Amex rate so had a free upgrade to a King-size Superior room which was ample in size and nice and modern with a plasma TV and nice bathroom. Superb shower, very powerful and just what you needed after walking around all day!Bad Points:The view from our room was straight into another building and what we think was a dance studio who had a view straight into our room - but with the curtains closed this wasn't really a problem and we weren't there to stay in the room much any way!Overall we really enjoyed our stay here and we will defiantly be going back. Its also worth registering with their website for email updates as they give you promotional rates! If you do stay here check out the Red Flame Diner just one block to the right of Hotel Mela who serve a really good breakfast!  
<Date>Nov 2, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>traveling_esquire
<Content>A good boutique hotel for which I have mixed feelings Stayed 1 night at Hotel Mela with my husband. We were in town to see a show. Since our stay was over a Saturday night, I did quite a bit of searching, both here on Tripadvisor and on the internet, for an acceptable rate for a good hotel. Since Hotel Mela is ranked in the top 50 hotels in New York here on Tripadvisor, I thought it would be a good choice. I was fortunate to secure a mela on sale rate for a superior queen room. I was prepared for the extremely small rooms as other posters had noted.Americans, be prepared: this hotel is smaller than what you are used to. The lobby is small, the front desk accommodates 2 people behind it at most, and the concierge desk is about 4 steps behind the front desk. There are 3 elevators, two of which are small, one is larger (an ADA requirement for wheelchair bound guests). The two small elevators can accommodate 4 people with one carry-on type bag each. If you have lots of luggage, wait for the large elevator, which is the one on the right. When we arrived at noon, the front desk advised us that our room was not ready, but that we could have another room instead. It turned out to be an executive King room, which is two room categories up from what we booked. The upgrade was free. This room was probably the same size as other hotels I have stayed in in New York, including both the Hilton Times Square and the Westin Times Square. The room was beautifully appointed; posters' photos accurately depict the room and bathroom. We found there to be enough space to handle our toiletries in the bathroom, and plenty of space in the main bedroom for us and our things. Again, if you were staying for an extended period of time, I would recommend this size room. The room was also very clean. This room was an interior room as I think another poster described, so the view was none to speak of and there was minimal natural light in the room. It did make for a very quiet night of sleep, though. Here's where I start to have mixed feelings about the hotel: Service was hit or miss. We did not get the same service that others on this site have raved about (i.e., all employees smiling, saying hello, etc). Our front desk clerk on check-in was adequately polite. When we checked out, the same clerk who checked us in simply asked if we had any other charges, and when we said no, thanked us for our stay and that was it. The couple who checked out behind us were helped by the other front desk clerk, who asked how their stay was, offered to hail a cab, etc. Not that I really care for the in-your-face-what-can-I-do to-help-you? style of service, but I do like to be checked up on and at least offered some courtesies. We also had a strange incident in our room. When we returned from the show at around midnight, we noticed that our room was turned down (ice in the bucket, chocolates by the bed) but that the bathroom floor was covered in about an inch of water. We called the front desk and they sent and engineer. The engineer could not find the source of the water, and then called for a mop and bucket to clean it up. He did, and the bathroom was restored to order in about 15 minutes. However, the front desk never checked up on us, or offered to move us, or extend any other courtesies for this inconvenience. To their credit, they did handle the situation very quickly and professionally. There were some room quirks that also lead to my mixed overall impression: The flat screen TV stands on the minibar. The snack basket part of the refreshment center sits in front of the TV. You have to move the snack basket every time you want to watch TV. The in-room coffee maker did not work well. The door to the room itself had gaps around it on the top and sides, letting light in. I realize that these are quite minor and personal issues, and you may not feel that these are huge concerns for you, but I wanted to explain why I feel the way I do about the hotel.Overall, as I said, I have mixed feelings. Would I stay here again? If my first choices in the City were not available (Westin or Hilton) and I got a good rate, then I would. You really cannot beat the location -- 1/2 block from times square. It is very clean and modernly decorated. It does offer room service from 7am to 11pm, and the prices were pretty comparable to other room service menus I have seen. Do not let my review discourage you. Hotel taste is very personal. I guess I prefer the big brand hotels, but I do like a good boutique hotel with great amenities and outstanding service. This is a good boutique hotel. It had great amenities. However, I think service could have been better, since this is where I think boutiques have the ability to compete and win repeat guests. Try it. It's definitely a good option for a New York stay.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	4	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>ticboom
<Content>Great Hotel! Booked this hotel as part of Virgin Holidays package. Was really impressed with our stay. The hotel is in a fantastic location, 1 min from Times Square. The staff are all very friendly and helpful. The room itself was small but is to be expected in New York. The bathroom was amazing! It was very clean and we ordered room service twice and it was excellent. I've stayed in other hotels in New York, that I have been happy with, but this was by far the best.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>UkEmma
<Content>Everything you need! Stayed at the Mela last year with my other half. Yes the rooms are small, but not as small as I expected! We were there for 4 days sightseeing and had plenty of room for what we needed (which was one suitcase going out and two coming back packed full of bargains!)Location excellent - Time Square 2 mins walk away but on a quiet enough street so that you can sleep!The maid service was amazing! Went out the first day and came back to find the room not only spotless but the clothes we had left on the floor folded on the bed (we didnt leave clothes on the floor after that as we felt bad!)All in all we were more than happy for the price (hotel + flights 600 each). Staff were helpful and even sorted tickets to a show for us!  
<Date>Oct 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>PhTravelling_Guy
<Content>Tiny rooms (but don't take this against the hotel since it's typical for NYC) I booked a Superior room. Tiny. Just enough room for me and my large sized trolley bag, carry-on bag and laptop case. (I was travelling for three weeks on a combination of business and pleasure. Hence, the extra luggage). If you're two adults and you're brigning more than one carry-on luggage each between the two of you, may I advice that you book at least a Deluxe (make that an Executive) room? I can almost guarantee that a Superior room will not have enough space to comfortably fit the two of you and all your luggage.That having been said, Hotel Mela's superior rooms are actually quite well-sized for New York at its price range. As a result, one can't really complain about the size of the rooms.As for the room itself, it was actually nicely equipped and very clean. It had a 26-inch LCD TV (large enough without overpowering the room, not to mention that the channel selection included HBO), mini-fridge, fully stocked mini-bar, a closet and a safe large enough to accomodate a laptop. The closet, however, is close to useless. Once you factor in the safe, the bathrobe, the ice bucket and the glasses, there's just about enough room to hang one jacket. That's it. Nothing more. The bed was quite large and comfortable. I like the flexible stalk reading lights. The bathroom was pretty nice and larger than I expected it to be. Combination tub and shower, by the way, rather than simply a stand-alone shower. The wallper and the floor's tile pattern give the bathroom a degree of personality that I appreciate. It was likewise well stocked with the necessary toiletries. All in all, the room was very clean, well maintined and looked quite new. However, it was an interior room in a low floor (3rd). Hence, no view, very little sunlight plus some sort of machinery right outside. The good thing was that the machinery was never on during the night (or maybe it was and I was able to sleep through the hum).The staff were nice in that they actually took the time to greet their guests and smile. Did I mention the free internet access via Wi-Fi?Location wise, it's great if you love Times Square. The hotel's not exactly on Times Square but very close to it. Hence, you get easy accessibility to Times Square without having to deal with the crowds and the noise of Times Square.All-in-all, I'd have to rate the Mela a 3.5 rather than a 4. The less 0.5 is for the tiny rooms. Yes, yes, even if I know the room size is about standard for New York City at its price point (i.e. USD350+ per night). After all, I can still express my displeasure at that state of affairs, can't I?  
<Date>Oct 19, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	4	-1	4	

<Author>LondonGirl24
<Content>Fantastic I really like this hotel, the rooms are small but I think that is typical for NYC. My room was light and fresh and immaculately clean. The staff were very friendly and courteous and couldn't do enough to help. Check in was quick and easy and the location is fantastic. I am a regular business visitor to NYC and this is my favourite boutique hotel so far. I don't know how it compares price-wise to the others, but i don't think you'd be disappointed with your stay here. My tip for NYC is to get out of Times Sq and head two blocks down to 9th in the evening, you get much better food, away from the bustle and experience what NYC is really all about!  
<Date>Oct 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>sarhm
<Content>Big hotel with lack of space       Superior room  
<Date>Oct 8, 2008
<Rating>5	4	2	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>gnawh2
<Content>Nice Hotel... Stayed here 4 nights for a business trip. Friendly staff. Got an early check in at 9am at no added cost. Hotel is centrally located in the middle of Times Square but tucked away in a smaller street so it's not as noisy or hectic. Very modern, clean, and well decorated. Nice H2O ammenities. The only problem I had was the dark room. Lighting was poor and no sunlight from the window since there's another building in very close proximity to the hotel. For the price at $525 a night, I would probably stay at a bigger hotel with a view (or sunlight)  
<Date>Oct 7, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>PLAJD
<Content>One night stop in NY Stopped one night on Manhattan en route on a business trip.Usual small room I have stopped in in previous visits to NY, but smart, clean and comfortable.Location of hotel just off Times Square but far enough away from the bustle.Staff very friendly and courteous, breakfast served next door or as room service.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>gogoing
<Content>Book Hotel Mela for your stay in NY city. We just got back from a two night stay from Sept.25 to the 27th. Hotel Mela is within walking distance to anything and everything , 1/2 block from Time Square. There's a food and beverage market type store about three doors down. You can buy wine, water, fruits, cereals, bagels, medicine, anything really. As for the staff at Hotel Mela, well, they just care. They're efforts are genuine and you can feel that they really want to make your stay a positive experience. I happened to be there on my 40th birthday, and around 5pm, there was a knock at our door. It was the concierge delivering a delicious melt in your mouth chocolate cupcake and a Birthday card signed by several of the staff. It was a nice extra touch. Tirone at the Your Desires desk was also helpful and pleasant. Check in was quick and professional. The room was NOT too small, clean and well decorated. The elevators are small, but 5 adultes fit fine (with no luggage). It's about a 10-15 minute walk from the NY Penn Train station. I would return to this hotel with no hesitations. Did I mention the awesome price of 159$ night (on the 26th).  
<Date>Sep 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>rakibey
<Content>Nice Hotel Mela offers small, but very nice and fresh rooms. Cleaning was perfect, and concierge offered good service for us, booking our restaurants etc.Hotel is located perfectly, just a 100 meters from Times Square, and a walk away from everything...Really recommend a visit to Nobu restaurant and Buddha Bar Restaurant. Both places offers great food and a fantastic atmosphere.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	3	4	5	

<Author>sarakid
<Content>Great Hotel Frienfly Staff My friend and I just returned from a 5 day stay at the Hotel Mela. Great location, very helpful staff. Reviews we read on line made our decision to book here. Glad we did. A tad pricey for the amenities available, but we would return.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2008
<Rating>5	3	3	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>kpny
<Content>Warning: Do Not Stay At Hotel Mela Our stay at Hotel Mela was a nightmare! We booked a superior room online through Expedia.We arrived around 10PM at night for check in. The front desk manager told us that the hotel was booked to capacity and all he could offer us was the room with a double bed. He told us that the Mela double bed was about the size of a queen bed so we were not too upset. However, upon entering the room, we saw a tiny bed around the size of a twin mattress. We immediately contacted the hotel manager for a room switch. The manager was both rude and unhelpful and said there was nothing he could do that night. Needless to say, this was completely unacceptable and ruined our first night in the city. Another huge dissapointment was the hotel quality. Advertised as a 4 star property, it did not meet the standards of a typical 4 star hotel in NYC. Hotel Mela lacked in decor, ambiance, and taste. I've stayed in many other hotels in the city and hotel mela does not compare. The rooms were extremely small even by nyc standards and similar to the size of a closet. Overall our stay was horrible and I would not recommend this hotel to anyone, unless you like overpriced, tiny rooms and rude staff.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	1	1	1	

<Author>wsf0817
<Content>Mela was Great! The Hotel Mela was an amazing hotel right in the heart of the City. I have been to NYC several times but truly enjoyed our stay at the Hotel Mela. The hotel is very unassuming from the outside, but you walk in to a very modern entrance / lobby and are promptly greeted by extremely courteous staff.Check-in was a breeze but as we headed up to our room we began to encounter the only negative that we had heard, the tiny stature! The elevators were barely big enough to fit 2 people and luggage.The hotel design is very modern, simple and clean. The room was more of the same, great style and very little space. The bathroom was decent sized for the size of the room and very functional. We had an interior room and had no noise issues, although it was a bit dark even with the lights on though. All in all you aren't staying this close to Times Square to hang out in your room and getting around was very easy. The staff was great about getting cars when we needed them and everything seemed like it was within easy walking distance.The stay was perhaps highlighted by the staff's reaction to an injury sustained on the last evening of our stay. They truly went above and beyond to make sure we were comfortable and assist us in getting to the airport.The bottom line is that the Hotel Mela is an amazing looking hotel, in a great location with a great price. All of that comes with the only (very minor) negative of low square footage in your room.I would definitely recommend the Hotel Mela to fellow travelers.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>susieos
<Content>Fantastic service I am a travel agent booking hotels all over the world, so we are very very fussy. This hotel offers customer service at its' best. Great location, great service, nothing is too much bother. The rooms are great, cheaper than some of the well known names and frankly far better. Stay here and give yourself a treat with staff who really do genuinely care. We will continue to book our clients here, as it gives a great satisfaction to offer them such an outstanding property.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Amanda0408
<Content>Perfect Fashion Week Hotel       Hotel Front  
<Date>Sep 13, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>biztravelerBoston
<Content>Times Square Gem Very pleasant place to stay for business. The hotel is in the middle of Times Square but does not seem hectic or too loud. I stayed there for work and the hotel room accommodates guests that need workspace. My only suggestion is to move the clunky desk lamp as it takes up too much room for a laptop. The business center is also easy to use however I was told by management that they just removed the mouse pads. Please make them available for customers that want to use them. I plan on staying at Hotel Mela in October for another stay. This is a nice place and very reasonable priced hotel.Staff is professional and efficient. Room service is really fast and the food is great.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>travelcouple-0
<Content>Excellent Cozy Hotel My husband and I stayed at the Hotel Mela in July. This is a great little boutique hotel. Very clean, retro decor, safe and great staff. We were expecting the room to be tiny since everyone states that they are, but it was fine. It is not huge but all you need is a bed, bathroom and window, really. The size was perfect for us. So close to Times Square, we walked everywhere around NYC. For an idea if you've never been to NY, here are some approximate walking times for areas: Times Square is about 1 minute from the hotel, Central Park is about 15 minutes from the hotel, Chinatown and Little Italy are about 1-2 hours from the hotel and the financial district is about 5 hours from the hotel. These are all walk-shop-stop for a drink times, of course. Overall, great stay at this hotel. I recommend. Tip: walk everywhere to see the city, then take the Grayhound Bus Tours to see the city from a different view. And, eat eat and eat in Little Italy! Enjoy!  
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>The_Travel_princess1
<Content>The truth about the standard rooms- an objective review       lovely large tv and mini bar stuff  
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	3	4	4	

<Author>JenCericola
<Content>Wonderful hotel experience I spent this past Saturday night, August 23rd, at the Mela hotel in New York City. We were having a girls weekend, and the four of us stayed the night. From the moment we arrived at the hotel, we were greeted with such a warm feeling. The front desk girls were so polite, and helpful. Tirone helped us with our plans for that evening. He reccommended an amazing italian restaurant. He set us up at one of the best clubs, and told us all about the nightlife information we wanted to know. John Paul was so helpful as well. He helped us with our bags, and gave us directions, and was so pleasant about it. The rooms were very clean. The room service was extremely fast. Every employee of the hotel always greeted us with a smile. I think the hotel experience is what makes the trip. I couldn't have asked for a better hotel. I was extremely happy with the entire stay. I will absolutely be booking future trips with the Mela hotel.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>FabCanada
<Content>Love the Mela First time to NYC and had a fabulous time. Hotel Mela was a great place. Rooms are small, but you have everything you need. Most important the rooms were very clean. The staff were very freindly and helpful - always willing to help at anytime no matter how late it was. We will be definately be returning to Hotel Mela NYC and would/will recommend it to freinds and family.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	5	5	5	

<Author>niptuckman
<Content>Hotel Mela All the Way!!! Great Location! Amazing Hotel! Superb Service! Great Value! Definately will be staying there on future visits! Wouldn't stay anywhere but Hotel Mela!!!  
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Grandcentral
<Content>Lovely hotel, lovely location Confused by the various websites and guidebook recommendations I asked a friend if they would recommend the place they stayed at in NY recently (March). He did and since the price seemed not too unreasonable given the location I booked online through the website. There were a few complications with our arrival and so I rang the hotel to ask questions regarding possible changes to our booking and found the staff very helpful. This continued on our arrival and we found the hotel more than lived up to expectations. The location is fantastic, a stones throw from Times Square and central Manhattan, while having no noise problems and the hotel was clean, well-equipped and very comfortable. I will definitely be recommending it to other friends heading that direction. An added bonus is a lovely Scottish bar and restaurant next door.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>lupifamily
<Content>Great experience The hotel was excellent - the room is new and very clean. Small, but nice. The staff from the front desk down to the cleaning staff are very friendly and quick to help. They booked us a restaurant one night which was fabulous. I would have no problem recommending this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>MontrealTrixie
<Content>Personal Service at Hotel Mela I travel to New York on business and this was my second stay at the Mela. When I called them, I told them that my room the first time was very small and almost felt claustrophobic. They promised to give me a bigger room this time. When I arrived, they gave me a suite to make up for the first time! Now that's what I call customer service! The room was spacious and very comfortable, and of course having a separate living room was very very nice! They also had me fill in a personal prefernce form prior to my arrival, so there waiting in a gift bag was my favorite snack and drink - nice touch, and certainly welcome after spending a day in the city working. The lobbly is small so the staff get to know you - very personal. I will definitely go back!  
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Travegirl
<Content>Great location This is a great location if you want to be close to Times Square and Broadway without being right in the middle of the noise  crowds. Everything is within walking distance. Plenty of restaurants, shopping and shows nearby. Rooms were much smaller than we were used to, but it was basically a place to just rest our head at night  freshen up between all the activities we were taking in during our week-long visit. Hotel staff were very friendly and went out of their way to make our stay more enjoyable. We will definitely stay there when we return to NYC and will recommend it to our friends.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CityFan15
<Content>Great New Hotel From making the reservation to checkout, my experience with the Hotel Mela was excellent. I don't think I've ever been treated so politely and thanked as much as the staff did. The room was nice and modern, and if you travel to the city often, you know what you are getting size-wise. The room is very bright and cheerful and the bathroom is nice sized as well. I have stayed in another botique hotel one block closer to 5th, and this hotel is brighter, more spacious, and I was not using a sink the size of a Campbell's Soup can!! Great bath amenities as well.The Hotel Mela will definitely be my new NYC hotel!! Incredible value!!  
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Reattaman
<Content>Sweet Little Hotel in the heart of the Big Apple Hotel Mela was a pleasant surprise on my latest trip to NYC.Nestled in the heart of Manhattan and only a stones throw from Times Square, Hotel Mela provided easy access to my Manhattan accounts. Most were within walking distance or a very short cab ride. The accommodations at Hotel Mela were first class. The decor was trendy, the bed soft and comfortable, and the staff was very friendly. I will make sure I stay at Hotel Mela on future trips.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>GlobetrottersSweden
<Content>Nice place in the middle of it all. A clean, modern and comfortable room. The service was all right and it is pretty close to everything!  
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	3	3	4	

<Author>elainewny
<Content>Mela is great I visit NYC on business frequently and have had the pleasure of staying at Hotel Mela two times now-three next month! I found the staff to be very friendly and helpful and the rooms are clean and have everything you could want. I have recommended this hotel to many people who also travel to NYC, either on business or pleasure trips. I will continue to frequent it and recommend it to all. It is cost effective, in a great location (W44th St near Times Square) and has a friendly helpful staff. The restaurant, French Bistro style, attached is also a rare find.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Mississaugamama
<Content>Excellent value, very well-situated and well-maintained hotel The hotel is very well-located. Rooms are small, but clean, very comfortable. Staff was very accommodating. Fitness room small but well-equipped. Restaurant beside hotel provides room service and has an excellent menu.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Dreamluxury
<Content>I get Mela I stayed with the Hotel Mela during the July 4th weekend. I am a hotel guy myself in Washington DC. The first thing I noticed was the activity on 44th street when I drove in and the fact that I was in the heart of Times Square. The last time I was in the city was 4 years ago and I stayed at the Mansfield Hotel. When I stopped in front of the hotel I was immediately greeted by a bellmen who was well groomed and very pleasant. The check in process was warm as the bellmen immediately got my name and introduced me to the front desk. It was busy in the lobby and there was lots of activity. It appeared they had a manager in the lobby to ensure guests were being handled ...we in the luxury industry consider that to be a nice WOW factor. At any rate the front desk agent John Paul (also called JP) was so welcoming. So far I was happy to be at the hotel. I was also the lucky candidate to get upgraded to the Executive Room. After reading all the reviews from this site on the Mela I was happy to be upgraded. MY ROOM WAS GREAT and so spacious. Many people mentioned their small room. I have to throw it out there YOU PAY FOR WHAT YOU GET!! I was planning on paying for the upgrade but since this was the weekend apparently the hotel as room sometimes to upgrade complimentary. I also booked the hotel via there website knowing that my chances were better in getting that upgrade.I also wanted to mention though it was busy I felt as if I were in a residental building which was really cool. I couldn't afford a resident in Manhattan so I was pleased to pretend.When I got to the room I was very happy. The room was very spaciious great design element. Warm colors and a crazy yet fun (they call it) spoil me basket. The room had all the bells and whistles but more importantly one of my favorite products called h2o bath amenities!!!!! If you haven't tried look it up as it is great. Great flat screen tv and it even had a tv extended arm very hip.Oh I failed to mention I was only in for two nights but man it felt like so much more. I needed to secure tickets to In the Heights so I called down and asked for the concierge. Another cool thing they don't use that name instead their called agent of desires. So I spoke to Tirone who was simply to accommodating and was kind enough to book my tickets for Saturday via the box office. My friend finally showed up late that Friday and was also quite impressed with the hotel. I was very surprised that every employee seem to take the time to say hello or have a great day or some other greeting...I am talking about every employee. My friend and I went to dinner at the Bistro next door which was the hotels restaurant as we were craving french cuisine. Good experience because the food was great the service ok.When we returned to the hotel we finally got to get in bed and man I was the happiest guy ever as I was walking all over. The beds are pillow top with some great sheets and comfy pillows lots of them. I ended up sleepying past 12pm and quickly called down and apologized as check out out was at 12pm...opps. They were very accommodating and even asked if I wanted to extend at a deep discounted rate as they were slow. You probably can't appreciate that as hoteliers strive to get their staff to ask these things and it is not the easiest task. I really enjoyed the Mela and simply wish I could live here...fantasy again. I will be coming back during the Labor Day Weekend as their running some great deals!! Oh I signed up for the Desires Program which is guest promotions program that gives you the best pricing during various days and weeks throught out the year. I have come back to my hotel and am using the good things that I discovered at this great hotel. Special thanks to JP, Tirone and our housekeeper Mindy!!  
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>pekoUSA
<Content>Great stay Stayed two nights here for a girlfriends' weekend. Other than slight issues with the beds (we had asked for two singles, but had to do with a double and a rollaway), the place was wonderful. Cute decor, helpful front desk, and walking distance to everything. Yummy French bistro next door (Saju)!  
<Date>Aug 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>doryw
<Content>Just As Wonderful The Second Time! My daughter and I first discovered the Hotel Mela in the summer of 2007. We were in the city for a broadway show and absolutely loved the hotel. It was stylish, very clean and the staff could not have been more gracious. The location is perfect, right in the heart of the theater district and close to restaurants and shopping. When we were planning our trip to the city for this summer we knew right away where we wanted to stay. I will admit I was a bit concerned that maybe it would not hold up to the standards of last summer. I am happy to say everything was as fresh and clean and again, the staff could not have been more helpful and courteous. We are already looking forward to a return trip next summer!  
<Date>Aug 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>DHRMontreal
<Content>Gem of a hotel - will return Excellent value. great location and service. We had booked a room with a king size bed so the room size was fine. Terrific location for catching shows. Had breakfast in the restaurant and really enjoyed the meal and the service.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	5	

<Author>gillylass
<Content>Wonderful Staff! Great Hotel!! The hotel was beautiful and in a great location. The rooms were small but luxurious. The hotel staff was sublime. The concierge services, or as they call it agents of desires were fantastic especially a fine gentleman named John Paul. I look forward to staying here the next time I am in Manhattan! There is a wonderful Scottish restaurant /tavern next door that I could not seem to leave!  
<Date>Aug 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JWB_8
<Content>Loved the Mela! We stayed for five nights in the hotel. We traveled with our 19 month old son. The hotel was very child friendly. I was a little worried about the noise, given the location, but we couldn't hear a peep! We would go back in a heartbeat! The staff were incredibly friendly, the rooms were clean and you could not beat the location! The front desk staff were always helpful, giving us tips on where to go for meals, what places to see, etc. We did not feel the room was small. It was a great size. We look forward to our visit again!  
<Date>Aug 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ShirlnJoe
<Content>Great times square visit As a first time Hotwire user, I was pleasantly surprised by HotelMela. It turned out to be, yes small, but clean and comfortable,and just a short walk from anything to see in New York. Itprovided a great place to sleep and recover from our endlesstreks of sightseeing and plays. Really nice,.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mitchl6151
<Content>Kind of liked the Hotel Mela Check was very slow - they seemed as though there was not a room available, but the room number typed on the document that I had to sign for credit card validation had indidcated to same room that they gave me keys for.I entered the room and it had been used as a smoking room! I asked to be moved. They downgraded me to a standard room on anohter floor.Check out was even longer - 20 minutes +/-. then the internet was down, so they emailed my bill to me.Just was not a smooth operation!!!  
<Date>Jul 30, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	4	2	3	3	

<Author>dreamakerOakville
<Content>Perfect Location This was my first time in New York City, but I have travelled extensively as a Travel Agent all over the world. This hotel was fabulous. Yes, the rooms where small but very upscale. There was no external noise even though this hotel is 1/2 block from Time Square. The staff always had a smile and where extremely accommodating. If you like small boutique hotels with atmosphere and at a great price, this is the place for you. I will definitely be recommending this hotel to my clients.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RangerEh
<Content>Hotel Mela - Great oasis off Times Sq Hotel Mela is a half block off Times Sq. Check-in and general staff service was superb - asked for a room with 2 twin beds and was able to get it. Room was very nice - smallish, but that's NYC. Very clean, well-lit, nice decor and layout (light blue wallpapers, very pretty and soothing), excellent housekeeping service. Tiny but efficient elevators. View across the street to a theater; first room we were in had a view across the alley to the brick wall next door. Who comes to NYC for the view from the hotel room anyway? 7th floor room overlooking street leading to Times Square at Mela was quieter than 48th floor room at Millenium across the street. As you leave the Mela nice but pricey bistro next door to the right, very nice grocery store / deli next door to the left, with hot tea and snackies on your way back to the room. Superb location for theaters, subways, shopping. This is my favorite of 3 hotels in NYC so far and I would very happily stay here again on future visits.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>OwlClub
<Content>Great Value and Location Great location and value for a weekend stay. The room was fairly typical size for NY. However, very modern bath and room accessories. The staff was very friendly. I would definately consider a return visit to this hotel.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>pic15
<Content>Not a four star but a nice, relaxing hotel with a good staff in NYC This hotel has a great location near the theater district yet is still somewhat removed from the bustle of Times Square. The staff was extremely nice as well as helpful. The hotel has modern furnishings and is tasteful. The ELEVATORS ARE EXTREMELY TINY.......even the little people from the Wizard of Oz would have felt cramped. The fitness area is nice and the hotel has two computers available for use w/printer.....if you have your laptop wireless internet is available in the rooms.Our room was small and had no view but the bed was comfortable and the bathroom was a decent size. Everything was tastefully decorated. Also the standard 12:00 p.m. checkout was nice.The hotel restaurant (Saju) is actually pretty good and attracts actors from the theater across the street. We had the seafood pasta and the pork tenderloin. The food was excellent but our waitress was more interested in chatting up the bar patrons than checking on us. St. Andrew's pub is right next door and is a good place to grab a sandwich or late night pint.All and all we had a very enjoyable stay at the Hotel Mela but I have to confess that I would not stay here again unless we got a good rate on hotwire, etc. Anything more than $200 a night for a room here is not worth it. Also the hotel, though nice should be classified more as a 3 or 3.5 star as opposed to a 4 star.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>sjn66
<Content>All was well at the Hotel Mela We booked a girls trip to NYC and stayed at the Hotel Mela. Due to a booking error, we didn't have enough beds for all of us during the All Star game. While most hotels might have said so sad too bad, the Hotel Mela staff bent over backwards to get accomodations for all six. They put us up in the penthouse, and took care us all week. The Hotel Mela has an excellent staff from housekeeping to concierge, they are top notch people pleasers. The rooms and elevators are pretty small, but the personal service we received made up for the close quarters. We came to know many staff by name, and they treated small town ladies like VIPs.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>sillygirl49
<Content>Pleasant stay at Hotel Mela Stayed overnight at the Hotel Mela while visiting my son who works in Manhattan. I chose this hotel because of its proximity to the Minskoff Theater and the Lion King. The show has a permanent home at that theater right on Broadway at the heart of Times Square. This hotel, tucked in a quiet part of West 44th Street, is so very close to Times Square and that is a big plus. It has a very small entrance and lobby area and the elevators are small, but it is very clean and well done visually. I had a deluxe King room which was certainly big enough for two people to relax comfortably. The air conditioning with digital wall thermostat was great and the room was very clean with modern, up to date interior design. No exciting NYC view if you are looking for that, go somewhere else. Everything I needed was in the room, but no coffee or tea if you want that. Bountiful snack and wet bar, but I would never pay for that. It was nice to be able to stick my drink inside the fridge though...the bed was moderately comfortable but I have back problems and most beds bother me. Lots of pillows. I would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	5	5	-1	5	3	

<Author>glazen
<Content>As good as "W", just short of "hip" Having lived in the city for 8 years, I now stay in hotels when I return, and usually stay at the Grammercy Park Hotel (very fine, totally cool place). This time I was in the mood to stay near Times Square so I tried Hotel Mela. It is absolutely the most convenient little hotel steps away from all the broadway action, so is perfect for tourists for that reason. My first impression was that it was fresh, new and intimate, and extremely friendly, starting at the front desk. I paid $269 at Travelzoo.com, and got a king sized bed in a small room, but not too small for comfort. The room felt very clean and new, with a small desk, free wi-fi, a small flat screen tv, nice little closet and a comfortable but not entirely deluxe bathroom. Nice products there. I didn't really appreciate the huge basket filled with pricey temptations, it took up too much space to move it out of the way! The bed was extremely comfortable, the room was quiet and dark at night. There really is nothign to complain about, and it is positively a big step above the usual chain hotel.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JayBansal
<Content>Great Location, great stay! The hotel is in an excellent location - a stone's throw away from Times Square! We had a party of 4 and had booked the Mela suite. W arrived very early and had to wait for the roon to be free. The hotel management offered us 2 rooms rather than the suite so we can settle in as we were so early. We were given an executive suite and told to collect the key for the other room later that day. Later that day, I got the key to other room and discovered that the room was MUCH smaller than the executive suite. When I mean small I mean after putting a suite case in the room there would be no room to walk around! I asked for my room to be changed and the hotel accomadated my request!I was shown the Mela and Desires suite and must say that the Mela suite was very small and the Desires was a little bigger but still not as big as I had expected. We were fortunate that we were given 2 rooms as we had much more space - with all the shopping to do in NYC, space in the room is a must!The staff were wonderful! Always polite and very helpful! The hotel is modern and the house keeping was excellent as well! A great location - being a stone throw's away from Times Square! I would defnitely stay there again!  
<Date>Jul 18, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>molly6111993
<Content>Loved It! We stayed at the Hotel Mela for 6 days and were completely delighted by our experience. They upgraded us to an executive suite, which was small, but lovely. The location cannot be beat. The room was very quiet and extremely clean. I cannot impress upon you enough how wonderful the staff was. From the maid-service to the desk clerk and concierge, everyone was great! There was always someone to greet you as you left or entered the hotel and they were all very friendly and so helpful.Please consider staying at the lovely Hotel Mela, you'll be glad you did!  
<Date>Jul 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>O2BCyrus
<Content>Great Little Hotel No One Has Ever Heard Of I found Hotel Mela on a Hotels.com search, although I called them to book the room. I wanted something in the Times Square area of NYC that was clean and (by New York standards) affordable. Hotel Mela got good reviews, and now I must add my review to them -- it was a very pleasant experience.The rooms are very small (our room was 190 square feet total, but the hotel disclosed this fact when I booked; a larger room was available for additional cost). My main concern in booking a hotel is that it is clean, and Hotel Mela fit the bill. I must say that I felt quite comfortable with the cleanliness, and that is usually my biggest issue with hotels. Hotel Mela is quite new and modern. The staff is friendly, knowledgeable and very helpful. The building itself is small -- a mere sliver of a building in the overwhelming Times Square neighborhood, and you might miss it if you were just walking by. It's well worth looking for, however. The location is superb (an easy 2-3 blocks to the Times Square subway stop, located just a half block off 7th avenue on 44th Street). In fact, I would expect lodging so conveniently located to command a much higher price.We had a waterfall shower and a mini bar in our room, as well as an armoire and two full nightstands with drawers. Free wi-fi is available throughout the property. Like the rooms, the elevators are small but serviceable. When we arrived, the air conditioning unit was not putting off cold air. We reported it to the concierge, and by the time we returned to our room, it was actually chilly in there. The hotel does not have ice machines for guests to use, but ice buckets are provided -- just call the front desk and they will happily deliver.There are plenty of good restaurants and cafes within a few blocks of Hotel Mela, including Saju Bistro that is located next door (which also doe Hotel Mela's room service), another pub with heartier fare on the other side, and a cafe across the street. The finest feature of Hotel Mela is most certainly their staff -- every person with whom we spoke was so friendly and helpful, from the time we booked our room until we checked out. Overall, this is was a really excellent experience (I am tempted to give them five stars, but I remain a rather tough evaluator who reserves five stars for the truly rare and extraordinary). If/when I head to NYC again, Hotel Mela will be my first call.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>tonysenior
<Content>Absolutely Not the choice in time square Hotwire Rates this hotel 4 stars, my rating is 2.5 stars at the most, there are definitely better hotels in time square at the same price range and here is why: very small rooms, no storage space at all, no room service, no doorman, no view at all, you canéˆ¥æª› close the drapes so privacy is out of the question, the other rooms across from your window is about 3 yards away and guests can look directly in to your room, I find that a bit offensive, since the room is so small you really donéˆ¥æª› have the option to avoid looking out the window and in other guests rooms once in a while. On this trip I also stayed at the millennium Broadway itéˆ¥æªš just across the street from Mela, and I paid the same rate as I did at Mela, and the 2 hotels are world apart the rooms at millennium are more then twice the size of Mela, and almost every room comes with a view of time square, I will write a review of millennium, also I have stayed at Marriott marquis its just across time square and about 50$ more a night but its diffidently worth it, my advice is do not stay at Mela choose one of the many other nice hotels in the area at the same or even lower rates then Mela.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	1	3	2	2	1	

<Author>shadow1972London_ON
<Content>Loved this hotel! This beautiful little hotel is located on West 44th Street...literally a 1/2 block away from Times Square - within walking distance to the big theatres which eliminated the need for a car - which was nice because driving in Midtown Manhattan is CRAZY!The staff were all very professional (not a single bad apple - OK...pun intended!), courteous and friendly. We stayed in the deluxe king room on the 2nd floor. One small inconvenience - don't stay on the second floor if you can help it - the gym is on that floor and if someone is watching the TV, you will hear it in your room. Other than that, I would have NO hesitation in staying at this hotel again.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>NYTraveler7376
<Content>Awesome!!! My wife and I stayed two nights at the Hotel Mela, for our 2 Year anniversary. In all respects, it was a perfectly enjoyable stay. The room was extremely comfortable, with several subtle appointments and touches which certainly did not go unnoticed. John Paul, the Concierge, was very gracious and human to us, even when suggesting places to go for dinner and nightlife. Likewise, the rest of the staff was always friendly and accommodating. Five Stars all the way for the Hotel Mela!!  
<Date>Jul 11, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>vrhee
<Content>A nice find near Times Square My wife needed to book a three-night stay for a group of us near Times Square as part of a birthday celebration weekend for me and came across the Hotel Mela. We've been to New York on a handful of occasions, and I have to admit that I had never heard of the Mela. But what a delightful surprise!For starters, we received nothing but friendly and attentive service from the entire staff for our entire staff -- not to be underestimated. And OK, yes, the room size is a bit... cozy, shall we say, but they were very clean, very comfortable, and for the most part, pretty quiet for being a couple of blocks from the bustle of Times Square. (And honestly, how much time do you actually spend in your room when you're visiting the City?) If you're used to the size of European hotel rooms, this is right up your alley. And, of course, it's hard to beat the location.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>tgodwin
<Content>A very Romantic weekend! My husband and I were looking for a hotel that gave us a private and romantic feel. Hotel Mela was perfect!!! We loved everythingabout it. We were pleasantly surprised at how friendly everyonewas. We have never experienced such a friendly staff at any otherhotel. The hotel was also very clean. We will definitely bestaying here again, very soon. Tonya Godwin  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>NorthernNYTraveler
<Content>Hotel Mela: Perfect In Many Ways! We were fortunate to stay at Hotel Mela for five days, June 28--July 2, 2008. Our son gave us a Christmas present of 5 days in NYC to see a Broadway Show and 3 NY Yankee Games before the old stadium closed, so he had chosen the hotel and paid for everything! We had read the reviews stating that the rooms were small, so we were prepared. We did find it a bit tight but it was beautiful...very modern, very clean, with an extremely comfortable bed/pillows. It is close to just about everything...shopping, subways, theaters, restaurants. The Bistro, their restaurant next to the Hotel, was a wonderful place for breakfast, too. But most of all, I praise the staff...they were ALL very helpful, and pleasant; they seemed to enjoy and take pride in their work, from the housekeeper, to the maintenance person to the receptionists. We LOVED this hotel and would definitely return if we were in the area again.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Lorencita
<Content>We love Hotel Mela!!! Our trip to New York was amazing! Hotel Mela is beautiful, comfortable and just a step away from everything. The staff is exceptional. There is always a smile and a friendly hello from housekeeping, front desk, etc... Ian and Freddy were great from the moment we checked in up to our departure. We had dinner at Saju, ( located right next door) and I have not had such great service in a very long time. Our server Elyse was very pleasant and a true professional. I just don't want to stay anywhere else in NY. Thank you all for making this trip a memorable one.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>smpAtlanta
<Content>A new Hotel Mela fan I recently stayed at Hotel Mela for a 3-night trip with my niece. Having read the other reviews on Trip Advisor, I was a bit concerned about the size of the room. Happy to report that there was no need for any concern. The Deluxe Twin room that we were booked in was plenty big for the two of us. The hotel is in a great location, the staff is incredibly friendly and the rooms were very clean. I will definitely stay at this hotel again and will recommend it to others.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Treestump
<Content>Hotel Mela. Great Location. Great Service. The Hotel Mela is steps away from Time Square. Within minutes we passed a bunch of Broadway playhouses, and so much glitz and glitter that our midwestern eyes sparkled. We were on a baseball weekend, and we caught the subway a few blocks away and quickly made it to Yankee Stadium.The staff was exceptionally friendly and always helpful. The only regret we had was that we couldn't stay longer. There are so many famous landmarks with walking distance that you can't turn a corner without seeing something you recognize.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Bueller1
<Content>Clean, but not for light sleepers First, the positive points about Hotel Mela -- My room and the hotel itself was very clean. Reasonable-sized bathroom with nice shower. Very comfortable beds. Great proximity to Times Square and several theatres. Free wifi.Now, the negative points -- Thin walls and windows allowed for a lot of street noise to come into the room. Plus, there are no heavy curtains to close on the windows...only very thin drapes that do not block out the light or noise (or nosy folks across the street). Rooms were also very small, with no desk or chair to work at.I go to NY quite a bit on business, and given the choice, I don't think I'll be staying at the Mela again, simply because I know there are nicer hotels in the area.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>NeilwTurner
<Content>Fantastic Hotel We stayed here for 6 nights ( May 20 thru 26) and the hotel is fantastic. All of the staff are very very helpful and always greeted us on our way in or out.Our bedroom was superb and room service was great. The bathroom had a nice shower and the room was very well appointed with TV, aircon, fridge, internet and a very comfortable king sized bed.Matching this wonderful hotel is its position. One block from Times Square ... you cannot get a better hotel closer to the heart of NYC.We would recommend the hotel to everybody ... great value ... great position ... great people ... great hotel  
<Date>Jun 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>truebluetoo
<Content>Loved the hotel Mela! I stayed at the Hotel Mela for 3 nights in April. It was a wonderful location and a fantastic hotel. It was just steps away from Times Square on a quiet street. The Lobby was small but beautifuly appointed and the front desk staff were wonderful. The maids were a bit annoying on out last day as they were hanging around outside out room waiting for their tip. The room was cleaned well though. The rooms are tiny but there was enough room for the 2 of us with no problem. Use the top of the wardrobe to store your luggage to make more floor space. Upon inspection of our room we found that the air con had leaked onto the carpet but the front desk made up for it by cutting our room upgrade fee in half. The beds are very tiny...in fact everything about this hotel is small scale including the elevators but that was part of the charm. A very tall person (over 6') would not fit in the bed very well. I hope to get the chance to go back to the Hotel Mela.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Beckert
<Content>Great location, great service, great stay in NY We had a fabulous stay in NY at the end of our honeymoon at Hotel Mela. Located just off Times Square it is close to transport, fun, food and entertainment.The service was fantastic from the time I contacted them to enquire about rooms and restaurants were recommended and booked for us, directions given and any additional requests catered to. We were lucky enough to get a room upgrade so our room had an additional area to put cases etc. but I can imagine that without that we would have been struggling to make room for all our stuff. Worth enquiring about a larger room when booking.The decor was great, H2O products in the bathroom and tea and coffee pods available in the room. Our only small complaint was that while room was cleaned and serviced every day re-fills of tea coffee and product were haphazard and I had to ask for extras for my morning cup of tea.We would definitely stay here again and would recommend to anyone coming to NY looking for reasonable priced comfort with a bit of style.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>NiagaraFallsCanuck
<Content>great place to stay! The Hotel Mela may not have the grand lobby of some of the larger hotels but the clean comfortable rooms more than make up for this. Every employee we encountered were friendly and helpful.Every request we made was handled quickly and courteously. As this was our first trip to New York we struggled to pick a hotel and we suggested this hotel to our travel agent. It turned out to be a great choice and we will not hesitate to stay here on our next trip to New York. We will definitely recommend this hotel to our travel agent and anyone else looking for a great place to stay in Times Square,New York City.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MrsDallas
<Content>Compact and bijoux Spent a week at The Mela in late May. Rooms tiny but very comfortable and stylish, though given the free wifi a desk area would have been helpful. Excellent and reasonably priced minibar service including large basket of goodies, replenished daily. Housekeeping excellent. Sadly our view was of a derelict wall and there was a ventilation fan outside which was somewhat noisy but really, how much time do you spend in a New York hotel room? Bathroom also compact but well kitted out. Air conditioning excellent and reception staff very helpful (we had to move three times on arrival - first room non-smoking, second next to a very noisy generator) and nothing was too much trouble. Location good but a bit near the mania of Times Square for my liking though to others this may be ideal. The bistro next door is excellent. I would stay again but would perhaps go for the extra cost of a larger room.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BigBoolie
<Content>Hotel Mela is Our New Secret This was our second visit to Hotel Mela within the last six months and we were just as happy this time as the first. It has a very small lobby that always smells delicious. Very clean look. Conceirge desk at the front when you enter the revolving doors and the front desk. When you walk to the elevators there is a very small sitting area with a couch and a couple of chairs.Rooms are very clean. Decor is pleasing to the eye. Modern.I liked the location because when I walked out the front door and to the left I was only half a block from Broadway. At the corner is ABC studios which always has something going on for the morning news. Couple of doors down is Starbucks (need my starbucks in the morning). When I turned right out the front door I was at 6th Avenue. Across the street is Cafe Un Deux Troiswww.cafeundeuxtrois.biz123 W 44th StNew York, NY 10036(212) 354-4148Get directions55 reviews, menu, and more ç¦„I love, love, love 1-2-3! This is a convenient place, with a lovely...Small Boutique Hotel with Excellent Service. I highly recommend it. If you are ever in the need of a great Realtor in South Florida please check out this website http://www.DeniseMadan.com or call 786 344 8004.The Madan Family  
<Date>Jun 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>VancouverCDN_travlr
<Content>Loved it! I won't lie: the rooms in this hotel are TINY! So much so that I, a 5'3 105 pound person, had to walk sideways to get from my bed to the washroom. Despite that, I had the best time there! The rooms are extremely clean, the washrooms come with amazing H20 amenities and the hotel is as centrally located as they come. Add to that the wonderful staff, who never once hesitated to make reservations and check up addresses for me, and you've got the perfect NYC experience!  
<Date>Jun 8, 2008
<Rating>5	4	3	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>supersta
<Content>Clean, Convenient...SMALL. We stayed at the Hotel Mela at the end of May for four nights. Our room wasnt ready on arrival but the check In process was pretty efficient and staff were ok too.The problem with this hotel is the size. We were given a room which was absolutely tiny...and i mean tiny. We have stayed in rooms described as small before but this was as joke. We barely had room for the suitcases on the floor it was more like a cell!After a call down to the front desk I was informed that we would have to pay for an upgrade. I was pretty annoyed with the hotel by this point but then miraculously they managed find a bigger room in the same category...so no extra charge. This new room was much much better. Far more room, looking out onto the street and enough room to sort outselves out in.So thats the bad bit. The good points:Great location - less that 2 minutes walk to Times Square. Very central, walking distance to many sites like Rockerfeller, Grand Central Station, Macy's etc...Rooms are generally very clean, modern with nice bathrooms. The LCD TV is also a nice touch. We didnt try any of the food as Times Square is right outside.Overall its a good choice provided you get a nice room. If I had to stay there again I would have to be guaranteed a decent size room before I booked.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2008
<Rating>2	3	4	5	4	3	3	4	

<Author>johnandellen
<Content>Cold Showers This is in a good location if you like Time Square. The bed is really comfortable, but if you book on Hotwire, be advised you are booking a double bed- not a king, which we paid $30 extra when we arrived. The restaurant next door was nice, and the food was good. However, the shower did not provide hot water, which is a bummer. Also, I went out for Starbuck's-right around the corner and was greeted by a nice pile of throw up from someone partying in Times Square the night before. I told the staff that they may want to clean it up-it was right outside the main door. When I got back with my coffee, I was mortified to see pigeons eating it!!! Yuck! 30 minutes later-still there. Double Yuck!!!Not worth the price, but the bed was comfty. Good Luck!  
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mausHaus
<Content>Clean Clean Clean and Quiet I've stayed at the Mela three times now and each time it exceeds expectations in terms of cleanliness. The rooms are also extraordinarily quite compared to most in this area. Amenities aren't super fancy but you really can't do better for price/value.Great for business travelers who need to stay near Times Square.  
<Date>May 29, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	4	5	3	4	4	

<Author>CbGKent
<Content>Loved the mouse Having to go to New York on business can be a pleasure.Normally I stay at the Kintano in New York ( Stay there if you can) but due to cost cutting I was put in the hotel Mela.I got into New York early Sunday afternoon and we had requested an early check in so we could get some shopping done before work.I was not able to check in till 3.30 pm because the rooms were not available. While the staff apologised they did not seem in a hurry to sort out the issue. I had to keep pushing them.Anyway once I got to the room it was furnished in a modern style and the bathroom was a good size.( I had a delux room)The much mentioned bath products were not replaced once used which was a disappointment.The bed facing the door was not fitted to the edge so there was a nice gap around the door which let in light and noise ( the 4 am pick up of the breakfast menus on the doors).Beds were really comfortable and I was settling in well until my 2nd night when I heard a nice rustling noise in my mini basket and low and behold I found a mouse eating the chocolate.I was too jet lagged to complain that night ( I must have been really jet lagged) the next morning the staff did look mortified.They paid for my mini bar bill ( I wish I had more than one bottle of water now) and gave me and my boss a free breakfast at the great Bistro next door.While checking out the very helpful door man said they had a similar problem with a mouse 3 weeks before. I did not dare ask if he knew which room it was.The rooms were still not cheap ( About æ‹¢150 per night) so I don't think we will be staying there again,They did have a good small gym where there was fruit out for residents to take. There seemed to be free internet access near the gym as well as WIFI in your own room if you had your laptop.  
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>2	3	4	5	2	4	4	5	

<Author>Lisa&DanLondon
<Content>Perfect Location Hotel Mela is in a fantastic location, literally a 10 second walk from the centre of Times Sqaure. Rooms are fairly small (as you expect in New York), but perfectly formed, and furnishings are of a high standard. Staff are really friendly and helpful, and they have everything organised very well, including the end of stay luggage storage.Overall this is a good hotel, that I would recommend just based on its excellent location!  
<Date>May 25, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>DarDon
<Content>Hotel Mela is the place to stay! It's always a little scary for me to choose a hotel in New York City! Cost is definately a factor, but cleanliness is key. After a lot of searching for the perfect get-away weekend for myself and my daughter, we chose the Hotel Mela. I'd never heard of it before but it far exceeded my expectations once we arrived. The location was totally amazing...right in Times Square! Yet it was peaceful and calm in the hotel and our room! Although we ordered a Delux room we were upgraded upon arrival to a huge space. I was concerned after reading some reviews that the rooms were no larger than a postage stamp Not this one! We could have put on a Broadway Show in the bathroom! All staff went out of their way to ask if you needed anything, were enjoying your stay, etc. Very helpful! Umbrellas by the front door for a rainy day and the restaurant next door was a winner!..as was breakfast room service! We will definately return to The Hotel Mela!  
<Date>May 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>KansasCitySeadog
<Content>Wonderful!!! May, 2008Hotel Mela New York, NYMy girlfriend and I both turned 60 this year and wanted to celebrate in a big way. We picked this hotel on Times Square by reading reviews on several sites. They all were very positive. We were not disappointed. The hotel may not have been as opulent as some of the older hotels but it is very attractive. It is 2 blocks off of the main street and close to all activities on Times Square. The subway is very close by. Two of the staff Nick and Phil helped us with tickets to Wicked and instructions on how to navigate around town, as did all the staff. Our air conditioner was not cooling and they were up at our room in just a few minutes, and this was late at night. Most responsive service I've ever had. Do not hesitate to stay here. The beds were comfortable, and room size more than adequate, and very quiet and clean.Sincerely; Linda  Kathy  
<Date>May 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>bjsteadman
<Content>Client Service I have not stayed at this hotel, but had a client who stayed there recently and had left some personal articles. She had departed the city when she found out about the articles, but knew someone staying at a nearby hotel. I called the front desk and asked who could help me. The desk clerk, Harold, transferred me to the Manager of Housekeeping and I left a message for a callback. I had not received one so at the end of the day I called back again and spoke to Harold. He was very concerned that I speak to someone who could help me so he contacted a live person - the Asst. Manager of Housekeeping, Josie. He apologized profusely for keeping me on hold for only a few moments. Josie was amazingly helpful. She got a messenger service to deal with the articles and I needed to call her back with a credit card number. She said she'd be waiting for my callback and she was!! 20 minutes later!! She greeted me with...I told you I'd be here waiting for your call. I was amazed at the service as there was no rudeness, no sighs because I was asking something out of the way - only HOW CAN WE SERVE YOU! When I'm next in New York, this is the hotel I will be staying at!!  
<Date>May 21, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>sandy90
<Content>Excellent stay at a fantastic hotel Excellent hotel,location and service.We asked for a room higher up and got one on the 14th floor-quiet, very large comfortable room for 2 people despite other reviews I had read. However, I suspect this was a deluxe room and not standard so we may have been lucky.Rooms have a contemporary decor and were very clean. There were no tea/coffee making facilities in our room(suggest you take a travel kettle) and although there was free internet access for laptop users in the room there was a charge of 7 dollars for 15mins internet use if you don't have a laptop(located on the 2nd floor)- but you can get free access at the tourist info.centre a few minutes away in Times Square.  All hotel staff were extremely helpfu and friendly with all sorts of info,nothing was too much trouble for them. They always treated guests with courtesy .The lobby is very small but who wants to sit in a lobby in New York anyway- there are plenty of bars and eateries nearby.Area around 8th Avenue has more affordable and better restaurants than nearby 7th ave otherwise worth venturing towards Lexington ave and beyond-quiter than the Times Square area.Although the Mela is so near Times Square, it is on a quiet street and centrally located for all other famous tourist sites - all easily accessible by walking/subway/buses.Worth buying a Citypass and subway pass(can use on buses)if you are there for a few days.Also try to buy Broadway show tickets online as there is no guarantee of getting any for the show you want to see-discount tickets for us never existed-all seats are sold out. Overall a fantastic stay in a fantastic hotel and city and would recommend to others.  
<Date>May 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>djlite
<Content>Had a great Weekend I thought that our stay at the hotel was fantastic, the staff was very courtious and the service provided was excellent throughout the stay. I would recommend this hotel to anyone visiting NYC, especially those that want an ideal Times Square locatiom. Great fun!  
<Date>May 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>dadvisor
<Content>very nice hotel Very nice hotel in the midle of everything. Clean, confortable beds, excelent bistro just outside the hotel.  
<Date>May 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Carol0506
<Content>Will return if the price is right After a really long and detailed search I found this hotel on Red Tag and it was cheaper than Expedia.We had a junior executive and very spacious it was too.Pluses: The location, even though we were steps away from the crowded and busy Times Square we were central; the room was so quiet and the bed was unltra comfortable; fanatastic bathroom products, when I return in the fall I will be acquiring my own supply; we hung out in the lobby way beyond checkout time until we were ready to catch our flight; I loved the fruit at the front desk; the staff was pleasant and friendlyMinuses: Better lighting please; one of our robes was missing and then the replacement was dirty but was replaced quickly with apologies; one of the bedside tables was missing  
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>Magentajude
<Content>Good position, very clean We have just returned from a week at the Hotel Mela. We had booked a superior room (be warned this is their lowest grade room) and were very disappointed to find that we were in what was virtually a closet with no natural light, given that it wasn't a cheap hotel. We explained to the hotel staff that this was not acceptable for 7 nights and that we were in NYC for a special occasion. They were very helpful and we were eventually moved to a much better deluxe room - where we actually had room to unpack.The Hotel is well situated near Times Square and near 5th Avenue and the subway for further afield. It is very clean and the rooms are pleasantly decorated but there is only a small lobby with a couple of sofas. The staff will try and do anything to make your stay better.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Oslo7379
<Content>Very pleased Stayed here 1 week, with wife... Very small rooms, and extremly small bed..although it didnt bother us, just made us sleep closer, and that was pretty nice actually ;-) But if you are above 172 cm, then you might find it uncomfertable. And i dont know if that was the same for all the rooms, so....... Anyway, the hotel is clean,OK facilities,very polite and helpful employes. But the best part is ofcourse location! Its like 20 Secs. from time square,so unmatched in this price range, when it comes to location,...And relly, your just supposed to sleep at the hotell right ? One minus is that there is construction going on in the building beside, And they wont be done for several months yet..But we didnt get bothered by this even, but some might.....I would recommend this to anybody, looking for a nice hotel in New York.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	4	4	4	

<Author>roo15
<Content>There are better hotels than this I squeezed into my tiny queen bedded room to discover there was no desk, no where practical to place luggage and not even a luggage stand. This is not a cheap hotel and if you're on a business trip, no desk is ridiculous. It turns out there are double bedded rooms with desks, and the staff at the front desk politely allowed me to change rooms.The room with 1 double bed was equally as tiny. I discovered the TV behind the large basket of in-room food and moved the food into the closet. It was nice to have a bathroom gown, however, it disappeared after the first night and was not replaced. The phone next to the bed didn't work. Yes the decor is wonderfully boutique and there is free wireless, but I don't think I'll be back..  
<Date>Apr 25, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	5	3	4	4	2	

<Author>DimplesLouisiana
<Content>Great staff and great location. LOUISIANA: Our stay at the Hotel Mela was great; the staff was accommodating, and went out of their way to assist us (my husband recently broke his ankle, and had to use a wheelchair and/or walker to get around). The location is wonderful, near all the theaters, shopping, resturants, etc. Will recommend to friends.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>GDublin
<Content>Brilliant Hotel As this was my first visit to New York I wanted to be located in a centrally. I couldnéˆ¥æª› have asked for better. The hotel is right off Times Square but without the noise or the hustle and bustle. There are a number of places to eat on the same street as the hotel which unfortunately I didnéˆ¥æª› get to try but the place next door looks really good. Staff was extremely friendly and professional at all times. When we asked to change rooms due to the lack of natural light they were only too happy to try and accommodate us and showed us 2 different rooms that we could choose from. Based on the previous reviews I was expecting the rooms to be tiny but I found them absolutely adequate for the amount of time that you are going to spend in there. Overall the room was spotlessly clean, sheets were really fresh and the toiletries were a lovely touch. If I was being really picky, the only thing I could comment on is the towels. There werenéˆ¥æª› enough and they were pretty small. Overall though I couldnéˆ¥æª› fault the Mela, itéˆ¥æªš a fantastic hotel and I will definitely recommend to others!!!  
<Date>Apr 22, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Alicardo
<Content>Small, central and smart We came over from London to stay at the Mela for four days as part of a whistlestop break. Described as a boutique hotel, due to the fact there is no restaurant, bar or lounge space in the hotel, it is a stretch to say you'll enjoy a boutique hotel experience in its truest form. That said, the decor is smart and clean - the hotel earns the moniker 'boutique' by virtue of minimal, reasonably cool furnishings (ie dark Lombok-esque furniture etc) in the small spaces that exist ie the room, the lobby space and the two sofas by the lifts. Location-wise, it is great for Times Square (equivalent to Leicester Square for those who have not visited from the UK) and Theatreland if that's what you are looking for. It's a 15 / 20 min walk to the shops on 5th / Lexington or you can hop in a cab for a 5 min ride if traffic is good.We encountered a bit of noise from the roads below - but that's what you expect if you're staying near Times Square and it's not unacceptable by any means. Beds are very comfy, and the rooms with a shower not a bath are slightly larger.The staff are a good bunch and really helpful - a real plus point for the hotel.All in all, a decent hotel but very small - which is understood and acceptable if you're just after a comfy bed to crash in a central area. But next time I think we'll try somewhere marginally cheaper that has a few amenities ie late night drink / lounge area, and most probably not near the hardcore touristy Times Square area.Love NYC - who wouldn't - and will be back soon...  
<Date>Apr 17, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>Melto
<Content>Good Choice! Just got back from a 3 night stay at the Hotel Mela. This hotel was great! My friend and I do an annual girl's trip weekend to NYC and are always looking for good boutique hotels to stay at. At the end of the day, if the price is right, and the criteria we look for are met - that's where we stay.This hotel is comprabale to other NYC boutique hotels in that the decor is funky, and rooms are generally small. However, what makes this hotel stand out, is that it is relatively new, therefore the rooms are extremely fresh and clean. Secondly, the staff were fantastic. They were friendly and efficient, without any of this pretentious attitude that you get a certain boutique hotels. There is no bar or lobby scene, but the hotel has its own restaurant next door (didn't get a chance to eat there, but it was always busy)Location was great if you want to be near Times Square and all the theatres.The only negative - I like to have tea/coffee in the room and there was nothing available, not even in the lobby. Other than that, my stay was great.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>albeeee
<Content>Very Very Nice! Very nice and close to Times Square for family Broadway show and dinner, nice room, clean, quiet, no problems. This hotel beats the chain-hotels hands down.Check in and front desk service very professsional, this hotel gets it  
<Date>Apr 13, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>TartanMississippi
<Content>Fantastic LOCATION and Service The Mela was a fantastic experience. I was in the City for the first time, but my girlfriend had been there many many times staying at places like the Four Seasons, Ritz, Peninsula, etc; she was blown away by this place. I like many got the basic room but it was more than ample to satisfy her shopping fetish; which means bigger than a Saks dressing room x2. The service impeccable from check-in to check-out. We had issues with our mini-bar in prepping to go out and within five minutes they were there to take care of it. Also, fantastic help in getting to Yankees game on Subway. Service was Fantastic.Both places next door are great for drinks, early and late, which include Saju and St. Andrews the only Scottish Pub in the City.Certainly would recommend to anyone and have not mentioned the location which is phenomenal.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>goldpantera
<Content>So Chic...Great Service  100 feet from Times Square!!! In the middle of it all but with no noise in the room. Modern decor, beautiful and very clean. Everyone smiles and asks you how you're doing (from the bellboy, to the front desk, to the housekeeper). They offered an umbrella when it was raining and they all wished us a happy anniversary!! Upon check-in and request, we were upgraded to a beautifully spacious Executive room. Nick and JP were extremely helpful with directions and suggestions...such as the Carnegie Deli (MUST-HAVE cheese blintzes!!) The Brooklyn Diner is around the corner...AMAZING mac  cheese (not your typical mac  cheese) and Noodle Kugel (OMG!!!) HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS HOTEL!!!!!!!!!! ESPECIALLY FOR COUPLES =)  
<Date>Apr 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Cassa100
<Content>Location Location Location Situated right at Times Square the location of this hotel is key. The hotel is clean and staff extremely friendly. The boutique style rooms are small but very adequate and tastefully decorated. We had a standard room with shower room but had requested a bath as well as a shower and luckily this was accommodated. A mini bar and flat screen TV, along with a CD/MP3 player are provided.....although little time is spent in the room. This is the ideal location to explore Manhattan. Two blocks from Central Station and right in the heartland of Broadway theatre. A full array of bars, restaurants and diners right on your doorstep but do take the time to walk down to Soho, Little Italy, Greenwich Village and Chinatown etc. Savour the atmosphere of each... A walk in the other direction will take you to Central Park - dont pass the famous Carnegie Deli opposite the Carnegie Hall - a must for all! We visited over Easter, on the tail end of St Patrick's celebrations so the city was buzzing with many tourists. Will be back soon and will defo stay at Hotel Mela....  
<Date>Apr 2, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Payne722
<Content>The Disappointing Hotel Mela Based on the terrific reviews on this site, I decided to stay at the Hotel Mela for my recent, 10-night stay in NYC. I was fairly disappointed with my experience. I travel to NYC about 4 times a year and have stayed at quite a few hotels there, some worse, some much better. Yes, the Mela is a boutique hotel but I wouldn't call it trendy, unless a couple of shabby sofas in the small lobby and piped-in electronica deem it as such. Everything about the Mela is tiny, the elevators, the hallways, the rooms themselves, but that was understood from the other reviews. What I didn't expect was how aesthetically mundane the place is. I had an executive suite which was anything but spectacular. Rather, it was dark, drab and lifeless. No view. Flat screen TV was the cheapest I'd ever seen with truly abysmal reception. Bathroom was clean and small, and the brightest spot in the entire hotel. So, overall, the room was clean but unremarkable, forgettable. And over my 10 night stay, here are some of the problems I encountered: Room service food was really awful, and slow too. Ordered a bagel and lox one morning and it took 45 minutes and arrived without creme cheese. When I phoned down, they said they'd send some right up. Arrived 45 minutes later, after another phone call. Another morning, I was awoken at 7am by a knock on my door. My breakfast order had arrived. Too bad I hadn't placed one. Then there was the cleaning staff, the loudest you will ever encounter. They apparently had no regard for the fact that guests might be sleeping, or else wanted to wake them early to get them out of their rooms so they could clean. They marched up and down the halls, spoke to each other on walkie-talkies so loud that I could hear every word, banged doors and hit walls with their supplies. And yet they still managed to forget to refill empty Kleenex, pick up dirty glasses, leave new tea and coffee bags, and even left me with no toilet paper one morning. And speaking of slamming doors, something must be done about this. The doors tend to slam shut if you let go of them before closing them all the way, meaning that if you stay at this hotel, be prepared for lots of slamming doors at all hours from every guest coming or leaving. And on more than one occasion, I heard other guests sneezing and talking in their rooms, even heard someone taking a shower. Basically, this is a very loud hotel. Not soothing in the slightest. Finally, there are the wake up calls I ordered that never came or, inexplicably, came late!?!? How exactly does that happen? And the perfect coda to my experience with the Mela? Went to use the express checkout as I was leaving, and it didn't work. And it sorta made sense because nothing about my stay at the Mela was convenient in any way, shape or form. No, I won't stay there again. Not when there are hotels like the Michelangeo only a stone's-throw away for the same money and superior in EVERY way.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	3	2	3	

<Author>99bottles
<Content>Great Location - Lots of Fun Went with my wife for a four day trip to NYC for some fun, shopping and entertainment.Rooms- smaller than most rooms in most cities but nicely decorated and everything about the room mazimized the limited amount of space so it never actually felt claustophobic.- be warned though that the standard room does sometimes come with a double bed. We had a double bed but were so tired at the end of the day it didn't matter.- flat screen television with HBO and good variety of channels- wireless Internet for the notebook computer- good shampoos, soaps, creams, etc. from SpaLocation- very close to Times Square on 44th and all the Broadway stuff- five minute walk to Grand Central Station so you can pretty much get anywhere in the city for $2.- Check Virgil's BBQ on 44th right beside the hotel for amazing chicken, ribs, macaroni, etc. - Nothin fancy but damn good.Amenities- small gym with treadmills, bikes and one eliptical (sp?)Complaints- none because we had a blast and it was very reasonable for NYC.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JFCRSS
<Content>Great stay, Great location, Great staff I booked with the hotel website after comparing expedia, hotels.com, and orbitz...it was twenty dollars cheaper per night. The hotel is chic and tiny. I would much rather have good service and clean/trendy atmosphere than a crappy mega/anonymous chain.When we went to our room it reeked of cigarettes, though we were on a non-smoking floor. I called and they immediately sent a maid with an ionizer and deoderizer...since I was still not satisfied, I asked for a manager who brought us keys to our new room in five minutes flat.Everyone was friendly, gave good directions, and the bell hop stood in the middle of the street to get us a cab. As a same-sex couple we were treated very well by all staff (which means a lot to us).Would stay again as it is close to time square, subways, and walking distance to trendy part of 5th ave.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Michelle1301
<Content>So very happy we stayed at thje Mela       the oh so very comfy bed!  
<Date>Mar 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	3	-1	

<Author>GavinAberdeen
<Content>"Fantastic" Lets not have any misconceptions. Most hotels (that are affordable for normal middle class persons) are slightly smaller than say your home bedroom/en-suite, and this is exactly how you will feel in Hotel Mela. However, this hotel is excellent in every which way especially for young professionals/singles looking for a cultural weekend in the big apple without the hotel bill of a chain hotel. What you will encounter when you walk through the revolving door are very friendly (but not false or over the top) staff and a modern boutique style reception area playing chilled out music and (due to a slight air con problem) a very mild temperature for March (which im sure will have been sorted). On entering our small standard room we were delighted to find everything as illustrated on their informative website. Great decor throughout to match some trendy finishes in the shower room (I guess baths are installed in larger suite rooms) all of which compensated perfectly for its size. I would say for comparison for Brits, you will find the room is roughly the size of a typical Travel lodge although it has a far superior finish decoration and finishes wise that would rival any 4 star hotel in the UK. I cant really give this hotel an more superlatives as it is as its website describes and is located about 50 yards from time square which is a great location.Will stay next time I return,One very happy architect.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>betsysSacramento
<Content>Small rooms, yes, but FABULOUS staff and location Our small, neat room was wonderfully comfortable and appointed in contemporary style. Good value. Besides the can't-be-beat location, we were wowed by several members of the staff. Jean Paul at the front desk seemed authentically and personally glad to see us - even when he was headed off duty, guitar over shoulder. On the Desires desk, Tirone Reina is exceptional. He helped us with everything from salon appointments, to restaurant reservations and even tracked down and PERSONALLY delivered two bottles of a particular champagne. Do be prepared for small rooms. Also the maids didn't remove dirty champagne glasses for 2 days, or dump the long melted ice.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>TravellinDawg
<Content>Comfy Chic Hotel in Midtown Stayed here on Business. This is a chic hotel with a friendly staff. It is located next to Times Square so it is a nice location. Downside: Small rooms. When I arrived, the basket of Honor Bar snacks sat directly in front of the Flat Screen TV. Had a heck of a time finding another spot for it. I spoke to another guest who said that they had twin beds. Don't see that too often in the U.S. I did have a Queen. Upside: My room was clean and comfortable. I was in the back of the hotel so it was very quiet. That is hard to find in NY. Also, there is a fun Irish bar right next door; a good, inexpensive diner is across the street and Virgil's BBQ is on the same block.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Sam_and_Scooter
<Content>What a special find! Josianne Lubrun topped a wonderful visit to NYC when she was kind enough to look for an item I left behind and offered to have it shipped. The hotel room was clean, comfortable and in a terrific location. The stay was perfect. The price was right. A great find!  
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Nell2
<Content>Top stay!       Shower  
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	3	4	4	5	

<Author>seetheworld5555
<Content>Fantastic stay It was our first trip to NY and we travelled at short notice so didn't have too many expectations as to the hotel. Nevertheless, it was absolutely perfect. The rooms were small but perfectly acceptable although our bathroom was a little tired. The staff were there if we needed them and always welcoming. For example, I had tried to use the complimentary wireless internet connection one morning but my laptop couldn't find a strong enough signal. When I got back to my room that evening, I connected straightaway. The breakfasts next door were a great start to the day too. Location was a little noisy but when sleeping just off Times Square, what do you expect? New York was a wonderful city and we can't wait to go again.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>BrunoMaple
<Content>Valentine at Hotel Mela New York New York, Hotel Mela Hotel Mela from Maple, Canada.  These words would have been Frank Sanatra's saying (In his Song) if he were still around. Perfect stay and excellent service from David and his staff at Hotel Mela is how I would discribe my stay at the Hotel last month. The guys there were so helpful and the location (TIME SQUARE) is perfect. The rooms are very clean and the people cleaning are very helpful. My wife and I came from Toronto, Canada and went for our 10 wedding Annv. Now we are hooked. We will be going every year from now on. Hotel Mela is great to stay if you want a classy place to sleep and just hang out for a few days while visiting New York.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Hatters_1988
<Content>We would definitely recommend Hotel Mela We stayed at the hotel Mela for a 5 night break and found the staff on reception to be extremely helpful and friendly. The hotel rooms were spotlessly clean and very modern with flat screen tv's,coffee making facilities and a lovely range of toiletries we didn't need to use our own.The location of this hotel was ideal a 2 minute walk from times square where you could take a metro to all parts of the city. Madison square gardens was within walking distance as was the rockerfella centre the views from the top were amazing and the empire state building.We paid $71 for a taxi from Newark airport not including tips which was about a half hour taxi ride. $7.50 for an unlimited day pass on the metro which was a great way to see the sights.If you come out of the hotel and turn right, across the crossroads and on the left handside was a great place for breakfast I think it was called red flame.We would definitely stay at hotel Mela again and would certainly recommend it to friends and family.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Bippie
<Content>Troubled stay When checking in, I noticed the lobby was extremely warm. I guessed that the public area air conditioning was not working and was worried that the room would also be warm. The check-in staff was friendly and efficient even though they had to be warm in their suits. I do wish they had said something about the obvious air conditioning problem. The room (710) was well appointend and comfortable (initially). I did have to call housekeeping because there was only one cup with the coffee maker, one robe (needed two) and lipstick on one of the bar glasses. Response was quick. Returning after a show on Friday, I found the room to be warm. At around 11 pm I called the front desk about the lack of cool air and was told that they were working on air conditioning for the whole hotel. Around midnight, I called again because the room had become uncomfortably warm. This time a new person on the phone said they'd send maintenance up. Maitenance arrived quickly and found that the AC wasn't working properly even after a reset. (The first phone call was obviously mistaken because the hotel's air conditioning is apparently separate from the AC units in each room.). At about 12:30 am they moved us to a new room (1107). Room 1107 was acceptable but I was disappointed that I lost a bathtub, an armoire and a night stand on my side of the bed in the move. Even though I had to change rooms in the middle of the night, no one ever apologized. AC in room 1107 worked flawlessly. Apparently we weren't the only ones with problems. When I was in the elevator with clothes on hangers, I encountered a couple who said their sister was in her third room since checking in. I've rarely had to change rooms due to mechanical problems, but other times the hotel offered an apology along with something else (wine, fruit basket, upgrade to a better room, discount, etc.). Some sort of apology would have been appreciated. Just so you know, the door on 1107 doesn't close completely unless you give it a good push/pull. Small issue, but the services listing in the room said newspapers were available on the 2nd floor. I went to the 2nd floor on the first morning, didn't find any newspapers, but did find them in the lobby on the first floor. Video check-out didn't work. The buttons on the remote didn't always match the on-screen requests when using the menus (was there an A button somewhere?) Now, on to the good things! Here's what I really liked:- The staff was uniformly friendly and efficient (even though they had to be warm!).- The rooms were very well appointed with quality items. The furnishings, bathroom fixtures, and electronics felt high-end.Very comfortable bed and bedding.- The lighting in the room was very versatile and accommodated all of my needs.- That coffee maker was amazing. I thought I did something wrong because my first cup of tea came out so quickly. I am a tea drinker and my friend is a coffee drinker. The machine made really good beverages for both of us without cross-contamination. (Tea often tastes like coffee in hotel rooms!) Thanks also for having good green tea available.- Housekeeping was fast - I never did see a housekeeper. The cleanliness was very good (except for the comment above).- Although the elevators were small, they did not make me wait too long.- The hotel provided the Times on Sunday. Bravo! (I don't mind picking up the paper in the lobby.)- H2O products were excellent. - Providing Internet access without an extra charge was great (and all hotels should do this)- Wonderful channel lineup on the TV (yeah, BBC America!)- I was surprised at how quiet the room was. Hard to believe I was in midtown Manhattan.My one regret - I had hoped to peek at a smaller room but never had the chance. The King Deluxe was wonderful but I don't know how I'd like a Standard Queen room.Not a bad stay, but I was really disappointed at the hotel's lack of response at the time of the problems and when I emailed the problems to the manager after the stay.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	5	4	4	2	4	

<Author>hayes37
<Content>excellent       delux room  
<Date>Mar 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lip89
<Content>Nice boutique style hotel close to Times Square. Be prepared for small rooms! Okay I know what you are going to say, what hotel doesn't have small rooms in NYC?? Right? Well this one makes the rooms look larger on the websites but don't be fooled the rooms are a bed and a somewhat larger bathroom. The bed takes up the entire room. Other than that this is one of the most boutique style hotels I have stayed in well in NYC. It is the best location I have seen for Times Square access being one block away and on a street that is not so busy. The lobby is small and the staff are helpful. The interior is very trendy and upscale and despite the tiny elevators and the tight hallways, the rooms have all the latest amenities. They even have LCD TVs and wet bars. This is a nice little place to stay well in the city and being down there for my birtday and being close to all the action is even better. You literally can just walk a block down and be in the center of Times Square. The hotel is situated midtown. I would highly recommend this place, but be warned, don't be fooled by the pictures. The rooms are a closet. Although all the places in NYC are tight, the Holiday inn (I know what you are thinking) had huge rooms for half the price!  
<Date>Mar 12, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>drewyzacky
<Content>Great location, wonderful Staff! The staff were wonderful from the moment we arrived until we left. They were very attentive and helpful. Two of the four of us were celebrating 40th birthdays so they sent a complimentry bottle of champagne to each room.  It is a great location, a minutes walk to Time Square. Very central for anywhere that you want to visit. We walked mainly but the underground trains were very cheap and quick.  Carmines Italian and John's pizza restaurant were very good. Both on the same St as the hotel. You just turn left out of the door and cross Time Square. Ellen's Stardust Diner is great too, they all sing and dance. Great breakfasts if you have a good appetite! I thought macy's was the best all round shop but if you want a real bargain Century 21 is good. It is by the World Trade Center. Like TK Maxx but loads bigger and better. World Trade Center is very moving, but take your tissues! Empire State was good for the views. The free ferry to Statan Island took you near to the the Statue of Liberty, great for taking pictures. Wall Street is a lovely area, some nice shops and places for lunch. Central Park is good but it was raining when we went.  There are so many great places to visit, it is just a case of prioritising as it is difficult to get around them all. We travelled in two couples so we were torn between sightseeing and shopping. You really need to do both!  
<Date>Mar 10, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>MAMGEastCoast
<Content>The Mela is WONDERFUL From the time we checked in, until a hotel staff member hailed a cab for us at our time of departure, we loved the Mela. The staff members were pleasant and accomodating. Our very clean room and bathroom were more spacious than we expected. The bed was very comfortable, with great pillows and a fluffy comforter. Excellent location for walking to many destinations in Manhattan. You will love the quiet, elegant atmosphere of the Mela.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Saramoo
<Content>Great Service, Great Location I stayed at Hotel Mela for 8 nights on a business trip. It was ideal for a base, half a block from Times Square, to run around to meetings all over Manhattan, watch a Broadway show and walk to various wonderful restaurants.I was surprised by the pleasantness of everyone from the front desk to the cleaners. Everyone was cheerful, always happy to help and clearly cared about the facility.I spent a lot of time in my hotel room, working between meetings. The room service from the restaurant next door was nice food, delivered fast and there was plenty to choose from -- breakfast, lunch and dinner. The room had everything I needed: iron and ironing board, lots of plugs for my laptop and phone charger, constant free wifi and a constantly tempting minibar.The hotel atmosphere is fresh and fun, with beautiful dark wood and splashes of colour, with a modern sitting room by the elevators with a chess board and backgammon.I would highly recommend this hotel -- my stay was flawless.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>nsvisitor
<Content>Loved the Hotel Mela My daughter and I just got back from a mum and daughter 4 day holiday in New York. We stayed at the Hotel Mela on the 4th night free deal. We enjoyed our stay very much. The location is perfect- everything you could want within walking distance. The staff were extremely friendly and helpful at all times. They were very polite and attentive and went out of their way to help with dinner advice and reservations. The restaurants in the area were great- especially the Bistro next door. The only drawback, which really wasn't a major one, was the small room size. However, the very comfortable beds and cleanliness made up for it. I would stay there again in a minute.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Carebear79
<Content>Quite good hotel Forgive the amateur nature of this writing! Hotel Mela [meaning apple which makes sense] was a great hotel. Modern, subtle furnishings, efficient check-in, and great location [walkable to Times Square]. Room was small but well furnished, great quality bed, good minibar if you can afford those things, bathroom was modern with shower, variety of television programs etc. There was also an Ipod dock which you could connect your Ipod/music player to and hear via speakers. Overall pleased with this hotel. Did not access restaurant/room service so could not comment on this.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>brilee70
<Content>Hotel Mela - Will Keep Coming Back! I consider myself to be quite particular about customer service - especially when traveling out of town on business. While the facilities of Hotel Mela were quite impressive all on their own, it was truly the customer service that made this a particularly memorable experience - one worth sharing with others. Every member of the hotel staff greeted me cordially at every turn - regardless of their role within the hotel (from concierge and front desk to housekeeping). Particularly memorable was that a staff member (already in the elevator) stepped out at one point so that I could take the elevator as to not inconvenience me to wait longer. I am a firm believer - in all aspects of life - that it is the little things that count and Hotel Mela excels on the little things. I highly recommend it for anyone wishing to feel pampered and appreciated.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jkersey
<Content>Great Value, Great Location My husband and I have been to New York several times over the past few years and stay at a different place each time. We've stayed at the W, the Doubletree Times Square, the Warwick, etc. This time we stayed at Hotel Mela the week before Christmas. We just happened to find it online for a fantastic price compared to the other hotels during the holidays. We took a chance and were very please with it. The rooms are extremely small (what you would expect in a European hotel) but very clean, modern, and comfortable. If you want to be in the middle of the city, close to times square, and within walking distance to basically everything else (theater district, park, museums, etc) it is the perfect location for you. Although we didn't eat at the hotel, the restaurant looked very good. It was a nice surprise for us and overall we were very happy.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	5	

<Author>raeAlabama
<Content>Awesome! Great things come in Small Packages!! The rooms may be small but the service is BIG! The bath products are great ,so just leave yours at home! The location is unbelievable for the cost and we had no trouble at all getting an elevator. This was a romantic get-away for a13th Anniversary and we were not dissappointed!Will go back to the city ASAP and will not stay anywhere but Hotel Mela!  
<Date>Mar 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>GemandMarek
<Content>Loved Hotel Mela 5*!!!       Our Room 3  
<Date>Mar 1, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>michelle25
<Content>bang in the middle I stayed in Newyork for 9days last year september.My partner and I usually like to stay in a mid-range hotel for the first few days and then go super classy for the last couple of nights.I really liked this hotel. No, it wasnt the biggest room but we felt that we didnt need tons of space. It was cozy and ultra modern. No view so to speak but less then 20 seconds round the corner, times square BANG!nothing like that first glimpse of that place. We went on to stay at the Sofitel and I remember thinking I want to go back to the mela! thanks to everyone else that posted their reviews because they really helped. The hotel is pretty much central to all things in mid-town. However if your wanting to go to some of the hip spots such as the meat packing district, greenwhich village and chelsea then dont stay here! and do not go to any of the restaurants suggested to you by the tour guides on the tour buses. They are money traps and the food is CRAP  
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	-1	4	4	-1	

<Author>liverpoolforthetitle
<Content>Absolutely loved it !!! I took my Girlfriend to NYC for a Valentines break and we chose the Hotel Mela for our stay. This place is fantastic. The Location is as good as any Hotel in NYC, it can only be a 40 second walk to Times Square!Rooms are very modern, very clean with well stocked mini bar and snack basket and very very comfy beds. The rooms are a little small but hey, your in New York...By the time you get back to your room you'll collapse into bed anyway. The rooms are so quiet on a night too which was great when you consider Times Square is almost on your door step!The staff and bellboys in the reception area are incredibly helpful at all times.Whilst in New York I proposed to my now Fiancee and the our trip was truly amazing in every way. We both can't wait to go back and would definately stay at the Mela once again!  
<Date>Feb 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>atudor
<Content>Loved the Mela Hotel I had a wonderful opportunity to spend the weekend in New York and stayed at The Mela hotel. The hotel has only been open for 13 weeks however the ambience felt has if it were open for years. The staff was very personable, attentive and always available when needed. Your check-in process was seemless and I love the fact that you had fresh fruit available ready for your guests. The room was very warm, and had all the new features that would make a stay enjoyable.I loved your location, right in the heart of Times Square, but tucked away without having to hear the hustle and bustle of traffic. I would definately recommend this to my clients, and sincerly look forward in staying with your property again.Thanks for a memorable experience.Allyson - Jacksonville, FL  
<Date>Feb 21, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sgbslo
<Content>Pack light We visit NYC several times a year and usually book our hotel based on rate and location. So I've stayed in a wide variety of hotels over the years. The Mela would certainly not be the worst but also not near the top either. We booked a deluxe king which is not their smallest room and it was really tiny! There was virtually no place to put luggage so we ended up having to keep one suitcase in the bathroom. The room was also very dark and on one side you could barely see even with every light on. The bed was very comfortable and the bed linens were of good quality. The bath towels were a little small and thin.The staff was pleasant but not overly knowledgeable. I asked one of the concierges for a restaurant recommendation one evenng and he was not able to come up with anything (I asked about something casual in the 50's around Carnegie Hall) so I just resorted to my Zagat Guide.The location is very good if you're planning on seeing Broadway shows. The little restaurant next door was good for a drink and we had a pretty good dinner there one night as well. The breakfast prices are way too high so we just went up to the Red Frame a block away for breakfast.If I got an extremely good rate, I'd stay here again but otherwise I've found quite a few other places I prefer.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	3	4	4	4	3	3	

<Author>annochka
<Content>Worth staying Thanks everyone for reviews about this hotel.it really helped to choose . Mela is in a great location.no view to NY though..windows are facing offices.Clean rooms, nice staff.good value. Doesn't smell. i had a bigger room after a little bit of discussion but still.....we paid 220 dol. per night.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>tangerine74
<Content>A little boutique gem I come to New York regularly on business, but usually pay for my own travel expenses, so am always on the look-out for cool but good value places to stay, around the Midtown area. Hotel Mela is definitely somewhere I'd come back to.I booked a four-night stay through hotels.com, on a good value 'fourth night free' deal; though breakfast isn't included in the room rate, there's a bistro next door which does a very reasonable selection of eggs/cereals/coffee, or there are plenty of delis and Starbucks within a few steps outside. My room - a superior king - was small, like all New York hotel rooms, but very clean and freshly furnished, with some space to hang up clothes. I could have done without the gigantic basket of minibar-type nuts and biscuits which took up precious desk room, and there was no room in the fridge to keep a bottle of water cool, but the lighting and mirrors made the room feel spacious and airy. The room had a bath and a good powerful shower, housekeeping was excellent, and rooms have free wifi - a major plus. (I really hate it when hotels charge for wifi; it's so mean!)Hotel Mela doesn't feel quite as cool as Night Hotel or as buzzy as Hotel QT round the corner on W45th, and there's no bar for meeting people in. But the staff are friendly and helpful, the location's great, and it's definitely good value for money. It's on my list for my next trip.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>h1bbsy
<Content>Excellent We have just arrived back from New York having stayed for 4 nights at the Hotel Mela. We had a fantastic holiday which was complemented by great accommodation. Our room was just as is pictured on the hotel's website and it was ready when we arrived early. The towels were changed daily, there was a hairdryer supplied and there was free wi-fi. The room was quiet, which is amazing as Time Square is just a few steps away. It was thoroughly cleaned daily and the bathroom had a very powerful shower - just what we needed after a long day of sight seeing. All of the staff was friendly from the concierge to the house keeping. We would definitely recommend this hotel for a great location and comfortable stay.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>GosiaW
<Content>Hotel Mela Fantastic find at amazing price! It was our first trip to NYC. The first three nights we stayed at Grand Hyatt but loved the city so much we decided to extend our stay by one more night. Hyatt wanted $300 for one night! I said thanks and checked hotwire site from the business center. Found a 4 star hotel near Times Square for.....$134/night!!!! It turned out to be Hotel Mela. Small, boutique type hotel. Very small room but furnished with all necessities with nice touch such as ice bucket and wine glasses. Small but very functional bathroom with shower stall. All smelling new, clean - fantastic place. Even decor was funky and modern, hotel must have been renovated recenly. No amenities except for gym and laundry room but the location was 1/2block from Times Square with tons of places for coffee, dinner, etc. etc. Recommend for shorter stays, without kids - as the room was really tiny. Staff at front desk (particularly Jean Marc) super friendly and helpful. Would stay there again for sure and highly recommend it.  
<Date>Feb 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>bestfriend0824
<Content>Great location, friendly staff, boutique hotel... I recently returned from my one week trip to NYC, where I stayed at Mela Hotel. The location is great: very close to Times Square, with all public transportation within walking distance (take the S train from Grand Central to Times Square), but at ease of West 44th Street. Good restaurants and Dinners all around the place. The staff is friendly and very efficient, being able to accomodate all our requests (reservations to restaurants, theatre, late chek-out, extra towels, etc...). The room is neat, clean, with a comfortable bathroom, where I could find all the most needed items. I would definetly reccomend Mela Hotel.  
<Date>Feb 12, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ramblingtraveler
<Content>Very good hotel, great location Hotel Mela was in a great location, especially for someone who wants to visit New York. It's a very good deal.Although I was raised in the area, I wanted to book one night in a central NYC hotel that was a little different, and Mela fit the bill.Access to subways and trains is great via times square stops, and Times Square area has a lot of good (although potentially crowded) eating choices and some good bars as well.The hotel is nice, we showed up at 7:30 AM from the red-eye and were given a room on the spot. That was unexpected (checkin is 3) but a Great thing, we took our naps and were ready to go for the day/night by noon. (PS, they also gave us late checkout at 1:30 the next day, nice!).The hotel is clean and a little bit fun. The minor issue we had was that the front desk was a bit slow when we wanted to check out and have them hold our bags. I think they had a rush of people doing the same, and only one person at the desk. They handled our bags well and we got them hours later on the way to our next destination. Everyone is very nice.If you want to stay in Mela I would suggest finding a deal using one of the deal websites like Expedia, especially if you are ok with a smaller room. Our room was small, but very comfortable, bathroom was great, heating worked great (it was freezing outside) and I would stay here again.If you're looking for a good deal, you should try Mela.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	3	5	

<Author>TheDublin2
<Content>Great location, very good service Great location, right in the heart of midtown but on a fairly quiet side street. Very good service from very accommodating and courteous staff. Very nice Asian restaurant with good food and service. Would definitely stay here again. Got a good deal on hotels.com so good value too.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mryhawk
<Content>Wonderful Location My husband and I stayed at the Hotel Mela last weekend for one night while we were attending a corporate event at the Hard Rock Cafe. I have to say that the best thing about the hotel is the location. We live in Connecticut, so we took the train into Grand Central Station. The Hotel Mela is about a 5-10 minute walk from the train station and was very easy to find. It is also literally around the corner from the heart of Times Square, right in the middle of all the action. Our event that evening was black tie, so I had to walk to the Hard Rock in heels! I was pleasantly surprised to find that it was right around the corner from the hotel. My feet were so thankful at the end of the night. We were also pleased to find the most wonderful deli about two doors down from the hotel. We found everything there from Advil to awesome breakfast sandwiches. They also had great coffee. It was definitely a plus to find it so close to the hotel. The hotel itself is very cute. The elevators are tiny, and we and our friends who were with us got a good laugh out of the 4 of us trying to cram ourselves and luggage into the elevator! The room we stayed in was a Superior Queen room. Although it was very small, it was clean, comfortable, and perfectly adequate for an overnight stay. The bed was extremely comfortable, which was so nice after a night out on the town. The only complaints I had were that one of our lights was burned out and it did take a while to get hot water in the shower. I had to let the water run for about 10 minutes before I got it. That is pretty typical of an old building in the city, so it really didn't bother me too much. The rooms must have very thick walls, because other than a little street noise (also typical of the city) we did not hear noise from any other rooms or guests in the hotel. We were surprised at how quiet the room was. I would recommend the Hotel Mela for a one or two night getaway to NYC. If you are looking for a cute boutique hotel with a great location, this is a great place to go. I would not recommend it for business travelers, or for people traveling with small children.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	-1	-1	

<Author>allgoodathens
<Content>A diamond in the rough. Booked Hotel Mela via Hotwire.com for $134 -- by far the best value I've ever gotten dollar-for-dollar in NYC. Mela does not offer the views of Times Square that a hotel like the Millennium does, but what it lacks in size it makes up for in quality and personal attention. All of the staff were pleasant and helpful in every way possible. They let us check in early AND gave us a free room upgrade. The hotel itself is chic and modern without being ostentatious. The rooms are well-appointed with comfortable beds, flat-screen TVs, thermostat-operated climate control, and more. The bed and linens are both extremely comfortable and there is an abundance of pillows made available to you. The bathroom was nice, with a rainforest showerhead and wonderful toiletry products. Location is excellent, right off of Times Square on 45th Street. Just far enough to not have to step right into the throngs of sightseers when exiting the hotel, but close enough that you can soon join them if you desire. There is also convenient access to the subway, with the Times Square/42 St entrance right around the corner.My only regret is that I didn't book my entire trip at Hotel Mela. We stayed there for the last night of a 6-night trip and it was the perfect way to cap our trip. I would highly recommend Mela, especially if you can find a good price (rack rates on their website are in the $350+ range).All in all, I highly recommend this hotel and hope to return.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tylerlucky
<Content>Disappointed!! I went to New York and took my 15 year old daughter with her two cousins and my sister in law. My daughter and I stayed at Hotel Mela. Two of the nights when we returnned to our room to sleep after a wonderful day of shopping and dinner we could not stay in our room because the marijuana smell coming from another room down the hall was overpowering! We notified the desk and they said they could do nothing but move us for the night. But I am hear to say if I was at the Ritz or any other upscale hotel they would do something to take care of the people causing the problem! They would not inconvience me by having me sleep in a different room for two nights. We had to take our pajamas and toiletries and sleep in another room on another floor because the smell was unbearable. I was not excited about experiecing something like this especially on a mother/daughter trip. No compensation just inconvience for us by having us move. They made us be inconvience for the two nights that these people were staying at the hotel and smoking marijuana. No apology upon checkout, no offer to compensate for the two nights we were inconvienced. Nothing. I would say that is not good customer service or good management at all.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2008
<Rating>1	2	4	5	5	1	-1	-1	

<Author>Dweezil28
<Content>Can't complain, would stay again We booked via a last minute web deal inc flights with Delta (flight empty both ways- brilliant) The Mela is bang on Times Square but not noisy, and near some great irish bars. We had a standard room which was average size and nicely appointed (similiar to UK Malmaison) we were pleased with the room, and the staff. On the second night we encountered a problem in the room (common in NYC mostly unavoidable) but the night manager immediately transferred us to a suite and refunded that nights cost- can't say fairer than that. I would recommend the Mela and stay there again. Their reaction to our problem means that this review is fair and I am not going to dwell on the issue we had, They sorted it quickly and efficiently.Its clean, central, good value and modern, Our first room had a shower and bath the second room a large walk in shower, the in room toiletries are very nice.Most NYC rooms are very small, these are average, but you do get a flat screen tv, desk etc etc, all nicely done.Staff were all friendly and efficient.  
<Date>Jan 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Oliver_from_Boulder
<Content>Midtown Treasure The Hotel Mela proved to be a delight. The service was outstanding from the moment we arrived. The staff are way above average and all of our requests were honored immediately. The hotel has a superb location right off 6th Avenue within a block or two of most of Broadway, yet is very quiet. This hotel provides extraordinary value. We will certainly stay there on future trips when we need a hotel in NYC.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LJSNC
<Content>Incredible Boutique Hotel This hotel allowed us to have an incredible experience while we visited NYC. The staff was very accommodating-fun-professional. Being from the south we were somewhat dismayed by the the demeanor of other staff at nationally branded hotels. The hotel Mela had such a warm and inviting feel, very clean, lovely decor and the staff could not do enough for us! This hotel stands way above the rest!  
<Date>Jan 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Nance08
<Content>Amazing NYC Hotel Mela We had stayed at Hotel Mela when it first opened in 2007 right off Times Square in the Theatre District. It was my first US boutique hotel experience in a while and was quite wonderful. We returned in 2008 and I can say unequivocally it was amazing! The front desk staff were so acccomodating, friendly and professional at check-in and throughout our five day stay. The maids were efficient and did a terrific job each day. The rooms are done in gorgeous shades of black, beige with splashes of a yummy green. And, concierge Tyrone made our experience complete. He was so professional, competent and kind in each request. I am sure this is a terrific hotel for the weary business traveler because of the friendly service and attention to detail. For a hardworking theatre patron/tourist, it was awesome. Every request was taken seriously and professionally. And, we felt safe - thanks cute doormen! From top to bottom, the hotel was immaculate. The workout room was great and new adjacent restaurant served delicious food with a friendly wait staff. We have traveled all over Europe and US in the last two years, and this was by far, our best experience to date. So, although I hope everyone who reads this will check them out, don't go in January - we are going to need them again! Hotel Mela rocks!  
<Date>Jan 9, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>floridapatriotfan
<Content>Great Security  Stayed for just a night late December, and locked some credit cards in the hotel room safe. Almost two weeks later, I realized I left them there... called the hotel and they had sent them to lost and found. They sent them back to me at my expense. I did ask them why they hadn't called me since the hotel booking was in my name-and they said because wanted to be discreet. Did stay there with my one and only-but I can understand them not wanted to call me. The hotel was very clean-rooms small-it's NYC-very safe- very professional front desk staff. Housekeeper Josianne-very professional, and only a block from Times Square. I would recommend to anyone. You get what you expect. Good expereince!  
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>AASGHENT
<Content>great front manager at Mela As a medical doctor,I attend every year the cardio-vascular symposium at the Hilton hotel,beginning of dec.Every year on this occasion I try to stay in a nice,good situated hotel.So I decided this year to book the Mela hotel,inspired by a very pos review in the Spanish magazine,Ella.I did book a junior suite.As due to the holiday season and the shortage of rooms ,the room I got was not really what I expected,I was whitout any discussion upgraded by the front desk manager to a luxury suite.I enjoyed my staying very much!This is what I call exellent service and so the Mela hotel in New-York is my hotel of preference in New-york and I love to come back  
<Date>Jan 7, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Travelasaguest
<Content>I done good! Not knowing what to expect having never visited New York, we were pleasantly surprised by Hotel Mela. The price was very affordable for mid Manhattan in summer ($221/night) and the rooms were lovely. Location was everthing and allowed us to walk or take the subway to most everything. We hit 9th Ave. amost everynight to eat, affortable, walkable and just enough off the tourist beat to have great food and interesting folks. We booked the king sized bed and I believe one step up from the regular room. It was small, but suited our purposes beautifully. Well until we discovered the water leak in the bathroom, but before we could even moan over our misfortune the staff has us whisked away to another room, an upgrade and it was delightful. Walls a little thin, so if you are going to be upset by the crying child, yes we heard them, then not the place for you. But who goes to New York to spend much time in their room and frankly not sure how long the poor kid cried as we were in our rooms to sleep or long enough to have a beverage, nap, shower and out again. The Hotel Mela was wonderfully clean, met my white tissue standard. It may not fare well over the years as it is an older building, but as long as the staff continue to keep it as clean as it was when we were there, it's a definite must.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>monkey24
<Content>Wonderful experience!       Superior room bathroom  
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	5	4	

<Author>gansmith
<Content>Absolutely LOVED The Mela I stayed at The Mela over the 2007 Christmas period (5 days). I booked two rooms, one for me and the hubby, the other for my family. I had an absolutely fabulous time! I couldn't recommend this place more.It is a boutique hotel, approximately ONE block from Times Square. Surprisingly though, it was relatively quiet. The hotel is not very big, so don't go there expecting LARGE rooms, but they are absolutely beautiful and well-appointed.The rooms were so cute. They have flat screen TVs, beautiful decor, comfy pillowtop beds and cute drapes. Both rooms were Superior rooms and they were big enough for us. The bathrooms were very nice. Our bathroom had a shower, the other room had a tub. The housekeeper replaced shower products daily, all of which had really neat packaging and smelled heavenly.I was incredibly impressed with the service. This hotel thinks of everything. They had complimentary apples at the front desk (We were in the Big Apple afterall, and Mela actually means apple in Italian). It rained once while we were there and the hotel gave out complimentary umbrellas with the logo for us to use outdoors. How clever. It's also great promotion for the hotel. LOL. We were looking for a restaurant and EVERYONE jumped up to help us. They even called the restaurant to ensure that it was open before we headed out there. Whenever we had a request it was IMMEDIATELY dealt with. The staff was so nice, funny and accommodating. They really made you feel special. There is this great deli a few doors down that we would go to for quick snacks and breakfast. It was also very reasonable. If you're in New York for a couple of days, take one of the hop-on, hop-off city tours. It was a great way to see the city, learn about its history and a CHEAP way to get around. The only thing I hated about New York was the amount of smokers around. I think I officially have lung cancer. Carry your gas mask. Overall, I give The Hotel Mela two thumbs up and 10 stars! You won't be disappointed. P.S. Oh, the reviews were dead on about the size of the elevator. They are pretty small. It was a great conversation starter in the elevator, though. LOL.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>|_uckySevens
<Content>Great NYE Stay @ Hotel Mela My husband and I went to NYC to see the NYE Ball Drop in Times Square and stayed at the Hotel Mela for 2 nights. The overall hotel dèŒ…cor (from the lobby to the rooms) was chic and contemporary. It was very reminiscent of the style of W Hotels. The location is great as its half block away from Times Square and thereéˆ¥æªš a handful of casual restaurants/delis in close proximity to it. Overall éˆ¥?we really enjoyed our stay and would definitely recommend it and go back .....I will preface by saying that everything about the hotel is small - the lobby was smallish, elevators were small, and rooms were small. But you just gotta understand that its NYCéˆ¥?space is a premium here. So keep an open mind - you didnéˆ¥æª› come to NYC to stay in your room all day anyways! Details below.Front Desk/Lobby/Service - The front desk folks were very welcoming and helpful. They seemed genuine in wanting to take care of their guests. We had a small issue with the room next to us. The front desk addressed it quickly and even offered to move us to a different room. As someone else mentioned, they burn these very aromatic candles in the lobby éˆ¥?which is a nice welcoming touch. There was seating area lavishly furnished with deep red velvet couches which gave it such a nice character. The elevators were small (not as small as some in Europe), but since there were 3 or 4 there was never a long wait (even after the NYE Ball Drop with many guests heading back to their rooms). Lastly, there is a small concierge desk that was available.Rooms éˆ¥?We stayed in Room 802 which was a Superior Queen room. The room was very clean and you could tell the condition was well kept. The bed was the focal point and was VERY comfortable. There was also a plasma TV and refrigerator. The bathroom was beautiful (nice hardware, tile, linens) and supplied with H20 products. The only drawback was the room size. I will be honest and say the rooms were like éˆ¥æ¸‚edroomséˆ¥? rather than hotel rooms. No hallway or anything éˆ¥?when you walk in, you are literally 2 or 3 feet away from the bed. There was a wardrobe closet with a few hangers and drawers, but thatéˆ¥æªš it for storage. We didnéˆ¥æª› mind it so much - we kept most of our stuff in our suitcase which was set on top of the window sill. I personally think they did a good job of optimizing space with the small room sizes. In a nutshell: Great service. Good clean room in a chic boutique hotel located in a prime location.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Becky55963
<Content>A midtown gem Hotels in New York are notorious for taking the business traveler for granted. They charge a lot and frequently just don't care what your experience was because they know you will be back. The Mela is NOT that kind of hotel. From the guy at the front door through check in to the manager or the maid, you will feel welcomed here. It is not a large hotel or a new hotel. But, it has been remodeled with flair, fun colors abound. All of the amenities are there - internet, bottled water, nice shampoo, conditioner, soaps, etc. The mattress was great, sheets were fresh and smooth. Every thing that I observed was spotlessly clean. When I was there it was pouring rain. One of the employees stood by the door with complimentary umbrellas, making sure that each guest who wanted one, had one. When they ran out, they ran to storage for more and were back again within minutes. These were nice umbrellas, not those junky ones that only open once and turn inside out at the least gust of wind. Clearly, the management is working to build a client base and they have my vote. When I am in the city, I will stay there.Thanks for a great experience.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lilymilwaukee_WI
<Content>Mela is #1 in customer service Hotel Mela is a chic and hip hotel in a great nyc midtown location. Booked our reservation on priceline, and confirmed by telephone too that room could accomodate our family of four. However on arrival, the room could not accomodate our two teens and two adults. The manager Chris Swaim was extremely responsive and understanding. There were no other larger rooms available, since it was New Year's Eve weekend. So, Manager Swaim booked us for the Penthouse at no additional charge! Penthouse was sensational. Soothing contemporary design, with luxurious bedding. Spacious, phenomenal panoramic view of city and luscious bath products. Hotel very accomodating too for early arrival and late check out.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>inperpetualmotion
<Content>Better than ever I surprised my husband with a trip to NYC as a pre-Christmas present. He knew nothing about the trip until we arrived at the airport. I decided early on to stay at the Mela again as our last trip in April was a wonderful experience. This trip they outdid themselves. We were greeted by John Paul who remembered us from our previous trip, making us feel like we were visiting old friends. We received an upgrade when the ever friendly Megan checked us in and our room was spectacular. I worked with Freddie on my reservation as I wanted everything prepaid prior to our trip, since it was a gift for my husband. He was delightful to work with and I was a bit disappointed he wasn't at the front desk when we checked in. He called our room 15 minutes after we settled in and I told him we were heading out and would make sure to stop and see him as he wanted to know how my husband took the surprise. Imagine that, someone at a hotel that really cares. My husband was thrilled we were once again booked at Hotel Mela. It's a hotel where the entire staff is genuine, friendly and fun to be around. We won't stay anywhere else when going to NYC.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>pj19
<Content>Hotel Mela is a delight I treated myself to a Broadway show during the holiday season. I didn't realize that the hotel itself would be just as wonderful a treat! Hotel Mela is perfectly located on a quiet street in the heart of Times Square. From the moment I first walked into this modern hotel, the friendly staff treated me as if I were a frequent guest. My cozy room was thoughtfully designed and well appointed - from luxurious bed linens to ample lighting to the rain showerhead in the bath.I have stayed at several of the larger hotels in New York through the years, and I cannot remember a time that - travelling as a single woman - I felt more comfortable than at the Hotel Mela!  
<Date>Dec 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Luigi22
<Content>Elegant home away from home for the business traveler Wonderful service and attention. The Hotel itself is a design lover's dream with well appointed rooms, plush sleeping set-ups, and very clean as a whistle. Situated a stone's throw from Times Square on 6th on one side and Bryant Park on the other (Ave of the Americas)-you are perfectly positioned for a great time. Don't forget to try the chow at Sagu downstairs-delicious French Vietnamese, ask for Phillipe!  
<Date>Dec 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>woodcuts
<Content>A Friendly Spot At a time when hotel rates were through the roof, as it was the holiday shopping weekend, we were able to get this 4 star hotel at a very reasonable rate. What a gem! This is a boutique hotel, with comfortably simple decor, located just one block off of Time Square, so convenient to everything. As close as it is to the hubub, it is very quiet. ( Well, there is some street work being done across the street that involved jack hammers during the day....but we were usually gone by then) The rooms are small, as are most in NY, but certainly adequate. The beds and pillows are ultra comfortable. The hotel is very clean....I don't think I have ever seen such a large and efficient housekeeping staff. The toiletries, robe, minibar and munchies are all top notch. All of the staff are exceptionally friendly and helpful. The concierge, Tyrone, was especially helpful in finding and making dinner reservations,suggesting shops, helping us in using the subway,arranging car service for return to JFK, and even scoring nicely priced tickets for the sold out Jersey Boys at the last minute! The hotel is connected to one restaurant, of Asian cuisine...and there is another on the other side, St. Andrews, Irish-Scot menu. We ate at St. Andrews and were not particularly impressed. There is no free breakfast here, but you can get room service. All in all, we were very delighted with our choice, and we would stay here again.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Ivy1954
<Content>Not what I had hoped I was there just one night, in town to see the Rockettes. After a long day of travel and sight seeing all I wanted was a hot shower and a good nights sleep. All I got was a good nights sleep. No hot water in the shower. Management did refund nearly half of my bill after a few e-mails. Room was very clean, staff friendly, lobby unremarkable. Excellent location, but a little pricey.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	4	4	3	-1	-1	

<Author>KateDK
<Content>How does that housekeeper make that bed???       Oops...sorry hon, I can't see where I'm going  
<Date>Dec 5, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	2	4	3	3	4	3	

<Author>mrwatson
<Content>Overpriced, stinky bathroom, rooms that are beyond tiny Bottom line: wouldn't stay here again.i stayed here because i like the central location and the sofitel was incredibly expensive. this place was no bargain but $200 cheaper than the sofitel.Nice people - doormen, guy at front desk - but a pretty lackluster hotel. The rooms are beyond tiny. I was asked if I was going to be using a desk in my room because rooms that had queen size beds didn't have desks (don't fit). I was so i got a full size bed that was squeezed into a corner. the shower was less than 3' x 3' and the shower head sprayed out into the bathroom as you adjusted the water.The real ick of the experience was opening the door into the bathroom - the stench of mold/mildew/must was overpowering. If it wasn't so late in the day and I had already prepaid I would have switched hotels and paid more. Another traveler I met in the elevatorsaid his room had the same issue with the stench.the smoke alarm also decided to start beeping at 3am (needed a new battery) and there was a houseekeeping cart seemingly permanently stationed on the floor, but not the biggest issues.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2007
<Rating>2	1	1	5	2	5	-1	-1	

<Author>Ohio_Jeff
<Content>It was GREAT It's all in what you are looking for. We were there for two nights ($250 per night-deal at travelzoo.com) for the tree lighting at Rockefeller Center.The comments and photos (both official and by contributors) are accurate. The rooms are small and facilities minimal (fitness room on second floor/ restaurant next door). It is not a resort and is not advertised as such.But it is convenient, clean, and elegant.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>kongbooster
<Content>Horribly Overpriced This is a prime location next to Times Square, but the hotel is nothing special. The rooms and beds are small. I got a twin bed which was shorter than I am. The view from the window was a brick wall. There was no time of day in which sunshine reaches the 3rd floor room I was in. The hotel tries to imitate the W with the same music and style points in the lobby and other areas, but I've stayed at the W Times Square and the Hotel Mela is not in the same league.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2007
<Rating>2	1	1	4	2	3	3	3	

<Author>Modozko
<Content>Great Trip So my wife and I took a trip from Boston to NYC for the night and we wanted to do the tourist thing and see Times Square, the Empire State Building, and Rockefeller Center. After reading all the reviews here at Trip Advisor, we chose Hotel Mela. We arrived at the Port Authority and from there to the hotel it was about a 5-10 minute walk. Hotel Mela is right off Times Square and it's amazing how much that side street calms down, it was very peaceful and quiet. Hotel Mela's lobby is plain, but clean and classy. They have 3 elevators which are a small. Any more than three people would be a problem. I was worried reading all the reviews about how small the rooms are but I was very surprised to find our room with a Queen size bed was larger then some other hotels I have stayed in. If staying for more than a couple days, it might get a little tight with luggage, but room size was not an issue for us.The room was very clean and everything looked brand new. It's the first hotel I have stayed in that didn't smell like a hotel. I'm kind of a clean freak and I felt so comfortable.The bathroom was very modern and nice, the shower products, as everyone here has said, were great. I didn't even bring my own.One problem with the shower door was it only covers half of the actual shower. Water went all over the floor, not a problem for me but more for the cleaning people I guess.The only issue I had was the price. Unless you get some kind of special deal, this is an expensive hotel to stay at. I guess I feel like they could have done more for us considering how much the room cost. But the room was so clean, the location perfect for walking all over Manhattan, and my wife and I felt very safe there so to pay a little more for all of that is probably worth it.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>niceguy1966
<Content>Great location, not much else I can't believe all the 5* reviews this place has. It is in a great location, half a block from Times Square and an easy walk to 42 Street, Broadway, etc, but apart from that, this hotel is over priced and offers little.Rooms are small, and there are no facilities at all. You enter the main door, and there is a reception desk. A little further in there are a few chairs outside the lifts. That's it. No bar, nowhere for breakfast, no gym, no pool, nothing.I was there 3 nights, and on two mornings there was no hot water. AFTER complaining, I received a $50 reduction per night. As all they offer is a bed and a shower, I would have expected a much bigger discount when one of the two items I'm paying for isn't working.I was at reception checking out while at least 5 other people called to complain about no hot water. None were offered discounts.If it was cheap, I'd score it highly. The location is great, but it thinks it is a boutique hotel and can justify high prices by having some red sofas in reception. I'm not impressed.Try the Millennium Hotel across the street if they have rooms.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2007
<Rating>2	1	2	5	3	2	2	1	

<Author>Sirkto75
<Content>Fantastic! We stayed at Hotel Mela in Nov for 4 nights. The staff were extremely friendly and even gave us an upgrade! The hotel is very modern and has a fantastic restaurant, Saju, attached. The location is ideal as it is half a block from Broadway and Times Sq. We walked everywhere from here.I cant express how wonderful this hotel is and recommend it to all who are looking for a hip New York break.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Floracat2
<Content>Whoaa Dudes!!!! Just returned from girly shopping/ sightseeing trip in New York and Hotel Mela was great. In the lobby you are greeted by friendly and courteous staff and the ambience is lovely, there are candles burning which give it not only a warmly feeling but they are scented too and so the lobby smells gorgeous! Rooms are just as good, and the H20 toiletries which are raved about were very nice (to allow for valuable space in my case for shopping I didn't even feel the need to pack toiletries as I knew I could use the good quality ones supplied). Rooms also had a turn down service on an evening and the maid was very helpful in asking if there was anything we wanted. Chocolates were left out each night which was a nice touch. We stayed in a deluxe twin in despite having 2 large cases and accumulating lots (and lots and lots!) of shopping bags the rooms were a good size. There is a huge basket of snacks in the room to tempt although as always in hotels these were overpriced. I personally don't see why you would need to tuck into these though when you can go to the fab deli a few doors down and get a whacking great feast of midnight snacks! If you are a bit peckish when you arrive the hotel does provide a complimentary snack and drink which is another nice touch. The deli down the road is also good for breakfasts. Despite been so close to Times Square I was surprised that you could't hear ANY outside noise (we were on the 8th floor) which was a big bonus. For anyone that hasn't been to NY before this location is excellent as Times Square is full of everything you could wish for in NY - the bright lights and lively atmosphere, a stack of fabby restaurants and close to the sub and to the shops . It is the best hotel I have stayed in when I have visited NY and what more could you wish for ... great price, quality rooms/service and well located. I will definitely return.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>BexJax
<Content>Great location - V friendly staff Location is spot on - literally 30 seconds off Times Square. Rooms are a bit small (we expected this anyway)- but decent amount of draw space/wardrobe meant we did not feel cramped. Rooms/Bathroom clean - great products. Staff really friendly and helpful. Stayed with my BF for x3 nights - my first time to NY and would recommend this place to anyone. Great deli 5 doors down for all your needs.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>cannuk40
<Content>Don"t expect any service at Hotel Mela The Day before I was to travel to New York, I became ill was hospitalized and couldnt make my trip...I called the Hotel Manager 4 times and never received a phone call back, what kind of Hotel calls it's self a superior hotel but cant call a client back? The Kicker is , the couple we were to travel withapproached the front desk during the time we were to be there and they advised them there were no rooms available . I hope nothing goes wrong during your visit.....  
<Date>Nov 18, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>funtootravel
<Content>FANTASTIC New York VALUE Hotel Mela is a BEST BUY for New York City. My husband and I are picky travellers and have high expectations when we stay at hotels...especially in large cities. Hotel Mela is FANTASTIC.The hotel is ideally located in mid-town Manhattan. You can be in the hub of Times Square by walking 1/2 block west of the hotel or in the quieter higher end area of 6th and 5th Avenue by walking 1/2 block east of the hotel.It is a small boutique hotel with EXCELLENT service. Chris, who checked us in, was extra nice and helpful. The room was small, but this is NYC and they are all small. With that said, we had a nice little desk/chair area for our luggage and a separate area with bed, TV and night stands. The decor is modern with little extras of WONDERFUL bedding and nice H2O bath products. Also, the hotel is spotless and the maid service was excellent.I cannot say enough great things about this hotel. And, thank you, TRIP ADVISOR, for yet again, helping to steer us to a wonderful hotel find. You cannot go wrong with the Hotel Mela.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jason8478
<Content>Overall a good experience Stayed at the Hotel Mela for 2 nights with my GF just for a weekend away. I found the rooms to be a little cramped but very clean... I didn't mind the size of the room since we were in NYC and not there to hang out in the room. The location is perfect for theater goers (even though we chose the weekend that the strike began, grrrrr) or anybody just looking to be a true NYC tourist. I would stay here again and would recommend it to anybody I liked :)  
<Date>Nov 13, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>jayfromfl
<Content>Great location, cute hotel I've stayed at this hotel twice for business, and will definitely stay again on future trips to New York City. It is close enough to the action of the big city, but small and quiet enough to give you solace when you need a break. They also have pretty good prices when you consider what nearby hotels charge. Yes, Hotel Mela's rooms are small, but so are most hotel rooms in NYC. The location of the hotel, coupled with its cleanliness, newly decorated modern rooms and the friendliness of the staff make up for the size of the rooms. Really, who spends that much time in their hotel room when Times Square is less than a minute away by foot?My only criticism about the hotel is that it can take forever for the valet crew to bring your bags (I waited 15 minutes one time). Other than that, I only have good things to say about this charming hotel.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JonnyLux
<Content>I can't possibly imagine a better place to stay in New York Look, this hotel is in downtown New York. It's a stepping stone away from Times Square, a casual jog away from Central Park and mere minutes away from the Empire State Building. Please, please do not expect that you will get a large room!So, if you resign yourself to the fact that your room here is probably going to be smaller than your home bedroom, then there is simply nothing else negative to say about it. As stated before, the location is just perfect. The rooms themselves are exquisitely finished to the highest standard that I recall ever seeing in a hotel. It's not cheap, but by New York standards, it's certainly not expensive either and represents great value for money. In short, it's just a brilliant place to stay in New York. Highly recommended.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	2	

<Author>TheImproperBostonian
<Content>Tiny room - too claustrophobic for anything but sleep! I stayed at the Hotel Mela in early October 2007 for one night on a business trip to NYC. Someone else chose the room for me, and as soon as I arrived I was sorry I wasn't staying at the Marriott Marquis (where I've stayed many times). My review is pretty much word for word what Amaklo said about their stay (I think we stayed in the same room!)The room was literally only 2 feet wider than the queen bed. I had to go out to walk around Times Square until I was ready to sleep - I didn't want to be in the room! I also had to move the basket of food away from the TV to watch it, and the closet wouldn't fit full-length clothes! The bathroom was thankfully not extraordinarily tiny. Everything was clean, nice linens, etc. The staff was very friendly. It's conveniently located in the heart of Times Square. However, I will never choose to stay at this hotel again due to the size of the room.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>luvmy3kids
<Content>Excellent Hotel, Price  We booked our rooms through Priceline for $250/night. It was excellent! The rooms are a bit smaller, but it wasn't a big deal and your in New York, so what can you expect. The bathroom was extremely clean with nice H20 products. I would say this is more of a boutique type hotel, which is exactly what we were hoping for. We loved that it wasn't a chain, like Marriott. The staff was very helpful with any questions we had. We had a problem with our phone, and no sooner did my husband leave the front desk, a man was heading up the elevator. Problem fixed. Service was impecable, as was the room and hotel. Would definately stay here again  recommend it!  
<Date>Oct 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>DC_Traveler88
<Content>Great if you can get a free upgrade and get a deal on the price! I booked this hotel because they were having a special rate (under $300). I booked the deluxe king, but they upgraded me to an executive room. The executive room was average size. I cannot imagine what the deluxe king room would have been like. The hotel staff is pleasant. I did not have any problems, but this is one of those hotels where it's fine now, but feels like it will pretty soon become a rundown hotel. The hotel is new, but it already has a that verge of being rundown feeling. I say it's fine if you not going to be in the room often, and you get a deal on the rate. The shower amenities were nice (h20 plus). The shower curtain and bathroom were clean. There were too many bulky couch and room pillows filling up what little space the room had. The bed was comfortable. There was a TV, but a huge basket full of snacks (which you will get charged for, but the prices are reasonable) blocks it, and there is nowhere else really to put the basket.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	4	3	4	

<Author>Amaklo
<Content>Overpriced, tiny room I stayed at the Hotel Mela the night of October 25, 2007. My company paid over $500 (including taxes) for a room slightly bigger than a walk-in closet, with a view of an air shaft and a building under construction next door (which began at 7AM). I had to move the basket of overpriced candy and nuts over to the window sill so I could see the TV. I had to move the TV to find the light switch for the overhead light behind it. I know New York's expensive and the hotel rooms tend to be small but this was ridiculous for the price paid. i have no complaints with the staff, who were all professional and courteous. But I won't stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	2	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ABTSydney_Australia
<Content>Stylish, Comfortable, Sexy but small rooms Got a great deal with hotwire.com on this property. The location is absoultely fantastic. 1 block from times square.The good: New, clean rooms, Luxury bed linen and towels. LCD TV with Cable, Great common areas and first class service. Restaurants nearby are very good and charge back to your room. Location is second to none and VERY New York. Decor is very stylish and Aircond worked perfectly. Great bed.The Bad; The rooms are small (but most Hotel rooms in NY are) and there is limited cupboard space. If youre travelling with a lot of luggage you may struggle. The room we had was lacking in Natural light as it looked onto a lightwell and other windows.Overall the hotel is charming and very well run. There is little to complain about but check out the room sizes if this concerns you. Keep in mind though that this Hotel represents outstanding value for money.I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MissAlmas
<Content>Wonderful hotel, Wonderful location!!! I read Trip advisor all the time and couldn't find a good review for a NY City hotel. This was newly renovated and didn't have any reviews at all. I took a chance and it was well worth it!!! The service was excellent, check in was great, and the rooms were clean. The biggest plus was the location - right at Times Square - you can't go wrong. I would definitely recommend and stay again!  
<Date>Oct 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Biz_leisure_travels
<Content>Great hotel I stayed at the Hotel Mela on business Sept. 26-28. It was a great choice - new, clean, modern, great amenities (H2O products), fantastic location. I would definitely stay here again. The hotel staff also went out of its way to accommodate. Great shopping and food nearby as well.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sauga79
<Content>Nice everything except size We stayed in 1403. The first thin you see when you open the door is how close you are to the wall from standing at the door way. Our superior queen bedroom' square footage just barely had enough for luggage on the floor. Going back and forth to the bed, you had to be slightly careful not to step on your own stuff cause space is limited. Nice furnitureVery cleanNice bath and bath productsBut it felt like a tiny dorm room.Aside from that, the people at Mela were all great and friendly. The restaurant next door Soju? was pretty expensive but it's really convenient. Much of the time is spent outside of the hotel. We were so active in the day that by the time we got back to our tiny room, we just slept and didn't mind the small space anymore.The greatest asset Mela is the location, a 1 minute walk away from Toys R Us at Time Sqr. The service is great!  
<Date>Oct 10, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Rodger-Dodger
<Content>!st Rate Hotel We should have stayed at the hotel Mela last year and were relocated by the Manager to another Hotel uptown.Mr Lopez and Mr Nelson who are the general manager and front office manager offered us a return visit FOC for the inconvenience. So in Spetember we took the offer.................The Hotel is in a perfect location just off Times Square and very close to tube stations etc. The hotel from was a little hard to find in Sept as there were lots of scaffold in a next door building - so keep you eyes peeled for the Hotel signit has a chic lobby, the desk staff very polite and courteous.Our room was lovely and clean with very classy fixtures and fittings - as other posters have commented - some of the rooms are very small, that is my only negative comment on the Mela.A very nice place to stay.................cant wait to return!  
<Date>Oct 10, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>grove15
<Content>convient location Hotel nice  clean with large lobby, liked the ease of taking your own luggage without the hassles of over attentive bus boys looking for a tip, Room very nice the maid did us proud everyday  the size 1407 14th floor was great, not too small at all as was wary of this judging by past reviews, could be a little noisy from the street but not the hotels fault.There was dirty trays outside rooms from the room service left over 24 hrs  the linen cart left in the hallways but thats no biggy, nice touch having maid bring chocolates  asking if more towels were needed every evening.Was a little disappointed on our final night having booked at 4.30am  4.45am wake up call for our flight home this didnt happen good job we set our own, apart from that id use again.Great location felt like smack in the middle of any direction we wanted to go, value for money tip half way through the week we discovered dunhills deli in the next street 45th? coffee $1  a great 2 egg potato toast  bacon breakfast for æ‹¢3.25 bargain!  
<Date>Oct 5, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	5	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>DTpost
<Content>guilt-free luxury as a frequent traveler to the big apple, iéˆ¥æªe stayed at a lengthy list of midtown accomodations. this, however, would be my first trip to nyc where i would be paying the bill rather than using the corporate charge. although swiping my own plastic, i refused to forgo my usual comforts; because when it comes to hotels in new york city, there are certain things that are simply essential (luxury and location) and others that are completely implausible (space and silence).i chose hotel mela because of its 4-star rating (luxuryéˆ¥î›‰heck!) and, since i was on a mission to find the perfect party dress, its proximity to great shopping (locationéˆ¥î›Šouble check!). beyond that, the price was unbeatable. i was visiting the city during fashion week  the u.s. open, so rooms were scarce and prices were fierce. hotel mela was the only luxury hotel with an available room for less than $400 a night. i could barely believe it, myself!upon arrival, i was pleasantly suprised by the tasteful decor, friendly staffers, and comfortable (although teeny) quarters. i also adored the modern crimson lobby, the french-vietnamese restaurant, and flat screen lcd in my room. hotel mela can rival the swankiness of the paramount or hudson, but at a fraction of the cost. so, for a chic midtown experience with an extra bill in your pocket for broadway or babbo, you can pick up the tab at hotel mela with a smile.--blogger, dtpost  
<Date>Sep 16, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>a79flh3873
<Content>Very convenient, very thin walls This is a very trendy and recently furnished hotel, but the sound from the hallways and from the adjacent rooms really ruined an otherwise peaceful stay. :(The bed was excellent as were the furnishings, the hotel staff was courteous and checkout was fast and efficient.The location is very nice, right off Times Square.I had a king bed in the medium size room which was fine for one person, two would be okay too...the robe was very thin, the TV was good and the internet access was quick. The soaps were nice, the bathroom tastefully sparse and small.Storage was acceptable and the carpet was new and clean. The window decorations were good and the windows open, another plus if you are there when the air is cooler.The temperature controls were easy to use as was the alarm clock and TV.  
<Date>Sep 9, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JoeJimSeanMom
<Content>Shockingly bad hotel-waste of money! I CANNOT believe that I just spent $400 for a room that barely even fit the queen sized bed we requested (it felt more like a full-sized). My husband and I could barely be in the room together at the same time with our luggage - there was nowhere to put it! There weren't enough towels for one person, let alone two, and there was no fan or exhaust system in the bathroom - so when you took a shower, the hotel room was also steamy. To make things worse, there is no coffee maker in the room - and it took me 5 calls to room service to even order my $8 pot (about 2 cups worth) of coffee. If we were going to be in town for more than one night, I would have left - TOO SMALL!On the plus side, it was clean, and everything in the room (furniture, bedding) seemed new. Good location if you like noisy Times Square and the theatre area, but I feel like I got ripped off big time!  
<Date>Sep 8, 2007
<Rating>2	1	1	4	5	3	2	-1	

<Author>Hawaii_Girl
<Content>Small gem in Times Square area There's a proliferation of new boutique hotels in this area, just one block up on W. 45th Street are the Hotel QT (by Andre Balazs) and Hotel Night (by Vikram Chatwal), both looked just as interesting, but overall, we were extremely happy with the Hotel Mela. There's something down-to-earth about all the staff we encountered, and the hotel doesn't try too hard to be cool or hip, it's just a great little friendly place.I was initially concerned, okay, down-right scared, about how small the rooms were going to be, especially because we had booked such a great rate. But upon check-in (during the Labor Day weekend no less) we were upgraded to a twin size room when asked if it were available. We did take a look at the other rooms, they vary in size and shape, and yes, there are two very small rooms that basically are just a few feet larger than the bed. But there are two places in this world where space is always cramped, and that's Manhattan and Tokyo. So just be prepared and brace yourself for smaller-than-usual rooms.The free wi-fi was a definite plus, there is also a LAN line in the room for those who prefer it. The last time I stayed at the Westin we paid $15 per day for internet, and it's like that in a lot of the chain hotels. A bit of a warning for those who need lobby ambiance and such: it's pretty small and has just about enough space for a few different parties to wait around. This didn't bother us one bit, and I was almost glad that they didn't waste a lot of money on the lobby and instead put it to good use in the guestrooms. We loved the H2O bath products as other guest mentioned. Come and stay here as soon as you can, it's been my experience that a lot of small hotels will start off with high end bath amenities, but when it comes to cutting costs, these are the first to go as they switch to less expensive generic brands.Now for my secret tips: right on the corner of 6th Ave and 44th St (walk out of the hotel and take a right, away from Times Square) there's a little silver street vendor who's coffee is surprisingly fresh, good and cheap! A soft bagel with cream cheese (no skimping on the cream cheese either) was $1 - read ONE DOLLAR! We brought these back to the hotel for a quick bite. My other tip is for shoppers: carry around the small publication in the room, Front Desk NY. There are SUPER HANDY maps of 5th Ave, Soho, Nolita, Meat Packing, and Chelsea that show the location of all the stores by name so it was easy to see exactly where you wanted or needed to go. We used these maps every day and it was really helpful when looking for restaurants and shops. By the way, we liked the staff so much that we brought back Magnolia cupcakes for them...and I was pleasantly surprised when the hotel's GM emailed to say thanks. From start to finish, we had a great stay.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TPXB
<Content>Back Again! We stayed at this property in July and really liked it. It was convenient, clean and fun. We received a promotion for a $169 rate for Labor Day weekend and decided to stay for my wifeéˆ¥æªš birthday. When we arrived my wife informed them that it was her birthday and they upgraded us (and the other couple with us) to a small suite. It was a great room.Other reviews have talked about some issues:1. Small rooms: I have been in smaller rooms in NYC. The W New York has much smaller rooms. These rooms are on the small size but well appointed and outfitted. 2. The basket of goodies: In our first room I found this to be in the way, so when I arrived I put on top of the wardrobe (closet). Also I thought some of the prices for the items in the mini-bar were reasonable, such as $2 for a soda, many of the items were over priced but you donéˆ¥æª› take them and go across 6th Avenue and get what you want at a Duane Reed.3. Amenities: It doesnéˆ¥æª› have a concierge or a large staff but it does have room service and I found the front desk to be very accommodating and helpful. The bellboys were always asking us if we need anything.I have stayed in at least 10 different hotels in Manhattan and I would put the Hotel Mela at the top for the price. It is in a great location (particularly for first time visitors), it has great beds and its fun. Thatéˆ¥æªš all you need.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>traveler29943
<Content>small room, poor service = unhappy guests Hotel Mela was a disappointment. After my stay this past weekend I would not return. The rooms were small, simple requests were not attended to, housekeeping did not clean our room until late afternoon, and there was an overall feeling that the staff simply did not care. The location was decent and lobby decor trendy. Those are the only highlights I can remember. I strongly suggest you book elsewhere. Hotel Mela is forgettable.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	3	2	-1	

<Author>harrypecker
<Content>5 days of Mela My wife and I had a great time at Hotel Mela and look forward to returning. Thestaff was wonderful starting with the front desk upon our arrival. We were surprised to receive an upgrade on our room for our 8 year anniversary. Mela was very well located around Time Square and easy to pick up the subway to go south into SOHO, Chinatown and the Financial District. We saw Wicked at the Gershwin 8 blocks North. We also walked to David Letterman the second night of our stay. We could not have had a more enjoyable time in N.Y. I believe it is because we found the jewel right in the center. Hotel Mela not Central Park. However the Park was Fabulous.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Jan1944
<Content>Great Staff at the Hotel Mela Our stay at Hotel Mela was quite enjoyable. Nice size room for a NYC Hotel..bathroom enormous. Nicely appointed with items one needs on a trip (iron/board, hair dryer, coffee maker  misc. toiletries. LOVED their bath soap and shampoo. The staff was very friendly and accommodating. Check-in and out was easy.This will be my hotel of choice whenever I visit NYC in the future.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>Globetrotter018
<Content>Excellent stay at Hotel Mela We stayed six nights at Hotel Mela in mid July 2007 in a king deluxe room and we were extremely satisfied with almost everything about the hotel. Great location and friendly staff. The room was clean and with tip top modern interior decoration. Good value for money. The only thing we weren't fully satisfied with was that we experienced some problems with the complimentary wireless internet access, it was not very dependable.We can highly recommend a stay at Hotel Mela.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>Lorelai65
<Content>Wonderful Hotel! Perfect Location       Front logo  
<Date>Aug 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>APotter
<Content>Hip elegance near Times Square With a great location in midtown Manhattan, spacious and well-decorated rooms, and friendly staff, this new boutique hotel is a good deal. We stayed two nights, with a 2-twin room for the kids and a King single for the parents. Happily, the rooms were bigger than the web-site photos indicated, with a cool blue-green decor, comfortable beds, high-end linens and soaps, and good lighting, creating a peaceful, quiet refuge from the city. An easy walk to the Top of the Rock, MoMA, Broadway shows, and subway lines. The bountiful mini-bar and candy basket, the good restaurants across the street, the grocery shop down the block, provided all services the hotel didn't have on site. The price was lower than comparable hotels in the area.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	5	

<Author>jakeWestPalmBeach
<Content>A most pleasant experience We actually booked two deluxe rooms at Mela as our son and his girlfriend were accompanying us for the five days we were visiting New York. In advance of arrival I had requested higher floors, as I had heard the noise levels from the street could be bothersome and was very pleased to find the kids' room was on the 15th floor and ours on the 11th. Even though both rooms faced 44th Street they were very quiet indeed.The kids' room seemed a bit smaller and had a bathtub. Ours had a desk and shower only, which suited us fine. Yes, the rooms are small, but beautifully appointed, luxurious even and as we were pretty well there only to sleep, it was no big deal.The staff certainly were friendly and attentive, providing extra bathrobes and promptly delivering additional toiletries like shampoo when required. Never left or entered the hotel without an enthusiastic enjoy your day or welcome back. That was nice.Location is excellent, lots of thngs to do within walking distance and great restaurants and bars right on 44th.Would definately stay at Mela again, ditto for the kids.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jukes1
<Content>made our stay the best! We arrived in NY after a long indirect flight and really wanted to find a great hotel-with the hotel Mela this is exactly what we got!!Its everything you need and we HIGHLY recommend it.Why?- Spot on service..ian and john Paul (and all other we came across) on reception were really friendly, helpful and catered for our every request immediately. - Great location..just round the corner from times square, midtown ..thought we might hear noise but not a sound (we were on the 12th floor) think there were 17 floors. - Room was just what we needed for us..smart and modern..VERY comfy bed and great flatscreen tv. This hotel topped off our great holiday ..would definately recommend it to others and go back  
<Date>Aug 23, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TheJoinersUK
<Content>Simply Fantastic!!! We arrived last weds, 15th and wow, what a surprise. Gorgeous hotel in a fantastic location. 200 yards from Times Square , what more could you want?Staff were very friendly, but not in an over the top way.We will be booking this hotel again, really dont want them to wish me happy birthday, how sad is that?  
<Date>Aug 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>texastraveler50
<Content>Great Stay! Great hotel close to Times Square. Stayed 5 nights, lovely room, comfortable beds and friendly staff.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>TBailey
<Content>Can't wait to return to Hotel Mela My husband and I just returned from a 3 night stay in New York. We only stayed one night at Hotel Mela due to using hotel points at another hotel. Our room was beyond our expectations. The room was a bargain at $209 a night, but I have a feeling that once they get people hooked (like us) the rate will rise. The room was very clean and nicely decorated. The room had a European feel and reminded us of a hotel we stayed in last year in Rome. My husband enjoyed the complementary in-room internet. The bed and bedding were so comfortable. We had a side room which was so quiet at night. We would have loved to stay our entire time at Hotel Mela. We can't wait to go back.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>chadwickap
<Content>great choice of hotel for our week in NYC My wife and 14 yo son shared a small but clean and comfotable room for our visit to NYC. I called the hotel direct and spoke with Pamela in reservations who could not have been more helpful. we soon found that staff from domestics to concierge were pleasant and helpful without exception.Our room was cleaned daily and sheets were changed. The bathroom was small but adequate. The decor was contempory producing a relaxing airconditioned environment...a real haven in the heart of this vibrant city.the view from the window wasnt great...looking over rooftops..but for us the view wasnt that important. The bed was very comfortable. The location suited us well. Turn left and times sq is 100m away. Turn R and you are on your way to Bryant park with its.subway connection.The red flame diner is also about 100 to the right on leaving. Here you will get a reasonably priced hearty breakfast.No hestation in recommending this hotel.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>frombalto
<Content>Great hotel in great location We spent one night at the Hotel Mela. The room was very nice. The bathroom was also nice (and clean) with products from H2O. We had a package that included parking and breakfast at the restaurant next door which was excellent. The location is excellent - right off Times Square. Overall highly recommend.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Kreskin2207
<Content>Lovely Boutique Hotel off of Times Square Outstanding service, clean room, great location and value; what else could you possibly want? This is a boutique hotel, so you can't expect the rooms to be huge. If you want a large room, look elsewhere, but this is New York...how much are you really going to be in the room? The room I was in was actually a pretty good side; very comparable to other NYC hotels (that aren't boutiques). Flat panel television, lovely snack basket (with reasonable prices), mini bar, extremely well appointed room, clean bathroom, comfy bed with many pillows, etc. - this place is a winner. I got a hotel room, off of Times Square, for $199/night on a Saturday night in New York! I can't say enough about this hotel. I honestly thought about not posting a review because I don't want to give away this secret hotel! LOVE IT!  
<Date>Aug 13, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>happytraveler7779
<Content>Comfortable, clean boutique hotel close to TImes Square We stayed shortly after the hotel opened and enjoyed the clean, modern suite, with additional free upgrade. The staff was very accomodating and helped us with directions and recommendations. The hotel was very modern, quiet, but not too far from the tourist attractions and Times Square.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>sarafromqatar
<Content>wonderful experience i spend 5 days with my boy friend in this amazingly clean hotel ! what a great location its real real good everything nearby and one step from time sequare! i loved living in the actionit was my 1st time to the state after 16hrs flight i found them so welcoming great stuff got to my room very quick . 4 days was enough in this hotel i been traveling and all along my trip i missed the ceanliness of this hotel there no other hotel like it.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>lynnpr
<Content>What a nice surprise I chose it based on price and reviews.I was thrilled to walk into a room that reminded me more of a bed and breakfast decor instead of a stark hotel room.The view was brick courtyard.Flat screen tv, very comfy assorted pillows on the bed, which was also very comfortable.Little things like coffee not being replaced, used glasses not being replaced, having to order ice (which means a tip) instead of helping yourself. No biggie. Just things that should be standard. Might have been a new maid.They have a giant basket of chocolates and treats that you will be billed massive amounts of money for if you eat any of the food. Same with the mini bar. I was afraid to drop the basket as I had to move it around the room. There was not a lot of table top and they sat it right in front of the tv. The lobby is tiny. The elevator hold only about 4 people. It says 3000 pounds, but they are tiny. We never had to wait very long however, because there are not a lot of people in the hotel.It was nice to have a small hotel, short hallways, and 10 seconds from room to the street. Ok maybe 30.Staff was very accommodating. The little oriental restaurant attached to the hotel charges 24 dollars for a breakfast of juice, fruit cup, eggs, The coffee was 3.50 for a little cup. I was very ticked off at that.You can walk to a ton of places within 5 minutes.Even MacDonalds on the corner of 6th and 47th (3 blocks away).Walk to everything Broadway and around town. You can even walk from Penn Station if you don't have heavy luggage. Straight up 7th ave 10 blocks.When the rates go up I will go back to my main stay, The Edison, but it is really nice while it lasts.I will definately stay again if I can afford it.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>flyerfan22_19115
<Content>Small hotel, good location I booked one night at Hotel Mela based on a Travelzoo weekly Top 20 promotion. It was a great price for NY - $241 including taxes for a Friday night in April. I usually stick to Hilton properties, but figured Iéˆ¥æª‡ give Mela a shot for the great rate. I was looking forward to celebrating my birthday with Broadway shows and a brand new hotel.We checked in on my birthday, which was not acknowledged by the staff. We booked a superior queen room, and it was very small and poorly designed. There was less than 6 inches between the end of the bed and the dresser éˆ¥?barely enough room for person to get by. The bathroom sink had a glass shelf that was not flush against the wall and wasnéˆ¥æª› level. I was afraid to put anything on it, as it dropped right off the back of the shelf! I know it is a minor nuisance, but still éˆ¥?how difficult is it to level a bathroom shelf?The location was OK, but I prefer to be closer to 7th or 8th Street. The room was clean, and the hotel was quiet enough. Overall, our stay was worth the discounted price. At regular prices, I would certainly not book Hotel Mela again.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>murphykds
<Content>Worst experience in NY The hotel I normally stay at in NYC was booked. I booked the Hotel Mela as a package through US Airways. What an awful experience. The rooms were tiny--I listened to couple after couple beg to be put in a larger room only to be told it would be another $100 plus per night. There is no concierge and really no bell person. The front desk staff was very unhelpful even doing simple things like getting us a cab. It took 45 minutes just to get ice to the room. There is no way to get help with tickets or dinner reservations. We ended up using the services at the Marriott and the Broadway Millenium across the street.A large part of the space minus the bed in the room is taken up with a basket full of items they want you to buy and a charge bar. There is no drawer space and a tiny closet. Service seemed to worse for those who booked a package--probably figured we had already paid and there was nothing we could do.You can do a lot better in NYC.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	5	3	1	1	1	

<Author>swellin
<Content>i liked it i actually found this hotel immaculately clean, well proportioned and generally top notch...yes rooms arent very big but it is new york and we didnt find it a problem  
<Date>Aug 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>whateverintexas
<Content>outstanding bargain!       Here is the queen bed in the Superior Queen room (the smallest room)  
<Date>Aug 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JDPA038
<Content>Great Staff Hotel was new and getting fixed up but once in the room, the stay was excellent. Gym was good from hotel gym standards. The best part was the staff, extremely friendly and helpful. Housekeeping was fantastic.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>IrelandFirstClass
<Content>Small but good Spent 6 nights at the Mela - location is excellent - right next to Time Square but the street is quiet. Great diner, the Dunhill on 45th between 6th and 7th. Good Irish Pubs around on 45th as well - the Perfect Pint has a smoking terrace. The hotel itself is great - rooms are small we had a deluxe king - which was about as small as is comfortable for 2 people. But the location, the cleanliness, the decor and the H2O products really do make up for it. The staff are polite - we really only dealt with them at check-in. One word of caution - I did get the hotel to arrange a pick-up at JFK for me...which they did. Arrived no sign of the driver - couldn't get cellphone reception and we were afraid to move in case we missed him. Eventually, we called the hotel and the driver was outside at passenger pick-up. We had been told that he would wait for us inside the terminal...in the end the driver charged us éˆ§?5 for the wait time - I should have complained at the time - and I don't know why i didn't. But overall - a great experience.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	3	4	4	

<Author>SilviaY
<Content>Great Location and efficient service We stayed in New York in March and the hotel had only been opened for a couple of months. At the time the reception was very small and at a bit cramped, especially with people checking in and out of the hotel. The revolving door was not working and we all have to queue by a single door with all our suitcases. We found it funny that when it came to our turn, the doorman walked past us to help some girls behind us with their suitcases éˆ¥î›ell they were pretty.The first night my boyfriend tried to open the window and the handle came off however we only had to wait for a few minutes for someone to come and repair it.Everyday we overheard people complaining about their room size and elevatoréˆ¥æªš noise but we were lucky and had not complaints at all. By European standards we had a spacious room with all modern facilities and in a quiet part of the building. We loved the plump and cosy duvet and the bathroom productsThe location is excellent as it is in the midst of things, just a stone throw from the subway and bus stops. Will definitely stay here again next time we head to NYC.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>WorldTraveler526
<Content>Cozy boutique hotel       Big bed, tiny room  
<Date>Jul 16, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>valerita
<Content>Lovely hotel My friend I and I stayed at this hotel from July 5-9/07.We did alot of research on hotels prior to booking. This turned out to be a great choice.The rooms were beautifully decorated.We had a twin room.The rooms are alittle on the small side but this didn't bother us. The hotel is located right next to Time Square and Theatres.You couldn't get a better location! The Hotel was very quiet.Service was great.Would highly recommend!!!  
<Date>Jul 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>BLopes
<Content>Nasty Manager -KEN I travel alot and majority of the time I book through a third party,(which means my room and tax have allready been paid for when I get to the hotel). The morning of my departure I recieved a bill with room and tax charges. I showed the front desk agent and she said it was probably a mistake but she had to inform her manager KEN. KEN was apparently the front desk manager on duty with a nasty attitude. He was arguing with me telling me my priceline reservation was not a prepaid reservation. I had confirmation showing that I paid $1700 forboth airfare and hotel charges, but he was insisting that I was wrongand that my confirmation was not enough information for him. After a while of arguing back and forth I left the hotel that morning and came back in the afternoon too find out the outcome of my PRE-PAID reservaion was indeed allready paid for by priceline!!That KEN was just pure nasty and obviously KEN can't apprehend what a manager should do. KEN, don't be to quick to judge, study the case before deciding on the status. BAD KEN! I think this is the time when a superior can learn from their agents.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2007
<Rating>2	3	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Travelor29
<Content>Hotel Mela I just returned from a week end in New York and stayed at the Hotel Mela, June 29-July 1. Though rooms are small, it was just perfect for me. Clean and well appointed, the rooms have hypo-allergenic bedding. The staff was friendly and helpful. I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Verdun
<Content>Mela was great My wife and I traveled from Atlanta and stayed here over a weekend in late June based on the reviews, and we weren't disappointed! It is very modern, clean, and wonderfully located in the Theater District. The room was perfectly decorated and very livable. The only negative is that everything is very small. As two women in the elevator (which holds four people maximum) said: It's like a minature hotel. The lobby was small, the room was small, the bed was small, the desk was small, the window was small, and the bath was small. I felt a little bit like a hobbit in Lord of the Rings. Having said that, the rate was good, the location was great, the staff was very pleasant, and all the furnishings were first rate. We would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>JimboBerkshire
<Content>Great Hotel in a Fantastic Location Having never been to New York before we had read reviews on so many hotels but found other travellers to be spot on with their reviwes of the Mela. We stayed in a double - room 713. The room was well appointed and decor was excellent. Room was clean and the bed very comfortable. It was a little on the small side, but hey we were in the heart of Times Square, and paid a very reasonable price for our stay !!. We could not fault the location or the staff. Would stay at this hotel again and have already reccommended to our friends  
<Date>Jul 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>AtlGlobeTrotter
<Content>A Nice Find My partner and I recently traveled to NY. During a casual conversation with a friend who visits NY often he mentioned Hotel Mela. So I immediately came to TripAdvisor to get some reviews. i booked several hotels and in the end decided to stay at Hotel Mela.We arrived late Friday afternoon and were greeted by a courteous staff. We were a little concerned about the location since we did NOT want to be in Times Square. The hotel web site was accurate in saying they were a block or two away from Times Squre.Knowing that several folks had suggested I get a high floor room we asked for a higher floor after initially being given the 10th floor. We ended up with a room on the 16th floor. Wanted to make certain we avoided any street noise.The room was very nicely appointed. We booked the Executive Junior Suite. I wished I had looked at the Executive King since someone from the hotel mentioned he preferred the Executive King. Both had the same rate.It was hot in NY that weekend and our AC worked beautifully. Nice flat panel TV was also in the room. Pretty decent closet space.My one small gripe was the small bathroom. While it was very clean it was just small. We could never be in the bathroom at the same time and had to alternate using the sink and mirror. On the plus side the shower did have a window that allowed bright sunlight to come in. Of course folks on the outside could not see in.The conceirge was amazing. We often asked them to assist us with the address of a restaurnat for which we could not remember the name of the restaurant. Only the general street location. They also gave us great tips on where we should go to watch the PRIDE parade. Housekeeping was very good. We never saw them but the room was always cleaned. Turn Down service was cute.I would definitley stay here again. If you book on Mela's web site you might want to recheck rates periodically. I did this often and saw their rates flucuate....but not always UP as your visit date got closer. By checking in regularly I was able to LOWER our rates. The restaurant next door had just opened. They bill themselves as a Vietnamese French restaurant. Food was amazing. Be sure to include this hotel on your list.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	3	4	4	5	4	

<Author>pz25
<Content>Fantastic Stay..... This was my second time to NY, and i was looking for something centrally located. Got a fabulous rate booking directly with the hotel, and spent 5 nights in the Big Apple in late April. The hotel is brand new, and quite tastefully done. I agree that the rooms are on the smaller side, but they were well designed, making use of all space. I was very impressed with the decor, the staff were fantastic (very friendly and knowledgeable), and the location cant be beat! Literally 100m to Times Square!! And i got a room at the back of the hotel, and i was actually surprised how little street noise there was. There is no restaurant on site, but there are several little deli's in the street to grab some breakfast on the run, and plenty of restaurants around for evening meals. If you are looking for a Twin room, which i was, make sure you confirm this prior to arrival, as 'double' doesnt mean 'twin'.!! Will definately stay here again, and will reccommend to others!!  
<Date>Jun 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>CityFreak
<Content>Added to a perfect short getaway We were in NYC for business/pleasure. We have stayed at the Penn Club on W 44th St. before and love the location which is central to everything and just a few blocks from our business contacts.Although we had a slight glitch on checking in, (The door man took our luggage and told us it would be waiting in our room when we returned. Upon return, we were told by the front dest that they don't offer bellman service and had to bring the bags up ourselves - and this after giving the doorman a generous tip!) the rest of the stay was wonderful. Room was about average size for standard NYC and was well appointed and clean. Bed was extra comfortable. Heard no street noise at all. Fitness center had Life Fitness eqiupment in pristine condition and complementary fresh fruit and bottled water. Housekeeping staff went out of their way to be pleasant and helpful. Guests were cosmopolitan, quiet and pleasant. Spent wonderful late-nights at St. Andrew's Pub downstairs. Would gladly return.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mks1
<Content>2nd Stay at Hotel Mela I stayed at Hotel Mela, for the second time in the past four months, last weekend. I booked a Deluxe King this time (vs. the Queen Superior last time) and was very favorably surprised by the extra room in both the room itself and the bathroom. For NYC, it was actually a larger-than-average room. The H2O shampoo/lotion/bath gel are also super-sized! I paid $310 and booked on the hotel website several months in advance vs. the $200 I paid for the superior room in February. Once again, I had a great stay. The only negative was the very loud air conditioning unit which turned on and off literally every few minutes. The air conditioning also seemed to have a hard time keeping up with the heat which was hot - in the upper 80s - but by no means as hot as NYC can get.I highly recommend this hotel for people who don't need many hotel amenities like a large lobby, bar/restaurant, nice workout facility, etc. If you are coming to enjoy the city, it is a great location, on a quiet street off of Times Square, the rooms have great beds, high quality linens and bath amenities and they're new!  
<Date>Jun 7, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	3	3	4	4	

<Author>murgo
<Content>Loved Mela My husband and I stayed at Mela for our 1-year anniversary trip to the city (I got a good rate on travel zoo). The hotel was great éˆ¥?perfect location, clean and modern, and a nice staff.  After hearing so many people complain about the size of the rooms, we were quite surprised; there was plenty of room to get suitcases on both sides of the bed, and a small wardrobe to hang some things in. And besides- who comes to NYC to hang out in their room, anyway? Our hotel room was also surprisingly quiet at night. It was far enough away from the main street that we couldnéˆ¥æª› hear the traffic. Comfy beds, too éˆ¥?we slept great! Oh, and we saved $$ by taking the AirTrain  Subway to get here from JFK. I highly recommend doing that if youéˆ¥æª™e on a budget. Will definitely recommend Mela to friends.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>alwaystravellight
<Content>Not a four star, repeat, not a four star, repeat not a four star. Booked hotel thru Piceline, paid top dollar, thought I was staying ina four star hotel, Hotel Mela isn't anywhere close to a fourstart hotel. Staff was nice, lobby is congest and not 4 star, work out facilities below par, elevators are so strange, doors are only half size so they make getting on and off difficult, bathrooms are tight.If you go expecting a three star hotel and get it for a great rate (well under $300) you will be happy, if you pay top dollar and think you are staying at a 4 star hotel you will be greatly disappointed. Have never felt ripped off by a hotel stay before but this experienceleft me feeling mislead.  
<Date>May 28, 2007
<Rating>3	1	1	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>Scrach
<Content>Loved Hotel Mela! My husband and I stayed at the Hotel Mela May 9- 16. What a great find! We were in New York to celebrate my birthday and had booked a standard queen room. My husband contacted the manager of the hotel Mr. Lopez and he kindly upgraded us to a deluxe king room. The room was a good size with a large bathroom. Furnishings were lovely and bed very comfortable. Style of room was quite modern. Housekeeping was wonderful- so friendly and polite. On my birthday I found a selection of mini cupcakes and a birthday card left on my pillow. I also peeked in a standard room and while small,it was still lovely and more than doable for two people. All the staff were very friendly and helpful. Great location, right off of Times Square, but far enough away from the noise. We will recommend the Mela to our friends and hope to return very soon. A great new addition to N.Y.C.!!  
<Date>May 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>HoosierBuff
<Content>Great place, great location I got my room for the Hotel Mela on Hotwire. It was a great value for the price.The location is excellent, close to public transit, and just off time square. The area is a bit touristy, but, its not a far walk to more authentic areas.The decor, and overall ambience were great. Service was fine (I didn't ask for much). The rooms were clean, comfortable and aesthetically appealing. They had wifi throughout the place, and the gym was complimentary.I've had bigger rooms in NYC, and I've had smaller rooms. . . I would say these rooms are about average in size, to slightly smaller than average. . . given what I read on here, I was expecting much smaller. I think these rooms were bigger than the one I had at the W on Lexington.  
<Date>May 15, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>TheKentTraveller
<Content>Practical and great location My other half and I stayed at the Hotel Mela last month for a 4 day city break and thoroughly enjoyed ourselves, we didn't have any qualms with the hotel at all. The location is fab, round the corner from Times Square and within walking distance to everything else. Yes, the rooms are small but they're also very clean and practical with everything you need, right down to a dressing gown, safe, champagne bucket, iron and flatscreen TV. The lifts are tiny, but how long do you spend in the lifts?! We found the reception staff very helpful at all times and the reception area was immaculate with scented candles burning all day/night - it created quite an ambience! The cleaners always said hello as did the porters - everyone was friendly and willing to help if required. It's a great base for exploring the city and a good price for a new, modern hotel in the heart of it all. If you prefer more traditional or older style hotels then don't stay here as it's quite funky and modern but certainly a good hotel.  
<Date>May 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Chimpo
<Content>Great location ! Enjoyed our stay at the Hotel Mela ! Key points;- My wife and I stayed at Hotel Mela for 4 nights in May- First time in New York- Hotel in great location for Times Square, 5th Ave, Broadway, Restaurants and bars, NY airports- Rooms very clean and contempary decor- Our standard room was small but I understand this is the norm in NY- Friendly staff- Great Scottish restaurant and bar next door called St Andrews- Would use this hotel again as perfect for visit to NYNY is great and the Hotel Mela made the visit perfect !Thanks !  
<Date>May 14, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>bebycik
<Content>Yes, small rooms BUT.... I booked this hotel mostly because of location.... and because they offer H2O+ bath products in the rooms (I have my priorities!)The hotel just opened in 2007, so it's nice and clean without any suspicious smells/mold anywhere to be found unlike in a lot of older hotels in the city. Reception area is neat and the staff is friendly and fast. The rooms ARE tiny but we were not staying much in the room anyway, so it worked well for us. This is definitely not your giant suburban Marriott room-- think small boutique space common for NYC. The decor is modern and elegant and the bedding is to die for! Fluffy pillows, nice soft bed. Bathroom was clean and not as small as other reviewers might lead you to believe. Of course, the main draw of Mela is location-- 1/2 from Times Square but still quiet enough for us to sleep through the night. Hotels located so close to Times Square usually charge $500+ a room, so this is a reasonable option without a need to lower your standards. The level of service and room size is compatible to The Time hotel a couple blocks away, but the Time is more expensive (it was my first choice but I could not afford it.)  
<Date>May 7, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>pccookie
<Content>Great place to stay Our stay at the hotel was GREAT! Friendly staff and quick check in. The room was beautiful and very comfortable. The elevator were a bit small but no big deal. Great location just around the corner from Good Morning America and Starbuck! I enjoyed my stayed and will return in November for some pre-christmas shopping. Cookie  Jorge  
<Date>May 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>greenejerry
<Content>Don't Believe the Reviews - Read This First "The Terror of Tinytown" The staff is fine but the rooms here are so small as to defy belief. I booked my room based on the positive reviews but after I checked in I began to question who these people were that wrote these great things. If you want to rent a room so small that you can't even open your luggage except on your bed, you've found the right place.  
<Date>May 3, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>dabirds
<Content>Enjoyed our stay! Nice, clean, new hotel. Easy check in. Staff was very helpful. We had a room at the end of the hall and it was pretty quiet. Room and elevators were a little on the small side, buts its NYC. Great location. Would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>May 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>mseningen
<Content>Quaint, fantastic location, great staff Started off auspicious as to the sounds of jack hammers outside their door. But we got a room on the back half of the hotel.Got slight upgrade to a queen -- not a ton of room -- but enough.Three of us in the room (2 adults and a 7yr old) was tight at times,but they had plenty of space for storage of clothes. Daughter hadenough room for a pallet on the floor. Location was superb, service excellent.Amenities just not there to be called a 4*, but a decent 3* that was clean and nice room amenities.Bed and linens comfortable. Storage of luggage bothbefore and after staff was a great asset.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>ShelleyC12
<Content>Location, Location, Location I booked this hotel for a weekend without totally realizing the location - it was perfect, everything is literally outside of the door.I like the fact that it is on one of the side streets, so we took time to try all the restaurants and bars on that street (and avoid the tourist traps). Yes, the room is small, but it is clean and well decorated.I like staying at Boutiques because of the personal service and the Mela service delivered on that. Our luggage was stored for us, bus schedules printed, NY rangers schedules printed, recommendations for plays, and a how was your day everyday that we came back to the hotel.I'm planning another trip to this hotel and have recommended to several people.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>old-man-orange
<Content>Nice Location ... Good Pick Saw a deal on TRAVELZOO for a nice rate $219. It is a new boutique hotel that aims to please. If you are in NYC for Broadway Show and major Touristy Things then this location 44th St 6/7 th Ave is right in the middle, it is quite busy here if you are looking for quiet and slow ...this is not it.The staff was real nice. The lobby is nicely done, but small and not great for hanging out as we had 14 friends together for weekend. They are in the middle of construction on Asia restaurant and lounge which should be a great draw when it opens in June 2007. The standard rooms are small as they are in Times Square and space is a premium, but decorated quite nice and neat. If you can upgrade to Executive Queen it is a fair bit larger.Overall ... good expeience, nice staff ... would give it a 3.5 to 4 Stars  
<Date>Apr 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Morrisfrnk
<Content>Nice business hotel Wonderful stay! I am a business traveler -- abut 80K miles a year. I normally stay at Marriott and/or Hilton. I must say that i was very impressed with the service and comfort of the hotel. The decor allows relaxation after busy meetings. Other hotels should follow the same decor...modern, clean and comfortable. There is no long wait in the elevators. Close to restaurants, subway, train station and over 5 STARBUCKS!! F  
<Date>Apr 15, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>sbj
<Content>The end of a saga... and I'm very impressed We were supposed to stay in October but the hotel delays meant that we were switched to the Mansfield and offered compensatory dates over Easter.Firstly, in terms of room size - we stayed in the Executive room and it was plenty big enough with ample storage space and much larger than a lot of rooms I've seen in the comparible price range - (if room size is going to be a big problem to you the don't go through Priceline or book the smallest room in ANY NYC hotel because chances are you will be disappointed). The rooms are also done really nicely - nice colour scheme, flat panel TV, coffee maker and exceptionally comfortable beds.The location is also fine, located half a block from Times Square, so exceptionally convenient for everything in Midtown.What differentiates the Mela from many NYC hotels that I've stayed in before is the staff. All the staff were friendly and more than ready to help in any situation.Also, the manager David Lopez, is one of the few managers I've encountered worldwide that has taken onboard criticism (from the initial problems that we encountered in October) and positively addressed the issues and seeked to make amends. He took some time out to meet us personally on Tuesday and left an extremely positive impression. I'd personally like to thank him for making our stay so great.I will definitely be returning to the Mela.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tuckerbag
<Content>Little Gem Stayed at Hotel Mela at the end of March and we were well impressed. It feels like a relatively small hotel and is tucked away but just off Times Square which makes for a quiet place to relax but close to the action to sample the delights of the city. The rooms are small but extremely well appointed and comfortable which in our opinion was more important.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	3	3	3	

<Author>Pisces1950
<Content>Highly Recommended Go, if you want to be spoiled. The staff is very accommodating and friendly. This hotel is modern, elegant and convenient. Even though the hotel restaurant had not opened yet, there were plenty of restaurants within walking distance, as well as, Time Square, theaters, subway and shopping. We were provided with transportation in inclement weather and even an umbrella. It may not be the best place for children as there is no pool or play area, but ideal for adults. The fitness center is small, but all the equipment is new. The hotel was more accommodating that Hotels.com, so when we made our 4th reservation, we made it directly with the hotel, which honored the Hotels.com rate. We had 4 rooms for a birthday celebration weekend. Thank goodness they didn't evict us for having too good of a time. It was a very good value.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>zplasty
<Content>Good for the price STayed here in Feb 2007 shortly after opening. This hotel is an excellent value for the price. Rooms are typical NYC size but are chic. The front desk staff is extremely nice and helpful. location is excellent 1 block from Times Square.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>travelgrlToronto
<Content>Loved Hotel Mela I stayed 2 nights. March 30- April 1st. I was in NYC by myself and I couldn't ask for anything more from a hotel or staff. The staff were friendly and very helpful. On the restaurant recommendations of the concierge, I was able to have some fantastic meals. The front desk also made sure there was a Lincoln car waiting for me for my trip back to the airport( that was slightly pricey but prompt). I had a pkge delivered to the hotel the day I arrived and it was given to me upon check in.The bed was AWESOME, I wish I could have one like that at home - the best hotel bed  linens ever! And as for the shower - great water pressure and has every temperature you could want. I think past reviewers couldn't figure out how to control the temp. If that is the case - just call front desk , I am sure they could help. The only negative thing I could say is that one of the mornings my wake up call was 15 min late but I was already up. The room was small but still larger than what I have stayed in past. I think previous reviewers may not have been to NYC very often. As this is normal, but what does it matter? Don't tell me you are hanging out in your hotel room in NYC? This hotel has a great location on 44th. Quick check in and check out, luggage storage available also. Don't forget to enroll in the Desires program online. I would not hesitate to book here again.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2007
<Rating>5	3	4	3	5	5	4	3	

<Author>PikePlaceTraveler
<Content>Yes, small rooms...but great location, helpful staff, nice furnishings Ninety percent of NYC hotel rooms are tiny. That's just the way it is. So don't be shocked by the Mela's postage-stamp sized accomodations. They are nicely appointed, fairly clean, and convenient to Times Square and many other NYC landmarks. The staff was very courteous and helpful. My only quibble is that the Mela touts itself as a 4 star hotel. Sorry, it is 3 star at best.The Mela lacks many amenities that you would expect in a 4 star boutique hotel -- no restaurant, no spacious lobby or lounge, and a tiny workout room. The Mela is a boutique hotel in the sense that it provides small, well appointed rooms. There really is no lobby -- there is a checkin desk, and a central cushioned sofa wrapped around a support pillar, but there is no room to sit in the lobby, read a newspaper, or meet and chat with friends/other travelers.Still, if you can get a room at a good rate (I booked for $189/night for late March), this is a great deal. If you get above $300/night, however...I suggest shopping around a bit.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>Pat&J0
<Content>Very happy with Mela Our room was on the 8th floor. It was spotless, handsomely appointed, comfortable (if a little cramped for two--but we expected a small room), and surprisingly quiet--VERY quiet. The bathroom was spacious and as clean as everything else. The service was unfailingly courteous and helpful, including a great tip on eating nearby.This is a lovely boutique hotel near a lot of action. The rooms are small, as advertised, so don't expect much space to spread out. Nevertheless, you won't be disappointed.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>KD5
<Content>Size matters I have never seen a hotel room this small. I knew the previous reviews were right as soon as I entered the elevators. I thought that I had entered the Land of the Lilliputians; only 3 average size people can fit. The room, billed as a superior queen, was about 9 by 9. There was no place to put suitcases or hang coats. The closet was a piece of furniture that had hangers, a mini safe, the iron, ironing board and a few shallow drawers. Couldn't hang up raincoats without wrinkles. We just put our coats on top of the suitcase on the floor. No chairs were in the room; the only place to sit was on the bed which was more like a double size bed. However, the linens, comforter and pillows were nice. Although the bathroom looks modern, the shower door hits the toilet when opened. The hallways are narrow and made more so as the cleaning carts have found a permanent home in the middle of the halls. No coffee maker in the room and no coffee available in the lobby. The staff was pleasant but confused. The only good thing about this hotel is its location; close to theaters. We like to try new hotels but will not return to this one.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	5	4	2	-1	-1	

<Author>RosieArizona
<Content>Fabulous Four of us girls went to New York and had a great stay at the Hotel Mela. We rented two rooms with king beds and we had plenty of room. The linens and room was wonderful. The staff helped us with everything we needed. The reservation person told me that the cheaper rooms were small so we paid a little extra and the room was great. Next time I go to New York I will stay at this hotel and I will recommend it to all my friends and family. It is also in a great location just a block from time square. Many great resturants around the hotel.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BlackfootAtlanta
<Content>Hotel Mela is Awesome My friend and I stayed at Hotel Mela from March 23 - March 26 and it was a GREAT experience. I was initially a little concerned because of the negative reviews, but after seeing my room I was very pleased. We were upgraded to the executive room, which was a nice size. The decorations and furnishings were top notch. There is NO better location. We walked to most things but the subway was only a couple blocks away. Everyone was super nice and courteous. I would definately stay there again.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>missfortune
<Content>Double does not always mean TWO! The good, the bad and the cramped....While Hotel Mela is in an excellent part of town, a block from Times Square, the size of the room is deterant enough. I will agree that the Hotel is well decorated with a friendly staff, but that only goes so far. Myself and a biz collegue booked a Double Room through Hotwire for $260 a night (judging by the reviews below, we paid WAY too much!). Upon check in we discovered that Double does not mean two beds -- it means ONE full size bed. Needless to say the hotel was over booked and my collegue and I were forced to sleep together in the same full size bed in our 190 sq ft room that could not accomodate a cot. We entered the room, and had much difficulty finding a place to set down 2 suitcases without tripping over each other. Also note that our room contained no toilet paper and we had to go hunting on the maids cart on the 6th floor, which remained in the middle of the hallway for our entire 3 day, 2 night stay. Decor and location are not enough to bring me back to Hotel Mela or recommend it to friends and family.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2007
<Rating>3	2	2	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>roymmaine
<Content>great location, tiny room My son and I stayed for three nights. We got a very good rate ($189) from a website but you booked directly with the hotel. We were forewarned about the small rooms by this site but still surprised by the lack of space to even open the suitcases (on the bed is the only option). Each floor has two of these extrra tiny rooms and they definitely go to the baragain hunters. However, the amenities are modern, cool and clean. There is a workout room that we never got to and....... the location is fantastic. Half a block from Times Square. We were able to drop back to the room several times a day to drop stuff off. We could walk to most of the theaters for plays. The subway is only about a block away. Our room in back was very quiet and, once we found the hidden blackout curtains, was great for sleeping, though it was hard to find a place to store all the stylish pillow things that were on the bed. Definitely worth it at a bargain rate, not sure if I were paying full price.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>HoneyFaceNorthernVA
<Content>I was Impressed with the Hotel Mela Excellent location on W. 44th street. The hotel is very clean and the hallways smell nice. Sleeping was great because the bed had excellent comfort. The rooms and bath rooms are good size especially if you get the deluxe king bed. Everything is brand new and tastefully done. There was a arm chair and desk and chair in my room. I was able to use my laptop while watching the plasma TV. Enroll in the Desires Program and you get to select a free drink and snack. Orchids were everywhere. Even in the fitness center. The management staff was helpful and wonderful. I was with a large group of ladies and the hotel staff took good care of us. We had a ball. All the male employees were good looking and courteous. That ain't inconsequential. It felt good to be around staffers with extreme interpersonal intelligence. I'll go back to eat in the restaurant when it opens.Ms. V  
<Date>Mar 24, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KLetters
<Content>Location and Nice Staff Definately make it worth it I recently flew to New York from Michigan for the first time with some friends. We were looking for a hotel that was reasonably priced with a great location. We were happy with our stay at Hotel Mela at a little under 225/night. Once you step outside your door you fall into Times Square (Subways take you anywhere its amazing, even though I got to admit in NYC a little confusing) which is great. Also Bryant Park is a block away. (Again a little cold nowadays but beautiful)Being in New York and hearing about the size of the rooms I was expecting a 2 X 2 box, but I was pleasantly surprised. The room had a nice flat screen, very comfortable.The staff was also very nice, I think because its a new hotel they are taking every precaution to be super nice, but I hope they keep it up. When we called for something they brought it within 15 minutes at the latest. I gotta say for the price and location, this was the perfect place for US to spend the weekend in NYC. Gave us everything we needed, even a gym with flat screens so that I could get in my daily jog.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>priscilla47
<Content>Clean, convenient, but staffed incompetently I stayed at Hotel Mela for three nights. I found out about it on Travelzoo, which advertised special rates ($179) but you had to contact the hotel directly. I called one day, was transferred to reservations, there was no answer, and I finally left a message. I called again, talked to someone who told me the reservationist was out that day and I had to call back the next!!! I felt like I had entered a Seinfeld episode. (And discovered, that indeed, I had!).I needed a room with two beds and agreed to pay for the upgrade from $179 to $239 so that I would not have to change rooms for the one night a friend was coming in to the city.When I arrived (admittedly in the morning), after at least 30 minutes of mysteriously scanning the computer screen, the front desk clerk told me they didn't have a room ready for me. They graciously put me temporarily into a room so that I could get ready for work and promised that my room would be ready when i returned at six.Alas, no such luck. I had a meltdown. (I had been up since 4:30 that morning) No one knew anything about this plan. They had no room available with two beds. So they put me in a suite which as others have noted, consisted of a very small bedroom -- at least it had a closet -- and a very small room with a lounge chair and a desk which had had to have had a previous life as a closet. The room, while small, was comfortable and having just stayed in Chicago the previous week where internet was $12.95 plus tax a night, I could groove on the free internet (which had the narrowest of broadbands, to be sure).After multiple conversations with a series of managers, etc., I left for work on Friday morning, being reassured my two-bed room would be ready for me when I returned later in the day. That evening, my new best friend, the desk clerk, was clearly having a panic attack as he scanned the mysterious computer unable to find my room. I held myself in check as best I could. Finally, it turned out that someone had actually blocked my room for me -- it existed -- and I moved in.To say the rooms are small is the understatement of the year. However, they are clean (and I'd seen three already!), the linens are wonderful, the shower adequate, if complicated (I HAVE a Ph.D. and couldn't figure it out), and the toiletries quite lovely. There is absolutely no drawer space and no place for your luggage. Checking out, I complained about paying the higher rate for the two-bed room when in fact I didn't have a two-bed room (I hadn't chosen to be put in a suite) and they compensated me some money which made me feel better.The location is terrific, especially that I was traveling alone and could walk to theaters and restaurants at night without worry. The bellmen were friendly and helpful, except the one that forgot to bring my luggage up to my room, but oh well. With all this, I would have thought they had opened that morning. The endless gazing into the computer screen was both mesmerizing and annoying. No one knew what to do about anything and this was not at all particular to me. I hope they work the kinks out, but I won't be going back to find out.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gnial
<Content>Enjoyed the stay at Hotel Mela We stayed at the Hotel Mela for 3 nights. The room was small, but extremely well decorated and clean. The staff was professional. We have stayed at hotels that have much larger rooms that were not clean. I would rather take this hotel anytime. The ecclectic decor added to the New York atmosphere. I would stay there again! The location is excellent. You are within walking distance to several restaurants and Times Square tourist attractions. Great hotel!  
<Date>Mar 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>ArlingtonKate
<Content>Not quite a 4 Star This is no way a four star hotel. The staff was helpful, smart and outgoing, but that does not a Four Star Hotel make. We got a Superior Queen Room. There was no place to put our suitcase (thank God we shared one case, two would have been disastourous). There was no place to iron our shirts except putting the ironing board on the kitchen sink. The light in the hallway was so bright that we could see it through the sizeable gap in the doorway all night long. The bed was wonderful, but if that's a queen size bed, I am really curious about what my Queen Size bed is. There is really no place to put anything. The TV is on top of the mini bar, but if you put anything on top of the mini-bar, you can't see the tv. The pseudo closet has the safe in it, so that eats up half the space. There is no place to hang up coats, or hang out clothes. Our suitcase had to stay on the floor, which we had to walk over. I am really trying hard to figure out what makes this a four star hotel. One of my favorite boutique hotels in the Hotel San Jose in Austin, Texas- the rooms are small, but they make sense.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	4	3	3	

<Author>MiniOne
<Content>great stay at Hotel Mela Just returned from a 3 night stay at the Hotel Mela which we thoroughly enjoyed. We originally wanted to stay at the wonderful Sofitel again, but couldn't get a room there anymore, so we went for the Mela instead. Yes, the room is rather small, but how much time do you spend in it when you are in Manhattan?! The hotel is beautifully designed, very stylish, everything is brand new and clean, and that is more than I could say for lots of other hotels in NYC! We loved the very comfortable bed and beautiful bedlinen, nice flatscreen tele, well stocked minibar,windows that actually open, and the bathroom was great - fantastic complimentary toiletries, and a great shower(contrary to another review, it is easy to operate-really can't see what is so difficult about it!!!)front desk staff was very nice and helpful too, and as it is not a huge place it has a nice personal atmosphere.I would definitely recommend the Mela and return there anytime - I couldn't fault it, and although we were initially disappointed that we could not stay at the Sofitel, we enjoyed the Mela just as much.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>cruisenutColumbus
<Content>Not a 4-star or even a 3.5 star hotel!   showReview(6893254, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 28, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Seamus32
<Content>Be selective on room choice   showReview(6849646, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 27, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DKats
<Content>I will return.       The rooms are excellent for NY standar  
<Date>Feb 19, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SpinRX
<Content>They talk a good game...   showReview(6802266, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 16, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	3	5	4	4	1	

<Author>mochiplease
<Content>Cute hotel, bad housekeeping   showReview(6801857, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 16, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	3	2	5	4	3	

<Author>Lisa971
<Content>Disappointed in room size   showReview(6737743, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 3, 2007
<Rating>2	3	2	5	4	3	3	4	

<Author>bmoretraveler50
<Content>Newly renovated - good price for the location   showReview(6732088, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	4	4	3	

<Author>stefan2525
<Content>Amazing Location, Staff, Rooms, just great!   showReview(6650023, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>medicmurf
<Content>Great Potential   showReview(6612147, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	5	2	

<Author>KeysOceanDrive
<Content>Not open yet, took room tours!!!! See details below!!!   showReview(6344399, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 7, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>silvia333
<Content>Spazi ridotti, ma molto carino   showReview(22996711, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>petiella
<Content>Attenti al lupo   showReview(22698987, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 14, 2008
<Rating>1	3	2	4	2	1	-1	3	

<Author>rawo
<Content>Note 1   showReview(20926629, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 16, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>glabeus
<Content>Mauvaise expèŒ…rience   showReview(20824037, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 12, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	2	4	5	1	2	2	

<Author>pannocchiagialla
<Content>hotel professionalissimo!   showReview(20704836, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	3	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Spitzenhotel   showReview(19649265, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 17, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Top Lage - kein Superior Zimmer!   showReview(18526869, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 11, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>barbarito999
<Content>Petites chambres, mais trçŒ«s bon emplacement et personnel trçŒ«s serviable   showReview(17363921, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>A bisserl klein...   showReview(17431276, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 9, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Super gelegen   showReview(17431269, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 3, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Piccolo ma pulito e in posizione eccezionale   showReview(16592387, 'full');   
<Date>May 4, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gute Lage, schlechte Zimmer   showReview(15566441, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	1	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>flo-floBilbao
<Content>Hemos acertado de pleno   showReview(14604568, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>posto delizioso !   showReview(14728919, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 27, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>nur_nam1
<Content>Muy recomendable       cama king size  
<Date>Mar 26, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	5	3	3	3	3	

<Author>walkerValencia
<Content>El cuento de la Cenicienta   showReview(14543187, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 26, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	-1	3	3	3	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Modernes, gepflegtes Domizil in sehr zentraler Lage   showReview(14728917, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Zentral nahe TimesSquare Dafuer ruhig Gutes PreisLeistungsVerhaeltnis   showReview(14728918, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 14, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>gutes Preis-Leistungsverhç›²ltnis   showReview(13980325, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tolles Hotel direkt am Broadway   showReview(13980324, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 20, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gut gelegen   showReview(13980322, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 10, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tolles Stadthotel   showReview(13980323, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 10, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Elichicca
<Content>Hotel Mela Ottima scelta       letto  
<Date>Jan 14, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Grazioso e moderno posizione ottima   showReview(18526870, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 30, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Cipollina78
<Content>W LA MELA!!!       Letto Queen  
<Date>Dec 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>PeterMatadepera
<Content>Genial   showReview(11496413, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 12, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tres petit   showReview(11305984, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 27, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr zufrieden   showReview(11662129, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Chedly_B
<Content>Petit, mais charmant.Emplacement TOP !   showReview(8661777, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 5, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Maraventano
<Content>Perfecto para unos dé“†as en NY   showReview(7665715, 'full');   
<Date>May 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>TrçŒ«s bien situèŒ… mais impersonnel   showReview(11424576, 'full');   
<Date>May 9, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

