<Author>paynea
<Content>What a gem! Traveled to Paris in mid-May. My daughter, who was traveling on business, booked the hotel online through their website. I arrived very early via shuttle from Charles deGaulle airport. It let me off near the Arc de Triomphe, whereupon I walked a short distance and then hailed a cab. Paris was so beautiful; the weather was delightful, only a little rain near the end.What a delightful surprise when the cab dropped me at the Hotel. It is a boutique hotel, not too large, but immaculate, with very friendly and helpful staff. The room for two was decorated tastefully in red and ochre. It was as quiet as a tomb. Big tall windows with draperies. A big closet, wonderful bathroom. The room was very very clean and neat. The hot water was plentiful, the toiletries very high quality, and the light was great. The night staff was so helpful, even when my daughter arrived late and the draperies fell down when we closed them. They were fixed in a jiffy, the night clerk smiling throughout. The rate was 215 euros for several of the nights.Vanessa and Fabienne were the daytime staff at reception. They were helpful with restaurant suggestions, etc.Internet access was available; I can't remember how much, but 30 minute increments were available. Breakfast was included for our stay; the breakfast room was downstairs, very attractively fitted out. I loved the the little pots of plain yogurt, with all different toppings. Eggs etc were available for an extra charge. Coffee, tea, croissant, little pastries also included. The only criticism of this breakfast was the croissant; being in Paris, the pastry is fabulous. I stopped in many little bars/taverns/cafes and ordered pastry at all times of day. So wonderful. We don't have anything like this in the USA, unless you are in NYC. So why weren't these pastries served at breakfast??? Pre-packaged do not make the grade. That is the only criticism. This hotel is located near the metro, near Gare de ST. Lazare, near Place de Concorde, Arc de Triomphe, walking distance to Jardin de Tuilleries etc. For our return, the hotel arranged a shared shuttle to the airport; I think it was about 20 US $ each. Worth the cost!!!!You will love the hotel, its location, the restaurants and parks nearby. Even the little Vietnamese restaurant right next door was very good and very reasonable. I hope you will consider such a lovely spot with personal attention and friendly clientele. In fact, we saw one French couple dining at the same restaurant in the Marais on Sunday. Several guests confirmed that they were repeat guests. Hope you like it.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Dezzydez
<Content>A bit of a disappointment... Ok, have to spoil the party here, but this hotel is in my opinion a 3 star hotel and not the 4 star rating its been given.We ended up staying here because Hotel Mayfair my first choice was fully booked. Due to Paris Fashion Week and another motorshow, Lavoisier bumped their prices up even more than Hotel Mayfair but booked here anyway due to proximity to Tuileres and thought the price would be justified by the 4 star rating.It was a typical small Parisian establishment with a informal, relaxed feel in a good quiet location, round the corner from Madeleine church. Our check in was quick and efficient.The room itself was small for a 4 star, we were expecting an above average room size like Hotel Mayfair or Hotel Brighton (a 3 star). It was reasonably clean and decorated in a classic style with muted colours. (No danger of garish rooms here unless thats your cup of tea) but was starting to look a bit tatty with wear and tear. LCD TV with Sky news and CNN. Bathroom was compact, rubbish toiletries, no shower curtain. Our wardrobe doors didn't close and carpet was not replaced in the last refurb and starting to look a bit dirty, so lucky we bought slippers as they did not provide any, unlike other 4* hotels. Overall, room was disappointing for the price and 4 star rating.Service was ok and very low key, which suited us. Our main problem was with their wireless internet connection which we paid for a 24 hours pay as you connect card. The connection was very weak on the 4th floor and in the end we only got 2 hours and it went out of action for three days. Didn鈥檛 get fixed so we asked for a refund for the connection card, but Lavoisier refused saying we could come back next time and use the card again....(!?). Anyway, if you are staying at the Lavoisier, drop me an email and I would be happy to send you the internet connection card as we will not be returning to Lavoisier. Do check out a gem of a restaurant called La Carre around the corenr from the hotel, delightful good and friendly service.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>CherryNj
<Content>A Lovely Oasis of Calm We stayed at the Hotel le Lavoisier two weeks ago for one night on our way to Provence. It was a lovely experience. Fabienne made us feel so welcome and was particularly helpful in recommending a restaurant for dinner. Our room was so quiet even though we overlooked the street. We will definitely return on other trips.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>jfitzp1741
<Content>Excellent location ! Wonderful experience. Just returned from six nights at le Lavoisier, and had a great experience. The location is outstanding . Yes, the rooms are small, but they are immaculate and very charming. The staff went above and beyond the call of duty. Many thanks to Fabienne and Nisha.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>DavidL69
<Content>Lovely Little Hotel My Wife and I booked to stay in the Le Lavoiser for our Honeymoon 2-6 Sept 2008. We arrived late nearly midnight, getting from CDG Airport is a bit of a journey. We were met by the night porter who simply gave us the key for our room and sent us to bed, which considreing how tired we were it was exactly how we wanted to be treated.The room on the 6th floor was tastfully decorated but rather small but as it a small boutique hotel i wasn't expecting a travel Inn size room.The next morning we went to breakfast and was looked after wonderfully by Nisha. Breakfast is a simple affair of Bread, pasties, yogurt, fresh squeezed organe and coffee. For and additional 4 Euro you could have eggs and bacon but the breakfast was substansial to fill us both up until well after lunch. During breakfast on the first day we mentioned to Nisha that we were on honeymoon (not with a view to get anything out of it!) We returned that evening to find a bottle of Champagne waiting for us from Nisha and the Hotel.After breakfast we approached the Receptionist to see if we could change room, as it was our honeymoon, she was more than accomodating and asked us to bring our bags to reception on our way out and she would have them transfered to the new room once it was prepared. The new room was lovely, still small but we expected this.During the rest of our stay we spoke alot to Fabienne the receptionist and found her to extremely helpful and pleasant. She recommended a lovely resturant nearby called Taste La Mode (i think) which was amazing. We had one of the best meals i have ever had!The lack of a shower curtain was entertaining but we assumed that its a Parisien thing!All in all i found the Hotel to be lovely but for us what made the stay even better was the hospitaility of the Staff.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>STR17
<Content>Dissapointed... I stayed at this hotel this month for 8 days, part of my 17 days trip to London, Paris, and Amsterdam. In short, this hotel barely meets my expectation..it is probably because my expecation was too high, the fact that hotel is 4-star rated, and how great the reviews I found in this forum. In fact, the reviews here that led me to choose this hotel. But, I am totally dissapointed.To be fair, let's start with the good ones:* Location is superb.. a short walk to metro station, 10-20minutes walk to many major destinations and shopping center.* What's more, a supermarket which opens till 10pm is right in front of the hotel. A Chinese/Viet restaurant is just next door, this is really great as I am very traditional Asian in terms of food.* Bathroom is nice, clean, tidy, and modern look.* One of the staff, the lady, is very friendly and helpful ( I met 5 different staffs during my stay)What dissapoints me? Bed is #1 problem, but it is a long list.* Room size is very small, i had managed my expectation before, that's why I booked Junior Suite room not standard or superior...this junior suite turned out just to be a small tiny room. They must be kidding calling this suite room of a 4-star hotel. I would rather call this a bigger small room, because I believe standard and superior room would be even much smaller.* No fridge, no a kind of tea facilities, etc. We had to put my baby's medicine in their refrigator in the bar at ground floor, while we stayed in sixth floor. But, i would agree with them that the room is just too small to put a fridge/minibar.* A small TV in the corner is placed on top of weird and small metal platform. Everytime i opened the window too wide it always hit the TV since it is located in the small corner next to the window* And the bed; the main reason you stay in a hotel is too sleep not to have a good breakfast or good wine. We were promised a king size bed, but it is actually two single beds that are put together! Worse, mattress is very soft. As a result, tt keep drifted away each other, and this really disturbed me since my baby slept in the middle; The staff said that it is impossible to get king size mattress, that's it. Baby cot? we dont need it, also the fact that the room is very small for a baby cot.* it is said they have some antique furniture in the room, some might like it, but I dont, i prefer the functionality. The drawer of this antiques cant be used easily, for instance. But, the problem is one or two antique furniture doesnt really match with the overall room design. Bathroom is modern look, bed frame is a simple basic modern, tv cabinet is tiny weird metal platform, etc. and suddenly you have two antique stuff, with worn out carpet. What's more, the exterior in very narrow hallway is in a bit dark pink, bringing contemporer nuance..so, is it classic, antique, modern, contemporer, or what? * The hotel staff in an email that my room would face courtyard, but having stayed there 8 days, i struggled to find the courtyard, what I can see from 6th flloor is just the roof from the adjacent buildings. There might be tiny small narrow courtyard downthere, but you have to take extra effort to look down.* I did not make a lot of contact with the staffss, but nothing special with staff services, except for the lady that I mentioned above. Another guy also looks very nice, but, generally they are just average if not below average. The staff could not help me with basic questions like internet cafe or southeast asian/thailand/indonesian restaurant in the neighboorhood. He just gave me the clipping of restaurant brochures/business cards, to be honest lonely planet or insight guide provide much more exhaustive list. * FYI, they just have one staff at one time, so dont expect too much. Whenever we borrowed something like adapter or spoons we generally have to come down, even when my wife deliberately asked whether she had to come down to lobby or it could be delivered to our room, given she was busy with the baby, the staf said we had to come down. In one ocassion, another staff really offered to deliver it to my room.* No one would approach you to although you struggle opening the door with luggages and baby strollers. During the check out the staff didnt ask me any single question about my experience staying there. He didnt ask me either where we would go, if he could help something, since we were with baby and a lot of luggage, say.. offering calling a taxi, etc. Nothing, he just showed me the invoice (which is hand written). That's all. He is not rude, anyway, but he just didnt talk much. I felt just like buying burger in fastfood restaurant, at best, although I stayed in this hotel for an 8 day long.In a nuthshell, this might be not bad hotel, esp. due to location, but I just dont understand how come this hotel rated 4 star and got so many favorable review here. it should be 2 or 3 star hotel at best, in my opinion.If i had known about the hotel overall quality, i would have gone to Hilton Arc de Triomph which then offered deals about only 10% higher rate than this Le Lavoisier hotel. In fact, I discussed at length with my wife between this hotel and Hilton Arc, before we decide opting this hotel, because it is slightly cheaper, closer to metro station, and more importantly we got Junior Suite room! At times, you will make wrong decision, though.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	4	3	2	2	1	

<Author>GTJ66
<Content>Calm  A delightful quiet hotel a short distance from Bd Haussman and close to two Metro stations. Classic decor, comfortable room, good amenities. A warm welcome from the proprietors makes the stay a very pleasant one indeed.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	5	4	3	

<Author>mjnbrookman
<Content>Highly recommended small hotel in good location Stayed for 3 nights with my wife. Room clean, well decorated with excellent comletely tiled bathroom. Flat screen tv connected to cable, but most channels were in French. Large bed.All staff were friendly and spoke perfect English. Ideal location for clothing shops and easy access to the Open Tours bus. Honesty bar with leather seats in the small library meant that you pour your own drinks and tell them afterwards.Very good value for money.Will definately use this hotel again.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Canadian_PAL
<Content>Glad to return "home" This is my nth stay and return to Le Lavoisier. I consider it my home in Paris. The staff remains attentive and caring to my needs.On this past trip (3 stays in over 3 weeks), I used the Lavoisier as my landing in Europe before moving to Bordeaux (wine-country trip); returned for a week in Paris; and my wife spent her last two days in France after she visited family and I had returned home.On the last stay, I heard only great things for my wife on her two days there. This demonstrates that once more my trust in their staff is not misplaced.The Lavoisier is a smaller Paris-style hotel, with good rooms whatever size you chose. Do not expect resort-style or North American space and amenities.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>vhagan
<Content>FRIENDLY My daughter and I stayed only 1 night at this hotel. The rooms were nice nad clean. The best part of the hotel is Fabienne the concierge. She took such great care of us. She always had a smile on and could not do enough for us. I thought she owned the hotel that's how good she was. I reccomend the hotel because of the friendly staff and it was a great location. We will diffently stay there again.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lnbo
<Content>Special place in Paris I am travelling a lot to Paris for business reason and the hotels I use to book in this area of the city where fully booked so I finally choose the Lavoisier based on their nice website and Trip Advisor's positive reviews.The lobby directly gives you a nice feeling as it is very cosy and looks like it was renovated recently. The atmosphere of this small hotel is quite unique in Paris, with a small frontdesk where you sit in a comfortable chair while the very kind Fabienne takes care of your check-in.My room was nice and clean, even if very small; I was lucky to be alone cos it would have been challenging to stay with two persons in such a small area.Bathroom was OK too, though I never understood how to have a shower in a bath without flooding the rest of the bathroom, as there's no curtain!Major disappointment was the breakfast, incredibly basic (just a small piece of baguette, industrial jam), to take in the basement of the house which is quite dark due to absence of windows.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mew225
<Content>Wonderful hotel This is a great small hotel - centrally located, nice quiet room (even with a street view), and very helpful staff. They welcomed us and organized a wonderful dinner for us. The set up is very warm and friendly. We look forward to returning on our next trip.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>arapp
<Content>A Good Choice The Hotel Le Lavoisier (on 21 Rue Lavoisier) is situated at a nice location near the Boulevard Haussman and Malesherbes. A relatively short walk away from some of the premier fashion avenues in Paris (Montaigne, Champs Elysees, and Faubourg Saint Honore) and also not too far from the Louvre. The staff members were very helpful and the hotel was quiet and comfortable. Room service was excellent -- we ordered breakfast to our room many times. The television did not have a wide range of channels, but worked well for the number it received. Good air conditioning as well. My only complaint involves the bathroom -- the drainage system in both the shower and the sink did not work smoothly. The shower itself had enough pressure, but within a minute, I felt a little like I was beginning to take a bath. However, this problem can easily be remedied (with a little drain-o or lye perhaps?) and should definitely not deter one from staying in this lovely hotel.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Derrick61
<Content>Relaxing and very quiet We had a room at the back which looked onto a yard, this was not a problem as it made the room extremely quiet. The hotel location was perfect. We walked a few hundred yards and we were in the Place de la Concorde. The hotel was very clean and nothing was a problem, we are already thinking of booking again. Dont get me wrong, in the hotel there is no entertainment or what you would call bar, but it is the perfect reason to get out and explore this fantastic city and this hotel is in a nice area with shops and places to eat.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>fancytraveller
<Content>Cosy, comfortable and central This was a second time for me and my partner at the Lavoisier hotel. It's a four star hotel, famous department stores are 5 min. walking distance. The room was not very big, but very comfortable and complete, decorated in beautiful, elegant colours and materials. The staff was very kind and helpfull. The hotel is small, so you get a very exclusive feeling. The closest metro is 2 min. walking distance and in the vicinity there are lots of choices for eating.I would definitely stay there again!  
<Date>Apr 23, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>eleteacher
<Content>Great experience I am a 40 year old female who traveled to Paris with my 14 year old daughter. We found the Le Lavoisier a wonderful place to base our visit. It is a minutes walk to the Metro (very easy to use) and walking distance to the Champs Elysees. There is a huge selection of places to dine in the area. We always felt very safe day or night walking the area.The hotel staff were very friendly and helpful. The room, while a little small by american standards, was very comfortable. What impressed me was how clean everything was and both the room and public areas appeared newly painted.The breakfast could be ate in a downstairs breakfast room or brought to our room. It consisted of a basket of french breads, yogurt, cereal, fresh orange juice (delicious), and coffee, tea or hot chocolate. It was a wonderful start to the day.My daughter and I travel alot and we tend to be very picky. We were both very pleased by the staff and accomodations.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Lindgren
<Content>No French TV, no room-service and breakfast from 7am On the positive side was the friendly lady when I arrived, the room was clean and I slept very well without being disturbed by trafic, despite the fact that the hotel is close to a grand boulevard.I arrived back at the hotel at 9 p.m. and asked for room service as I had not yet eaten. I was informed by a less friendly male receptionist there there was no room service, so I had to go out and get something elsewhere. Not a big problem, even though it was raining, but I went out to get something to bring back to the hotel for a TV dinner. I was surprised that 4 star hotel does not have any French TV channels (in Paris, France), but only CNN, Skynews (which in themselves are good) and 2 Spanish and 1 Italian channel. Having my train in the morning, I was again surprised to find that they start serving breakfast only at 7 a.m. Most hotels, having business men and travellers as clientel usually start at 6 or at the latest 6.30.When checking out, the same male receptionist was again not very friendly and there were no questions or concern whatsoever about whether the stay was pleasant or if everything was satisfactory. When waiting for the credit card transaction to go through, he was looking through other papers and again paid no attention to his guest.Again, I did sleep well but other than that, a very mediocre experience.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	3	3	3	2	2	

<Author>starvoyager00001
<Content>Not a Four Star Hotel In short, I was not very impressed with the hotel. The hotel is said to be a four star hotel but it seemed more like a three star hotel. I booked a standard double room which was fairly small. The bed constituted most of the room, there were a few cracks in the wall but nothing alarming, the shower did not have a shower curtain which was odd, there was nothing to suggest an upscale room besides the small flat screen TV and, quite simply put, a very average room. Certaintly not worth the price I paid for and I wish I had gotten a hostel instead. I would only recomend this place for a place to sleep but bear in mind, it is not worth the cost you pay for.  
<Date>Feb 11, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	5	5	5	3	

<Author>audilady
<Content>Romantic birthday break We were looking for somewhere smalland exclusive for a romantic birthday break and couldn't have picked anywhere better. The location, the staff, the decor, everything was just perfect and everything we could have wished for. Fabienne on reception even booked a table at the Ritz and organised a taxi, flowers and chocolates, all done in the most friendly and efficient way. We are certainly returning there at the first opportunity and have already recommended this hotel to several friends thinking of going to Paris.This was my first leisure visit to Paris although I had driven round it, through it and under it on many occasions. We couldn't have picked a better time to go with all the Christmas lights and the stores decorated to perfection. Everything was to hand and within walking distance and when the feet gave out, the Metro was only yards away.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>LittleMaharani
<Content>Lovely, sylish hotel in a great area The Lavoisier hotel is well situated close to Galleries Layfayette and Printemps. There are plenty of restaurants nearby.The room was spacious (by Parisien standards!) and beautifully decorated with thick, lined curtains and antique furniture. The windows are well insulated so we had no noise problems even facing onto the street below. The bathroom is tight but has a great shower and hairdryer. Breakfast is great (baguettes, pain au chocolate and orange juice) if it's included in your rate, otherwise it's not worth 鈧?4 per person. There is a Monoprix supermarket over the road that sells pastries for breakfast.....Reception were very helpful when making restaurant reservations. Would recommend a visit to Kim Anh Vietnamese restaurant in the 15th Arrondissement; food was fantastic and worth a small splurge (鈧?00 for 2 courses and 2 beers!!)All in all, would happily stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JAH1
<Content>Wonderful Staff When planning our trip to Paris, my three friends and I looked at a lot of websites and read several traveler reveiws. Hotel LeLovoisier looked to be in a good location and the reveiws were mostly positive so we booked 2 twin rooms. This was a first trip to Paris for all four of us and we could not have stayed in a better hotel. Everyone was so friendly and helpful. Fabienne and Vanessa were wondeful in helping us make reservations and advising us on where to go. With two metro staions very close, getting around the city was so easy. The breakfast was fresh and tasty every morning. Neeshan was a delight and most helpful too. The rooms, while small, were very clean and for the most part quiet. The bathroom shower is a little tricky, as there is no shower curtain or door so the bathroom can get pretty wet when one showers. Never did we feel unsafe in the neighborhood after dark. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone going to Paris.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Propertiesbeauty
<Content>Really enjoyed Le Lavoisier Super small extremely friendly hotel - great central location but away from noise, hustle  bustle!! But so accessible for shopping, sightseeing and dining!Tastefully decorated rooms with elegant furnishings - I know the rooms are a little small but they certainly have everything you need.Nothing was too much trouble and breakfast and newspapers served in your room at no extra cost was a luxury!Will definitely use this hotel again and would highly recommend it.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Weloveourhols
<Content>A Superb Paris Hotel!       Le Lavoisier Paris  
<Date>Sep 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>SydneyTravellers2007
<Content>Loved the Lavoisier My Wife and I have just returned from a fabulous weeks holidayin Paris staying at the Lavoisier.This is our 2nd stay at the hotel.We decided to comeback again due to the great location, extremely friendly and helpful staff . In particular Fabienne and Nisharn.They make the hotel a home away from home.They show a genuine interest in the guests ,making sure they get the best out of their holiday in Paris. Suggesting great little restaurants close by ,such as L'Envue for dinner.Laduree for high tea or lunch.Good shopping etc.Fabienne suggested other great towns to visit whilst we were in France to make the most of our 3 week holiday. Beaune , Nuit St George to name a few.My wife and I look forward to our next visit again at this great little boutique hotel  
<Date>Sep 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	3	

<Author>IanLincolnEngland
<Content>1st time in Paris, but not the last we hope. We arrived early after taking the 0645 flight from East Midlands arrived at the hotel at 1000hrs, but were delighted with the welcome at reception and to be told that the room was ready for us.The room was spacious with a very comfy bed, nice compact bathroom and shower unit. Overall a very nice room on the 2nd floor.Everyone at the hotel was very pleasant, helpfull and spoke good English so I didnt use much of my limited French. The location is perfect for the Mertro and stations generally, and is easily in walking distance of all the major attractions if you so wish but in 5 days we used the Metro most of the time to avoid too much walking.Will my wife and I return I would say yes, and we would be more than happy to use the Le Lavoisier again.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>Nicky-Rayleigh
<Content>Impressed by this small hotel My husband and I stayed here in June on a weekend break (from two children!). The hotel was small but immaculate. The room was very clean, a decent size and the staff were very helpful and friendly. The area felt safe and was clean, with some fab shops just around the corner and some great restaurants within walking distance. I would defintately stay there again.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>neogirl
<Content>Loved the Le Lavoisier This was our 7th trip to Paris and we read about the Hotel Le Lavoisier in an old Travel  Leisure Magazine checked it out online and e-mailed the hotel for a reservation. My husband  I enjoyed our stay. Nicely sized and well furnished, with wonderfully comfortable beds and very very clean. The entire staff is extremely helpful and very accommodating. Even though our room faced the street we slept undisturbed. The breakfast, which by the way is from 7am to 11am, was a nice touch for late sleepers and was a perfect start to our day. The location was excellent and the hotel and rooms were exactly as pictures on the hotel website. For the level of quality and staff鈥檚 ability to make you feel at home is why this hotel is highly recommended.The Bolden from Santa Monica, CA  
<Date>Jun 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>dumaguete
<Content>Home Away from Home I stay in this hotel everytime I am in Paris which is twice a year.In 2005, I brought 8 of my friends from the US and they all decided they will also stay in this hotel when they all go back to Paris. The staff is friendly and accomodating especially Fabienne, Nisha and Ludovic. It's great to see the same familiar faces each time, which definitely gives a meaning to the saying - home away from home. The room is clean especially the bathroom which is very important to me. My daughter and I walk from the hotel on our way to the Louvre,Champs Elysee, the Opera et al.I will go back to this hotel again and again.Nina Bauer  
<Date>Jun 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>happydaysSydney
<Content>Nice boutique style, but check what you have booked The deal booked for the Lavoiser was 6 nights in a Junior Suite with Balcony and King Bed. What we got was a room off the ground floor lobby with with a sun room from which no sun or light came in.When we queried it the Hotelier blamed the booking engine. Saying this, the room was spacious by Paris standards, and the hotel serviceand breakfast (included) was good. The room was fairly noisy from plumbing and general clanking on nearby stairs. The decor was very tasteful, the bathroom was great. The location is a nice walk from the subway, Galeries Lafayatte and the Opera area, and is convenient to various dining options.  
<Date>May 7, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	5	3	4	4	

<Author>benoilberg
<Content>Loved the hotel Just got back from a 3 night stay - what a delight. Hotel is very well located - very near two metro stations. We got the roissy bus from the airport and found the hotel with ease.Our room was on the fifth floor - it may have been slightly smaller than we were expecting, however it was very clean, had a great view, and also had a welcome veranda.Would highly recommend the hotel - the receptionists speak good english and were always more than helpful.If we go back to Paris then we will be sure to stay at the Le Lavoisier.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>CumbriaTraveladdict
<Content>4 nights at Lavoisier Very welcoming and helpful staff. Good location close to 2 Metro Stations, and easy walking distance to the main shopping areas, Place de la Concorde, Musee D鈥橭rsay  Louvre. Rue Lavoisier is a quiet side street, but the hotel is situated almost on the corner of the busier Blvd Malesherbes from which you get quite a bit of traffic noise. (However for Paris this is not as noisy as some other areas.) Shutters on windows block the noise at night. We had a Superior Room, which was a reasonable size, facing onto the front of the hotel. The pillows are not great but we managed. Bed linen  towels were changed daily. The bathroom was small but functional 鈥?as mentioned by other TA members there is a shower over the bath, but no shower curtain or screen, so you have to be creative in order to avoid soaking the room. Overall a nice hotel for the price 鈥?quite small and personal. D茅cor and soft furnishings are now getting a bit tired on the upstairs corridors and rooms 鈥?it is ready for a re-paint and some new carpets, but this did not detract from our experience. On our day of arrival we had a nice lunch at Caf茅 Francis for E30 for the set menu. (Turn right onto Blvd Malesherbes and walk 200 yards.) Freqeunted by local business people and office workers it was bustling and enjoyable. Other restaurants which we particularly enjoyed were Le Maree 258 Faubourg St Honoree, 75008 --- (near l鈥橝rc du Triomphe) quite expensive but absolutely fabulous , delicious food. Not a touristy restaurant 鈥?frequented by well-heeled locals. 20 mins brisk walk or E10 in a taxiCitrus Etoile, 6 Rue Arsene Houssaye 75008 ---Also near L鈥橝rc Du Triomphe). Had a lovely lunch there for E39 for the menu. The wife of the French chef proprieter is an ex model 鈥?(American) she works front of house and spent every second re-touching her hair and makeup in the mirror behind the reception desk. That was entertaining. Miaowww.Also had a nice meal at L鈥橝rdoise (which means Blackboard) 28 rue du Mont-Thabor, 75001 Paris ---. A small informal bistro- serving rustic food at tightly packed tables. 10 mins walk from the hotel, close to Place Vendome and Louvre. Don鈥檛 bother with Le Procope we had read the bad reviews but thought we would give it a try - it was awful 鈥?a conveyor belt for tourists, poor food, and over-priced  
<Date>Apr 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>lmarvelous
<Content>Hotel Le Lavoisier - an intimate hotel We recently stayed at the Hotel Le Lavoisier with 2 other couples on a quick 3 night trip to Paris. We were very pleased with our experience. The rooms were roomy by European standards and very clean. The location is a bit off the beaten tourist path...but still in walking distance to several major attractions and close to a metro line. The location gives you a more local feel. We requested and received early check ins and rooms on higher floors based on recommendations from this web site. Our rooms were on the 5th floor. Our room faced the street side with a balcony and with the french door open you could hear street noises (not overly loud) but with the door closed it was nice and quiet. Our friends both had rooms on the courtyard side and said their rooms were quiet.The bathrooms did not have shower curtains - which is vry common in European hotels but often a surprise to the American traveler.The staff were all extremely friendly and spoke perfect English. They made us feel right at home.The only negative that I can even mention is the 28 euros for the contintental breakfast----their are so many nice cafes in the general vicinity- it really is not worth it. We took advantage of this only on the last day on a Sunday morning when all the local cafes were closed and we were on our way to the airport.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>cathching
<Content>Personally.. . They have an excellent personal service, I wish that they mentioned however that breakfast was not included, because I had to pay 12 euros per head. Apart from that, I loved the room. Although it was on the 3rd floor it was a quiet room and the location is perfect for shoppers! Very friendly staff and they try their best to accomodate your requests whatever they may be.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>nontourist
<Content>So nearly excellent Charming people in a great location (for which you pay a premium price) but spoilt by three things:1 - Pillows - foam filled and more in keeping with a one star hotel. They could not supply any alternative2 WiFi - yes but at a price - ALL hotels not having free WiFi (like towels and soap !) should be boycotted.3 Bathroom cleaning could have been better.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	3	4	2	5	3	2	

<Author>larover
<Content>Very Nice Hotel But Substandard Beds and Pillows This hotel has a lot going for it. There are 3 common areas in the lobby to sit and read the multi language newspapers they provide for free or have a drink at the honor bar and meet other guests. It is quite lovely. The staff from the concierge to Nishan who serves breakfast to the maids are incredibly friendly and helpful.We were here for 7 nights and had a junior suite facing the back of the hotel. There were two large French windows overlooking a quaint church steeple and a rather ugly modern building. However we chose this room for the extra room and because we wanted a quiet room. That it was鈥?.exceptionally quiet. One of the quietest hotel rooms I have ever had and I truly appreciated the quiet. We slept each night with the windows wide open and were not disturbed.The maid did show us other rooms as we spoke a great deal to her in French. By the way everyone at the hotel with the possible exception of the maids spoke exceptional English. The other rooms were much more charming than the junior suites which another reviewer pointed out although the suites had the larger bed (actually two beds pushed together with a barely perceptible crack between them).Breakfast was quite good and in relation to the cafes in the area I found it to be worth the money鈥?14 euros for a baker鈥檚 basket, fresh orange juice, unlimited coffee and tea, yogurt and cereals and 3 euros more for bacon and eggs. They will also give you extra croissants and pastries at no additional cost. The cafes nearby charged anywhere from about 6 euros and up for one cup of coffee (extra cups at about 3 euros a piece) one croissant and a cup of juice. So if you eat a large breakfast the hotel breakfast is worth it. We only went elsewhere because we wanted a change of pace since we were at the hotel for 7 nights. Most days we didn鈥檛 eat again until dinner because we were so full.You are quite close to the Place St Augustin metro station and the metro in Paris is very comprehensive and easy to use. However we walked quite a bit鈥?.to the Arc,, Tour Eifel, Louvre, D鈥檕rsay and left bank. These are far walks but great exercise and very interesting walks. The hotel is quite close to the Opera Garnier and Gallerie Lafayette. There are also several cafes nearby most of which we found to be relatively pricey and so so. The best of the lot was caf茅 St Augustin which was pretty good, great French fries and we thought worth the money for what you got. We also had Won Ton Soup at the Asian restaurant next door and it was very good soup. Most other meals we ate out of the area using the Zagat guide as our source which was dead on.....[--].As many other reviewers noted there is a Monoprix in the next block where you can buy water and sodas and other things at normal prices. There is no refrigerator in the room but you can get ice downstairs at no charge.The only criticism I have of this hotel is as other reviewers pointed out we found the mattress to be lumpy and not as comfortable as they should have been. The pillows were also fairly hard foam like pillows and when we asked there were no other pillows鈥?ie feather or down. I would not say the bed was incredibly uncomfortable and we did get used to it and slept very well. We are relatively young however and I am not sure others who might be older of have bad backs, etc would be as adaptable to the beds as we were. We were scheduled to only stay here for 5 nights and then check into the Grand Hotel for 2 nights but rather than repack and move hotels we cancelled the Grand and stayed at Lavoisier for an additional 2 nights so obviously the beds were livable. However it would have been nice to look forward to a very comfy bed and pillows to sink into at night.I would most likely stay at this hotel again if I want to be in the 8th Androissment. After checking things out and walking around I think quiet parts of the 7th might be very appealing as well. Overall this is a very nice hotel for the money with a very friendly and helpful staff and perhaps they will improve on the bed situation in the future.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JuliaR
<Content>Charming My mom, sister, and I really enjoyed our stay here. English wasn't a problem (which is good, since we had very little French other than our Rick Steves travel dictionary!). Convenient to major sights, metro, taxi stand, Monoprix, and a wonderful restaurant within walking distance called Le Carre. Would stay here again in a heartbeat. Small caveat: the first room they gave us was dark and smelled terribly of cigarette smoke, but they very graciously agreed to give us another room which was absolutely lovely-- top floor directly across from the elevator. AND they allowed us to check in at 10:00 a.m. since we had arrived (exhausted) directly from San Francisco. Doesn't get much better....  
<Date>Nov 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>carolinians
<Content>Everything We Expected and More Our first visit to Paris was made even better than we imagined by our decision to stay at Hotel Le Lavoisier. We have traveled extensively at quite luxurious levels to many other parts of Europe and elsewhere in the world, even eastern France, but somehow had not been able to get to to this historic and beautiful city before. We have very high standards and expectations, but decided on this trip to avoid the luxury hotels and seek a more intimate and hopefully still attractive, friendly, and comfortable BOUTIQUE STYLE LODGING for this trip. This rennovated and updated townhome once owned by the French scientist Lavoisier was a WONDERFUL FIND.On our arrival and every day thereafter we were greeted warmly by the gracioius staff who made us (and every other guest that we observed arrive or depart during our stay) feel that we were who they had been waiting for. As a couple who hates (in spite of our preparatory research) to have every minute scheduled before they arrive and who like to make it up as we go along, the hotel's CONCIERGE SERVICES, especially Fabienne and Ludovic, were really the proverbial icing on our cake, providing us with EXCELLENT advice and service in every category you can imagine. They enjoyed my attempts to communicate in rusty basic French, and warmly responded in perfect English ( for other nationalities in a mutually understood language). They arranged for all our delightful dining experiences, willingly reviewed and culled our well researched list with us and even added some wonderful ideas of their own, which turned out to be excellent. They helped us to find the most convenient and (where requested) cost effective ways to see and experience as much of their fabulous city as possible in the week we had there. Whatever level of service we requested, they found a source for us and the quality was always excellent and did not disappoint. We especially enjoyed our outing to Versailles arranged by the hotel. We traveled by minivan in the company of three other English speaking couples from Canada and Australia with a young Frenchman as our driver and professional guide. His knowledge and ability to share it were incroyable! Every morning NIsha greeted us in Lavoisier's cheerful, cozy lower level cafe with his freshly brewed coffee in our own little pot and our own baker's basket of many fresh breads. The hotel offered this and more daily at the CONTINENTAL BREAKFAST buffet (INCLUDED in the price of the room) with more selections than one would expect in a small boutique hotel. (For those who choose to go elsewhere and want a full breakfast, numerous cafes are just steps away in any direction.) One evening we sat and enjoyed cocktails in the relaxing and elegant self-serve, HONOR BAR tucked just off the lobby with another couple staying at the hotel. It was then we planned our cocktail hour outing with them to the Ritz Bar toward the end of our stay. The LOCATION of this CHIC hotel is terrific, too, just a few minutes walk north of the Place de La Concorde, with the Champs Elysee in one direction and the Tuileries and Louvre in the other, just a few minutes from one of the hop on/hop off tour bus companies main stops, and just south of Hausmann and a taxi stand, the metro, Rue Faubourg, the Opera Garnier and the French department stores. Each day after roaming the streets, museums, historic sights, gardens,shops and restaurants, we returned to the comfort of our spotlessly CLEAN room with its SOPHISTICATED DECOR, COMFORTABLE BED with plump, soft pillows and lovely, up to date MARBLE BATH. We had asked when making reservations to be on the quieter side of the building away from the street and our request was honored without hesitation. The hotel is located just off Malsherbe and a bit north of the Madeleine Church in an area that is fairly quiet in the evenings anyway. It was nice to have the choice to enjoy the two grand French door style windows open or closed, when we needed the air conditioning system on a couple of warm September nights. No doubt, Hotel Le Lavoisier for $199 Euros per night was a major reason we enjoyed our wonderful visit to Paris. Since you cannot do Paris in one week, we must return to explore some more. When we return, we would definitely stay at Le Lavoisier again!!!  
<Date>Oct 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	-1	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>khkh
<Content>Worked for us Found a good package rate for this and a couple hotels in Provence through General Tours. There were two of us - I have been to Paris many times, my friend had not. We were very happy with this choice. The area is quiet and calm and seems to be mostly offices in beautiful old buildings. That cut down on the atmosphere of the area somewhat but the proximity to most of the must-see sites makes up for that. Our room was lovely and we routinely flooded the bathroom - not a big deal! Highly recommended for folks who don't need/want to be in the midst of hub-bub (I would probably stay over in the 7th at the Du Cadron but the rate we got with GT was so good we couldn't pass it up). Breakfast was good - service great, lighting dim.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>robstef
<Content>Le Lavoisier, classy,cool and chic., Stayed at Le Lavoisier with my wife and 9 year old daughter for two nights in July 2006, This is a quite delightful hotel and we will definitely return. Price is reasonable for Paris.The hotel is spotlessly clean and the room we had (on 3rd floor) was certainly not huge but took a double bed and an extra bed for my daughter easily with still some space to move around. Having said this my son and his wife were staying in the hotel at the same time (we had, unknowingly, booked into the hotel at the same time - synchronicity or what?) and his room, allegedly a suite with a jacuzzi bath did seem a little cramped and dingy. The only natural light was from a little ante-room, the window of which looked straight out onto a wall of the next building. Nonetheless, it was, as our room was, nicely furnished. The bathrooms were excellent, all white marble and tiles, and again, very clean. This hotel was a Town House and it still manages to retain some of the feel of that, yet at the same time with a modern touch. It has class. Someone has taken some care over the decor and furnishings.While we were there, it was a heat wave. Thank goodness then for the very efficient air conditioning in the rooms. After a day dashing round the tourist sites it was like coming back to an oasis. So cool!The Hotel is well situated - it really is in a quiet side street. There is no traffic noise. The metro is just round the corner as is a very impressive supermarket. One or two good restaurants to be found in the area too. Last but not least, the staff. The two young women who were on duty at the reception during our time there could not have been more helpful, charming, knowledgeable and just plain delightful. As a bonus, they were also attractive, sexy and chic (hope they don't mind me saying so).It would be wrong not to mention the breakfast ( which was more than adequate) and the absolutely charming guy who was serving. We had a terrific stay at this hotel and much of this was down to the efficiency and courtesy of the staff.In terms of hotels in this class, in this price bracket, Le Lavoisier must be hard to beat. I really hope they manage to sustain this level of service (at least until I get to stay there again).  
<Date>Oct 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>radform
<Content>Great Hotel with a few reservations 4 of us styed here at the end of July. I agree with lots of the reviews on the site, but just consider the following.We booked a Junior suite and a deluxe room. The Suite on the first floor faced the back of the building - which was a wall!! the room was ok, but so dark  of course no view. We asked to be moved  they helped us immediately. We looked at 2 rooms with views. On the first and 5th floors. Yes you get a tiny balcony on the 5th - but we decided on the 1st floor because the bathroom was bigger and the larger windows let loads more light into the room. The view wasn't that great, so it didn't really matter.The breakfast room was a bit small and dark, but the breakfast was ok.. don't go for the eggs  bacon - it's just not worth it...We missed not having a bar in the hotel - but it wasn't a big deal.Nice enough place... but I'd try somewhere else next time.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>leedsrhinos
<Content>Excellent Hotel We stayed here 22nd/24th July - very hot weather so the air conditioning was put to the test and not found wanting.This is an excellent hotel for the price - extremely convenient with a Monoprix almost next door, a Metro station and taxi rank just over the road and only 15 minutes walk to Opera or Champs Elyssees.We agree with other reviewers that a shower curtain would be of benefit, however the bathroom is fully tiled so we just accepted that everything got wet. The breakfast was very good and we got a deal where it was included in the room rate.Following advice from other reviewers, we asked for a room with a balcony on the fifth floor. Our friends did not and although their room was also on the fifth floor and was comparable to ours, we had the better view.Without exception the staff were helpful and friendly. They spoke excellent English and nothing was too much trouble. Fabienne is exactly as described by other reviewers - cheerful and welcoming.We will definitely stay here again on future trips to Paris and highly recommend it.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>westielvr
<Content>Nice boutique hotel A very nice hotel with excellent service. The rooms are small compared to North American standards, but very comfortable and well appointed. There is no shower curtain in the bathroom, so be careful not to get the entire bathroom wet! If you need an iron and board, you can ask for one at the front desk.We didn't eat breakfast at the hotel - very expensive at 14 euros. You can walk up the street to one of the cafes and get a continental breakfast for half the price. There is a lovely cozy lounge on the ground level - perfect for an evening nightcap. It's an honour bar, so you help yourself and just let the front desk know what you had. Great selection.OTHER PARIS OBSERVATIONSWarning: taxis can be hard to come by - if you reserve one in advance, there is an additional 8 euro charge to your fare. My advice: there is a taxi stand at the corner of Malesherbes and Haussman - wait there for a cab and don't pay extra. Otherwise, take the metro or walk.Parisiens are not known for their warmth and friendliness, so don't be offended if you encounter some rather rude people. I speak fluent French and still got attitude! I found that generally people don't take the time to listen and ensure they understood your needs, so don't be surprised if you don't always get exactly what you asked for.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	5	4	1	

<Author>damienc
<Content>Lavoisier lacking The hotel seems to get rave reviews and they are to some extent justified by the location,the ambience and the staff or most of them. We found one of the front office personnel to be arrogant and unhelpful. I guess it's part of the charm of Paris and not that big a deal.But I would sound one cautionary note about this hotel. The mattress in our room was as hard as a rock and certainly not conducive to a restful night's sleep.If hard mattresses are your thing then the Lavoisier would be your perfect hotel. But if you are like me and can only sleep in a comfortable bed you might want to consider one of the other highly recommended hotels.Maybe the hotel owners will read this and replace their mattresses.On a more positive note the breakfast was excellent.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very good hotel Stayed here in June/06 for 7 nights. Booked online via the official website for a Superior room. Our rate included breakfast (2 people).All hotel staff were very friendly and helpful. It is a small hotel, so it felt cozy and not as impersonal as a larger chain-type hotel. Our room was very clean. The area is quiet and felt safe; rue Lavoisier is off Malherbes. Location is convenient - Monoprix grocery/ drugstore is nearby, it's a 15-20 minute walk to Opera Garnier and the department stores, 20-30 minute walk to the Champs Elysees. Nearest subway station was St Augustin or Madeleine. Breakfast was good, especially the fresh-squeezed OJ. Our room had air conditioning, a small tv in the closet, hair dryer, and a small desk with chair.Only a few minor issues - no shower curtain in the bathroom, the bed was a bit sunk in the middle, and our window faced another building. Some other rooms appeared a bit better in terms of size and view, but overall we were very happy with the Laovisier and would stay there again.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>rickLondon_Uk
<Content>A great hotel in a great area Just returned from a terrific stay at Le Lavoisier. Got a good on line deal which included breakfast. This is a very classy hotel, full of nice touches (library) and a really friendly, welcoming staff. Our room on the top floor faced the back, so no great views but it was so quiet. Paris was blisteringly hot the weekend we stayed, but as we hate air conditioning we just opened the bedroom windows and we still had the most blissfully quiet room! The double (queen sized) bed was large and comfortable, breakfasts were perfect - fresh croissants, baguettes and brioches, fresh orange juice etc. The hotel is in a wonderful location, very close to Madeleine and all the smart boutiques and food shops, including a fantastic wine store called Lavinia. You are also close to some major Paris sights - Champs Elysees, Concorde, Tuileries, Louvre etc. We will definitely stay here again.For any interested vegetarians out there, we managed to have two really good meals within walking distance from hotel. Firstly, Maceo (about a 20 minute walk) actually has a small vegetarian menu alongside the usual meat/fish items. Food and ambience absolutely superb. Also much closer to the hotel (about 5 minutes walk) a place called L'envue also had a vegetarian sample plate. Food really good, but Maceo is the one I would choose for a really great foodie night out. Both places have their own website. Currently two great exhibitions close to one another - Cindy Sherman and 20th Century Italian Art. A wonderful hotel and what a wonderful weekend!!  
<Date>Jun 13, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A lovely hotel My son, daughter, and I stayed at the Hotel le Lavoisier Opera from June 6 - 10 and had a wonderful experience. The rooms (we stayed in the suite and then later moved to a balcony room) were clean and quite functional. The staff was wonderful. The hotel's proximity to St. Augustin metro and the Champs de Elysees made it an ideal location for us. There is also a Metro-Prix supermarket next to the hotel. The staff also helped us with accomodations and reservations for my daughter's surprise engagement under the Eiffel Tower. Will definitely stay there again. Couples should stay on the 5th floor, non-smoking, balcony level.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>bennbient
<Content>A 2 star hotel We stayed at this hotel recently and found it rather disappointing. The staff are friendly and helpful, but no more than what we've encountered elsewhere. The room was clean but average. No fridge, no safe or shower curtain and only a tiny and tatty looking television. The kingsize bed was actually two beds pushed together. The matresses were very uncomfortable.Nothing about the place delighted us, or exceeded our expectations.We had requested a non-smoking room on a high floor. We were allocated a smoking room on the second floor. We were left with the choice of staying there or moving to another, but smaller, smoking room. Incidentally, we were told that all rooms have ashtrays as standard. Reception informed us that the housekeeper would spray the room with deodoriser. It wasn't the response we wanted to hear.There was no hot water for two of the three days. This was explained as something to do with public works in the city. We have never encountered this before in a 4 star hotel. The breakfast room is in the basement. No natural light, and the ambience is on the drab side. It's possibly the saddest room we've ever ate in.On the plus side, the hotel is in a reasonable neighbourhood and the metro is nearby. Paris is a great place, and we had a wonderful time in the city. Based on the reviews, though, Le Lavoisier was a disappointment. Given the chance, we would probably book Hotel Sezz or Hotel Esprit Saint Germain.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A great location This was our first stay in Paris, and we took a long time deliberating over the hotel. We were not disappointed. The hotel is very conveniently located, close to the Metro, and within walking distance of many places of interest. We were struck by the cleanliness of the hotel, and of our room, although had some initial disappointment as our room did not appear to be the one we booked. On subsequent reflection, we feel that this was probably more a fault of the Expedia room descriptions than anything else. The hotel staff were certainly helpful in changing our room, and we had absolutely no complaints about the comforts of our stay. This was in fact a consistent theme throughout our stay - the hotel staff were delightful and exceptionally helpful, even down to pulling out the stops to find us a room for an extra night at the end of our stay.We were surprised that the rooms had no coffee-making facility, but this is a minor quibble. The typically French breakfasts were always fresh, enjoyable and served by one of the friendliest waiters we have ever met. In short, Hotel le Lavoisier and its staff contributed towards an outstanding and memorable holiday.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>survivorfan
<Content>Great hotel, but skip breakfast! We stayed at the Le Lavoisier in May 2006 and thought it was extraordinarily clean and had a unique contemporary, sophisticated style. We thought the front desk staff was helpful in making suggestions, giving directions, etc. However, the way that the menu in the breakfast room is written, it looks like the breakfast is included and that just eggs and bacon are extra. The reason why I say this is because there are no prices anywhere for the normal breakfast...but there are prices to add eggs and bacon. So...we ended up paying 14 euros EACH for two adults for each of two days, plus a fee each day for the child when she took two bites. In other words, we thought that the crossiants and coffee were included but about 72 euros showed up on our bill for crossiants that we thought were included. What an assumption on my part! I assumed that since there were no prices listed for anything except eggs and bacon, that everything else was complimentary.The room was extremely crowded with the cot for a triple room. You'd think a triple room would be bigger than a double, but hey...that's Europe. I also had espected a shower curtain, but this was not the case either. We sat in the tub and sprayed ourselves (and the rest of the small bathroom). I probably should have asked for one, but I didn't want to typify the preconceived notions of Americans. I, however, was impressed with the cleanliness and front desk service. The hotel was located in a convenient location to get to all the sights and right around the corner from a metro station. As far as cost, it was high at 204 euros per night, but we went in the peak season when rates in Europe are usually double, so most everything else in the vicinity was high priced also. The beds were the best part because they were actually quite comfortable! Overall, a good deal (with the exception of the breakfast) and very clean.  
<Date>May 25, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jur
<Content>excellent I would definitely recommend Le Lavoisier. Very friendly staff and great location. Don't take room 100 a the ground floor but all other rooms are OK.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved Le Lavoisier March 2006We spent 5 days in Paris and stayed at Le Lavoisier.The hotel was absolutley beautiful in the true French style! The location was so central and we were able to walk to all the major sites which are abundant.The hotel is in the opera district a 4 minute walk to the Madeline, 8 minutes to the Louvre. Resturants and cafes and shopping in abundance.The hotel is inviting and classically french! Rooms are beautifully finished and very comfortabe.A french continental breakfast was included in the price and was plentiful! yum! we didnt get hungry again until dinner time. It was well presented and so french!!!!! The setting for breakfast alone was an experience.The decor was amazing as was front desk service, some of our luggage was lost and they tracked it down, confirmed flights booked taxi's. Language was never a problem. Highly recommended!  
<Date>Mar 21, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>barbaranyegaard
<Content>Terrific Hotel with Unbeatable Location Le Lavoisier in Paris is a four star hidden jewel. I booked the hotel through Travel Intelligence and received a 350 euros dinner at the fantastic La Maison Blanche restaurant on Avenue Montaigne as part of the 700 euro two night package.The hotel is small, very quiet, discreet and provided excellent service. In just five minutes you can walk to great shopping (Galeries Lafayette), Jardin de Tuilleries, the Concorde and the Louvre. This is where I'll be staying from now on. A great deal.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect hotel for a night in romantic Paris I booked here for a surprise night away with my fiance. The staff were exceptionally friendly and helpful and they all spoke excellent English. Our room was very spacious and tasteful. And it is also in a great location! I would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>GuelphMarlene
<Content>Wonderful find in a great area of Paris We have been to Paris many times ,but finding a nice ,clean hotel at a reasonable price is often difficult to find.We found this hotel through the internet and the pictures looked great but we all know they aren't always reliable.I'm happy to say that this time they were.The hotel is elegant ,clean and the service was delightful.Our rooms were on the upper floors and facing a busy street, but we heard no noise at all and were able to get a good night's sleep.The breakfasts were very good and they were plentiful.This is a fantastic hotel and near the opera and the shopping district.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolutely Magic. From the moment my girlfried and I arrived outside the hotel to the moment we left, I knew I had made a great choice. The staff were very friendly and helpfull. Even at breakfast time when your still half sleeping they were great. I cant praise the hotel enough. Nice clean rooms which were very tastefully decorated, ideal for a romantic break. We walked everywhere, Hotel was ideally located for this no need for transport. You get to see the bits of Paris then that aren't on the maps which makes for a better trip.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>RomanNose
<Content>Two stays and both excellent My husband and I have escaped to this beautiful hotel (sans enfants) twice and I cannot stress how wonderful it is. We found the hotel quite by accident as our original hotel double booked and could not accomodate us. Fabienne was teriffic in our hour of need with two suitcases and no accomodation and consoled us with champagne!We returned last year and stayed in another gorgeous and comfortable room. Ludovic and his team make you feel so special and really cannot do enough to help. We walked to all over the city from the hotel, nothing is really that far.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>EliDC
<Content>Very Good; Great Staff We spent 2 nights at Le Lavoisier over the weekend Jan 13-15. We had 3 rooms (two suites and a double room) for a group of 6 adults and 5 children all 5 years and under. Not an easy group, but the hotel was wonderful. The location is excellent. The suites were perfect for families with small children because you can put the kids in an adjoining room. The regular room was a little small especially with the extra bed. The staff was really great. The best experience I have had in Paris (and we have stayed in a dozen hotels or more). They managed to find great restaurants for our very mixed group of 11 (Bouef sur le Toit particularly) and they were terrific with the kids. If you need big rooms, I would recommend the St.Petersbourg or the Hotel D'Orsay, but for excellent staff, beautiful rooms and great location you can't beat the Le Lavoisier.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2006
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Mdesim
<Content>Great Paris Hotel Great location, great staff, great room. Just spent New Year's eve in Paris and had a great stay at the Lavoisier. The front desk staff was friendly, helpful, and made us feel welcome and very comfortable. The room was nicely laid out, spotless and very quiet. We are going back to Paris later this year and are looking forward to staying here again.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect location, amazing staff and a magical long weekend I can be nothing but complimentary about this stylish hotel that mixes modern and classical decors to provide a perfect base to explore the city.I took my girlfriend for our first trip to Paris to celebrate our 4 year anniversary and so wanted everything to be perfect. The staff were more than obliging, placing beautiful (and reasonable) flowers in the room along with a chilled bottle of champagne to greet us upon our arrival. The staff also showed a real willingness to get to know us and to make sure our trip was everything we wanted it to be and we found that the hotel was in a perfect position to visit all corners of the city.I would reccomend this hotel to anyone and am looking forward to going back.Thanks for a great stay.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Stylish and Comfortable Hotel       View from balcony  
<Date>Dec 17, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Natal152
<Content>Memorable Visit It was with some trepidation my 16 year old daughter and I traveled to Paris from November 4, 2005-November 8, 2005. Whether it was traveling alone with an adolescent, arriving in France as a stranger who ddoes not speak any French, or the news about riots in and around the City, I am not sure what made me most nervous. I had arranged through the concierge at the hotel to have a car pick us up at the airport, and from the moment the driver met us, my fears were allayed. When we arrived at the Hotel, we were greeted by the friendly concierge who, despite the hour (10 A.M.) had a room prepared for us. Being able to shower and change clothes after a transatlantic trip made all the difference in the world. Our room was clean, spacious enough for two, and had a beautiful marble bathroom. Restaurant reccomendations and directions for site seeing made by staff were accurate and on point. Flowers and champagne were delivered to our room for a celebration of our journey and exceeded expectations. Paris was beautiful and we fealt safe throughout our trip, but what made our visit perfect was having such a wonderful home away from home.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Toomanybags
<Content>Tre Bon       Bathroom  
<Date>Nov 12, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hotel Le Lavoisier I would like to say that staying at the Hotel Le Lavoisier in the 8th Arr was not only a superb location, but the hotel a chic boutique hotel offered a wonderful personal service, I have no qualms that if we ever visit Paris again we would stay there.Mrs M of Derbyshire  
<Date>Oct 16, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>everything I hoped for Le Lavoisier was everything I hoped for and the wife was impressed with my selection - phew! Having looked extensively for the right hotel this proved a great choice. Great rooms and the one we had was perfectly silent being at the back of the hotel. Friendly and unobtrusive staff and management. Only 10 minutes walk from the Opera. Note there is a great shuttle bus direct to the Opera from Charles de Gaulle airport for 8 euros per person - runs every 15 minutes from most terminals. If you want to splash out then go for a meal at the Grand hotel Restaurant opposite the Opera - great service, ambience and food. The hotel is also only 10 minutes walk from Le Gare st Lazare which runs regular trains to Versailles - well worth a visit. The hotel only required check out by 12am so that was a good help too. I would definitely return to Lavoisier - great hotel in a great position with a great team of staff.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Ooo La La Lavoisier!       Lavoisier 2  
<Date>Aug 30, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Massimo_C
<Content>Faites comme chez vous (make yourself at home) I really enjoyed my stay in this well located, elegant little hotel in the 8th. It's boutique but not extravagently so, very tastefully decorated and appealing. RoomOur room was described by our host as small, but was the biggest room I've had in Paris and very comfortable. It was bright and airy, with yellow walls, two large shuttered windows and elegant floral drapes. We had twin beds which were a dream to sleep on (especially given the perfect silence). There were no dusty duvets, just crisp white sheets encasing blankets. We had plenty of storage space so we didn't have to live out of suitcases. Our room did not have a bland hotel feel to it, but reminded me more of staying in a spacious guestroom in a friend's charming home.Our bathroom (reasonable size, white, nice though not exceptionally modern or luxe) had combined bath  shower.BreakfastTea, coffee, fresh pastries, jams and fresh OJ is included - with more available for a few euros. Served in the basement - nice, not bad at all. DownsideNo communal internet, though there's an internet cafe round the corner. No tea or coffee making facilities or robes etc. Shower lacked a curtain, which made for some puddles.Stay againWith pleasure! This is the perfect place to spend a week or a weekend. Our hosts were helpful, attentive and friendly. It's fabulously located, a 5-10 min walk from the Champs E. Great value for money.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>WeddingNightmare
<Content>Quaint, stylish and elegant We are just back from a two night stay in Paris. I spent about a week looking for the 'perfect' hotel within our budget of 拢300, for a romantic stay in Paris and I was delighted with the Hotel le Lavoisier. Based upon the reviews on Trip Advisor, we paid a few Euros extra for a Junior Suite Room No 66. This was a quiet room overlooking the courtyard. The room itself was elegant with a touch of antique furniture, spotless and spacious. It had a king-sized bed, Jacuzzi bath which was a nice treat after a day of sightseeing. Lacking were a few basics that one would expect of a 鈥榮uite鈥? robs, slippers, sewing-kit (needed for hole in my blouse!), face-flannels and shower-gel. The location of the hotel was good. Jus around the corner from an equivalent of Marks  Sparks, which sold an excellent selection of produce, wine as well as clothing. Close to St Augustin the metro station. And well placed for the tour bus 鈥?fully recommend you buy the 2 day pass and much better and easier to use than the metro. It鈥檚 about 7 euros taxi fare from Gard de Nord where we arrived and departed on Eurostar. The breakfast was nice with a small charge of 2 or three Euros for cheese, bacon or eggs. The staff were very friendly and extremely helpful. If you are looking for a special boutique hotel then I fully recommend the Hotel le La Lavoisier.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Hotel with outstanding service My wife and I and are repeat visitors and always bring 3-5 associates/friends each time. The hotel offers American ammenities with a special French charm. The rooms are large, nicely furnished with well appointed bathrooms. On each of our 4 visits, the staff has always been very friendly, helpful with restaurant suggestions , and accomodating to our unique American needs and broken French (they are excellent English speakers).It is a cozy hotel with a library and bar, wireless internet, and is located in one of our favorite sections of Paris. There are 6 restaurants within a few blocks of the hotel that are extraordinary and very reasonably priced. We especially enjoy our breakfast and converstaion with the local chef. I have stayed many times at the Paris Hilton and Marriott on the Champs-Elysees. Since I found the Lavoisier Hotel, I only stay there and it has become my favorite boutique hotel in Paris. We look forward to our next visit and hope to stay for a few weeks. Maybe we will see you there.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>bosmom
<Content>Convenient location for shopping, but average hotel We arrived at the hotel and were given a tiny room on the first floor on the street side of the hotel. The man at the desk was aloof and seemed uninterested in our experience. We were supposed to have twin beds but it was just a double bed, with two twin mattresses pushed together made up with two sets of sheets. There was no separation between the mattresses. We were there for 9 nights so I was dismayed. I told him I was unhappy with the room and asked if there was a better room available. He seemed quietly irritated and dismissive. In contrast to the rest of the staff who were friendly and helpful, this guy really was a cold fish. He was professional, however, and offered us a larger room on a higher floor on the backside of the hotel. The bed was still the same, but the room was slightly larger and nicer. The breakfast in the morning was simple. A lovely sweet man (he was from another country) served the breakfast: fresh juice, yogurt, and a basket of breads. You could order eggs and bacon for a modest extra charge. The quality of the breads was just okay, not outstanding considering that we were in Paris. They brought the breakfast to the room for free if you didn't want to eat in the basement room. That was a very helpful service. They also provide the International Herald Tribune for free, a nice touch.The maid service was excellent. The TV is essentially a waste of time; it's tiny and there seemed to be a limit on the volume so we couldn't hear it. The bathroom was small but well designed and equipped. The real advantage of this hotel is the location in the 8th. It's just across the street from a Monoprix (a small K-Mart type store), within easy walking distance of Galeries Lafayette and Printemps. It's near the St. Augustin metro stop which is a pretty handy line. You can walk to the Madeleine, a great gourmet food area. This is a commercial, business neighborhood, so there's none of the cozy left-bank ambiance we associate with traditional Paris. So it's a mixed bag. This is not an exciting or inspiring hotel. It's a reasonably comfortable place to sleep while you're in Paris, but it brings very little of its own to the Paris experience. I find the rave reviews on this site puzzling. This is an average, at most slightly above average, hotel. Next time, I will go someplace more inspiring.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2005
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>mixed bag We stayed at Hotel Lavoiser for 4 nights this June. The staff was lovely, accomodating and knowledgeable about local restaurants and venues. The hotel was well maintained and very clean. They seemed to cater to an English speaking clientale and most guests apppeared to be Americans or British. On the down side,our room was very small and the accomadations were in no way equal to American properties. The tv was teeny and pulled out from a closet. The room was quiet but our view was of an unattractive apartment building. The bathroom was updated with a bath but again teeny. Our mattress was uncomfortable. For 4 nights which included continental breakfast, our bill was over $1000.00. This included $30.00 in access phone charges to be able to use our prepaid phone card. Compared to mid range American properties such as Doubletree or Holiday Inns, we were disappointed. But perhaps, it is unfair to compare Paris hotels to those in the states. Paris is charming, the French people were wonderful to us and we had a great time on our vacation. But in terms to hotel values, there's no place like home.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2005
<Rating>3	2	2	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A gem of a hotel My husband and I stayed four nights at this wonderful hotel. It is truly a gem.It is well located, within a block of a metro station and a couple of blocks from a major tourist bus stop.The staff was wonderful, especially Fabienne, they were always glad to help, from little things like directions to reservations at restaurants.Our room was perfect, clean and comfortable, it was very quiet and we could rest after a full day of sightseeing.We were going to stay at another hotel on our way back home and opted to stay again at the Le Lavoisier.I would certainly return to this hotel on my next trip to Paris.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jensermac
<Content>Great small hotel This hotel is as it appears on its website. It is small and intimate and all the staff are very friendly (there is more than 1 staff member). The room we had was a good size, the bathroom was small. The room and bathroom were very clean and although our room looked out onto the street (4th floor) we did not find the street noise a problem and I am a very light sleeper!The breakfast room is small and can be quite hot, but if this is not for you, they will serve your breakfast in your room at no extra charge. There are a couple of small lounge areas on the ground floor, but to be honest we never used them, as we were out most of the day anyway.In summary we felt very much at home and would recommend this hotel to our friends. If there was anything negative to say about the hotel, it would be that there are perhaps a few areas which are now needing to be freshly painted, for example the inside of our bathroom door. If you are looking for the service of a 4 star, 200+room, inter-continental hotel, then this is not the hotel for you, but if you are looking for a home away from home, then I would thoroughly recommend it.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>kywillia
<Content>DO NOT STAY HERE The rooms were nice and big for Paris.But the place is OVERPRICED!!! BIG TIME!The people here are unprofessionalThey charged me $175.00 for dry cleaning of 12 items!! ARe you kidding me!!My wife and I left or cleaning in our dry cleaning bag in our room. When we got back, the had a box with out clothes in it and a bill for $175.00 Euroos for shorts and T shirts!! You kidding me!!Service was average at best.At night, GOOD LUCK.I walked down to the lobby, and the guy had his feet proped up on the desk catching some ZZZZZSSI asked if I could get some ice and he said oh oh, I will be right upHE never showed until I called and woke him 30 minutes later!This is a very small hotel. Which is not such a big deal. They quoted us a junior suite at $310.00 and we said ok.We go there and they proceeded to take us to a room in the basement1 on floor -1 as the elevator said. You kidding me? They said, is this ok? I said heck no!!Oh ok sir, We will get you a room up stairs. For $310.00 and for a 4 to 5 star hotel, I got a room with bright red bricks outside my window.Upon check out, we over heard the hotel manager/conceirge/porter/phone guy (hint- they are all the same person)He quoted the same room we stayed in at $250.00 including breakfast.Amazing.We immediately checked out.READ MY LIPSDO NOT STAY HERE..THE REVIEWS WERE WAY OFF HERE..  
<Date>Jun 9, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nickp21101974
<Content>OK, good start, but some disappointments Booked in to Le Lavoisier on the strength of the reviews on here. First impressions were good - very friendly staff, the lady who greeted us, Fabienne I think was her name - was very friendly. The room was ok, quite small but clean and seemed ok. Despite there being shutters however, the room was very noisey - it is right at the end of a side road, off a busy road, so it actually might aswell be on the main road. Car noises most of the night unfortunately. The second day we went for a meal in the evening arranged by the hotel as a package which was good, and good value. On our return to the hotel we went into the hotel bar, which is actually a small room. We were directed towards a cupboard and told to help ourself to beer or wine. I took a bottle of fairly basic Muscadet; we had to go to our room as the night porter was watching TV in the bar. I was quite surprised and disappointed next morning to find I had been charged 30E for the wine; a similar bottle was selling next door to the hotel at a supermarket for about 4E!!. Overall the hotel was fair, nothing special, probably wouldnt go back, and my view is that the reviews on here are wrong when they say it is a quiet hotel.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>JP99
<Content>Great Hotel, Great Location This is a great little hotel close to everything. You can walk to the Louvre or the Champs Elys茅es and many other attractions. The metro is close and is very easy to get around on. There is a direct bus that goes from Charles de Gaulle International to the Opera house (every15 minutes), for only 12 bucks, and you can walk to the hotel (about 10 minutes) from there. The Hotel room was very clean and maid service was great. Breakfast was included. Staff were excellent and can easily speak English. They helped me plan a great walking tour of Paris! I would highly recommend this hotel for anyone visiting Paris.  
<Date>May 29, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I will stay here again. My partner and I took one room and put my mother in another right across the hall for three nights. We all loved it. The rooms were tastefully appointed and extremely clean. The hotel staff was all around helpful and friendly.The breakfast was cozy and tastey with an exceptionally friendly staff. The hotel is conveniently located near great shopping and food. It is also quiet when you want quiet.I was looking for a very nice small french hotel in Paris that Mom would be very comfortable in. We didn't need a gym, a bar, and three star restaurant and office - nor any of the frills that you pay for but don't always use at a typical 5 star. This hotel earned every star.It meant and exceeded every expectation. It was a great value. I have paid far more for far less in Paris. I will return here.  
<Date>May 28, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>bsr1
<Content>Loved it! Thank you Ludovic and all the rest of the staff. We loved our first trip to Paris, and would definitely stay in this lovely little hotel on our next trip. The room was clean, cozy and elegant. Nice large windows that opened to a quiet side street.The location enabled us to walk to most of Paris' famous sites. Great breakfast with fresh squeezed juice.  
<Date>May 20, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Merci ! A wonderful stay at this hotel. Superb hospitality and wonderful rooms. They made our first trip to Paris amazing, everything was perfect !!! We highly recommend this pearl and we will tell all our friends in New York and Los Angeles about this great hotel.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>So Pleasurable A hidden treasure with five star hospitality. Great location and ambiance. We've enjoyed this beautiful hotel, it felt like home. We thanks all the staff for making it so enjoyable.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>HEJ1949
<Content>Superbe! Spotlessly clean, cafe au lait walls in the bedrooms, and the rest white. The absolute Parisienne experience. Surrounded by beautiful classic austere Paris 'batiments' with magnificent wrought iron balconies. Wonderful staff!! Go there!!  
<Date>Apr 11, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Superbe !! Very confortable and cosy place to stay in Paris. Poeple were very friendly, too. We thank all the staff for their hospitality.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Our favorite hotel in Paris We would like to thank the fantastic management and staff of the Hotel for making our honeymoon stay in Paris very special this past february. We love the Hotel and are looking forward to our next visit.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>gb
<Content>Good value, good service Stayed for 3 nights last week  had no real problems at all.I originally booked a slightly larger room than the standard (room 16 I think)  it was spacious for a Parisian hotel room, but the only window looked out onto a wall. This we then changed with no problems to a smaller room with a window overlooking the street (room 12) which we were very happy with.The toilet was very small, fully tiled, clean  separate to the bathroom which was the same.All the staff spoke very good English, were relaxed polite  very helpful with any requests.Although the hotel classes itself as a 4 star, I don`t think it would strictly meet that criteria (in my humble opinion) for a few minor reasons - no tea/ coffee making facilities, room safe, or mini bar in the standard room we stayed in.The hotel was very smart looking from both outside  inside decor  the rooms also,  very clean too.The location was one of the best I`ve stated at in Paris - 200 yards from St. Augustin church  10 mins walk from Place de Madeleine  400 yards to Augustin metro stop.Hope this doesn`t seem like a negative post as it`s not intended to be. I would definately return to this hotel again  I have already recommended it to friends who I think are going to go there in the spring.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Monkeyandpig
<Content>Ubeatable location, superbly appointed, but pricey... This hotel is in the best location, 8th arrds., minutes from Galleries Lafayette, fabulous shops, restaurants and cafes. And the metro right in front of it, we didn't have to go anywhere by taxi. Superb location, wonderful, new furniture and tasteful decorations, but the standard double room and bathroom tiny. However, we were hardly ever in the room so didn't matter. Highly recommended.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very nice hotel, good services My wife and I stayed at the Lavoisier for 5 nights. From the beginning, we thought it was the best hotel in Paris. This hotel is very nice! Staff is very helpful except Fabienne at the desk who was very strange to us. She absolutely wanted us to take a tour (they have brochure at the desk). She said reservations are not available directly...which is not correct. Actually, 2 people were extremely friendly, Sandra and Nishaw. The guy is the Jack !!! We recommend this hotel for the location, and for these two persons. They can help in making any reservation, and Sandra recommended the restaurant L'envue which was very nice (2 blocks from the hotel)  
<Date>Oct 8, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kimb27
<Content>What a find!       View from out room.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hidden Gem Recommend this hotel from a frend who was raised in Paris. Well appointed hotel, boutique style, upper class style, quiet with a very helpful staff. I would recommend that you opt for a Junior suite, they are roomy, large beds. Definitely, a place to go if you do not want to be in the tourist trap hype hotels. More of a hotel for those that are discerning travelers, but; are not into chasing after names or status.Has made my list of hotels to go back when I am in Paris.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PDXConnisseur
<Content>Great value, great location   showReview(2249672, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 2, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>beautiful and elegant   showReview(2076054, 'full');   
<Date>May 18, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A little Gem!   showReview(1659914, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 18, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Parisien Gem   showReview(1650386, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 15, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DRLand
<Content>Wonderful small hotel; convenient yet away from the tourists!   showReview(1537897, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 4, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent hotel   showReview(1497990, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 25, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>EL49
<Content>nice little neighborhood hotel   showReview(1441530, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 7, 2003
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>wise2374
<Content>Charming, central but hidden hotel   showReview(1272518, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 3, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>High Standards in Paris   showReview(1021551, 'full');   
<Date>May 19, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Chic Paris Charmer   showReview(917636, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 15, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>neckels
<Content>Parfait comme d'habitude   showReview(23242772, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 4, 2009
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Achusxmachina
<Content>Geschmackvoll eingerichtet, Freundliche Angestellte   showReview(18101397, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel peque帽o, bien decorado...   showReview(12651882, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>margarita3
<Content>Paris es realmente costoso   showReview(10041886, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 5, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	3	4	4	4	3	

<Author>salvadormalaga
<Content>Plena satisfacci贸n   showReview(7751569, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 3, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	3	4	4	

