<Author>bravens
<Content>Nice place to spend the night! Very nice hotel. Only complaint is that the towels were not very good quality... hard and itchy!  
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>Fionausvi
<Content>Excellent Airport Hotel A quick shuttle ride from LAX. Fast, efficient check in. Very comfortable room, clean. TV selection could be better. Fabulously comofortable bed. Hotel not noisy. Right across the street from Budget Car Rental which was very convenient.I'd stay here again.  
<Date>Dec 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>AnonymousMe
<Content>Not up to the Renaissance name I spent one night here and was present in the hotel only about five hours due to a diverted flight. Given that most of my time was spent sleeping, my experience in this hotel is somewhat limited. Here's what I found in that short time, though.Shuttle service to/from the airport is very fast--it's 24/7 and runs every 15-20 minutes. The airport is very close to the hotel. I arrived hungry; the restaurant had closed but the desk clerk told me I could order food at the bar. When I asked at the bar, I was told it was too late and had to use room service. The room service menu was very limited and would take too long, so I looked for vending machines. Nothing. the only other source of food was a Burger King across the street, but I didn't want to venture out alone at night--it's very dark in that area. Went to bed hungry.The room was nice enough--lots of pillows and newly renovated, but not as nice as the Plain Old Marriott I had just come from in Toronto. I'm not sure why this hotel is in the Renaissance category...maybe the marble in the lobby. When I awoke four hours later to catch my next flight, I stumbled into the bathroom only to find that there was no hot water in the shower. And I mean NONE--not even lukewarm. The tap in the sink provided barely lukewarm water. So, unshowered and grumpy, I checked out at the front desk. The clerk could have cared less when I informed her of the lack of hot water. Normally I would have pursued the issue, but I had the shuttle waiting and a plane to catch, and left a very unhappy customer.Despite the fact that I paid only $80 on Priceline, I don't feel I got a good value and would not stay here again.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2008
<Rating>1	2	3	3	3	4	-1	-1	

<Author>chimera22
<Content>A great place to park at LAX We spent one night here before a 6am flight at LAX. There was zero airport noise although it is very close to LAX. The hotel was busy but we had no problem with check in or elevator service. We did not use any of the facilities so I cannot comment on that except to say that the complimentary airport shuttle back and forth was prompt and worked out great.We stayed one night and had 7 days of valet parking included in the price. This is a pretty good deal considering the cost of parking at LAX. I'd do it again for an early am flight.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	3	4	

<Author>randois
<Content>Outstanding Experience This hotel in the middle of the LAX matrix of hotel offerings is truly a gem. Outstanding service. Terrific personel, very professional and always accomodating. Ate at the bar with a client. Client wanted a special pasta based on her restrictive diet. Bartender communicated special need to head chef and viola, a great meal was served, and the client was impressed.Stay here ...you won't be dissapointed!  
<Date>Nov 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>indytraveler1
<Content>Very enjoyable, great staff Stayed at the Renaissance 10/22-10/26 and was very pleased. Booked the Renaissance Jaguar Suite package for $289 a night. The Jaguar ended up being a 2008 Mercedes C300 which was great. The suite is one big room, 2 tvs( one is flat screen), a fridge, one king bed, one couch, a coffee table, work desk and chair. The room faced the airport and there was no outside noise. The bathroom has an updated sink and a nice shower . Used room service twice, food was good, a little pricey, but thats LAX. There arent any restaurants within walking distance, unless you are a Burger King fan. The drive to Disneyland took 45 minutes on a weekday morning. Also drove to Santa Barbara, that took 2 hours. It is a great hotel for the money and car included, concierge was especially nice and helpful. Even left a note in the room along with chocolate chip cookies saying they hoped our trip to Disneyland was enjoyable. Will go back again.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lisa22743
<Content>Yes, there IS a pool!!       Lobby  
<Date>Oct 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>rosspk
<Content>Great overnight stay Stayed overnight as first leg of our US trip. Free shuttle bus from the airport.Good size room, nice  clean with a great bed. Check in staff were friendly  helpful, as was the concierge.We ordered the continental style breakfast, room service. This was the typical selection of pastries, cereal, fruit bowl, juice  coffee. This was absolutely outstanding - beautiful fresh OJ, truly fresh pastries  fruit bowl that actually had plenty of lovely ripe berries - not just some old melon. All up a terrific stay.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	4	4	5	3	

<Author>Ozstitcher
<Content>Handy to the airport       Room  
<Date>Oct 20, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	2	5	3	5	1	

<Author>teachers55
<Content>Sterile but right price This hotel was a 7 pillows-on-the-bed hotel which at first glance seemed very nice, but our room had two major problems. We had luke warm to cool water in the shower - the water simply would not get hot - and the toilet did not flush properly. We worried every time we used it that it would overflow. We were only there one night so we didn't complain but we told the desk about the problems when we checked out. The staff was friendly and helpful - gave us a wine opener at no charge. The bedding was first class. We booked through priceline and got a terrific discount -- bid was $72 plus tax to a final bill of $88. We turned in our car before going to the hotel so we didn't have to pay the high cost parking and the shuttle the next morning was on time, no problem. In fact, the rental car shuttle delivered us directly to the hotel which was handy. We'd stay there again for an early morning flight - especially with the same priceline bid - but we'd check the toilet and shower before unpacking in case we needed to change rooms.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>littev0ices
<Content>Stayed here on recommendation and wasn't disappointed My wife and I stayed here for a single night as we wanted to get out of LA easily the next day down Highway 1 - I'm a Marriott platinum member so tend to get better treatment than the average guest so bear this in mind with my review. I was staying on points and had read about this hotel on tripadvisor/other sites as being one of the best Marriott鈥檚 in LA - hence deciding to stay here for the night in question - we we're disappointed.Arrived and found the hotel easily, put our car into the parking garage (cost about $23/night with check in/out privileges). Check-in was a breeze, pleasant receptionist thanking me for choosing their hotel etc, made me feel very at home and happy. Lobby also looked nice.Our room was on the club floor (11), and had a nice view of the airport (as requested prior to check-in so that was noted and acted upon). The room had a nice flat screen high def TV and the usual great Marriott bed. Felt at home and enjoyed the nice bathroom too -although huge disappointment that later in the evening there was no hot water, so no bath, we didn't report the problem though as we didn't want to watch someone fixing it late in the evening. It was working by the next day.We had arrived a little late (~8pm) and after freshening up went to the club lounge to try 'deserts', which were very tasty (and free). The prices in the club lounge aren't cheap I admit, but, the offer of cocktails for about $9 isn't too bad for this class of hotel imho, whilst you can enjoy watching the planes land.For food there wasn't anything nearby apart from a Burger King across the road, as such we asked in the club lounge for a recommendation for a nice Italian. They gave us a name of one a short drive away - it was tasty, and it was also Zagat rated we noticed, so definitely a positive recommendation from the staff.Next morning we checked out and left, but, had a good time overall and if I was near LAX in the future I'd try and stay here.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>LKWLongBeach_CA
<Content>Sharp  The large, remodeled rooms on the club floors are great. Decor is W Hotel style - clean and modern. Upscale touches include Cigar Afficionado, Golf Digest  Wine Enthusiast magazines. Lather brand bath products. New carpet, quality bed linens, Two CD/IPOD-capable clock/radios. Soundproof windows, sitting area, 2 TVs (one plasma). Writing desk with lighting  power/internet station, etc. That being said...We booked one night to attend a function being held at the hotel so we wouldn't have to drive the 30+ miles back home at midnight after the festivities. The 11th floor room with club lounge access was nice; but the hallway outside smelled like a 55 gallon drum of 90 weight transmission oil was hidden within a 10' radius. Perhaps the elevators were just serviced? It did remind me that I need to stop by JiffyLube this week to have my oil changed in the car...We booked the Romance Package for a few extra $$$ (a bottle of chilled champagne, chocolate-dipped strawberries  fresh rose petals sprinkled on the bed upon arrival)! Note: Upon Arrival means sometime after 6pm....no matter when you arrive (check-in starts at 3pm). We checked in at 4:30pm - no romance. We called front desk to check on romance's status,  were told we'd have it within 30 minutes. We went to the club lounge...hor's douvres start at 5:30 pm. Until then, there were plenty of sodas, bottled water and coffee/tea available, along with some not-quite-ripe pears. At 5:30, they set out some VERY nice appetizers (shot glasses filled w/veggie sticks, rice with curried chicken skewers, cute little gourmet cheese  dried fruit bowls with crackers). Drinks at the lounge were pricey, w/average wine going for $8.50/glass. Better wine was more. (Hint: the liquor store on the corner of 98th  Airport will sell you a BOTTLE of average wine for about the same $$$). After a quick hunger-satisfying snack, we returned to our room to dress for the evening's gala in one of the ballrooms. SURPRIZE!! A hotel staffer was preparing the Romance Package - Part I for us by lazily spreading rose petals on the bed. We all agreed that they were pretty, and smelled really nice. But, OK...some ambiance is definitely lost when you have to sit on the couch  chatting with and watching somebody prepare your room for Romance. And this was only PART I of the romance thing....Part II was handled by Mr. Catering Guy who knocked at the door bearing said champage  strawberries 15 minutes after Ms. Rose Petal left with her empty rose-petal-holding-mini-suitcase.In the meantime, since romance was on hold for a spell, we turned on the plasma TV to catch up on the day's affairs. The sound on the TV set was amazing! The completely black picture, however, left something to be desired. A quick check of the cables  controls left us with the realization that this problem was over our heads and we'd need a professional to fix it. We finished dressing, and being cautious travelers, placed our valuables in the thoughtfully provided personal safe located in the top dressser drawer (great idea - beats having to crawl into the closet to find the safe, which is where most hotels place them). Just before leaving, we placed a call to the front desk lodging our TV repair request, and placed another in-person request with the Concierge on our way downstairs to attend the pre-gala cocktail party (just in case). Attendance at the cocktail party was great, but that also meant crowded, with lots of bodies in little space (the hallway outside the banquet room). It got really hot, really fast. We decided to take short leave of the festivities and head back up to our room to enjoy a glass of cold champagne and a chocolate-dipped berry or two, because (as it was upstairs in the club lounge) a glass of mediocre wine was $8.50. Back at our rose petal festooned room, we found Mr. Maintenance carefully checking the plasma TV. He deduced that the tube was blown, and announced he was on the way downstairs to see if there was another TV around he could swap out. We advised him that we'd be there for about 20 minutes, so to come back after that, which he apparently did, as when we returned after 11:00 pm, the plasma was fixed. The last issue happened when we tried to access the thoughtfully-provided-and-easily-accessible-personal-safe containing our valuables, and found that no matter how many times we entered the carefully programmed personal code, the LED display returned a ERROR90 message. Another call placed to the front desk requesting someone come by to fix obstinate electronic device resulted in yet another hotel staff member (this time from security) knocking on the door; this time at 11:45 pm, to reprogram the safe and rescue our belongings. While this seems like a lot of inconvenience...I can say the room itself was quite nice, the hor's douvres and the breakfast items were terrific - after we turned in the slight molded bagels in exchange for fresher, less green English Muffins. Recommend the management pay a bit of attention to quality checking the well-decorated and appointed rooms, and some time reviewing guest-preparation processes. This would go a long way toward making guest's stays more enjoyable.....by the way. If you've booked a club lounge access room, may I recommend requesting Room 1125: most of the things that could go wrong in this room have already been fixed!  
<Date>Oct 7, 2008
<Rating>3	2	5	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>ladybug5
<Content>Won't stay here again This was the third time I have stayed at this property, but this will be my last time. We have had problems each time. The last time they gave us a room that had been made up to look clean, but actually had dirty sheets and a bathroom that had been used.This time the lights did not work and the remote control had to be replaced. We stayed with a park n fly rate. Even thought the rate was reasonable our car was so dirty we could barely see out the windshield. They said it would be parked in a garage, but I am not sure that happened. In the past they washed the car before they returned it to you. Also after flying from Montreal we had to wait 20 minutes to be picked up and after returning to the hotel had a wait another 15 minutes to get the car back and we were the only ones there at the time. Oh yes my husband also loaded oour luggage. Half way through someone came over to help since he was looking for a tip. I have also stayed at the Sheraton LAX and it was better. I will not be returning.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	3	2	-1	

<Author>JhonB
<Content>Needed a hotel airport for a day Flying into LA to catch a cruise and needed a place to stay overnight. The Hotel was as I expected for a Marriott. No surprises and most important of all no disappointments. Got a nice rate on a Marriott weekend getaway promotion. Ate dinner at the sports bar/restaurant at the Airport Marriott two blocks down, and breakfast at the hotel in between the two (Who鈥檚 name escapes me now) as we were not impressed with the restaurants at the Renaissance. On the end of our trip, the room would have cost twice as much, so opted to stay at a different hotel for the last night in LA, but only because of price.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	3	4	4	4	2	

<Author>Hazy-Sunshine
<Content>Very good airport hotel We stayed at the Renaissance Montura for 2 nights in a suite on the concierge level. The suite was a good size and was very clean and comfortable with all the little touches you would expect from a 4 star. The service from the reception, concierge and staff in the club lounge was excellent and the food was good too. We particularly enjoyed the chocolate covered strawberries in our room. The hotel also has a small pool, jacuzzi and fitness room, which we didn't use but they looked very well maintained. Overall we were really pleased with our stay and everything about the hotel. For the price it is excellent value for money.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Paula7928
<Content>Loved the Renaissance Montura I booked this hotel for $99 on the Marriott website for a Friday night. The hotel was beautiful with comfortable beds and nicely decorated rooms. The staff was friendly and helpful. There is a Burger King across the street so you can save money on food. Hertz, Avis, and Budget are nearby also if you need to return a rental car. There is a well stocked gift shop in the lobby and I was impressed with how many different items they offered. The bellman who carried our luggage up brought us 3 bottles of complimentary water. Anytime we called down for extra towels or soap they were brought quickly. The hotel looks brand new and we really enjoyed staying there. I would definitely stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TJDDevon
<Content>Fab Time! Having just returned from a 3 week self planned tour of the west coast with my husband and 11 year old son I feel I must compliment the Montura Hotel. We stayed for the first 4 nights of our adventure and our only problem were noisy neighbours on the first night. The next morning we mentioned it to the concierge when asking for info on the area ( all of which we got plus maps etc - extremely helpful) - within seconds she said the 'noisy' guests were here for a while and she would upgrade us to a Club room.The bedroom was a good size , comfortable with an attractive decor - bathroom was clean but not particularly stylish so could be updated to bring it more in line with the rest of the hotel, which had a luxurious feel with attractive artwork and sculptures.Couldn't hear any airport noise although we could see the planes coming in to land which my son found exciting. We used the self parking which was a little cheaper than the valet parking and just used an interior lift to get to the appropriate parking floor - no hassle at all. We had breakfast included and it was one of the best things we did - staff were polite, attentive and the cook makes a mean omelette - lots of choice. Well worth a visit. P.S. Used Trip Advisor to assist in the planning of our holiday.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	4	

<Author>CanadianTraveller100
<Content>Very nice airport hotel I bid on priceline.com and paid only $116 (including tax) for one night in this 4-star hotel. It was definitely worth it. It is a true 4-star hotel with all the style, comfort, and space. I asked for a room with double beds, but the hotel clerk told me that they ran out of such rooms and upgraded me to a room with a living area, and a pull-out sofa. It has plenty of desk and storage space, a large bathroom, two TVs, and a king-size bed. My mom and I had a very restful night between flights. Though it was near the airport, we couldn't hear the airplanes at all when inside the room. It doesn't feel like an airport hotel at all. There is a Burger King right across the street, so you can save money on food if you don't mind fast food for one day (we didn't.)  
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	3	5	5	-1	5	

<Author>tofubeast
<Content>Nice option in a central spot We chose to stay here even though we weren't flying in an out of LAX. We got a nice rate for a great hotel, especially when comparing what the rates were going for with similar class hotels in other areas of L.A. Staff were friendly and quick during check-in. Self parking was included in our rate and was pretty easy breezy. The room was nicely appointed, with nice bed linens, marble counter-tops, and a flat screen tv. I was mostly impressed that we could not hear the airplanes at all. The room was nice and silent! We would not hesitate to say here again in the future.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>wwills
<Content>Good and Bad Stayed at the LAX Renaissance as a quick place to stay after arriving late into LAX at the start of our trip. First, if you arrive late (after 11pm), their shuttle hardly ever shows up. We waited in the exhaust fumes for 30 mins before calling the hotel. All of the other hotel shuttles arrived - just not ours. When we called, they told us to book a cab and they would reimburse. Cab fare was $20 with tip. I asked the Cabbie when we got in if he took credit cards. He said yep. When we arrived, he told me he did not take credit cards, and pointed to the ATM in the hotel lobby.Lobby is nice and clean and updated. It's very close to the airport. Hertz rentals is within walking distance (about two long blocks). The room is very small and has a musty smell. The A/C barely kept the room warmish-cool. The bathroom was worn out and old, but not dirty. The staff was generally nice and efficient though it took me a few calls to get extra pillows and towels.Internet is available for a cost. It's generally pretty quiet. So I would recommend it for a no-frills, but expensive, one night stay after or before a flight at LAX.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	5	3	4	3	3	

<Author>jo1970Singapore
<Content>Nice but not great Recently stayed at this hotel after a 16 hour non-stop flight from Asia. Picked up a rental car so can not comment on the shuttle service but did notice that there seemed to be more shuttle buses for the hotels than some of the rental car companies.Good sized room with a very comfortable bed. Older style bathroom but certainly clean and plenty of towels. Paid the extra for the Club level but didn't use many of the extras as we got in late and left v early.Low noise level given how close to LAX the hotel is, allowing us to get a good nights sleep. Room service food was excellent but huge serving sizes. Corona's were expesnive even for US hotel prices, but you pay for the convenience of room delivery with a smile.The only downside was that the room rate supposedly included 8 bottles of water which would have been handy for the early morning drive. However, the check-out desk staff had no idea what I was talking about even though I'd called down 2 minutes earlier and I'd been told to collect them from the front desk by another staff member. Given it was before 6am I couldn't be bothered arguing and tracking down whom I'd spoken with.... and hit the road.Overall, I'd stay there again but could not say I loved it. However, it is a great airport hotel.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	3	3	

<Author>alindseyfinale
<Content>Thoughtful Staff, Great Food, Loved it! My husband, mother-in-law, and I stayed at this hotel while traveling to CA to get married. We stayed four nights/ five days, and loved it! Realistically, the shuttle was a little slow because of the sheer volume of people it had to pick up, and drop off, but the Valet Parking was awesome, and affordable at just $25/per day. Once we arrived, the check-in was fast, and the ammentities were terrific. The bed was SO comfortable! One night we were stuck in traffic for so long, that we were unable to get to any open restaurants, and decided to do room service. After a certain time, the hotel menu drops down to about 4 items, and I wanted some real food! I called the kitchen, and they told me to order whatever we wanted, and they'd fix it. They were so sweet. The hotel food is quite expensive but SO good, and I'm a very picky eater. After getting married on the beach in Santa Barbara, we arrived back to our room to find fresh rose petals all over the floor and bed, as well as chilled champagne, 2 champagne flutes garnished with strawberries, and chocolate covered strawberries! It was such a nice surprise. The staff came in and cleaned at whatever time we specified, which were always really odd hours, and never interrupted our sleep. Every night their was a turn down service when we returned from our destination, and it made our stay even more special.Added Suggestion: Make sure to get the Club Level room package so that you have access to the Conceirge Lounge. They provide breakfast, hors d'eurves, dessert, soda, coffee, hot chocolate, and water that is completely complimentary. It's not open all day long, but it is open several hours at a time. It was fun to get to try different things. It's worth a little extra money per night.Hope you have as good a time as we did!  
<Date>Aug 3, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	3	5	4	5	4	

<Author>------
<Content>The Club Floor ain't worth it!!! We stayed at this hotel for one night in preparation for our flight the next day out of LAX. We stayed on the club floor at a tune of $259 per night. Afternoon hor doeuvres were not plentiful. Watch out for the seniors staying on the club floor; they ate everything in site making a meal with the hor doeuvres leaving nothing for simple folks like ourselves who are not used to fight for food in a club lounge. Breakfast was the same chaotic manner with the seniors fighting for the club lounge food...it was a sight to see.Nice beds, outdated bathroom with faucets the oldest that I have ever seen. Free internet in the club lounge with free printing-nice!Airport shuttle stops at the Marriott first so if the bus is full it simply passes by the Renaissance without picking anyone up and you have to wait again.Suggestion for future travelers...simply try to avoid landing and taking off from LAX...not too much choice for luxury hotels in the LAX area.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2008
<Rating>2	1	4	4	4	2	2	5	

<Author>myscreenname29
<Content>Great Business Hotel Despite pratically being on the runway, the plane noise is not bad at all, and I am sensitive to noise. Rooms were clean and the beds were very comfortable.Staff was nice. Food was good. Great business hotel.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>morgaine0000
<Content>Nice for airport hotel We stayed here for 6 nights while attending a conference at the hotel. The rooms were very nice and very clean. The furniture was pleasant and the bed was comfortable. The bathroom was typical for a hotel of this type. Internet access was $12.95/day including local phone calls. It worked well. There was a flat panel tv with a decent selection of channels. The pool was nice, but needed heating. There is a nice fitness center and also a hot tub. Check-in was easy and most employees were polite. The restaurant was very slow.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>TravelThom
<Content>Best Hotel in LAX Area       Fitness Center  
<Date>Jun 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Pala49
<Content>This is well worth staying at this is a very professional hotel and of very good quality...there is simply nothing wrong with it..although for some people its location as an airport hotel and therefore some distance from eating locations might be viewed as a negative.We stayed there 4 nights and found that catching the shuttle ..which runs every 15 minutes..to LAX ..enabled us then to hook onto the Flyaway which for $8 return will take you to 3 significant destinations..Union Station, Westwood and one other from which you can connect tolocal public transport..most notably the metro at Union station..You can also get to Santa Monica by connecting on the Blue bus.Back to the hotel itself..the room was very clean and well cleaned each day..the facilities were of a level where any improvement would largely be a waste of money..we simply had no issues with the place other than to say we definitely enjoyed our stay  
<Date>Jun 26, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CORALGABLES
<Content>Airport Oasis I can highly recommend the Renaissance Montura. After the horrendous experience of LAX Airport I was in need of somewhere to relax and was so happy to get to the hotel. The Renaissance is only a few minutes from the aiport and the shuttle service picks you up right outside the baggage claim area. The hotel is quiet (even though it is close to the airport) and classy. The rooms are large, clean and very tastefully furnished. The restaurant food was excellent with a great breakfast buffet. Front Desk staff were extremely professional, friendly and very helpful.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>HawaiianStyle808
<Content>Good Lax hotel Very nice hotel close to LAXRoom was very clean and comfortable.Becareful of the nickel and dime expences (parking, internet, water, etc), we got a pkg with parking incl.One nice thing was an empty fridge (they will fill for you if you want) instead of a minibar.Gym was small but functional and there was a small pool area.Hotel staff was very helpful and friendly.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>TonyCardenas
<Content>Nice Hotel in a Terrible Airport we have had great experiences staying at Renaissance Hotels , mostly in Europe and when we searched for a hotel in the Los Angeles Area very close to the beach cities and high wayaccesible , that also offered a nice week end rate we came to pick the Montura hotel , we stay here for 3 nights and found a nice hotel quite impersonal quite comfortable (beds were very nice ) everythig seemed to work fine but it just felt like any first class hotel of middle age ,but still just to stay close to LAXthe rooms were very quiet even they were just by the run ways , breakfast was good every morning but they offerd the same food , swiming pool and gym were quite small and un atractive , the bar at the lobby served a very smart wine selection but the attendants were quite slow and distant .we had a very late flight out of LAX and the girl at front desk allowed us to stay till 4.00 pm (that was very nice )  
<Date>Jun 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	2	5	3	3	3	

<Author>westernfb
<Content>Great Stop-Over Hotel       Montura Flight Path - Room View  
<Date>Jun 14, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>fuhyong
<Content>Convenient place for a lay-over I stayed 1 night here on a lay-over from SIN-LAX and LAX-MOB to break up what would have been a totally unbearable journey.Transport was free by courtesy shuttle from LAX to the hotel. To catch it, you have to go out of the airport onto the curb following the signs for hotel courtesy shuttle and just wait around for the bus that flashes marriott/renaissance to pull up. It's a short 5 minutes journey from the airport to the hotel, dropping off at Marriott first.Room was large, comfortable beds with an over surplus of pillows. not that I am going to complain of course. Although I booked for a breakfast to be included in the room rates, my next day flight was too early for me to consume it at a reasonable time so the front counter was kind enough to convert it to free internet access at no extra charge.The room only comes with a shower and no tub. A shower curtain prevents you from wetting the other parts of the bathroom but doesn't stop the water from flowing outwards especially if you have it running at speed for a while.The room was very well sound proofed and although you can see planes landing about a kilometer away, you can't hear them.I spoted a burger king next to the hotel. there are restaurants on the ground but I did not avail my self to them, choosing instead to turn in early for the next day flight.Next morning was a breezy check out followed by the same easy shuttle ride to my connecting flight. It happens that the bus pulled up immediately when I got to the lobby so there was no waiting time needed at all!All in, plenty good hotel. will stay here again.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	3	3	4	

<Author>travelgrrlnyc
<Content>Great LAX Hotel       Renaissance "Lather" Products  
<Date>Jun 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TravellingTex
<Content>would definitely return We were moving from the U.S. (Texas) to Australia and wanted to overnight in Los Angeles the night before our long flight to Australia. We selected the Renaissance Montura based on price and revues, plus I'm a Marriott member. We couldn't have made a better choice. The hotel is only a few minutes from Los Angeles Airport, and provides a free shuttle. The hotel interior is beautiful, as was our room. We had dinner, and lunch the following day, in the lobby bar. The halibut we had for dinner and the duck quesadillas we had for lunch the next day were both delicious and beautifully presented. The quesadillas had a hint of banana in them - sounds funny, but it made for a wonderful taste combination. We sat around the hotel lobby from a late checkout time of 3 PM until about 7 PM when we left for the airport , reading and chatting, and thoroughly enjoying our time there. The staff and everything about the hotel was great.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>FrancisUrquhart
<Content>Heaven After A Sleepless Trans-Pacific Flight! we checked in at the Renaissance after a sleepless trans-Pacific flight from Sydney to LA. Though we arrived at 11:00 am, early check-in was no problem. Our room was really comfortable, very attractively decorated, extremely quiet, and moderately spacious. We even had a very large LCD flat panel TV. Everyone was super friendly and efficient from the moment we arrived. We forgot to ask for a portacot for our toddler; the smiling bellman arrived within two minutes. Not enough towels, another smiling bellman arrived within five minutes. The bed was incredibly comfortable and we all immediately fell into bed for 3-1/2 hours of a blissful nap after the aforementioned sleepless flight. We heard absolutely no airport noise, though my toddler daughter was delighted to be able to watch the planes come and go out of our window.The food in the cafe was excellent (though just a bit pricey) and the staff there were exceedingly kind and efficient there as well. Seeing our toddler they made sure to bring out our food quickly, which we greatly appreciated. They even brought us complimentary chocolate covered strawberries for dessert.We booked our stay through my corporate travel agent for $118 per night plus tax and would stay here again in a heartbeat. An excellent experience all around.  
<Date>May 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Vaux
<Content>Pity about the shuttle ... I used this an overnight airport hotel, arriving late evening and leaving very early in the morning so experience was limited. I just missed the shuttle leaving LAX - I saw it drive off as I exited the terminal building - and had a rather long wait for the next one. Probably about 20-25 minutes. I wish I had just taken a taxi. On arrival all was put right as I found that despite being a mere Marriott Silver card holder I had been upgraded to a suite. Loads of space, adequately furnished but in the typical Marriott style (i.e. I would not choose this for my own residence!). Great soft comfy bed though, just what I needed after a TATL flight. Triple glazing worked well to insulate the airport noise. Or at least, until the air-con switched itself on, damaged motor, sounded like a bus starting up. It was not hot so I just turned it off: I was in the wrong timezone to bother making a complaint to the front desk.I didn't bother with breakfast the next day and the shuttle back to LAX was prompt.My late late surprise was an email survey I received from the hotel after the visit, I filled it in and mentioned the air-con problem. Shall we just say that the hotel delighted me with an excellent service recovery.  
<Date>May 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>sneakyshrimp
<Content>Only a quick stay, but one of the best parts of my trip I stayed at the Renaissance for just one night, after a flight delay. My stay there was fantastic though and made up for terrible travel issues earlier in the day. I checked in late at night and the staff was very fast and friendly. The room was beautiful and very comfortable. The bed was excellent, although the towels could have been a bit shofter. Great shower and water pressure. For the price I paid ($129 including taxes) it was great. I was on the club level so a free breakfast was included. I'd definitely recommend this hotel for anyone looking for a nice, reasonably-priced hotel near the airport. The one thing to keep in mind is that the hotel shuttle doesn't run very frequently at night...if you're coming in super late (I landed after midnight) you may want to think about taking a cab for the brief ride instead of waiting forever for a shuttle to show up.  
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>RL-TX
<Content>Good stay near LAX After staying at the Sheraton Gateway LAX, I was looking for a hotel property in the LAX area but with a little less of the airport noise and a little more updated. The Rennaissance was just that.The room was great, the customer service at the front desk and at the hotel restaurant was exceptional and the food was good too. My only issue was that I couldn't get hot water out of my shower. Maybe my room was too far away - it was at the end of the hall - or maybe they took Dateline's advice and turned down the overall temp - but either way, it was a little chilly.Other than that, I will be back here again.  
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>e_stire
<Content>Worth the stay       Duck that we got in our tub  
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	5	3	

<Author>Boraxo
<Content>Good choice for LAX travelers and Hertz Nice rooms with nice furnishings. Much less noise than most of the properties on Century Blvd near LAX, and also avoids some of the traffic issues being off the main drag (but just as close to the airport). The bedding and towels were average and room service was okay. The gyms was nice too. Alas, the neighborhood isn't great so there was a little noise from the nearby police activity. But the hotel itself is safe. There is a Burger King across the street, and Hertz is walking distance - great way to avoid parking fees. On the minus side, the pool was too small, the convenience store is mediocre, and hotel failed to assign us to a Marriott elite floor.  
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>sydneysooz_family
<Content>Great for 24h stopover We wanted an airport hotel for our mid-evening arrival and departure 24 hours later.I chose this hotel for our young family (3yrs and 11months) based on the reviews and free Manhattan Beach bus and we were very happy with our stay and the exceptional service we received.We had a 15 minute wait (at 6.30pm on a Sunday night) for the shuttle pickup which was empty when we boarded at SouthWest. Checkin was easy and quiet.We had a Club room with 2 queen beds a cot/crib. It was a little tight all round but clean and pleasant enough. We got the kids into the bath straightaway, with their yelps of delight and play. As we were ordering room service (about 7.30pm) the Customer Service Manager came onto the line and very pleasantly told us that he'd had a complaint about the noise from the kids. We explained we had had them in the bath and were rushing them to bed after a bite, so it would be quiet soon (they are pretty good kids and seasoned travellers). He offered us COMPLIMENTARY cookies and milk for the kids (and our own drinks with the meal were complimentary) to entice them to bed. How many places can you go where you get complimentary drinks for a complaint against you??? Anyway it was a hit with us all.Room service dinner was good all around, my crabcakes were yummy and memorable and the kids meals were good too. We all had a good nights sleep - great blackout curtains, no noise from the airport (we were facing), comfy beds.Club Breakfast was okay and the kids were thrilled to see the low-flying planes in front of the club lounge! Snacks through the day consisted of fruit and sweets. The Club lounge is always a great place to escape from kids in a hotel room.We organised an extra 4 hours accomodation (50% rate I think to 6pm) and all headed out to Manhattan Beach - the main reason I chose the Hotel was for its proximity to the free bus (that'd I read about on Trip Advisor). DH and the kids spent the best part of the day at the beach and I spent time and money at the Manhattan Beach Mall. Concierge was very helpful with directions and what to do in Manhattan Beach.Check out and transfers were easy. We checked our emails (at a small cost) before the quick and easy transfer to the Virgin Terminal.Overall it was a really good choice for the airport area and the service was exemplary. We didn't get a ultracheap deal on the room as we would have liked at last minute (it wasn't much cheaper than the deal at the Sofitel LA), but the service more than compensated.  
<Date>May 21, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	3	4	5	5	3	

<Author>aferraro
<Content>excellent value stayed here in transit heading back to Oz. As per their website, picked up the blue bus at the airport. The room was a little larger than we expected; we were on the 8th floor over looking Burger King and the airport. There is no mini bar fridge, however there is an ice machine and soft drinks machine is on every floor. The ice is free. The room was excellent value for money, and a bus stop for the number 3 big blue bus is nearby, which goes to santa monica. The room was soundproofed, so we were not distracted by airplane noise as long as we kept the windows shut.  
<Date>May 16, 2008
<Rating>3	5	3	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>nonameAlbuquerque
<Content>nice enough, as long as you don't want to check email I attended a conference at this hotel and my significant other and I took advantage of the conference rate to spend two extra nights. I agree with other reviewers that this hotel is very, very nice. The rooms are comfortable, the lobby is handsome, and the breakfast buffet is excellent and an outstanding value. Travelers should be warned, however, that this really is an airport hotel. Every night we saw hordes of pilots and flight attendants checking in, and the property sits in the middle of a maze of highway ramps. You'd hardly know that you're less than a mile from Marina del Rey. It's designed for business travelers, not tourists.We were also puzzled by some of the small ways that this hotel nickels-and-dimes its customers. Though we booked a room for two, we were supplied with only three bath towels. Assuming this was just an oversight, on our first night we got a fourth towel from housekeeping. After our room was made up the next day, however, lo and behold! we once again had only three bath towels. We requested another, and this too disappeared after the next day's housekeeping. Evidently towel-rationing is hotel policy. Also, the glasses in the room were those nasty plastic cellophane-wrapped cups, and they gave us only two at a time--evidently you can either brush your teeth or enjoy a drink, but not both! Finally, there is no free internet access in this hotel. There's a daily charge to use the in-room wireless or ethernet, and perhaps that's not surprising, given that business travelers might spend quite a bit of time online. But we were a bit dismayed to find that the internet access in the business center was also not free--you had to enter a credit card number and pay by the minute.Even Motel 6 these days has free internet, to say nothing of four bath towels per room. What's up, Marriott?  
<Date>May 12, 2008
<Rating>2	3	4	3	5	2	4	1	

<Author>bonjonsc
<Content>Nice for an airport hotel I stayed at this property 3 nights for an in-house conference. Check-in was relatively quick and painless. I stayed in a junior suite on the third floor and was more than pleased with the room. There was not a single fault with the cleanliness of the room-- so this is the most important thing in considering this hotel! The bed was very comfortable and was dressed in nice linens and a fluffy duvet.You cannot hear a lot of airport noise, which is a plus at this type of hotel, but there were some other noises that were unidentifiable that did awake me the first night.The major problem I found with the hotel was that my room did not have truly hot water. At any time, it did not rise above tepid. In fact, one morning, I could not get it even warm enough to take a Navy-style soap-and-rinse shower. Maintenance was quick on the draw, but the problem was not fixed. It seems odd that no one else would have complained about this, but this was the only major problem for which I could fault my stay.  
<Date>May 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>Helenewe
<Content>Big disappointment I would never stay at this hotel again. We booked the club level and our first room was small that our suitcases (2 of therm) could not fit. When we changed rooms, it was larger but the air conditioner kept us up all night. It would cycle on and off all night making lous noises. We couldn't sleep.  
<Date>May 5, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>katsnme
<Content>Excellent deal in Los Angeles! I do my homework and it usually takes me a full month to search out the very best deal wherever we travel to. It was Labor Day weekend when most if not all hotels raise their rates sky high. I kept coming back to the airport area for lower rates and the Renaissance Montura LAX had the best deal going - about $95 per night! And to make it even better - the hotel honored their guarantee that if you find a cheaper price on any other travel site they will give you a lower price. I found it for less on Expedia and the room rate was lowered to about $68 per night! Now the Renaissance chain is a Marriott hotel so they have a fabulous bed which is wonderful. We got in late Friday night from San Francisco and were received with excellent hospitality, smiling faces and easy check in. We were even upgraded to a higher floor and more expensive room with a 'club' to go to for snacks, breakfast bar if wanted and a quiet place to relax with coffee or a glass of wine in the early evening. The room was clean, had a great view and flat screen t. v. which was great. Good shower and super clean bathroom! I am exceedingly fussy about a clean bathroom in hotels. The restaurant has fabulous food and wonderful breakfast. So, watch this hotel for a great price for high quality. You do have to pay for parking and internet connection daily - so remember to add that extra $27.95 in when you budget your travel plans. It is also is right at the airport with a free shuttle which is so helpful as well.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>timsonic
<Content>Great for Transit I stayed at this hotel overnight after flying in from Montreal, with a single overnight stay before flying back home to Sydney Australia. My expectations were delivered exactly after reading the reviews here. I successfully caught the free shuttle from LAX, check-in was easy...the clerk even changed my room to one a little bigger, and even gave me a late check-out as my flight next day was not until 10pm. Dinner in the bar was OK, and I was even entertained by the conversation boucing back and forth among the patrons. This is a well used hotel, and used almost exclusively for over night stays between flights. It's best to expect no more than that, but this hotel delivers a little better than most. My room only cost $99 and I was very well satisfied. Given the friendships I struck at the bar, I was sorry to leave the next day.The free shuttle back to LAX arrived as expected, although I do tend to leave for the airport very early to ensure no delays. I would stay here again for transit convenience, but it's not a hotel to stay in as a base for seeing LA.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	3	

<Author>iantess
<Content>Just Okay! My husband stayed here for one night to be close to LAX for a morning flight. We checked in and arrived in our room, which was clean and located on a higher floor. We had dinner in the bar, which service was slow but, we didn't have a lot of choise since we wer advised not to walk around the area, it was too dangerous. We expected some noise from outside the hotel due to the proximity to the airport, however we were very surprised at the internal noise. All night we heard the running water, and other noises we couldn't identify. We inquired after dinner with the concerige about checking-in at LAX and checking bags when to leave the hotel in the morning. We were advised to check-in online and bag drop at the airport with no waiting in line. We left for LAX approx. 1.5 hr prior to departure, and discovered the shuttle was delayed 15-20 minuets and the hotel began to use taxis to transport people to the airport. Upon arrival to LAX, we has to wait in line and almost missed out flight. I would not recommend this hotel due to the noise factor, and the shuttle problem.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	3	3	2	1	-1	

<Author>VicChick4
<Content>Huge room, plush bed, excellent stay My husband and I booked the Renaissance for the last night of our honeymoon, as our flight from Jamaica came in too late to book a connecting flight back to Seattle. For $99, our expectations were definitely exceeded, and we would recommend this hotel to anyone!We arrived after 11 p.m., exhausted, and were pleasantly surprised to find out we'd been upgraded to a suite. The suite was huge and shaped like a rectangle. The separate sitting area, desk and old school TV were on one end, but that area was the farther from the window so rather dark. The restroom was in the middle of the suite, along with an empty fridge (no minibar but the sign said they could stock it for you) and a big mirror, good for getting ready while the husband was in the shower the next day. The king size bed was luxurious, and we appreciated the huge flat screen TV in that area of the room. We had a view of the airport and Burger King from our 6th floor room. One odd thing, the room had one bathrobe and one bottle of water, as if it was set up for one traveller even though we'd noted there were two of us on the reservation...but no big deal.The only slight drawback was speed of service in the lounge. We went down at 11:20 p.m. for a quick bite as we hadn't eaten since 4 p.m., and it took our food (an average club sandwich) 45 minutes to come. There were maybe eight people in the lounge so I'm not sure what the problem was, but the server apologized.Overall, for the incredible value we would definitely stay here again if we have to fly in/out of LAX. One nice perk, we are Marriott Silver Elite members and they recognized us with a coupon for a free latte in the morning. This was definitely one of the nicer Marriott brand hotels we've stayed in.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>indianrediff
<Content>Expectations far exceeded! Loved it! We stayed at this hotel for 5 days (joining my wife who had already been there for 3 days). The hotel is very conveniently located for travelers, about half a mile from the airport. It includes free transportation from/to the airport to/from the hotel. Be prepared to pay for parking - about $10 per day. The valet parking is definitely not worth it - unless you like to be pampered. I didn't even check the price.The location of the hotel was surprisingly good. The airport's proximity had to be seen to be believed - the planes could not be heard at all. The check-in process was smooth. We had arrived by a late night flight that turned into a very early morning flight - around 2 AM. The staff were courteous, helped get the luggage to our room and we settled in.The room itself was spacious. It was *not* the suite and yet we could place a rollaway bed in the room and have space left for walking around. The rollaway beds were nice too - not the folfing variety, but a stand-on-end variety that meant that the mattress was no too soft or springy. The bed itself (important for people with delicate backs) was not the best. I have slept on better beds. The bed (King size) was too springy. I would (almost) gladly have slept on the floor. The rooms were surprisingly well sound proofed.My wife liked the 2nd floor exercise space - I myself worked out in the room itself (5BX requires surprisingly less space - look it up on Wikipedia), and my kids liked the swimming pool which they used once and even then it was too cold.On the whole, we had a great time and liked the hotel as a place to access the best things in LA.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>moon-mouse
<Content>Loved the Renaissance! WOW, what a hotel. When we made this reservations we figured that an airport hotel would be noisy and dirty... this was neither! This hotel was far enough away from the airport that you didn't realize you were next to it.The room was fantastic! What a bed! Bathroom was clean and bath products were lovely. Coffee in the room, no breakfast included.On-site restaruant was expensive, but the food was good.Concierge give us a great recommendation for breakfast in Manhattan Beach called ??Front desk staff needs a lot of work. I called to arrange an early check in prior to noon and they were nasty about it being a first come first serve basis. When I called to cancel the request due to a snow storm, the reiterated that there was no request made and it was first come, first served anyway.Parking - be prepared to pay $20 to park!If this is what all Marriott Renaissance are like, we would stay at more! This is a luxury airport hotel!  
<Date>Mar 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	2	-1	-1	

<Author>ray_yuen
<Content>Beautiful Hotel       Everything looks new  
<Date>Feb 27, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>jbbryan04
<Content>best lax hotel This hotel was very surprising. I've stayed at other hotels in the area for a next day, early morning flight, but this was the best. The room was beautiful, lobby was very inviting. But most surprising, the food at the restaurant was the best food we had during our entire L.A. stay! Turns out that the restaurant actually holds very high ranking among all restaurants in L.A.! Beautiful presentation of the food and an interesting menu. I just wish that we had dressed up a bit more as this was not the typical hotel restaurant dining room. Finally, in response to the other reviews, we had no problems with the hotel shuttle getting us to the airport in the morning, but clearly it is still a problem as the front desk clerk was very aware of the issue when we inquired as to the status. (She recommends phoning the hotel when you get to the pick up location to make the driver aware that you are waiting).  
<Date>Feb 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ChaunceyGardiner
<Content>Still one of only two LAX hotels for me! I鈥檝e had a couple of stays here, and the Montura continues to delight.Rooms sparkle, with Marriott Revive bedding. Toiletries are by Lather. High speed internet is at 100meg, although I had a couple of signal drops that were irritating on this visit.Front desk upgraded me to Club Floor (Silver Marriott status), which I was pleased with. When I got to the lounge (around 8:00p) most of the hot food was gone, but I had a couple of serviceable Buffalo wings and a glass of nice wine. Wine in the lounge is priced similarly to the restaurant at $8 to 12 per glass.I ate dinner in the restaurant, which was unusually busy. Service suffered a bit from slowness (it was a Saturday night), but the food was as good as always. The menu seems to have slimmed down a bit鈥?br/>Breakfast in the lounge was nice. Plenty of breads and fruits, hot egg somethingorothers. Coffee available in go cups. There was a free access PC in the lounge for printing boarding passes.Lounge hint: They put out room temperature bottled water on the counter, but if you ask, they can produce well chilled sparkling water!When I transit LAX (usually en route to Asia) I only have my travel agent check the Montura and the Westin. This time, I got a $119 rate, so was really pleased. Plus, it may be the only airport hotel in the world with a substantive collection of artwork, nicely placed around the lobby and the building鈥?you don鈥檛 find that at the LAX Marriott!I鈥檒l be back!  
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>5*fan
<Content>The bedbugs enjoyed their stay more than we did We decided to break up a trip with a stay in LA following an overnight flight. While we appreciated the ability to get into our room when we arrived at the hotel, once we woke from our nap, we found that bedbugs were also guests in our room. When we notified the staff, the manager informed us that the Marriott Rewards points used for our stay would be recredited to our account. He also assured us that the exterminator would be called to rectify the situation. Since we have yet to receive our point credit (it has now been 2 months), I can only assume that the bedbugs are still feasting on weary Renaissance guests.  
<Date>Feb 10, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	1	3	3	-1	

<Author>am-ls
<Content>Very nice near LAX       Room_3  
<Date>Jan 25, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>BernieMaggie
<Content>exceptional one night stay I was booked at a compeitor's hotel a block away, but ran into quite a few problems there. I called the Renaissance, and they had just what we needed. Having stayed, and enjoyed, the Renaissance Montura before, I should have not chanced another hotel, but I thought the competitor would be better for my family. I was wrong.The reservations agent was very helpful, and the front desk staff, concierge, and bell staff couldn't have been more accomodating.We were given an upgrade to concierge level, which had a very nice selection of hors d'oeuvres in the evening and breakfast items.The lobby and bar area is bright, cheery, and inviting, Just what was needed after a long flight across the country.Rooms were clean and inviting, with flat panel TVs and very comfortable beds.The food (we ordered room service, and it arrived very hot in a nice warming unit) was very, very good. The menu is quite extensive, something for everyone.If you are flying in or out of LAX, I would recommend this hotel highly. It would be our first, and only, choice if we were to need accomodations in the LAX area again.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ynguy
<Content>Great airport hotel Over the years it has almost become tradition to stay one night at the start and end of a trip at this excellent property. It is quite amazing really that this hotel has been very consistent in service and quality for donkey's years.I never ever had problems at this property. Staff always nice and helpful, high housekeeping standards, pretty good food quality. I suppose they could start on updating rooms and give it that modern design Renaissance touch but having said that I am still pretty happy with the rooms.It also helps that this inn does not feel that much like a airport hotel. Yes I said airport location apparently some reviewers expect it also to be close to tourist locations (???).Parking is the usual LA rates but one can circumvent this by parking on the street as long as one is aware of street sweeping days. Saved me $ 18.40 including tax.I certainly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>R.ching
<Content>Great Airport accomodations Just got back from a three night stay at this hotel. The room was spacious, quiet and easily accessible. The staff is great! Should be able to book for about $100 a nite. This does not include parking which is an additional $17 per day.Beware of the free airport shuttle. It's not a problem leaving the hotel to get back to the airport, if you try and catch it when you first arrive they sometimes get crowded and will pass you. I arrived at the United Airlines arrival area and two shuttles to the hotel passed me because they were full. Ended up catching a cab. Evidently United is at the end of the run.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>charlylover
<Content>very nice hotel nice hotel, nice decoration,good service,expensive parking,above average hotel, yes i will go back on my next trip,good transportation service to the airport, and very good rate $99 dlls.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>Brklynrider
<Content>Renaissance LAX = Nice I recently stayed at this hotel on a return trip to Los Angeles. I needed to stay near LAX for a quick overnight trip. In October I stayed at the nearby Marriott LAX which was very expensive and they didn't have their act together. This hotel, on the other hand, is very nice and much cheaper too. It also seemed much more relaxed and less convention like. The lobby wasn't noisy or too busy. The restaurant had a well above average wine list - much to my surprise. The hotel is a little gem at LAX. My stay was over a Friday night so I had a $99 (the Marriott was $119) weekend rate which is very reasonable price. The room was very spacious and had a large bathroom and the new-Marriott beds. The room also offered a Ipod radio as well as cd player, plus free bottles of water. Very nice touch. Being a Marriott Rewards member I was granted access to the concierge lounge which, I must say, was fantastic. This place offered well above the average appetizers including poached salmon, various cheeses, meatballs, etc. The hotel also has a cute-little gift shop and great gym (also outdoor pool if you have the time). I was on the 5:30 am airport shuttle and the shuttle (which also picks up people at the Marriott) was right on time and was a short 10 minute ride to my airline at LAX. This hotel is very nice an I highly recommend it if you need to stay near LAX airport.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>BanaPona
<Content>Good for overnight layover       room - chair/desk area  
<Date>Dec 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>kkb77
<Content>Poor service, terrible location Well, The Renaissance Montura was our last stop on or honeymoon this summer. We had booked the hotel through a friend and had choose amongst five different Marriott hotels. Based on the reviews at tripadvisor, we chose Renaissance Montura.We shouldn't have done that. We had planned to drive around in Los Angeles but due to the humungous cost of rentning a car - which really surprised us - the amount that was stated on the web site of the rental car company was more than doubled when we actually got to the rental company - and for a European who is not used to driving in 10 or 12 lane freeways the traffic was terrible. We ended up returning the rented car and got by using taxis and the metro railway instead. To get to - for instance Universal Studios - you had to take the tranist bus to LAX, then take the LAX transit bus to the metro to the green line. Take the green line and change for the red line all in all making it a two and a half hour trip to get from the hotel to Universal with public transportation. Be advised that the red line runs through South Central and Watts - and it is NOT a pretty neighborhood.Now it comes down to location. The hotel is located far, far away from the attractive parts of LA. There is a Burger King right next to the hotel but that's about it when it comes to eating opportunities. When it comes to the hotel a lot of problems occured. First of all, our room wasn't really prepared for us. Half a bottle of bottled water left from the last occupant of the room were still in the room when we arrived. It took five - 5 - days for the maid to remove it, though we told the reception about a lot of times. The windows were all greased up as if a small child had been playing there. The pool is nothing special.The biggest problem though was the personal which was rather rude. One of the employees asked us to show ID before we could enter the elevator at one occassion and we were dressed rather nicely. A tv repairman which had to fine tune are flat screen tv after they changed the television set didn't speak a word of English and couldn't fix the tv.For at four star hotel there were far to many problems at the Renaissance Montura.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	1	2	2	2	-1	

<Author>Roadboy
<Content>A superb deal for LAX Just a one-night stay, but we were very impressed with the all-round quality of this airport hotel. Despite a bargain rate, we were given a junior suite - which had had a stylish recent makeover. And the restaurant, although rather lacking in atmosphere on a Saturday night, served up remarkably good, innovative food.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>GlobeTrotterColorado
<Content>Nice stay in the City of Angels My sis and I stayed here 3 nights for a long weekend, returning home yesterday. After doing much research, I chose the package with this hotel because I liked the fact it was close to the airport.We had no problems! Some of the reviews were horrible, and we were a little freaked. But I think those reviews really boiled down to the fact that some people like to complain about everything. Sure, the bathroom sinks and showers are a little worn around the drains. Big deal! Water runs there on a regular basis. Our room was clean and comfortable. Housekeeping left plenty of towels everyday (more than we could use), obviously cleaned the shower everyday (our bottles were always moved), and even folded the facial tissue into a rose every time they came to service the room. The large flat-screen TVs, updated carpeting, and tasteful furniture did not even hint at what some people referred to as a 鈥渄ated鈥?hotel. The bar/restaurant staff was excellent both nights we were there鈥攅fficient and very friendly. The $15 steak sandwich was gross and left a lot to be desired but that was the only negative. Even though the valet is contracted out, the staff was friendly there as well. We were in town for a writing workshop, but still drove all around Melrose, Santa Monica, Sunset, Hollywood, Wilshire, etc. The complaints that the hotel wasn鈥檛 close to anything didn鈥檛 seem to affect us either, as most places we went were no more than 20 minutes away (assuming there wasn鈥檛 a great deal of traffic). I鈥檝e traveled all over the world, staying in 5 star resorts where the service is impeccable so I have high standards. I have no complaints about the Renaissance Montura鈥攎uch nicer than I would expect for an airport hotel.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	3	4	3	

<Author>yrtx4e
<Content>Deserved my return I had to have meeting near LAX. After reading the reviews and client suggestions. I booked into the club level room for two nights end of Nov. A reception staff named Kia almost spoiled my trust in the Marriott group which I used to stay throughout my travel in Asia , Europe and N. America. This female staff had a lot of screw-ups when I called directly to the hotel to made changes to my online reservation. She was extremely impatient and caused me time by calling the LA regional reservation center to reconfirm the wrong info she told me.the system. To my surprise, she misled my niece that the rateI booked was not on Club level and wasn't entitled to club lounge facilities when My niece checked in- who arrived one day earlier than I did.. I went to meeting right after I arrived at LAX from an international flight. I didn't return to the hotel late after 9pm to get to enquire about the discrepancy against my reservations. I was delighted the Renaissance Montura has a capable Front Desdk Manger - Peter Choi. Mr Choi upon checking on my reservation and instantly offered apology to the mishandling of my reservation. He made adjustment to the room rate for the first night which my niece didn't have the club level facilities. He rectified our key card to ensure we had the club level facilities even we were not on the club level which I was still willing to pay for the club room rate instead of moving. I was impressed with the professionalism of Mr. Choi.Apart from this flaw, the rest of the hotel staff are hospital and helpful. The hotel shuttle runs aroiund LAX every 15-20 mins. witha friendly bux driver. The hotel is closed to car rental base, and the shuttle stop to Manhattan Beach Mall which is the closest quality mall in the area. Four Point Sheraton is right next door, Don't drive into the wrong hotel =)Some review commented the hotel is dated. I was apparently not in a recently reburbished room. But it was spacious, clean and well maintained. The lobby is not as dated as some reviews. However, the lobby physical setting is a bit unorthodox, the reception desk in in the far left corner, with a lounge area right at the entrance. For an Airport hotel, one can't expect a granduer spacious lobby with marble columns, it is still above average.I will return for the genunine Marriott hospitality extended by the Duty Front Desk Manager- Mr P. Choi.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	2	4	4	

<Author>DonDonna20
<Content>Enjoyable stay at the Renaissance We stayed at the Renassaince Montura LAX for 2 nights enroute from London to NZ. We had a uniformly positive experience through out our stay, and I would recommend this property to others who have a similar length stopover in the LA area particularly between long haul flights.I can only imagine that some of the negative reviews of this hotel were down to one off poor circumstances ie: particular room defects, however comments on the the lobby and rooms being run down certainly in our experience of this hotel thankfully proved untrue.The shuttle bus runs 15 min intervals from LAX to hotel (light blue van with screen on side saying Renaissance  Marriot) located just outside baggage claim under a sign that says Hotel Transfers. It is only 5 mins to hotel which after a lengthy flight  wait at customs is divine!The lobby area is modern and classy, check in was a breeze and staff were friendly and accommodating from the concierge, porter to domestic staff.Our room was better than we anticipated, with a huge comfy bed, large flat screen TV, nice bathroom amenities (even quality miniature bath products). Our room looked out over LAX whose proximity initially worried me with noise, however we didnt hear a thing!A check out time of 1 pm was handy too as our flight was later that day - express check out via the TV system was easy  saved time.Burger King is located accross the road - and judging by the foot traffic I would say that it does a lot of patronage from Renaissance guests ! ha! Okay so it is located in LAX and away from major attractions, but LA itself is a sprawling area, so you are never going to stay in one place that has everything. It is close to Santa Monica - the bus transit centre is a 5 minute walk (75 cents to Santa Monica  $1.25 to downtown LA via bus). And if you want to venture further many of the tours available pick up from the LAX area.If you are perplexed with accommodation options in LA, and are coming off a long haul flight and want just a taste of LA, and to stay in a clean, reliable and fairly modern hotel then I would recommend this property.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Livin'in'America!
<Content>Montura Madness..........       What is that smell?....I refuse to stay in a vomit room!  
<Date>Nov 26, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Chinagirl
<Content>That 70's Hotel After reading the reviews for this hotel, I happily reserved one night before we travelled to San Diego from Thailand. Upon entering the hotel, I knew that I would be disappointed. It was so old fashioned and tired as one reviewer pointed out. The lobby, lobby bar and restaurant was something from the 80s or perhaps 70s! I knew that the room itself wouldn't give any surprises... and I was right. How this hotel EVER got to no. 1 position for LAX is completely beyond me. It just goes to show that you really cannot trust everything you read on Tripadvisor. Everyone has different standards and after living in Asia for many years, you really come to expect a certain standard and this hotel does not deserve no. 1 spot in my opinion. I also noticed that the Thai Air staff also reside at this hotel during there stopovers... I feel sorry for them! One thing I have to add at this point is that the staff are really really nice and friendly and this review is not based on them at all. The entire hotel needs basically knocking down and starting again. Too tired, too old, too musty and TOO expensive. I would never ever stay here again even if they offered me a room for free.....  
<Date>Nov 19, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>travelprotectors
<Content>Exceeded expectations Exceeded expectations. Unless this was a fluke, everything went incredibly smoothly from catching the complimentary shuttle bus to a personal welcome greeting from the hotel manager as I entered the lobby. Check-in staff eagerly anticipated my approach way before I made my way to the counter AND made sure I knew exactly where I could find the elevators.Plus, if you are here on business, nothing beat the $9.95 (from noon to noon UNLIMITED HIGH SPEED INTERNET ACCESS, WITH FREE LOCAL AND LONG DISTANCE CALLING! I could sit at the desk with my lap top, check emails and make/return phone calls from the same desk with no worries about cell phone issues. It was a sheer delight.I would definitely consider this hotel again when I return to LAX.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>willis2005
<Content>I thought it was great and will be staying there again! I was reading the last review on this hotel and I didn't agree at all. That is why I am writing this review. First of all, I am an experienced traveler and have stayed in many different places.My friend and I stayed here last December as an after Christmas getaway. I booked it on the Marriott website since I am a Marriott Points Member. I DID NOT find the property tired at all. Our room was gorgeous. Maybe we got a newly remodeled room but the lobby area was beautiful as well. Is it in a great location to L.A beside wanting to be near LAX? No, of course not. It is an Airport Hotel. The pool is okay and the exercise room was actually pretty nice. Please keep in mind this is an AIRPORT Hotel. However, it is very close to Santa Monica and Marina Del Rey where we went to dinner both nights. I loved it and will be going back again next month. I used to be an LA resident for 4 years and would highly recommend this hotel but if you know nothing about L.A it isn't near Disneyland or Universal Studios. If you want to be close to Disney, you need to stay in Anaheim and If you want to be near Universal you will have to stay in the Valley some where. You are out closer to the beach areas with this Hotel.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	4	4	3	

<Author>JP3CHICAGO
<Content>Great airport location, tired property I recently stayed here for a two night business trip as I needed close proximity to LAX. The hotel proximity to LAX is great. The facility is an older property that has lost some of it's shine. Our room was clean, comfortable, and quiet. Both the housekeepong and front desk staffs were efficent. While we found it to be a decent place to stay for a short trip, I would not recomend it as a base to explore the LA area. The pool area is dismal at best. Use it for business and early morning flights.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	3	4	

<Author>trvlerjenn
<Content>Great Hotel I booked through Priceline and got this hotel for $100 per night. What a steal! I found the staff to be incredibly helpfull. The day I arrived I wanted to send a box back home and the concierge came up with a box and tape and got me to the post office. The food was excellent (albeit pricey, but hey, it's an airport hotel). The beds were oh-so-comfortable. One thing I didn't like was the lack of a shuttle to area attractions. It was advertised in the hotel guest book (the one your room), but when I tried to get to Venice Beach I was told there was no shuttle and a taxi or city bus were my only options. Also, the internet was $9.99 per day, which I think is too high. For the most part this hotel is a great deal.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	5	3	

<Author>KlondikeMike
<Content>Wife Loved It Moved from LA to Alaska, had to go back and work on our home while it was being rented. My wonderful wife didn鈥檛 like that I picked the hotel (off the internet!!!!!), since she lived in LA for 20 years, but I used Alaska Airlines hotel reservation service and paid in advance. We checked in and she was surprised how nice the hotel was inside, outside was ok. Well, I never write reviews, a waste of time, but this hotel was great. We stayed on the club level, had continental breakfast and evening h'orderves at the concierges lounge. While walking by the maids we noticed, a of couple times, that they were scrubbing down the tile walls of the shower and taking out the down comforters and replacing them, these rooms were clean. All in all, my 5-star hotel loving wife really liked this place and for only $99.93 per night not including tax. As the governator says, We will baaaack.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Hove-UK-Traveller
<Content>Good quality LAX hotel We stayed at the hotel for one night on July 28th. The transfer bus from the airport was punctual.On arrival the reception desk member of staff was very friendly and told me they'd honoured my request for a high floor room. Very unusual that hotels even notice a request on an internet booking.I had booked the club lounge rate which provided us with snacks and breakfast. Breakfast was nice with a good view of the landing aircraft!Hotel is conveniently located for car rental compounds. We rented from Avis which is within walking distance.The pool and sauna were also good. Having stayed at the Hilton  Howard Johnson at LAX this is definitely the nicest and best value.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>al77059
<Content>Consistent Quality, Complimentary Upgrade to Club Level I stayed here for one night after my flight plans were changed. I've stayed here a couple of times before and each time the facilities have been excellent. I was even upgraded for free to the club level due to my flight change as well as my marriott rewards elite privileges.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>joelaws
<Content>Terrible Don't stay here. Staff totally disinterested. Room shabby - light bulbs broken, power points hanging off wall. Room service got order wrong twice, and both times when told of error failed to deliver missing order. Almost impossible to rouse staff on the phone. Cold shower. Shabby bathroom. Airconditioning noisiest I have ever encountered. Stay away.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	5	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>errthgrrl
<Content>Do Not Stay Here I made reservations, but never received the promised confirmation email. I called a week later to confirm and still did not receive an email - though I requested one. I arrived and sure enough, they could not find my reservation. The staff and managers were rude, and uninterested in my predicament. I was offered a rate twice the price of my original reservation. After giving my Confirmation and Membership number they found my reservation - at another Marriott property! I was treated as if I had done something wrong.Parking was over $30. There was no hot water for the shower. I received multiple bug bites as I slept. The a/c unit was loud and abrupt and disruptive during the night.Nice bedding doesn't make up for a miserable experience and a $250 rate.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2007
<Rating>1	1	4	5	3	1	3	-1	

<Author>wallace9422
<Content>Impressive Hotel - Slow Shuttle Service My wife and I stayed at this hotel for one evening during a recent trip to the area. We stayed the night here as we had an early flight out the next morning and wanted a place close to LAX.The Pro's:This is a very impressive hotel, especially for being in the LAX area. The lobby is very modern and impressive and the rooms were very nice (flat screen TV's, large size, etc). If I had to stay in the LAX area, I would chose this hotel.The Con's:My only negative experience (which is why I gave the hotel 4 stars instead of 5) was with the shuttle service. We dropped our rental car off in the evening and took the Hertz shuttle back to the airport. We previously confirmed with the hotel their shuttle ran the airport route every 15-20 minutes. After 30 minutes, no shuttle. We called the hotel and the front desk insisted the shuttle ran every 15-20 minutes. After about 45 minutes standing by the curb waiting, the shuttle arrived. We were to the hotel in 5 minutes, but the wait at the airport dampened the moment. To give their credit, our wait in the morning to the airport was only about 10 minutes.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Martin35
<Content>King Bed for family of four??? First of all, let me say that we had no complaints with the hotel except for the fact that we were given a king bed for a family of four!!!!! I followed all the instructions perfectly to assure our needs would be met. I booked the hotel online and although I stated 2 adults  2 children (ages 14  17) the online confirmation read: 1 room king or 2 queens. It also said that I was to call 2 days in advance if we were arriving late. I called the hotel directly 2 days in advance and advised that our flight was scheduled in at 10 pm and so we would be late arrivals. At that time I said we were a family of four with 2 teenage daughters and would need 2 queen beds. I was told no problem, that information would be noted on our reservation. After a long day of travel across country and arriving at the hotel (close to 2 am on our body clocks) we were checked in and sent up to our room. Mind you, we were all standing at the check-in desk and my 17 year old daughter is 5'11'' and my husband 6'1. We got up to our room with all our luggage to find one king size bed. We dragged all our luggage back downstairs and the clerk went to get her manager who explained that legally thay did not have to honor our request for two beds and that was the last room in the hotel. A childsize cot was put in the small room which meant we couldn't even walk around to get ready in the morning and that was that. Won't be staying there again!!!!  
<Date>Aug 25, 2007
<Rating>2	4	1	4	4	2	-1	-1	

<Author>agbest
<Content>Excellent Stay My family stayed at the Montura on the last night of our Los Angeles vacation primarily so we could quickly get to the airport the next day. Overall, our stay was excellent. For only $99, we were upgraded to a suite which was large, well decorated, immaculate, and very comfortable. In hindsight, I'm sorry we didn't stay at this hotel longer. I highly recommend this property for anyone traveling to LA.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>RobertFlorida
<Content>Excellent overnight stop in LA We needed to overnight at a hotel near LAX on the way back to Florida from a lengthy stay in Australia and New Zealand. We booked the Renaissance Montura on the basis of its location (convenient to LAX by free shuttle) good price and favorable reviews. We were not disappointed. We arrived in early afternoon after a 10 hour overnight flight and were checked in in no more than 30 seconds. After an afternoon nap and swim, we had a light meal in the restaurant where the service was friendly and efficient. The room was clean and the elevator service speedy, even though the hotel was full.I would definitely stay here again. The Renaissance Montura provided a hassle free experience which was just what we needed after an exhausting overnight flight.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>dumpling68
<Content>Renaissance really DOES = "Excellance" Just piggy-backing on the review that convinced US to stay here (Renaissance = Excellance). :)I never think too highly of airport hotels for some reason, but this one was killer (in a good way).Awesome experiences in chronological order:1. Registration/check-in quick  easy.2. Lobby is elegant  comfortable.3. Room is simple, but nice.4. Flatscreen TV is winner.5. Room service delivery was professional  nice.6. Food from room service was surprisingly delicious - specifically the steak fajitas, steak sandwich, veggie sandwich, portabella basil chicken flatbread.7. Breakfast buffet was tasty  had a good variety of food. (Chocolate pancakes anyone?)8. Check-out  room close-out straightforward  fast.In conclusion, stay here.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>us1087
<Content>Great Place The Renaissance LAX was a fantastic hotel. I arrived early from the East coast and requested early checking. The hotel staff was more than accomidating in helping me with this request. I found the property to be urban chic with great artwork, decor, photos, and lighting. The bed was great and the room was quite clean. I do get a bit annoyed with paying $17 for parking when most of the airport lots in the area have lower daily rates. They really ought to lower the rate for a guest. I ordered room service one morning and found the food to be delivered hot and fast. The menu was good for all diets and had a nice selection. Overall I found this place to be a fine choice for your airport hotel needs. It's also great for early morning departures from LAX. Give the place a try, you will not be disappointed. It's usually a few bucks cheaper than the Marriott that is a quarter mile down the road on Century Blvd.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	3	5	3	

<Author>love2travelCO
<Content>Loved it, VERY NICE! This hotel is VERY nice. The staff were all friendly and very helpful. Our room was decorated beautifully. The beds were absolutely the best, extremely comfortable. We never once heard the airplanes, despite the 3 minute drive to the airport. The only thing we did not like, was during the weekdays, when the business people would leave thier rooms, we could hear them in the hallways and slamming their doors. Parking was a bit expensive $18/day. The location was great, close to the 405 and near gas stations, rental cars and shopping. We will definately return, especially because the room price was so reasonable.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>trio77
<Content>Top notch hotel Beautifully renovated hotel. Our rooms were very clean and the beds were so plush. Nice touches such as a rubber duckie in the shower, a rain showerhead and a curved shower curtain rod offering more shower room. Our room had a large flat screen TV and an iPod docking station. Very quiet in spite of being close to airport. The club level offered a nice continental breakfast, happy hour appetizers and an evening dessert. Roomy and light filled fitness center with 4 treadmills, a bike or two, an elliptical and separate weight room. The only feature missing from this hotel would be an on-site spa center offering massages, pedicures and facials.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	4	4	4	2	

<Author>vbug
<Content>Close to Airport Since we were arriving late in the evening from Reno, Nevada, thought it would be good to stay close to the airport to have a good nights rest. Found this hotel from trip advisors reviews. We did have some problems due to the a/c not working, though it was beyond the hotels control. After we arrived at 9:30PM, we caught the Marriott hotel shuttle to the hotel. It was crowded, so had to stand for the ride. The driver was very nice, but didn't understand English very well. We got out at the wrong Marriott hotel, but a passenger informed us that we weren't at the correct hotel, so hopped back on.Check in was a breeze, however they did not have a roll away bed as requested, but gave us an aero bed instead. It was great substitute. They gave us a high floor, as well as 2 full size beds which were requested. The problem was that the air conditioning was not working in the rooms so it was very difficult to sleep with the windows open and the planes taking off. At check out, I told them that we didn't have a very good night. They were apologetic, and when I asked for some sort of compensation, they gave a discount on the room, so we were appeased.The room was small, but efficient. The beds were very comfortable, and room was clean.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2007
<Rating>4	2	4	4	4	4	-1	-1	

<Author>Sunshine956
<Content>Renaissance = Excellance !! After a long search on the TripAdvisor website I chose the Renaissance Montura for an overnight stay at the beginning and end of my trip to Hawaii in June 2007. It was a perfect choice. The hotel is close to LAX and provides a free shuttle to and from the airport. The shuttle runs every 15 minutes and the valet offers free coffee while you wait. The room was very clean and the beds were heavenly. Fluffy comforters and many pillows on top of a wonderful pillowtop matress. Very soundproof. You forget you are a half mile from LAX. The entire staff was very friendly and courteous. Excellent breakfast. You could order from the menu or enjoy their fabulous buffet that included made to order omelets. Awesome service in the restaurant by the staff. I highly recomment this hotel.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>UMD_Grad_Student
<Content>Superclose to LAX, but not noisy!! We found this hotel after immediately checking out of the Santa Monica Doubletree due to dissatisfaction. The Renaissance was much nicer, and less than half the price!Rooms were above average and included a refrigerator. Front desk staff recommended a good Mexican restaurant (Cozumel's) and was very efficient. Would absolutely stay here again if we needed to stay around LAX (5 mins to airport). Surprisingly, we were watching planes land all night and no one was awakened by the noise (windows must be extra-soundproof because we couldn't hear a thing!). Head south on Hwy 1 about 5 miles for great shopping, dining, and groceries (Whole Foods).  
<Date>Jul 8, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	3	

<Author>a12548
<Content>Best Option for airport stopover Having an overnight stay from my long flight to Hong Kong, I always try to be careful where I stay when near LAX. For most part the hotels there are sub-par. Since I got a great special rate ($110) and read some good reviews here, I booked one night. The shuttle was excellent, coming every 15 minutes to LAX. The ride is only 10 minutes, check-in staff was really polite and helpful. The room was really nice, beds were excellent. My only problem was the decorative pillow had mysterious brown/ashy looking globs on it. Apparently they arent changed between guest stays. The video check out didnt work but was no big deal. The restaurant had some great food, try the Onion soup at night its a masterpiece. The shuttle back was flawless, the drivers lugged the luggage on board without disgusted looks. The staff seems like a good bunch. 5 stars but I subtract a star for the pillow globs. Id stay there again.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	3	5	5	4	

<Author>chuggins68
<Content>Ok stay I stayed here for one night as I had an early flight the next morning and needed something close to the airport. This property was disappointing for the 4.5 rating it earned on this site. Room 752 was a surprisingly small king room (maybe 3-4 ft between the end of the bed and the entrance door), hairs in the tub and the complimentary shampoo was missing (I had to call housekeeping to get some--the person to whom I spoke seemed bothered that I had called). This maybe ok for a short layover but I do not recommend it for the business traveler or family of 5. As a former hotel G.M. and frequent traveler I expected more out of a 4-star Renaissance. The Hampton Inn in Cypress, CA, was less expensive, much cleaner, more spacious, more accomodating (free wireless and breakfast), and the staff seemed more genuinely interested in making sure my stay was satisfying.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2007
<Rating>3	1	2	4	2	3	1	2	

<Author>CANADIAN2006
<Content>"Great Hotel For Everyone" Stayed one night based on the Trip Advisor Reviews. Was not dissapointed. Great service and very close to the airport. Ask the conceirge for a list of nearby restaurants...they gave us a name of an Italian place that was one of the best we have eaten at!  
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Pullman1
<Content>It's the people In my experience, this is the best of the LAX hotels. Everything works. The building, which looks non-descript from the outside, is elegant within, with a handsome marble and art-filled lobby, speedy elevators, and recently renovated (though relatively small) rooms. The lounge is an inviting place to eat and drink a glass of excellent wine; it's large enough to afford privacy, if that's what you wish, but also arranged to make it easy to watch sports on the big-screen TV. My AAA rate provided a club-level room, plus free valet parking, and was actually cheaper than the regular rate at some of the other airport hotels. The club level here is a real pleasure, with good complimentary food at breakfast and in the evening. What really makes this hotel special, however, is its people. Absolutely everyone -- at the door, the front desk, in the lounge, the club room, and at the concierge's desk -- was welcoming, helpful, and very competent. It's a real pleasure to deal with such positive people. I'd return for this reason above all.This is not a luxury hotel, the art work notwithstanding, and the view from the rooms is primarily one of airport parking lots. So I would not recommend the hotel to someone principally interested in vacationing. But whenever I need to stay near the airport in LA, this is my choice.  
<Date>May 18, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>cchambers97
<Content>Excellent choice This was a last minute booking after I had just arrived into LAX, it was an overall excellent choice of a hotel. The location is great it near car rental (beware the parking per day is approx. 18usd); the hotel offers a complimentary shuttle. Although, I didnt dine in at the hotel there is a restaurant and a Burger King directly across the street. The bed slept very comfortable so at that rate I have no major complaints. No leaks,runs, or anything out of the ordinary. I have to say I was pleased and will probably stay there again.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Eric_Beylon
<Content>Perfect for a LAX stopover Stayed there for one night when connecting at LAX (Marc 31 st to April 1st 2007).Efficient and fast shuttle service from and to airport. Quick check-in and check-out. Comfortable room. Very good breakfast buffet. Good value for money. Only downside is pool (very small and located in an unpleasant courtyard).Eric Beylon  
<Date>Apr 19, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	-1	-1	

<Author>AilsaDelgadoMD
<Content>excellent food,problems with room temp I stayed at Montura Renaissance for a professional meeting during a week-end (April 12-16, 2007). All ran really smooth, having a super cordial check-in process from a guy just transfered from a Marriott hotel in NY. Hotel room big enough for 1 guest, really comfortable bed...but, problems with the room temp adjustment, made me call front desk for a table heater, since it was pretty cold in , as it was out, since I came from Puerto Rico not too used to those temps. The hair dryer in the bathroom was not working, but I did not reported anyway. Another thing was that I had found in other web sites better deals for the same nights, having us a special corporate rate, it was not really a special rate, it appears as the regular offered rates for these sites. Well I got 2 free nights -of 4- using my Marriott Rewards Points, so it was not that bad..... Food in the hotel and during meetings was excellent, international menus done really great , and the breakfast buffet excelent also, waiters super cordial people and 'bilingual', a lot of them speak Spanish. Bad that room serv after midnight was limited to certain menu -soups  salads-. Overall will stay again if I have too, but far from everything, just 5 min from LAX...............  
<Date>Apr 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	2	3	5	2	4	

<Author>Caniac
<Content>Elegant oasis by a busy airport We spent a night here prior to a flight to Hawaii on March 18th. I read the reviews at Tripadvisor and compared it to other nearby hotels. We are Marriott Rewards members and this hotel, based on reviews at this website, sounded perfect for us. After collecting our bags, we picked up the free Marriott shuttle outside baggage claim. The hotel is the 2nd stop on the route....about 2 blocks from LAX and a block from the Marriott LAX, which does not have the same charm as this hotel.The hotel feels intimate, elegant and very clean. It is nicer than the other Marriott nearby.The staff was very accomodating. I asked for a room on an upper floor, facing the runway and got it. The bed was amazing....lots of pillows and crisp white linens...nicely appointed bathroom too. We had a wonderful meal in the diningroom and then sat in the roof top jacuzzi on the 2nd level and watched the planes overhead.. It was a very nice little rooftop garden with pool as well, and fitness center. the breakfast buffet was also very nice. i did go across the street to the Burger King once to get something for my husband but i do not recommend it. It was smokey and did not feel clean. there were alot of people there who seemed a little rough. Even though the hotel is upscale, it is surrounded by rental car parking lots and an industrtial area. I still recommend this hotel to anyone waiting for a connection. It is really a great place to rest. Just don't venture out on the sidewalk at night. One great thing we saw...the landing of the new Airbus which came in from France. Lots of media and police escort. It was quite a sight to see it land from our hotel window. By the way, the hotel is completely soundproof.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Cookswoman
<Content>Should not be top rated! I accompanied my husband for an over night mid-week business trip and was disappointed because it has such a high Trip Advisor rating. While the public areas are tastfully decorated and spacious, the room was quite small and you could hear conversations and tv from adjoining rooms. The bathroom floor was dirty and the floor safe was difficult to reach and impossible to read the instructions. We ate twice in the resturant...$6 for coffee and poor service at breakfast, better at lunch. All in all, I expect more from Marriott.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	5	2	5	3	3	

<Author>crestlinecode
<Content>Class A+ all the way. My credentials: Have collection of 100+ different hotel soaps with wide ranging qualities.My stays: Longest here was 3 consecutive work weeks except for weekends. All business related.Price: Paid 100-118, corporate rate.Property: Not outwardly impressive. Enter and that changes forthwith. It's beautiful with original art throughout entire hotel. And the most important attribute; CLEAN. Staff: Uber-dressed, groomed, polite and ready to serve. No whining or attitudes here. There's even a full-time concierge which you wouldn't expect for the price. Room: Small, but the top-of-the-line linen and granite comfort makes up for that. Never found a hair or an odor, or heard any loud, unacceptable noises in here.Food: I don't believe in paying hotel prices for food so I didn't sample it but it smelled gourmet wonderful. Negatives: Low-key cyclic noise from landing planes. Have to pay for internet. Could not make reservations from the front desk. TV channels minimal.Summary: I've stayed at the other high end hotels around LAX and this place is more comfortable. I have not encountered a single problem here. And the airport noise thing is actually a non-issue because the other places were on the main street into the terminal and the car noise was worse than the planes. And besides that, the way it's set up, you can observe the airplane activity which is really quite interesting.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>tinadam
<Content>Above average When I checked this site, the hotel was rated #5 in LA, with a base price around $100 less than the other hotels in the top 10. So from that perspective it was an easy choice. Ultimately, though, I think the rating reflects this hotel's convenience as an airport hotel, and the across-the-board quality which limits any really negative reviews. It was a nice stay, clean room, all the amenities that you'd expect-- but certainly nothing to write home about. The hotel is just a few blocks from the airport, right across the street from the Budget Rentacar lot (a nice tip is to use Budget and then return the car the night before you leave, avoiding the extra night rental fee and the extra night parking fee). There's a Burger King across the street, but nothing else of note within sight in any direction in terms of shopping or eating. The hotel charges $17 per night for parking (unlimited in/out priveleges), which seemed extreme, and maybe that's one reason why the room rate is so competetive. No complaints about the room-- I found the heater/ac system to be much better than average, and the bed was very comfy. While the windows are reinforced to keep out most of the airport noise, there was a lot of noise bleeding in from the hallway (our room was close to the elevators), and I was awakened by what sounded like someone using a saw one morning. Don't expect anything spectacular, but rest assured you'll have a comfortable stay.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	3	-1	3	

<Author>MarylandTravelNut
<Content>Great Stay at the Renaissance We stayed at the Renaissance Montura Hotel for two nights while visiting LA. We were very pleased with the Hotel and the staff. We had a problem with a coffee pot that wouldn't work and within 5 minutes of advising the front desk of this problem someone was at our room with a new coffee pot. The beds at this hotel were incredible! They really made you wish that you hade more time to sleep. Budget rental car is directly across the street from this hotel and free street parking can be found on both sides of the budget rental car lot. We found this hotel to be clean, comfortable and accomodating. We will definitely stay at this hotel again if we travel to LA.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>PDXBigGuy
<Content>Excellent LAX Hotel Stayed for 3 nights and was very impressed overall. Was upgraded to the club floor (MR Gold). The Club Lounge was one of the few in the US that is open on the weekend! Breakfast, evening snacks, and dessert were all outstanding, different each day, and amazingly free of any fried food typical of lounge snacks. Room was quiet, large, and clean. The temperature, however, was difficult to control--either too hot or too cold, and the AC was noisy. Excercise room had good equipment and individual TV's. The LAX transit center is a five minute walk to the hotel; from there, you can catch public transit to downtown. For IN-and-Out Burger fans, there is one within a 15 min walk on Sepulveda. Hotel shuttle runs continuously to and from LAX and was very efficient. Would definitely stay at the Montura again.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>jpl88
<Content>Not bad for an airport hotel         
<Date>Mar 12, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	2	3	2	3	3	

<Author>yvr->ewr
<Content>Good Stay Spent the President's Day weekend at the Montura. Got a very reasonable rate of $119 from their website. The hotel is above average in most respects. The valet was quick and courteous. Front desk check-in was smooth. The room was spic and span. I requested and got a high floor with a view of the LAX runways. The room was very quiet even with planes taking off and landing most of the day. I would not hesitate staying at this property again.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	4	3	

<Author>LincolnNavigator
<Content>Nice hotel near LAX My husband and I recently stayed at the Rennaissance after a quick trip from to Boston to visit our daughter who goes to college in CA. We needed a hotel to stay at near the airport as our flight out was leaving at 7 AM. I read the reviews of all the hotels near LAX in TripAdvisor and chose the Renaissance based on the feedback. We were not disappointed. The hotel was convenient, clean, and very, very quiet. We felt like the only guests in our part of the hotel. It might even have been a bit creepy, if I was traveling alone on business. But that does not take away from the well-appointed room, and the absolutely divine bed and linens. The pillow-top bed with the soft cotton sheets and duvet were bliss. I dreaded having to get up early to leave as I wanted to luxuriate in the linens all day! The windowpanes must have been tripled-paned, as we could watch the planes land, but did not hear even a slight engine noise. The registration staff was competent, but not overly friendly. The early morning (5 AM) coffee and continental staff were kind, given the early hour. It was nice to be able to grab a cup of Peet's coffee before having to face LAX. The shuttle was on time and one can track its progress with their touch screen kiosk in the lobby. It certainly eased our getting to the airport on time anxieties. Once you are on the shuttle the automated voice even tells you how long it will be until you get to the airport. Nice touch.All in all, I would highly recommend the Rennaissance for overnight travelers who need quick access to the airport. I am not sure I would make it my first destination option if it was my first trip to LA. The area around the hotel is asphalt, car rental agencies, and industrial complexes. Pretty grim. But for an overnight, it is ideal.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	3	4	

<Author>Makai7
<Content>Perfect for airport layover We stayed at this hotel for 1 night as a layover before a connecting flight to Tahiti.Booked the room on the hotel website; $159+tax for a club level room- and well worth it. The staff were very pleasant and helpful when I called to add our Marriot Rewards number to the reservation, and to ask some questions.I received an email before our arrival to pre-request extra pillows, towels, etc.The airport shuttle was prompt. The front desk staff were courteous and check in was very fast.The room was spacious, nicely appointed and clean. Typical business hotel room. The toiletries were Lather brand, also provided by Delta in business class, and included more items than the standard soap, shampoo, conditioner, and moisturizer. The extra towels requested were in the bathroom. There were 2 robes in the closet.The bed and pillows were comfortable, and the sheets were high quality (600+count).There is a free trolley shuttle to Manhatten Beach (and the mall) - we took the shuttle and had a lovely lunch in a restaurant overlooking the ocean. Saved us the cost of renting a car and provided just enough activity after the long flight from Boston.With a club level room, there are free appetizers (hot  cold) in the evenings and a continental breakfast in the morning.After a large meal at lunch, we went to the club lounge and had very tasty snacks for a light meal, including Seared tuna sashimi. -Note- coffee is free but you must pay for anything from the Bar.In the morning we went to the lounge and were surprised to find a hot entree (eggs benedict) available, along with fresh fruit, sliced meats, cheese, pastries, juices, and coffee.Checkout was quick  easy. There were no surprises or hidden fees on the bill.It was not a long wait for the hotel shuttle to whisk us back to the airport when we were ready to leave.The money we saved on dinner, breakfast, and car rental more than compensated for the extra $30 for the club level room.We would stay here again if we had a layover. This is not a place to stay on vacation.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>momtravelswith3
<Content>Great LAX Location We stayed here for 1 night before an early departure from LAX. The Hotel is easy to find and less than 5 minutes from Departure Terminals at LAX. It is part of the Marriott Chain which I like to use whenever possible. It is a beautiful Hotel, very nicely appointed. The check-in desk clerk was very hasty and not overly friendly, but the concierge made up for it. They were very helpful with questions etc.The rooms were average size, the beds were wonderful pillow tops and very comfortable. The bathroom was good size with nice amenities. There was a small fridge in the room as well.The Airport Shuttle was very convenient, it runs continuously 24 hours every 15minutes. No reservations are required, just proceed outside and catch the next bus.Would certainly stay here again for the convenience to the airport. It is also very close to the rental car drop-off locations.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	3	5	4	

<Author>MrBen1
<Content>Perfect flight recovery! We stayed here on our first night in the USA, as we didn't want to venture far in the rental car on our first night. The location was perfect, very close to the airport, and just one block from the Dollar Rent a car site where we had just picked up our car.As we were tired on arrival (it was early evening, but felt like the early hours to us due to the time zone change), we decided to remain in the hotel, and found the facilities very good, enjoying both the gym and swimming pool, before retiring to the huge bed in our room, watching the 747's landing at LAX with the sunset over the pacific in the background! Beautiful! The front desk staff were very good both on arrival and when checking out, recommending a good local diner for breakfast as we wanted to try a traditional US style pancakes breakfast! The room was very comfortable, and the only slight issue we had was a whistling noise which we found was air coming under the room door. We didn't complain as we found throwing a cushion in front of the door stopped the noise!  
<Date>Jan 17, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>EricInSF
<Content>Great value for the price Found a great deal (less than $100/night) on the Marriott website for the Montura. Much more intimate than full-line Marriott and one block away. Great bar, great service for the price. Very nice rooms in good condition and immaculate. Club floor rooms are better equipped than other floors. Friendly staff. No WiFi and was never able to get cable internet to work. Self-park was pricey ($17/night). I'd defintely stay again for the price.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	4	4	2	

<Author>WEFLYAA
<Content>The best hotel bed I've ever slept in! This is a sweet little hotel located close (but not too close) to LAX. The airplanes can be seen but not so much heard. The staff were warm and always made it a point to greet us when we passed by. The lobby was beautiful and the hallways and other common areas were kept up nicely. The swimming pool, while nothing special, was clean and the spa offered a nice way to end the day. The fitness center looked close to brand-new and had everything you could possibly need including individual TV's and complimentary bottled water. The only complaint I have is that the guest rooms were a bit cramped. We would often bump into one another because there was limited space between the end of the bed and the dresser. However, the beds themselves more than made up for it. They featured duvets and other European-style appointments as well as enormous pillows which made it especially comfortable when sitting up against the headboard.The location of this property is central to everything. It's closest to the South Bay area which includes Redondo and Manhattan Beaches. Hollywood is about a 30-minute drive as long as you stay off the freeways. All in all, I would recommend this property, especially to business travelers or people who only have a few days to spend in L.A.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	2	4	-1	

<Author>SouthernIllinoisJane
<Content>Awesome! What a lovely property! This hotel is not new like a normally select, however it is very well taken care of, beautifully furnished and definitely an upper class hotel. I paid $119 and stayed one night. The airport location worked out great since we were leaving LAX the next morning. The beds were wonderful....probably close to the best I've slept on in a hotel. The few downsides of the hotel is that the rooms are quite small and there is not very good lighting in the room. Two of us were trying to get ready in the morning and the lighting in the living/sleeping area was very dark. The concierge was very helpful. They directed us to the Promenade Shopping Center where we had a great meal and saw a movie....beware, the movie prices on a Saturday night were $15.50 per adult! Overall, if I needed to be near the airport, I'd definitely stay again and recommend it to friends. My husband stays here for business and he loves the location.....it is also close to the rental car return places.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	5	

<Author>jimette
<Content>Nice place to stay Great place to stay, A  J October 17th, 2006, PAWe stayed here one night after a long flight home from Fiji. Our check in went smoothly. Our room was very clean. Bed was a pillowtop, rooms are sound proof  smoke free hotel. After we showered and changed the concierge, Sergio gave us some good advise on where to go for dinner  a map. They also went out and hailed us a cab right away. After we returned we had cocktails over looking LA in their Club House and talking with the friendly staff. In the morning we woke up to a newspaper  delicious breakfast in the hotel. The Airport shuttle came right away and took us to our terminal free of charge. This is a nice place to stay if even for 1 night.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CatdogCT
<Content>Fine stay at the Renaissance We stayed here for 3 nights and were satisfied with the stay; the rooms were a bit small for more than an overnight stay (or perhaps the furniture was too large for the room as noted in some of the other reviews). Overall property was clean, well appointed, and convient to major freeway(s), beaches, and the airport. We did not take advantage of any of the restaurants or other facilities the hotel offered since we spent our days sightseeing. We requested additional pillows and towels (the room was set up with only 2 of each), and they arrived promptly and with a smile. Valet parking always had car ready after calling from room and heading downstairs within 5 minutes or so. Would stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	3	3	4	3	3	

<Author>MLE642
<Content>Good location and very nicely done rooms near LAX We booked here thru a Marriott promotional rate ($89/night) for a layover at LAX. The shuttle was prompt. Rooms were surprisingly pleasant for an airport hotel. Our room faced the runways (evidently that was a prime location for the nightime view) and the windows were so well sealed, we didn't hear a thing. We didn't have a car and the concierge helpfully directed us to a free shuttle a block away that went to Manhattan Beach (the beach and to a mall there). It was a great way to pass a long afternoon. The hotel restaurant (we ate in the coffee shop) was very pretty, had a decent selection and the food was done nicely (not amazing but good for being at the airport). Yuo got the feeling that the hotel staff really did want you to enjoy your stay, even if it was a short one. We would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Nasha
<Content>Great start! My family and I stayed here at the start of our holiday! We only stayed for two nights while we got over any jet lag.Its a really nice clean hotel and a very short drive from the airport. We stayed for 2 nights, which due to the hotels location, is about enough really, as there are nicer areas to stay for a holiday. We had to pay for parking our hire car, which was something we hadn't really thought about.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	2	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>el84
<Content>Very comfy bed We stayed in this hotel for 2 nights. Very close to LAX just a short taxi journey. We had booked a non smoking twin room but on arrival this was not available so we were offered an up grade to a king size suite. As I was travelling with a friend we didn鈥檛 mind crashing in the same bed but might be a different story if you are away on business! The bed was huge and so comfy and the room was sound proof from the noise of the road and airport. There were complimentary bottles of water in the room and luxurious toiletries, which was a nice touch. The hotel runs a shuttle bus (which looks like a red tram) runs down to Manhattan Beach and to a local shopping mall which we would have never had known was so close by. The driver of the bus was very helpful and friendly. The bus runs every hour after 10.30. This hotel is fine for a short stay. We did not use the pool, go to the beach instead. There is a fantastic place for breakfast near the shore called Uncle Bills Pancake house. Well worth a visit.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	2	5	-1	

<Author>HeyTraveler
<Content>Far Better Then I ever Expected! Highly Recommend My family am I stayed here two nights for a reunion of sorts in torrence. At First the the appearance of the Hotel from the out side looked alot like any nearby hotel, fairly ordinary, but once you have checked-in and checked out the place it was very comfortable, very clean and very friendly. The room we had (9th floor) was well organized, very clean and very quiet. I loved the bed and wished I could have taken it home with me, it was that comfortable; and the linen was incredably soft and warm. Our room rate ($119) included breakfast for two adults and children under 12 free. I was expecting a basic continental but it turned out to be a fairly comprehensive buffet style with white table clothes and full service. They do have a menu if you choose. We also ate dinner one night and again I was very impressed. The Sword Fish with lobster sauce was increadable. Take your time though, it's not a fast service restaurant during dinner time, but if you are in a hurry, there is a burger King accross the street , which you never see unless driving by to get to the hotel parking garage ($13.00 per night by the way). There appears to alot of convetion space here if needed, excersize room, pool (small / 4Ft deep max), and a well appointed lobby to just hang and watch the world go by. The Freeway (I-405) is minutes away with good signes to direct you where to go. I will defintely stay there again when in town.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>saccuch
<Content>Loved this hotel! We stayed here when we needed a hotel for one night near LAX. It was really a surprisingly nice hotel. Very comfortable. Very quiet. Nice facilities (but tiny pool). I would definitely recommend this to anyone needing a first class hotel near LAX, and I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bembridge
<Content>good as an airport hotel, less good for long stays1 I guess the key thing that I need to remember when reviewing this Renaissance Hotel is that it is an airport hotel, and I have been staying at the hotel for extended periods of sometimes up to 10 days. The hotel is really designed to give people in transit staying, I suspect, for an average of one or maybe two nights.  That is why I tend to rate the hotel as fine and may other people on tripadvisor.com would rave about the hotel. The hotel has been going through a process of staggered renovation and there has been a real improvement in the quality and state of the bedrooms. One improvement, in my view, being the beds! These are definitely soft, comfortable and have piles of pillows to snuggle down into at night. The rooms are a good size, both the normal rooms and the suites although the latter tend to be fairly dark. There is usually good space to do work, good internet access and fairly good bathrooms with great water pressure.The one thing that is a pity they have not addressed is the air conditioning which is very boisterous and noisy, and I have found that I need to leave it off when going to bed at night and so in summer the rooms get hot and bit uncomfortable over night.The other area that is not great is the bar and dining facilities. The bar is small and not that exciting and the food is pretty average and limited. So while this is fine when there for a night or maybe two, if you stay any longer then you tire of the food. The problem being that as this is a hotel airport there is nowhere to pop out and walk to for an alterative meal.There is a small outdoor pool that is very popular, with small hot tub. The gym is pretty good with a range of cardio equipment to keep most people happy with TVs above each. The weights area is very limited but fine again for a work out.The hotel has a large parking garage with self parking or valet parking. The view from rooms in the front of the hotel are over the airport and worth asking for when you check in - or you get the view of the multi story car park (which you will see I always have had!)So this is a good hotel for an airport hotel, probably good for a conference as is so handy for the airport but not a hotel to spend longer in.One thing as an aside is although planes come really close to the hotel the hotel is very sound proof and even between rooms is very well insulated!A tips is that you can get amazing rates for club room access at the weekend (from a Thursday to a Monday check-out) off their website.You can see videos I made of 2 of the rooms at this link: http://blog.myspace.com/index.cfm?fuseaction=blog.viewfriendID=89511767blogID=159775462  
<Date>Aug 24, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	4	5	3	3	3	

<Author>Kymmberly
<Content>Surprisingly Very Nice!!! Highly recommended hotel. Across the street from LAX and around the corner from various car rental agencies. Comfy rooms, very clean, superb service. The only negative is the parking garage unless you valet.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	3	5	4	

<Author>neelleyclan
<Content>No great deal! The Renaissance Montura was OK for the price I paid ($99 per night). The room was quite small and the AC was not working when I arrived. THe hotel did send someone up right away to fix the problem. Then my keys never worked and I was locked out of my room twice. The pool area was small and the water was very dirty. The hotel does have 24 hour shuttle service to LAX airport. Plus there was no airplane noise heard from your hotel room.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>joviscot
<Content>Convenient for LAX I stayed here twice recently - for 2 days at the start of my vacation and for 2 days at the end of it. No complaints either time.Anytime we needed directions anywhere, the hotel staff were only too happy to help. We received printouts with all the information we needed.Rooms were clean, comfortable and quiet considering the planes fly so close to the hotel.It was easy to get the shuttle bus to and from the hotel.Would stay here again no problem.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellence! Very recently my grandmother and I visited Los Angeles for the funeral of her sister. Unfortunately, the family friend we were staying with in LA, was hospitalized. Our plans were to arrive on Friday, participate in the funeral on Saturday and leave on the red-eye Sunday evening. When we were unable to secure a standby flight out of Los Angeles, we were left with the need for hotel accomodations. I called every area hotel and there were no rooms available. Believing that the Renaissance was far out of our price range, I called as a last resort. I spoke to the most delightful man, Mario. After explaining the situation to him about the flight, he encouraged us to take the next shuttle to him and he will have a room ready. I was skeptical, because no one else had room for us, regardless of our situation. Sure enough when we got off the shuttle, Mario was there waiting for us, with a welcoming smile and a ready room. The service was superb. The staff was extraordinary. Their service made our situation more tolerable. And the shower is to die for. Thank you for making our stay pleasurable and for delivering the service that was promised, and then some.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Superb service! I booked two rooms here during my daughter's graduation from UCLA last weekend (6/16  6/17). My daughter and son-in-law and their two babies (under 2yrs) didn't arrive until well after midnight, very tired and frustrated from driving for nine hours. When they got to their room, they found a snack tray waiting for them - with grapes, apple slices, peanut butter-and-jelly sandwiches - and a handwritten note saying there was milk in the refrigerator below. I didn't request the tray and don't know who put it there for them, but it was beyond wonderful for them to have it there.  Someone mentioned the elevator arrangement. There is a separate elevator for the parking garage and you do have to then go through the lobby to reach the elevators to the floors, but we considered this to be a good security measure as there is then no outside access to the floors. We also had reservations for dinner for our family after my daughter's graduation, in the Conservatory. I have to say that the waiters were wonderful - put up with everyone straggling in half-an-hour late and numerous special requests for the kids. This was a wonderful hotel and spotlessly clean. It is gorgeous inside as they are doing a big renovation. We will stay there again every time we go down to Los Angeles.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>haji
<Content>Good hotel for LAX access but not near much       Bathroom  
<Date>Jun 21, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A good spot Stayed overnight in early May last. Convenient to LAX. Nice bar with efficient staff. Breakfast buffet was excellent. Would recommend.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>debraacook
<Content>Renaissance Montura-Doubtful We stayed at this hotel for 3 days, arriving on a Friday evening at about midnight. We expected Room Service to be limited. When I called, I was told limited service selections meant pre-made sandwiches (two to choose from) and a pre-made salad. Very disappointing, especially since the hotel is across from the airport and people are arriving at all hours. I was directed to Denny's, IHOP, or Carl's Jr. There were no other choices. For the most part, the room itself was clean. The cabinet door housing the mini refrigerator was a little askew. The refrigerator itself did not reach a very cold temp, despite the fact that we turned it all the way to the coldest setting. Upon entering the room, you will see two bottles of imported water. Don't open them unless you want to spend $3.50 and $4.50 each and they are not worth it at all.When we checked in, the garage elevator was out of order. There is only one elevator for the garage, which is a seperate structure adjacent to the hotel. This meant we needed to walk down four flights of stairs with our luggage, walk across the corridor to the hotel elevator and go up to our room, only to take the same route again to go out for a meal that the hotel room service could not provide.The desk gave excellent driving directions, however. It is doubtful that we will stay here again.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Williamson5
<Content>Would be great at even twice the price A terrific hotel overall. Very close to LAX, walking distance to the Hertz and Avis lots, excellent service from the welcoming and competent staff (one of the fastest check-ins I've ever had at any hotel), fantastic bed, extremely clean bathroom, excellent food in the concierge lounge, marble top furniture, live plant in the guest room, beautiful artwork throughout the property. I still can't believe I only paid $109 per night. My only complaint was the airport shuttle, which is shared with a number of other hotels and makes a number of stops before getting to the Renaissance.  
<Date>May 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>blueocean_explorer
<Content>Not a pleasent stay!!!! The hotel itself left a lot to be desired! Before I booked the hotel, I glanced over its website and figured that this is a great hotel due to those misleading photos on the hotel's website. All in all, I have to say that this is a terrible hotel. The lobby is appointed in dark colors. This made the whole enviroment looked gloomy.  The rooms were OK, however I expect more from a Renaissance Hotel! The bed was hard and the beddings were below average! On the other hand, since the hotel is nearby the airport, is is very noisy 24 hours a day!  
<Date>May 12, 2006
<Rating>3	3	1	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>kurock_chalk
<Content>My favorite hotel in the LAX area I travel to LA twice a month and always stay at the Renaissance. I used to stay at the LAX Marriott but the property has gotten so run down that I personally feel unsafe. Not at the Renaissance though. The rooms, the bar, the lobby, the staff, the food, the gym are all exceptional. I really like how quiet the hotel is at all times. I work late in the evening and so I sleep in until around 9:00am. I am never waken by the maid service in other rooms or hallway. The only recommendation would be to upgrade the breakfast in the concierge lounge. It is usually just OK. Frankly, Residence Inns have been breakfast choices. Other than that small detail, this hotel is home away from home. Thank you Marriott.  
<Date>May 11, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mi_sapphire
<Content>Beautiful Hotel, Great Service We stayed at the Renaissance Montura on Saturday, March 25, 2006. There was four of us and with the senior rate we paid $98.00/night...$111.86 with all the taxes. Excellent price for a beautiful hotel, close to the airport with no noise, seemed like a safe part of town.-Check in was very quick and the staff was very nice.-Free shuttle bus to and from LAX runs 24 hours.-Clean, beautiful rooms (furniture was a bit large for these smaller rooms)-We had a light breakfast in the hotel restaurant and it was delicious, service was excellent and when the food came to the table, it was on beautiful dishes and garnished with fresh fruit etc., looked like a picture out of a magazine. My toast was made with thick homemade bread and my daughter's french toast was garnished with fresh strawberries and she said that it was the best french toast that she has ever had.-Burger King is across the street.-Budget car rental across the street, I rented from Alamo which is about 1 mile away. To save on taxi fees, I took the shuttle back to the airport and walked downstairs and caught the alamo shuttle. I highly recommend this hotel. I was in California for about a week and stayed at other hotels if you would like to look at those reviews. Area/Hotels:North Hollywood - Holiday Inn, Beverly GarlandAnaheim (Near Disneyland) - Holiday Inn ExpressHuntington Beach - Best Western Huntington Beach InnLong Beach - The Coast Long Beach Hotel  
<Date>Apr 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>mick909
<Content>If you have to stay near the airport this is a great hotel We stayed at this hotel for one night on our way back from NY to Sydney. We had also stayed at the Radisson LAX the night before, but the Renaissance wins hands down. The room was some 30% cheaper, the night we stayed, the beds more comfortable, the room a little larger, but what really stood out was the service. They have something called delighted to serve which I thought would be some cheesy corporate service standard that they just put up to say they have good service. But they actually all seemed to be genuinely delighted to serve you. Everyone staff member we ran into or dealt with was extremely courteous, pleasant and nothing was too much trouble. A rarity in American hotels.If we have to stay near LAX, we will stay here.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ncmurray
<Content>Beautiful hotel - excellent experience Based on this web site, we stayed at this hotel at the beginning and end of our trip to California. What a beautiful hotel! The staff was friendly, the concierge service was efficient and knowledgable, the breakfast was great! A bonus was the proximity to the rental car places - an easy walk to pick up and drop off our car, saving us a day's car rental fees!What a great hotel at any price, but the value was amazing!!  
<Date>Mar 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Greataunt
<Content>Wonderful airport hotel! We stayed last week on our way to Palm Springs. The flight landed late and we made our way over to the Renaissance. The front desk personnel were delightful and our club level room was fantastic. We'd booked the Romance package and they had already layed out the rose petals when we got into the room. Our champagne and strawberries arrived shortly thereafter. Breakfast the next morning was delicious. It was a first class experience!  
<Date>Feb 22, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Stay, Convenient Very nice hotel with a great location. Close to car rentals and LAX (1-2 miles). Closest car rental is Budget across the street. We rented from Hertz which is one block from hotel, extremely convenient, can walk there.Hotel staff are very friendly and helpful. Room is very clean and decent size. Furniture is a little big for the room but there was still plenty of room for two people. For women - bring your own blow dryer if you need to use it for more than five minutes. I have long hair and it kept shutting off to cool down after about 2 minutes of use on medium heat, what a nuisance.Parking was $13 per day in the garage. Did not use valet service. Never heard the airplanes and our stay was very quiet and restful. Would gladly stay again.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Remarkable Experience As a meetings planning coordinator for my employer, we held a four day meeting at the Renaissance Montura. There were 140 employees in attendance. I was very impressed with the professionalism I encountered with the hotel management and banquet staff. The customer service was outstanding. They all exceeded my expectations.The sleeping rooms were clean and neat, and the beds were comfortable. The meeting space was very accomodating to our needs. Food and beverage service was great.Most importantly, the meeting attendees had positive comments about the hotel staff and the hotel property.With all this said, as the opportunities present, I will hold more meetings at the Renaissance Montura.For many years I have planned business meetings with many chain hotels throughout Southern California. The Renaissance Montura is a 5-Star hotel in many respects.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good, some improvements needed. This hotel is definitely a nice, safe place to stay. The lobby, bar and rooms are lovely and seem newly renovated. The concierge staff were helpful and friendly. The room we stayed in was very cramped with furniture and made it a little claustrophobic for a 3 night stay. (we were attending a conference in the hotel). If your only staying one night though, this shouldn't cause a problem. Bed was comfortable. Shower had very poor water pressure and didn't get very hot. (I hate that!)Our room was tucked away in a corner by the stairwell, which I thought would work to our advantage noise-wise. However the housekeeping staff must use the stairs pretty regularly because there were doors slamming and talking all morning. Couldn't sleep in! Meanwhile you don't even hear the jets flying right outside!All in all, it was a pretty good stay. Parking is expensive, and I wish more hotels would get on the ball with free wi-fi. It's really not that expensive to offer for free. This hotel wanted to charge $10/day. I think that's a scam. Small little chains like Microtel offer it for free! Oh well.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best hotel near LAX I stay overnight near Los Angeles Int'l Airport (LAX) at least several times per year and this is easily the best hotel in the area. - Beautifully appointed hotel and rooms- Execllent location: 1 block off Century Blvd. near LAX- Free shuttle to airport- Competetive parking rates incl. valet- Club level provides breakfast and Hors d'艙uvresThe only negative experience for me has been the clueless valet parking staff which always screws up the parking fees, car wash (included w/ some packages) etc... Not a deal breaker by any means.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Airport Hotel I stayed at the Renaissance Montura LAX hotel during October 2005 for three nights. I booked this hotel as I was attending a conference held in the International Room. The rooms are nicely decorated and the views range from LA carparks to the runway at LAX. Surprisingly, there is zero noise from the jets, the rooms are very well insulated. I had a good amount of time to explore the LAX area by foot and in the immediate area there is absolutely nothing aside from a Burger King across the road. However, if you walk left and follow the main road right down (20 mins) you'll find many restaurants (Mexican/ Chinese/ American) and commercial blocks. Otherwise there are many other hotels in the area to visit! In the LAX area, it is the finest hotel, it has many european style touches including a prized art collection. The restaurant in the hotel serves very good food, though it is a little pricey! Snacks and essential items are available in a store in the lobby and a pool/spa on the lower level. The staff are very friendly and provided items I requested free of charge such as toothpaste (!) and a late check-out at 3pm. If you're considering staying around LAX to save on LA hotel costs, the taxi downtown is $40, alternatively take the free shuttle back to LAX and a super shuttle into town- $19 per person or the bus which is a few dollars but takes 2 hours. Staying in the LAX area you are really confined to the hotel itself to provide all necessary comforts. The Renaissance Montura hotel does this and more!  
<Date>Nov 15, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Marriott Does it Again Being a fan of the Marriott chain, it is my first choice in hotels. Recently visiting the TUT exhibit, we chose The Renaissance Montura Hotel Los Angeles that recently underwent a major remodel. My compliments to this fine hotel for a job well done. Beautiful furnishings  artwork throughout. Close and easy to get to from LAX and the freeway. Airplane noise was minimal and not an issue. Comfortable room  beds.Newspaper at your door in the am. Staff pleasant and helpful with maps  directions. Food  resturants excellant. The berry crepes were fabulous. Small pool  gym with lots of equipment. Non valet parking in their garage was $14.00 pd. a little steep. I would absolutly stay again.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>inruin
<Content>An Excellent Stay!! I stayed here on 09/23/05 and enjoyed the stay. I wasn鈥檛 impressed with the exterior, but the hotel was gorgeous inside and the rooms were in great shape. The bed was also very comfortable. Parking at the hotel was $13.99 a day and included in-and-out privileges. We had one problem with room service; when we ordered at 1:30am the kitchen was having problems. The menu was inaccurate, the order took 45 minutes to get to us, and I didn鈥檛 get what I asked for. TO THEIR CREDIT鈥攖hey gave the food to us for free and apologized. I was impressed. It was easily $30 worth of food. The hotel bar was great and I enjoyed the stay here  
<Date>Oct 4, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>marilano
<Content>Very Good Airport Hotel I stayed at the Renaissance Montura about two weeks ago (in late August) for several nights, while visiting relatives in LA. The hotel, while fairly close to the LA airport, is quieter than many other hotels both near the airport and farther away-- for instance, on one of the many busy LA streets--because of the excellent soundproofing. Another advantage of staying here is that the shuttle picks you up and take you back to the airport, which spares my relatives the trouble of dealing with LAX. I've stayed here a couple of other times for these reasons, even though I don't have a burning desire to stay near the airport. Yet, freeway access is nearby and it's easy to get to other parts of LA (usually west LA for me). On this visit, the shuttle came by the airport within a few minutes. (However, the shuttle wouldn't take me to a local car rental place about 6-8 blocks away a couple of days later, but luckily Enterprise picked me up, since I have some leg trouble.) The room at the Renaissance was nicely furnished and of good size, with fairly comfortable beds, but not as comfy as at the Westin, although the LAX airport Westin--which I've stayed at a couple of times because of my Starwood membership--is noisier and less well maintained than the Renaissance. I keep wondering, though, when most hotels--even quite upscale ones--will decide to use fitted mattress pads and bottom sheets so the bed doesn't keep unmaking itself during the night?  The bathroom and desk had lovely granite countertops, although I found both much too high for an average-height woman. At least the desk should have an adjustable chair. I felt like I needed a child's booster seat to be able to write at the desk (and instead had to sit on two pillows). Like most hotels, this one seems designed by and for (tall) men. The bathroom had a lot of counter space, so it was a little surprising that the coffeemaker was in the bedroom, near the TV, which made things a little more difficult than if it had been on the bathroom counter, near the water, as at most hotels. There was actually a nice small (and empty) refrigerator rather than a mini-bar, so I could keep my bottled water and a few other things in there without having to take the hotel's stuff out, as I usually do. The hotel provides fresh apples for guests, by the way, and has decent coffee replenished daily in the room with real half and half (although not much of it or of sugar). The staff I met all seemed very nice and helpful. My room was exactly as I'd requested--non-smoking (and this sometimes is true in name only), quiet, on a high floor, and away from the elevator and ice machine. I actually was able to sleep in a quiet environment for the most part. The a/c was a little noisy, however, so I turned it off when I was sleeping, even though it was fairly hot in LA while I was there. I'd get up in the middle of the night and turn the a/c back on for a little while to cool off the room a bit. All things considered, and speaking as someone who oftens has bad hotel luck, I felt like my stay went smoothly. The hotel is nicely designed, both in its public spaces and guest rooms. I got a good rate on the Marriott/Renaissance website (about $100/night), and would stay here again if I could get a similar or lower rate. The parking charge of $13/day for self-parking is much lower than in some parts of LA and in many other cities. I didn't use the restaurant or room service, so can't comment on those. But if you're looking for a quiet, understated, well-decorated hotel in this general part of LA, the Renaissance is a good choice.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great renovation! This hotel was lovely and the service (front desk, restaurant, valet) was excellent. The rooms were very clean, updated, smelled good. Bed was very comfortable. Ate twice in the restaurant. Food was very good and very reasonably priced. I was worried there would be a lot of airport noise, but didn't hear any. I am going back out to LA in a few weeks and am staying at this hotel again (I usually stay at the beach, but the renovation is so nice at this hotel, I'll give up the ocean for a much nicer hotel).  
<Date>Sep 9, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>RDS3918
<Content>Best airport hotel I've been in I stayed on the airport side and didn't hear a jet at all. I also turned of the airconditioner as I always do in hotels rooms. I was in Club level though but that shouldn't make a difference. The Marriot hotel around the corner is no where near as nice as I stayed at the Marriot the week before and decided that I didn't want to stay there unless i was desperate. Old dingy rooms with such skinny bathroom doors you almost had to turn sideways to get in. The Montura rooms seem overly luxurious in comparison. Service was fine, I signed up for the park and fly $199 and got Club level, a private town car to the airport and free breakfast. That was very nice. Didn't bring a car to park but they did call me to ask me if I wanted my car washed when I was gone (complimentary)! The food at Club Level is pretty much the same at most hotels club level floors -acceptable. Didn't go downstairs for my breakfast as I was pressed for time so I can't say how the food is. I will definitely stay here again while passing through.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>JackSD
<Content>As good as LAX get... The Renaissance Montura's web site (and some of the reviews on this page) would have you believe that this is a first-rate hotel experience, but that's just not the case. The hotel has a veneer of luxury, but it's inch-deep. Basically this is a next-to-the-airport hotel that draws groups just off planes and business travelers who want to get an early start the next morning. So you'll have to expect kids running down the hallways, a jammed parking lot, and other signs of high volume usage from time to time. The hotel is also a paradox: It's huge from the outside, but corridors and general spaces inside are narrow if not cramped. In short: Space at this hotel, wherever you are, is a commodity. Having said all that, rooms on the back side are surprisingly quiet for the hotel's being so close to one run-way, the beds are comfortable, bathrooms are marble and well-lit, and room service is faultlessly polite (with filtered coffee, no less, as the standard). You could make this your LAX-adjacent default hotel and be none the worse for wear...  
<Date>Aug 2, 2005
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>kph
<Content>Better than most but nothing to write home about! Wow the hotels must be pretty poor at LAX for this to have received so much acclaim. Generally I found the service poor especially at restaurant(s). We ended up just leaving the resturant to go to the bar area and then left that to go upstairs to order room service. Yes the hotel is clean and comfortable but it is still just an airport hotel. Not in our mind being worthy of anything but above average for airport hotels.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2005
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>OnlineMom
<Content>Worked for us! We live about an hour north of Los Angeles and decided to spend one night at the Renaissance Montura before an early morning flight to Maui. I booked a room online through Marriott's website and got their 'AAA Park  Fly' special. For about $215 (including tax), we got the room, 7 days of free valet parking, a car wash and a town-car ride to the airport the morning of our flight! We also stayed on the club level and enjoyed that thoroughly. The lounge (only accessible to people staying on the club levels) was great for appetizers/drinks in the evening and then breakfast the day of our departure. Our room was very nice - beautifully appointed and not terribly cramped even with 4 people, golf clubs and luggage in it. We had a great view of the airport from our window - our 5 and 6 year old children loved watching the planes land every few minutes and we were amazed that there was NO noise from the jets whatsoever! Our children would've been perfectly happy with dinner at Burger King (directly across the street!) but, instead, we enjoyed a wonderful dinner at The Conservatory Restaurant just off the lobby. The hotel is gorgeous - decorated beautifully and very clean. The orchids everywhere are just incredible!  
<Date>Jul 27, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>PDos
<Content>Very Nice Clean Place to Stay The hotel was extremely clean as if it were new. The beds were the most comfortable I have slept in in a long time. The maid service was great; anything asked for was given with no hesitations. We had total control over the air conditioning which worked great. Staff was friendly and helful. The lobby was always spotless. The hotel was literally 2 minutes from the airport which can be a plus and a negative. If you are just stopping over it's a great location but may not be a great location if vacationing throughout the L.A. area (too much traveling). I was very happy with this hotel.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>One of the better hotels in the LAX area We staid at the Renaissance Montural for one night in June 2005 after an 11 h flight from Frankfurt, Germany. This is a relatively small hotel (compared to the other airport hotels) that offers more charme, privacy and personality than most of the surrounding chain hotels. The standard rooms are well equipped but not very spacious---however, since we only staid for one night (as most people do), room size was not so important to us ... Staff was friendly and responded quickly to our needs. All in all it was a good value (since we got the AAA rate), and we would probably stay there again.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Hotel! I stayed here on business for one night. The primary factor in choosing this hotel was its proximity to LAX since I had an early morning flight the following day. However, when I arrived, I was very pleasantly surprised by the size, quality and cleanliness of the room. The hotel was very quiet and I heard no noise from the hallway, other rooms or outside the hotel. Airplane noise was not an issue at all (at least during my stay). The hotel has a complimentary shuttle to the airport, which is a great perk. I stayed on one of the floors that allow guests access to a complimentary buffet breakfast in the morning. It was a continental style buffet, with a somewhat limited selection, but excellent quality. Overall, a very good experience. Not your typical airport hotel by any means. I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>atltripper
<Content>Great airport hotel We stayed at the Renaissance in June when my husband was attending a conference there. I was very pleasantly surprised by the quality of the hotel! It definitely was above the standard Marriott hotel in terms of the bedding and its comfort; the bathroom linens were a little more plush, also.The hotel was very quiet. Even though it is in the approach route for several runways, there was no airplane noise at any time.My only complaint? There is no direct subway or bus into downtown LA from the hotel. I went back to the airport to get a shuttle into LA.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>FStinnett
<Content>Great experiance We stayed at the Renaissance hotel @LAX July7,2005 we had a one day lay over on the way to maui. We had the Room with a Jaguaur to drive a special I got off their website we went to King Tut in our Jag came back and enjoyed our suite had pizza delivered we had a great lay over in the best airport hotel i have ever been to it was a really nice place. I also never heard the jets. Stay on the top floors they serve brekfast up there and it was excellent. The whole hotel is upscale without the upscale pricetag!  
<Date>Jul 18, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Park and Fly Solution We picked this hotel for it's convenience since we drove in from the Central Coast and had an early morning flight. The service was great. The evening appetizers were enough to make a light meal. The rooms were clean, quiet and comfortable. We stayed on the Club Level which was included in the AAA Park and Fly promotion. From the dining room on the 11th floor there was a great view of the planes arriving and departing. The soundproofing was really good, couldn't hear the planes at all. We had two kids with us so we used the pool which is definitely small, but not crowded. The gym was well equipped. The front desk were very helpful arranging the shuttle since we couldn't use the towncar they offered for free with the two kids and no car seats. They also arranged an early room service for breakfast, complimentary, since we had to leave before 6am. Also included in the AAA deal was 7 days of free parking and they washed the car while we were gone. The staff were all very professional and friendly. I would not hesitate to stay here again.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>whrabbit
<Content>the best breakfast room at lax stayed here for 4 nights late may to attend a convention next door..used seniors rate of $US 84 plus tax. the room was above average although the bed was not up to new starwood standard.the breakfast room buffet(including omlette station that delivered to your table) was exceptional although when taken to dinner by a transiting fellow australian and his daughter on saturday night it was a disaster..but then it seems all lax hotel restaurants seem to have problems on saturday night.. back to breakfast buffet;staff were discreet and courteous-highly recommended...outdoor pool was small for a 500 room hotel and the spa/whirlpool positivly minimalist (2 comfortable or 4 in a squeeze) the room maids always had a smile and pleasantries as you passed them and the front of house staff were exceptional although the hold mail system needs centralisation as there appears to be 3 seperate security locations to be checked...would recommend this 4 star hotel for the quality of its staff at all levels....  
<Date>Jun 16, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>TANYA66
<Content>Good Airport Hotel The Renaissance was very plush for the 拢65 per room per night we paid. The lobby and public spaces were very elaborate and the breakfast included in our price was second to none. A huge buffet and a made to order counter too. The staff were helpful and the pool was nice and particularly quiet while we were there. The rooms were clean  tidy and overall a 4* hotel. Excellent airport hotel.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Stephbibby
<Content>Would Visit Again in a Heartbeat. I just checked out of the Renaissance this morning, May 21st. I got this hotel for 55 a night via priceline for 3 nights, May 18-21st. I was in town for E3, a convention in downtown LA. I was so impressed by this hotel. The lobby was beautiful. Their art collection alone was worth 14 million dollars, according to the brochure that described all of the pieces on the property. The staff was always wonderful, and the rooms..my GOD they were amazing. One of the most comfortable beds I've ever slept on. Pillowtop and everything. The sheets were soft and luxurious and exceptionally clean. I'm a big pillow person and I never had to request more pillows. The room featured granite countertops in the bathroom, and granite on the dresser. The room also had a large armchair and a leather ottoman. The complimentary toiletries in the bathroom smelled wonderful and were all from Bath and Body Works. Maid service was always prompt and whenever we passed them in the hall, they greeted us with a smile and a 'good morning'. You could always tell when they had entered your room, because you were assaulted with a wonderful smell as soon as you opened the door.The only thing I felt that could be improved upon, was the pool area. It was very nice and kept clean, but it was small. The food was outstanding, even though it was a bit pricey. We ended up spending 60.00 on 1 dinner which included a delicious burger and fries, and a Traditional Club sandwich, 1 breakfast of yummy French Toast with Strawberries and powdered sugar, a bagel and cream cheese, a glass of orange juice and whole milk, and a bowl of soup. All of that included a nice tip. My last night there I was feeling ill and I called room service for soup and they brought up bread and a wonderful turkey vegetable soup, along with a wish to 'feel better'. My soup took a little longer than expected, but they were very aplogetic and explained they were quite busy.The hotel parking was expensive (13 for self, 16 for valet), but well lit and safe. The staff was very courteous and never hesitated to help us with directions to the nearest movie theatre, downtown LA, Food (Subway),and the 405. As we were leaving, they wished us a safe drive, hoped that we would come back, and asked if we needed any help with directions. I would stay here again in a heartbeat. As a cost-effective college student, I couldn't find a better hotel to spend my 55 a night in. Their regular rates aren't bad either (109 a night) and perhaps I might even be willing to stay there at that rate.Yes, they're that good.I LOVE the Renaissance!  
<Date>May 22, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>bigguyinpasadena
<Content>OK-but some glitches Ok stay-bathroom is very small and basic for the nice furnishings throughout the rest of the hotel.Bed wes comfy-air conditioning very old and noisy, and since the thermostat is right next to the vent it kept turning off and on all night.Restaurant was ok.Room service B'fast was horrid! And they were late in delivering it.Bigguyinpasadena  
<Date>May 13, 2005
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>sush68
<Content>Best Hotel in LAX area! I stayed at the Renaissance Los Angeles Hotel (LAX location) on March 19 - 21. After a fight with a traveling companion, I moved to the Renaissance from the Los Angeles Marriott downtown - what an upgrade! This is a lovely hotel, especially for an airport location. Much nicer and bigger room than the Marriott downtown and for a much lower rate ($109 at the Renaissance versus $159 at the Marriott). Lobby, bar, and room itself were very clean, spotless in fact. Staff was very helpful  courtous. The gym is really nice, altough I didn't get to use it. The only area of this hotel that needs work is the pool, sorta small and not kept as neat as the rest of the property. I have stayed at other hotels in the LAX area (Crowne Plaza and Westin specifically) and was most impressed by the LAX Renaissance. Great value and great service - definitely recommended.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Teva
<Content>Not worth the price I have booked for 2 rooms and when I arrive, the rooms are on different floors. I expected for interconnecting rooms or at least 2 rooms not too far one from the other. I ask for a change and they can find me 2 rooms separated by 2 other rooms. This hotel is very close to LAX airport and has a shuttle to the airport every 10 mn. The room are clean but not well maintained. In the bathroom, you cannot close the drain of the sink. In the tub, you cannot have full water for the shower. Half is lost in the tub. Some lamps are not working because they are unplugged. And this hotel charge double than the other others in the LAX airport area. Not worth it.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2005
<Rating>1	2	1	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>helen118
<Content>Better than i thought Just spent one night there after the flight in from london.Can parking good but i had to pay which was a surprise for the states.Check in staff and room service staff vey good and helpful.Our deal included breakfast which was very good in deed.Rooms good. All in all nice hotel.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>very comfortable Positives- Spacious, clean rooms. Close to the airport yet very quiet. Short waits at the long front desk. Helpful bellhops. Burger King across street with mainly tourist clientelle (not Inglewood riffraff like down on Century blvd.) Great gym with TVs. Jacuzzi. Negs- Pool is too small, and there was some strange debris floating around (toilet paper?). Internet hookup in lobby too expensive. Late night bartender was a dullard. Conclusion- Highly recommended, but the Doubletree El Segundo is better.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>An Unexpected but Pleasant Surprise       Another view from a front-facing room  
<Date>Mar 2, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Twickenham0
<Content>Nice, convenient airport hotel We stayed at this hotel twice on a recent trip, one night arriving in LA and one night before our flight back. The shuttle is very frequent, so minimal waiting. The public areas are lovely, nice service (plenty of bellhops to take your luggage). The room is standard size, superior furnishings and accessories (very comfortable beds!), and very nice bathrooms. Our only problem was trying to get synthetic pillows instead of feather - apparently when they remodeled, they threw out all the foam pillows! Finally were able to rustle up a few, but took some doing (both times...). Great view of the planes landing at LAX. Nice, if pricey, restaurant, although a good option is the Burger King right across the street! Many airport car rental facilities within walking distance (National, Avis, Hertz), so don't have to go back to the airport to pick up a rental car.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>profwho
<Content>Reasonble hotel REasonable hotel, room was small on club floor (floor 10) for extra rate. Beds are comfortable. The airport shuttle is a bit of a gamble, comes every 15 - 18 minutes (they say) but not on a set schedule. Not an exciting area there at LAX but near the AVIS rental car return if you happen to do them, you can walk to the hotel. Would I go again? Perhaps if I were flying out early, but probably would just do the hotel where I was really staying and just get up early to get there at LAX.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>This is NOT the Hollywood Renaissance This is a nice hotel with a great staff, but some of the reviews submitted here are actually for the HOLLYWOOD Renaissance, not the LAX Renaissance. Huge difference! When you're reading through the reviews, if you see anything about the Hollywood sign, the Hollywood Walk of Fame, the connected mall, the Kodak Theatre, Mann's Chinese Theater... these are all in Hollywood, not at the L.A. airport. This hotel is much cheaper than in Hollywood, and not nearly as nice, but if you need to be next to the airport and you want a nice, clean, quiet, well-staffed place to stay, this is a great choice. Just don't expect any L.A. sightseeing nearby!  
<Date>Dec 1, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very good business hotel   showReview(2696528, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 11, 2004
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Hotel near airport   showReview(2578659, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 16, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best of the Best   showReview(2518415, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 8, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>zonda
<Content>Top airport stay   showReview(2498338, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 27, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful place   showReview(1851241, 'full');   
<Date>May 1, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Stay   showReview(1531601, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 28, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Renaissance   showReview(1345981, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 20, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>moodyblue
<Content>Pretty good   showReview(1188835, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 1, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Honeymoon Bliss @ the Renaissance   showReview(1136515, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 14, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Class, Class, Class   showReview(359846, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 22, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>occhiverdi
<Content>Comodo   showReview(22462828, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Sam1610
<Content>Typisches Flughafenhotel   showReview(21394873, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 30, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	2	4	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Immer wieder gern!!   showReview(20549802, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 16, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>H么tel luxueux   showReview(20549803, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 14, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Aquila80
<Content>Ottimo albergo   showReview(19872450, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	3	4	5	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>ottimo   showReview(19635006, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 24, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo Hotel   showReview(19635005, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 22, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gute Lage zum Flughafen   showReview(19635003, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>w眉rde ich jederzeit wieder buchen   showReview(17435646, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 26, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇撱仒銈撱伨銈娿仐銇熴偔銉偆銇儧銉嗐儷   showReview(19171692, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 7, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>islita
<Content>Buen hotel cercano al aeropuerto       habitacion  
<Date>May 24, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tres bon hotel pour quelques jours   showReview(15573386, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Parfait pour transiter   showReview(13976420, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bon hotel que je proposerai 脿 mes amis   showReview(13198817, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 7, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Wir waren zufrieden!   showReview(11301285, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 2, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>weihnaxmann12249
<Content>Jederzeit wieder!   showReview(10066936, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>ottimo hotel d'aeroporto   showReview(11301284, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 17, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>V8-Cowboy
<Content>Gutes Hotel, in der gehobenen Preisklasse.   showReview(8398753, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 12, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Direkt am Flughafen, grosses Hotel   showReview(11400638, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 31, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

