<Author>jplure
<Content>Relaxing retreat in the heart of the city We stayed in this hotel for 4 nights just before the Olympics. My company has a quite big office in Beijing and colleagues told me this is the best value hotel in all Beijing. We had asked for a garden view room - very nice and pleasant with a small terrace overlooking the fish podn and the trees in the middle of the hotel. The best thing about this hotel is that when you enter the hotel it seems a totally different world than in the streets : no more noise... Breakfast is quite average but I never had a good breakfast in China...  
<Date>Oct 25, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>PanAmer64
<Content>Great Location and friendly staff Oct.1-Oct. 6, 2008Just returned from one week in Beijing during their Oct. 1st National Holiday week. We were able to stay at the JianGuo Hotel for about $128US per day which included breakfast. Staff was very helpful and spoke reasonably good english. We were given a room with King bed on the Jianguo Club floor. It also included snacks and drinks in the evening however this was not explained to us on check-in. Free internet acess was also available thru use of 2 computers on the floor. Remember to get a hotel card from the front desk to show cab drivers for the ride home from shopping and dinner as none of the cab drivers we used were able to speak english. Have the front desk staff write down your destination in Chinese for the cab drivers. Twice we were taken to the wrong restaurant after the doorman had given the directions in Chinese to the cab drivers. It's best to have your destination written down including the address to also show it to the cab driver before you leave the hotel. Cabs are very inexpensive in Beijing so a mistake is not very costly. The hotel only has a breakfast buffet in the morning and it is as good as any I've found in the states. There is also Chinese and Japanese food items available with the buffet. Cost if not part of the room is about $20US so you may want to go to Starbucks.Hotel is located next to a Starbucks and underground Metro station. For the shoppers, it is also located one block from the new Silk Market where everything is for sale and you can hone your bargaining skills. You can usually get items for about 1/4th the asking price so bargain, bargain,bargain. Try walking away and staff will chase you down with a cheaper price. Many shop keepers will ask you how much you want to spend so be prepared. Many are knock offs. This is a 6 story building filled with shopping stalls.Use cabs for travel around the city as the Metro is very crowded. Both are very inexpensive. For the young and adventurist a trip on the metro is a must. Be prepared to be pushed into the car so the doors can close. Metro staff were very helpful in helping foreigners buy tickets and find their way around.Caution: Location of the hotel on tripadvisor map is incorrect. Please check another map source for the address of Jianguomenwai da jie, #5  
<Date>Oct 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Alex000000
<Content>Great if you get the right room We booked this hotel on the basis of the contents of their website and the reviews we read. As such I was surprised to see the tired appearance of the room we were given on arrival. We booked an executive business room as my husband was on the back of a business trip and needed internet access(we later discovered that all rooms have internet). We also assumed that the rooms would be of a decent quality and the 2 hours of complimentary snacks and drinks every evening was also of interest (this turned out to be more depressing than happy). When we raised the subject of the room with the staff at the business wing reception they simply weren't interested. As we were booked in for 10 nights my husband was ready to book into another hotel. However, I convinced him to speak to Guest Relations first. We were shown two other available rooms in Building B which were much more akin with those on the website and we moved that evening. No more tired plastic bath, poor view and shabby carpet. The replacement room had a balcony with a not unpleasant view, was on the top floor so nice and quiet and a walk in shower big enough for 2.The hotel's location is great - 100m from the underground which is easy to use and cheap and 200m from the silk market.If you can get your room right this hotel is fine. HOwever, my biggest critisism is the higher level staff. Guest Relations acted as though we were an inconvience on the 3 occassions we spoke with them (3 different people). After a 10 night stay we weren't even wished a safe onward journey by the reception when we checked out and the travel desk will only offer tours through the company they have an agreement with. It even felt difficult to get them to call the theatre for us.The best staff i this hotel are the cleaners. In addition to doing a beautiful job of the room every day they were always friendly and polite. Would I stay here again? Possibly, but only for the hotel's great location not because there is anything special about the hotel, it's fine.If anyone from the hotel was to read this review I would recommend that they encourage their front of house staff to take a lesson in customer care.PS. The drinks in the hotel bar with bankrupt you - 1 beer and 1 coke + service charge = almost 拢10!!!  
<Date>Sep 28, 2008
<Rating>3	2	4	5	4	1	3	4	

<Author>SiobhanPDublin
<Content>This is my home in Bejing when visiting I Have stayed here 3 times previously and staying again this October. Location is excellent and I feel safe here on my own as a solo female business traveller. Staff are friendly and helpful and I love the breakfast as its sets me up for the day. Its a buffet of european and chinese food and I usually have a combination of both.As for being unfriendly to local chinese this is never the case in my experienbce. My Chinese colleague and I stay here each visit and she finds them very friendly and professional. Location is a 5 minute walk to the pearl market and some shops and tailors on the way which are quite good. I often wake early jetlagged and go for a morning walk.Business centre is a bit pricey but the in room internet connections are excellent. Taxis are readily available from the door man and they front desk are helpful with maps, directions and suggetions of where to eat in the area. Most rooms have been renovated and are lovely modern and clean.I reccommend it as a smaller friendly hotel not a giant horrible chain where you get lost in the lobby!  
<Date>Sep 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Auntie_C
<Content>6 week stay Having already spent a month (with two more weeks to go) in this property prior to and during the Olympics, I have had the unique opportunity to become intimately familiar with this hotel. As part of my duties managing groups of guests here for the games, I have personally inspected over 50% of the rooms and can report that the standards are high, the service personal, and the facility well located for business travelers as well as casual tourists. All rooms have been renovated and are generally clean and spacious, particularly those on the Executive level of the A tower. After their Olympic experience, the hotel staff is now even more attuned to the needs of international travelers from around the world. Their enthusiasm is also better paired with improved language skillsThe breakfast buffet is normally included in the room rate and offers a wide selection of foods, including eggs cooked to order. Their evening buffet in the Caf茅 is equally extensive. Justine鈥檚 Restaurant offers French cuisine, with attentive servers who do try to achieve French service standards. I have not had the opportunity to try the Chinese restaurant on property. Room service is reasonably priced and quickly delivered. Charlie鈥檚 Bar offers a wide range of libations and live music in the evenings, as well as food. The lobby coffee and tea service is a lovely treat.The pastry shop just outside of the front door is owned by the hotel and has the freshest baked goods around, as well as sandwiches and a small selection of ice cream. I visit on a daily basis to get my morning coffee to go.The business center is slightly expensive, but fairly well equipped. The hotel salon offers many services. (Personal note: I love the way Kevin cuts hair and will miss him when I have to leave!) The exercise room has a nice variety of equipment and a marvelous view over the courtyard gardens and pools. The indoor pool is slightly warm for my personal tastes, but is well used by guests. A sauna and steam room are located in the pool area. There is even free wireless internet access in the lobby area. As mentioned in other reviews, the Jianguo is located near the Silk Market. Let me add that the neighboring streets are lined with a wide assortment of dining options. Certainly individual tastes vary, but anyone who cannot find something to suit their needs should carry their own food from home. Explore the alleyways and you will find numerous non-tourist restaurants featuring local menus that will please your taste buds and definitely go easy on your wallet. Ordering from the picture book menus is easy to do, and yields an amazing assortment of options. Should I ever return to Beijing, I will definitely return to the Jianguo Hotel.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>swish008
<Content>Great Hotel, Great Location       View of the Hotel Garden from the patio of the room  
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>finnsino
<Content>Decent hotel in Beijing for holiday and business. Good location. Metro (Line 1) entrance from neighbor building. Very close to the Silk Street. Friendly service. Rooms were a bit old when I stayed there - I heard they had some renovations later.Breakfast was excellent. But dinner at the French restaurant was a big disappointment.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ccharles_byte
<Content>Great place for foreigners, centrally situated Nice hotel, its very foreigner friendly. Internet access is very good, very fast, and fairly cheap (its filtered though). The laundry services are priced like 5 star hotels are in the US, but thats OK if you're getting it expensed.Bedroom was great. Huge bed. Great facilities, in-room.If you're going to hold business meetings in the hotel, this might not be the place to be though. They seem to be very weary of Chinese people, especially females. The host company's receptionist was meant to be my guide and she faced issues coming into the hotel, twice. Pulling foreigner clout, she managed to come in to take me for dinner once, and once we had breakfast in the hotel.Otherwise, staff are OK, there's a nice water feature, and the hotel has a great, central location. Taxis are always available.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Jin_Jiang
<Content>Great Alternative Hotel in the World Trade Center Area...       living_area  
<Date>Dec 2, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Lucii
<Content>Centrally Situated Hotel We had a three night stay here during a tour and found it very good for a three night stay. The room was clean and had all you could want for a short stay including a balcony. The breakfast buffet was as good as you get anywhere. The hotel is very close to bars, restaurants and The Silk Street Market.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>babyboo999
<Content>Excellent Hotel in China RoomsThe rooms in hotel wer very nicely decoratted and look just like the rooms in the pictures. I don't know what we payyed because we were on tour but it was very nicely decoratted with a great buffet breakfast. Most of the people in the hotel speak English. The bell is prompt and the it had very nice bathroom. There were robes and laundry service. The best of the hotels I stayyed in on tour while we were in CHina with Charming Holidays.We stayyed here two nights. I believe we stayyed in Room 212 in the new tower. The only complaint i have is that the beds wer hard but I found that this was true all trhough China.LocationWe had a driver but the hotel was a good location to many of our attractions. In one day we went to the Great Wall, Forbidden City, tianemen Square. Bejing seems to be going through a modernization because they are preparing for the Olympics.Extras in HotelWe did you the internet and it was nice and really fast. We got a massage for about twelve dollars in our room. My husband and I agreed that the it was the best massage that we had while we were in China and we had several. The hotel is professional, friendly, and I would recommend it to my best friend.There is a very pretty garden in the middle of each tower area.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>XinjiangVikki
<Content>Stayed at the Jianguo a number of times We have used the Jianguo a number of times over the last year while in town on business. It is clean, the staff are helpful, the pool is great, the lobby is a nice spot to wait for someone. My one complaint are the rooms are dark and relatively small. There are a number of good restaurants with in walking distance - the Blue Marine, a Mexican restaurant.The location is OK - still quite a distance to most attractions. For the money I think you could find better.  
<Date>May 27, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>skydiva
<Content>not a fan I traveled to China on a study abroad with a group from my university. I had nothing to do with booking this hotel. So I take no blame! I have stayed at the Prime hotel previously in Beijing.The hotel is located on a major street right next door to a starbucks, stores and a silk market. There are no good restaurants within walking distance. It was an ok location otherwise because of its centrality. Breakfast was good but not amazing.The entrance is ok from the outside. The lobby is also average. The water garden was actually very pretty. You could see the water streaming from the lobby and it was very zen-like. There are 2 buildings 1 is the original and the 2nd a work in progress. They both share one lobby. I had to switch rooms at one point so I can comment on both buildings. 2nd building: There are noxious fumes floating thoughout the building, rooms and lobby due to said renovations. The rooms in the new building are actually very nicely decorated in asian contemporary. The bathrooms are nice with standing showers. The beds are actually very comfortable with down comforters. There is free wireless access available...but it's like watching grass grow. There are terraces with views of the water also. However, I would open the terrace door to air out the smell of fumes and in would come the scent of pollution and wood cutting since the construction was all over the place.The old building is in need of renovations. The bathrooms are moldy and old. The rooms are decorated similarly however, the furniture and linens are aging. The wireless was faster on this side. No terrace in this room.I do not recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>30statesJo
<Content>Relaxed and Comfortable Ex-pat friends recommended this hotel to us as I was staying on my own in Beijing whilst my husband was working elsewhere in China, and I wanted a hotel that was central, comfortable and safe. The Jinguao was all this and more. It is definately worth booking into the executive rooms on the fourth floor. You have your own check-in desk, happy hour bar and breakfast toom and excellent concierge service, away from the hustle and bustle of the main hotel lobby. The only reservation I had about the hotel, was the fact that main breakfast restaurant was very busy with coach parties.The hotel facilities were excellent. The pool was always empty and I visited the beauty salon for a manicure, pedicure, massage and a hair do - all excellent service and great value for money.Unfortunately, the excellent French restaurant 'Justines' was closed for refurbishment, but the adjacent coffee shop sold the most scrumptious cakes and pastries, which did make up for it somewhat. The hotel has a great location, close to a department store and the silk market, and is a great place to be in this ever-changing city. A few minutes walk away there are several international restaurants (Mexican, Italian etc) and I felt perfectly safe visiting them alone at night.Once my husband joined me, we upgraded our room to the split level suite, which had a balcony overlooking the hotel garden. It provided a very comfortable workspace for my husband and the most luxurious bathroom for me. An excellent hotel, which will definately our first choice in Beijing in the future.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	4	4	5	5	5	

<Author>SanFranExplorer
<Content>Good hotel at a great location, parts of the hotel premise need renovation               More photos  
<Date>Mar 4, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Handy and Hospitable       Room interior  
<Date>Dec 3, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>daddymac1
<Content>Decent property, good location could use a facelift       Hotel room  
<Date>May 12, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>skyweb
<Content>婧€瓒冲害锛橈紩锛呫€€瑕冲厜銇€併偡銉с儍銉斻兂銈般伄鎷犵偣銇姬锛集锛わ紒       绐撱亱銈夈伄鏅壊  
<Date>Nov 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	3	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍦颁笅閴勩伄椐呫伀杩戙亸瑕冲厜銇究鍒?#x201d;   showReview(19157156, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 25, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

