<Author>agentc
<Content>Awesome! My friend arranged a two night stay here for a good rate and it was great. Although we got the Studio apartment at the very top floor with the balcony overlooking Bathurst St, I wasn't complaning. Nice room, TV even had Fox Sports. The location is convenient to Town Hall station and to shops. I enjoyed the stay and my friend like it a lot that we stayed an extra night. I would stay here again.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>melbxyxyx
<Content>Great location, but micro studio The location is fabulous. I had a studio room, which was the size of a small hotel room with a toaster and microwave stuck in the corner. Not even an easy chair. A micro balcony with no furniture. If you're expecting a studio apartment, you'll be disappointed. If you want a hotel room with a microwave - this is it!Gym has rather old and knackered equipment, and small. Lifts kind of slow (only two and a lot of floors!). If you get the rate including breakfast, its a nice continental self-service. Which made my rate pretty reasonable for Sydney CBD.Friendly and clean.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>norsky100
<Content>No complaints about the Medina Grand We arrived too early to check in, but were able to store our bags and walked the short distance to Darling Harbor. The reception staff was very friendly and apologetic about our not being able to check in right away, but it WAS something like 10 a.m. Monday. We stayed until Thursday and found the location to be quite convenient. In the middle of our stay we left for a 3 day excursion to the Blue Mountains and stored one bag. We asked about upgrading from a studio to a one bedroom upon our return and the additional charge was well worth it, especially since the one bedroom comes with a washer and dryer and is quite spacious -- that's in addition to a complete kitchen. Before we left on our trip I read some negative reviews about the Medina Grand and was a little worried, but as far as we were concerned there was no basis for a negative review. The only possible small complaint might be about the internet service. They kept saying we'd have wireless available in the lobby, but in all the time we were there, that never worked (10 days). We paid for internet in our room and it worked just fine. I would stay at the Medina Grand again.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	5	4	3	

<Author>MRXTCZ
<Content>Excellent ! Stayed at the Medina grand in late October..Had booked a Studio Room.. later to realse that there was no kitchennete, so i called reception and asked them if they would upgrade me.. they certainly upgraded!!1 Bedroom Premier Apartment .. very very high floor .. think it was level 26 ..The room was spectacular, all the furnishing was up to date, clean smell. with a mini lil balcony out front.The view of the harbour was great, and a great view of the Harbour.. and as a bonus the Hillsong group were having an event and we got front row seats to FIREWORKS!The pool, gym and sauna was great! worked out .. then sweat it off .. and cool down in the pool .. it was heavenly ..Outside atmosphere is great.Top notch apartments .. recommended for sure. Will be staying next time for sure!  
<Date>Nov 12, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>tal27
<Content>Very ordinary I stayed for 3 weeks in a one bedroom apartment about halfway up (15th floor I think). View was straight up Bathurst Street (ie no view). I was there during world youth week, and I had a lot of trouble with noise. This is in a quieter part of town normally, but the noise of cars and people is very audible, even with all doors shut and curtains closed. The party may as well have been in my room. You also get the noise of churchbells from just up the road, but this is not as annoying by itself, and is not constant of course. Just very loud.The staff were very helpful, but the place was so tired looking. It looked exactly what it was - an overcleaned, overused serviced apartment. There were marks and stains on everything, the kitchen was not very good - very grubby and lacking basic utensils - no chopping knives or boards (previous occupiers had clearly just used the laminate worktop to chop things), dirty pans and a kettle that was so awful I had to scrub and boil it about 4 times before it was approaching usable. The first thing I did on arrival was put everything through the dishwasher or washed it up myself. On the plus side, it was spacious, with a large bathroom (shower over the rather shallow tub), and a very useful utility area with a washing machine and dryer. The layout was well designed.The television was very old fashioned, and did require a lot of manual button pushing (ie the remote only changed channels really - I had to switch on and off on the set, and also adjust the volume on the set), plus it was a small old screen).There was a hosuekeeping service every day which varied according to who you got. Each cleaner seemed to have their own idea as to what they would do or not do, which made it quite interesting in some ways to see at night what had been done that day.The gym is tiny, and consists of one treadmill, a couple of bikes and a few free weights. The pool also is more of a tiny lap pool, better for splashing in. I only saw one other person there during my whole stay.The lifts are very very slow, they tend to shut one down a lot, and then it is all stops up and down. Not a large lift either - 4 people and luggage and it is bursting.Whilst I was there, the apartment next door was rented by a family for a week, and the cooking smells did permeate the hallway, and under my door - I knew what they were eating 3 times a day. Not very effective ventilation. I realise this can be an issue in all apartment blocks, but the low ceilings really did cause smells to linger nastily.As a whole, I would not recommend it - location is pretty ordinary, and the apartments are tired. The staff are generally very friendly tho'. I did have one issue on the last day when I specifically called down to reception to request an extra hour to check out. This was readily granted, but then at exactly one minute past the normal check out time I received a call reminding me of the time and asking me in a rather rude abrupt tone why I had not yet left? Not a great last impression at all.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	2	3	3	3	2	

<Author>TheCoffeeQueen
<Content>SAD SHAPE DIRTY and NO CS Stayed at the Medina Grand Sydney on Kent from 26-30 April, 2008 for business. I have had a terrible experience I spoke to reception starting the first night regarding: internet questions-said can't help you, a bunch of people were in the hotel and very loud/partying, cig. smoke coming into my room via the air vents, screaming at the elevator and the room was dirty (stain splatters on the curtains/stains on the carpet/in the shower). I called reception and was treated rudely and told: we are full just mail the comment card in. I asked for a manager on duty and told try tomorrow morning no one is hear that can help you. Then I went down to plead with reception (another person) to help me the next morning, The offer was to move me (to a lesser room-no view and on a lower floor) or I have to pay more for a better room (only thing better was the view). I had a fine view bbefore it was the filth and noise and cigarette smoke that was the problem. Then spoke to the manager and he said nothing we can really do, and then sent a note to me for a $40 credit- that is it! So much for hospitality or working with your customers. My internet was all that may cover for the 4 days. I am back to the hotel on last night and my final straw . The temp control was not working and my room was very hot. They said they have gone to heat and I can not use the temperature control in my own room to lower how hot it is-they have central control so I have to suffer with it being to hot. I am at my end with it hear and can't wait to leave.This hotel is in a good location for the city (close to the harbor) but it is Sad Sad Sad and in desperate need of a complete renovation from staff to rooms. If it is the cheapest then maybe stay but no way would I ever come here again. Terrible!  
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	1	2	2	

<Author>jon1949
<Content>Sydney High       View from the 29th floor towards Botany Bay  
<Date>Apr 17, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>David31
<Content>Good Sydney Location We spent 6 nights in a 2 bed apartment at the Medina Grand. The external appearance of the building suggested nothing remarkable but we were very impressed by the excellent quality of the apartments.The Medina Grand is in a great location for visitors to Sydney with all the main attractions within easy walking distance. Darling Harbour is a 10 minutes away and Town Hall station is 5 minutes in the opposite direction. Avoid the convenience stores in the streets adjacent to the Medina; they are horrendously expensive and there is a good Woolworth's food store opposite the Town Hall station with a bottle shop around the corner from Woolworths.As there are only a few apartments on each floor there was absolutely no noise from other guests. Only cooking smells in the lobby areas suggested that other apartments were in use. Some occassional vehicle noise and raised voices were heard from the street level below but as this is a city centre location this was not remarkable.We found the air conditioning to be out of balance between rooms and a comfortable night time temperature could not be achieved in the main bedroom. The worn out buttons on the temperature control suggested that we were not the first visitors to struggle with this. Even when the air conditioning was turned off cold air continued to emerge from the vent in the main bedroom leaving one room cold and the other hot!Despite this minor criticism we would definitely use the Medina Grand again.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	3	3	4	

<Author>Haggis45
<Content>Smooth sailing at the Medina Grand I booked a studio room direct with the hotel for $160 a night on the entertainment card rate for my 2 night stay. We have stayed there a couple of times now and keep coming back as the location suits us.It's an easy walk to Darling Harbour, as well as the city shopping and Chinatown. Very convenient to Town Hall station so I caught the airport express and walked to the hotel.The studio room is compact but has the kitchenette which is very handy. Bed was comfy and there was a selection of pillows. Bathroom clean, good water pressure and I liked the fact there was a balcony so you can open the sliding door to get fresh air in - and check the morning air temperature!No complaints - check in/out was smooth, but I didn't need anything during my stay. The pool area is great - water is warm and the gym had everything you would need.I think it's good value for money for what I paid and would stay there again.Beware the closing door of the fire escape - my niece decided to speak on the phone to her boyfriend late at night in the stairwell to avoid waking guests (and me), but had to descend to the ground floor in her night wear to re enter past reception. Nothing to do with the hotel, but a funny moment of our stay!  
<Date>Apr 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>Ganagirl
<Content>Not terrible but not great I booked this last minute based on location and price and was expecting it to be not as good as the brilliant place I had been in. I was right. The check in was great and they were incredibly helpful at getting me into a room early.The room smelt of smoke although they assured me it was non-smoking etc. I ended up with a little machine blasting on all day to clear the smell which it did,alongside opening the balcony door.It felt a bit jaded, furnishings, the bathroom with two plugs that fitted neither bath nor sink although it had a big bath which was nice...well would have been if I could have had one!Kitchen was teeny tiny and barely lit although had pretty much everything I needed for a couple of nights.No laundry facility in room.It was lovely to have a balcony and a good view over the cityNo ethernet cable and a $50 deposit for a very short one - wonder where they buy theirs form as I bought a 3m one from Dick Smith for under $20!, The internet kept dropping out due to some recurring technical issue. Not very impressive if you're trying to conduct meetings online. Still it was fixed relatively quickly, couple of hours, Lifts were very slow and seemed to stop at every floor and the lift access card didnt work once which was a little nerve wracking.It was very clean and house keeping were friendly and helpful. Shouldn't have been disappointed I suppose, but I was.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	4	3	2	

<Author>ozmatt07
<Content>Loved the place Stayed at the Medina Grand as part of a work trip. The hotel upgraded myself and a colleague to a 2 bedroom apartment which was huge  had everything we needed. Great beds  bathrooms  nice hotel. Location was good, not far to walk to the city mall or the convention centre. monorail was nearby too. They dodn't have meals at the hotel and that's because it was an apartment. There was a cafe downstairs and it served a nice breakfast but there is a supermarket nearby. Good luck finding a taxi driver who knows where anything is in Sydney so grab a card with the address on it at check in - saves time driving to the wrong places. Great hotel, great staff  would reccommend them. Thanks.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	-1	

<Author>Jenntay
<Content>Fantastic free upgrade.... My 12 year old daughter and I have just returned from a week at the Medina Grand.On arrival, we were greeted by the friendly and courteous receptionist and the news that we had received a free upgrade from a one bedroom to two bedroom apartment. Fantastic!The two bedroom apartment was on the second to top floor with panoramic views of Darling Harbour and the CBD. It was spacious, light and airy. The furniture was new and smart, the decor attractive (not all black and white but some subtle colour) and the large beds extremely comfortable. The airconditioning was effective but it was also great to have the options of opening windows and stepping out on to the balcony. The bathrooms were large and well equipped.There was only minimal traffic noise and no noticeable sound from the adjacent apartments. Both my daughter and I slept well.The apartments were serviced each day (to a higher standard than many similar apartments in which I have stayed in the past) and the room service person was polite and friendly when we encountered her.The only downsides - a dishwasher that was hard to start (but then the room service attendant would turn it on for us anyway) and a slight delay on collecting our bags on the day we checked out (but then it was a public holiday, Australia Day, and the apartment may have been shortstaffed).The location is excellent, with an easy walk to most amenities and attractions and a large choice of dining options nearby. The staff were helpful in suggesting where to go to eat and how to catch transport etc.I would recommend the Medina Grand highly and would certainly return again.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	3	-1	

<Author>retiresoon
<Content>Disappointed Stayed here for 3 nights for $340.00 per night but wasn't impressed. When checking in was told i was in the unique room which was the old managers residence which is located on P1( THE CAR PARK)Inside the unit was ok but needed new beds and carpet was stained.Paid top dollar as I thought Medina group was good, I won't be staying there again.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	2	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>villdre
<Content>Not much of an *apartment* Positives:1) Nice and clean2) Courteous Staff3) Very good location (for tourists and business-travelers)4) Internet is probably cheaper than most hotels ($12 for one hour, $24 for a 24 hour block).Negatives:1) Floor smelled of cigarettes (I might have been on a smoking floor)2) Apartment only had a microwave and a bar-fridge - not much of a kitchen(ette).3) Bed was uncomfortable - quilt was tucked tight and low ... I struggled to get it upto my chest (and I'm not tall). This seems a common theme across all Medinas.4) Apartment was tiny5) View was nothing to write home about6) Power button on TV remote would NOT turn the TV off. It would just bring me to the Pay-per view menu.What I cannot judge:1) Pool  Gym - never went there2) Parking - never used it3) Porter service - never used it  
<Date>Jan 22, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	5	3	4	4	3	

<Author>K_K_travellers
<Content>Medina met the requirements Having previously stayed with Medina Executive in St. Kilda, Melbourne, the expectations were not very high.We got a very nice twin bed studio on the 21st floor. The studio had a balcony with 2 chairs and was facing an office building across the street. It was clean, quiet (from traffic noise) and had everything we needed. The beds were once again very good.The service from the reception and the staff was very good, and at the level you would expect from a 4* hotel. The location is ok, as it takes about 25 min. to walk to the Opera House, less than 10 minutes to Darling Harbor and 5 min. to the tube station..The main problem was the noise from the neighboring doors being shut. The door handle outside the doors are locked when the doors are shut from outside, and hence makes a terrible bang when the doors are being closed. Having neighbors in and out the doors several times early in the morning or very late at night, disturbs a good night sleep. This is a sort of a contradiction to the fact that when you check in you have to sign a document saying that disturbing other guests by parting, etc. gives the hotel a right to ask you to leave the premises.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>bida53
<Content>I am not happy about the procedure to confirm my booking We booked the hotel online for New Years Eve but when it came to confirm our booking actual copies of credit cards both sides and passports were required which made us very uncomfortable about the security of the booking process. No other hotel has ever asked me for this amount of proof for booking. Felt bullied into giving it all in fear of loosing the room.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mel1Melbourne
<Content>Fantastic location! My boyfriend and I spent 4 nights at this hotel and loved it! We were upgraded on arrival to a one bedroom apartment on the 23rd floor with a balcony and amazing views of Darling Harbour and the city. The apartment was spacious, spotless and extremely comfortable. The hotel was not noisy - we couldn't hear the traffic or our neighbours and it had all the amenities we could have wanted (including foxtel which we are sadly addicted to now!). The hotel pool and sauna was very nice and the hotel staff were all very helpful.It was only about 5 minutes or so walk to Darling Harbour and a couple of minutes to Town Hall station so the location was perfect for us! We will definitely book this hotel again.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>AuS4
<Content>Countless Moths Stinky, loud and countless moths.Understaffed and overworked reception.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2007
<Rating>1	2	1	1	1	2	1	1	

<Author>asaus
<Content>Good value Booked Standard Studio Room.Excellent value for location. Very close to Town Hall Station, Major shopping and entertianment district. Short pleasent walk to Darling Harbour (mostly down hill).Room was clean and not overly worn. Although the bed was a bit soft for my liking. Small patio gave great view over the city.Very handy microwave oven, coffe and tea making.For a stay in Sydney you could pay alot more and get a lot less.Recomended.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>yougorgeousthing
<Content>Love The Medina Grand       Very Modern Living Room  
<Date>Aug 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>stonebrigger
<Content>Lovely room, great location Stayed here in 2004. Had a lovely room which was spacious and very clean. Location was excellent, 5 minutes to Darling Harbour.would recommend these apartments to anyone.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>ExpectationsSydney
<Content>Lack of air conditioning I had booked 2 nights in a 1 bedroom apartment via wotif.com.au and managed to secure a good rate for a Thursday and Friday night.Checked in at 2.00pm on the Thursday and realised that the air conditioning was not operating correctly in the apartment.Just fortunate that it was not summer.After a restless sleep, i advised the front desk.The problem was corrected during the following morning.The shower in the apartment was unusual.It had the facility for a disabled guest, yet when using the hand held nozzle, water would seep under the glass and almost flood the bathroom (strange set up) One final small concern.When i checked out on the Saturday morning, i was told that there was a mobile phone cost billed to my room.I advised the clerk at reception that i had not made any calls at all (she was pleasant enough and discarded the cost)Thinking back, perhaps the maintenace people may have used the phone??Overall, my stay was pleasant and found the staff helpful.The 1 bedroom apartment is very roomy and comfortable.I would stay there again.  
<Date>May 8, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>fendermonkey
<Content>pissed off we booked a month in advance for a nice room for our wedding anaversery...very disapointed to get our room with a wall out our window we could almost touch no light  
<Date>May 2, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	4	3	3	2	3	

<Author>koko1978
<Content>Very Very Disapponting.... We stay for 6 nights at the Grand Medina Sydney. I must admit that after my great experience in the Grand Medina Melbourne i had high hopes about this hotel, but the reality was totally the opposite.We were a party of 5 adults, and all the fifth of us went to the reception for the check-in at 12 PM. Since the check in time was 2 PM, the told us our room was going to be ready for that hour. We went for a walk and we came back the room was ready. We went to our apartment, and to our surprise the room was a 2 bedroom WITHOUT an extra bed. (Notice that the woman in the reception saw we were five but arrange the room only for 4...). We checked our vouchers and it said that we had booked a THREE bedroom apartement. We went to reception and showed - AGAIN - the voucher and empahside the fact that we had a 3 bedroom apartement. As logic indicates, the moved us to a 3 - bedroom apartment. After losing a lot of time, we left the hotel to go and enjoy the city. When we came back, in our room we had a note from a man named Robert something. He said that if we wanted to stay in that apartemente we had to pay an extra 200 Dollars per night since, in spite of what the voucher said, our travel agent had booked us a 2 bedroom apartment.We understood that our travel agent made the mistake, so 5 minutes after reading that note we went to the reception and told them that we were not going to pay that diference, that we wanted to move again to the 2 bedroom but, this time, with the extra bed. The answer from the man of the reception was that since this guy Robert went home he couldn´t anything.....After speaking whit him and made him understand that if that night they left us in that room, under NO circustances we were going to pay the extra 200 dolars, he said that nobody coud help us in the hotel because robert went home and that all he could say.We finally stay that night in that apartment and first thing the next morning we spoke with this Robert and explain him the whole situation. BUT HE SAID THAT, in spite that we BEG them to move us to a 2 bedroom the night before, WE HAD TO PAY THE 200 DOLLARS for the night. We told him that we were not going to pay for that, so he said he would speak to out travel agent in Australia and see if they would pay for that difference and he PROMISED he would give an aswer that day.And we also asked him to move us again to a 2 bedroom w extra bed..Guess what happen? Till the end of our stay we never had any news from Robert and that day when we came back to the hotel we had the 2 bedroom apartmente...but WITHOUT THE EXTRA BED. After we went to the reception and complaint about it, they finally gave us the extra bed.A few days later, one of the guys of the reception (the only one that had manners and cared about the guests) told me off the record that he heard our australian travel agente was going to pay for the difference (which, btw, i think thay shouldnt because that first night we specifically told them we wanted the 2 bedroom Netiher this guy Robert nor any other person apologize for the inconvinience or helped in other way during our stay. They made us waste a lot of time and made us worried fot this situation mucho more than we should. Yes, the hotel has good location, and little les.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	4	2	1	1	1	

<Author>casualvisitorss
<Content>A big Suprise! We booked this hotel as a last minute deal on wotif.com and were suitably suprised at the excellent service and quality of the accommodation provided. We arrived at 1pm (slightly earlier than the check in time) and the staff were happy to assign us to a room that had already been cleaned - by default we were lucky enough to score an upgrade. The room was in excellent condition with new furnishings and plenty of room. We easily parked our car in their secure car park (included in the price) and then explored Sydney which was at our doorstep - really!Our check out was just as effortless and being a public holiday we were hoping to leave the car in their secure car park - again no problem and at no extra charge. Fantastic experience!  
<Date>Mar 13, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>margienat
<Content>Rude  I have just stayed 2 nights at Medina Grand Sydney (Cnr Kent  Bathurst). I travel to Sydney and many places around the world for business and have stayed in a lot of places. This was the first  may I say the last time I shall stay at this property. Both the service and the general attitude demonstrated by the staff falls very short of what I would consider acceptable. The rooms are small and you can hardly move around.. for the price you pay.. you really feel cheated.We arrived on Monday  upon arrival we were greeted by a very rude disgruntled employee.. I could hardly hear her over the counter.. through the very loud Jack hammer noise outside the front door. We were staying on the 10th floor and could hear the jack hammer noise throughout the day... and did not enjoy waking up first thing Tuesday early to the noise of it.The final straw of our 3 day disaster stay was the constant harassment by the staff the morning of our check out. After calling reception and trying to orgainse a later check out.. as (10.00am) was the listed time.. We were then called about 5 times by both male  female reception staff. Asking about what time we were checking out.. This situation of the left hand not knowing what the right hand was doing.. very unprofessional..When we did check out. about 12.00... the girl on reception again was very short rude and disinterested.. she didn't ask as to why we requested a slightly longer stay.. nor did she ask if we enjoyed our stay.We had put up with jack hammer noises for the last few days.. NOT complained one bit.. and then they decide to be totally inflexible..?.. Just not good enough..There are heaps of places to stay in Sydney.. just dont stay here...A very disappointed guest..  
<Date>Mar 1, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	2	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>Chris004
<Content>excellent location, helpful staff Stayed in a 2 bedroom apartment. Had good kitchen facilities, excellent laundry facilities and 2 bathrooms. Reception staff were unfailingly polite and helpful - and didn't gloat too much over the cricket results!!!Less than 15 minutes walk to Darling Harbour with aquarium, ferry terminal, bars and restaurants. Access to shopping mall and QVB shopping centre diagonally opposite - also to 'Town Hall' station - 5 - 10 mins walk.  
<Date>Jan 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>emcampb
<Content>Fabulous location This hotel was wonderful and a really great place to stay for tourists visiting Sydney. The location was absolutely superb and within walking distance to all the major attractions. We stayed on the 19th floor and didn't hear any traffic noises - had a wondeful night's sleep. The room was clean and spacious. Although the pool is undercover, it is not indoor so was a little chilly mid-winter - the sauna made up for it though! Did eat there so can't comment on quality of food. I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Great place to stay in Sydney! We stayed at the Medina apartment for four nights in July 2005; me, my husband and our 10- year old daughter. The location was excellent. You could easily walk to Darling Harbour, Sydney Aquarium, Chinatown, Sydney Tower etc., and a little longer walk took you to the Opera House. The apartment we stayed in was great. Comfortable living room, nice bedroom, splendid kitchen and a magnificent breakfast area with a wonderful view. There was also a washing machine and dryer, and a very comfortable bathroom. This was a good way to stay in Sydney, especially since we didn't find that many good restaurants, (we used the Chinese takeaway on the same block a lot :-)). There was also a balcony, but it was quite scary to go out on the 19th floor, so we didn't use it.Just a few minuses to prevent us from making it Excellent:In July (winter) it was quite cold inside. There was air conditioning, but it could only make the room cooler. We complained about it, but all they could do was to give us extra blankets. Our daughter ended up with a cold, and kept coughing for weeks afterwards.Although most of the staff were very helpful, some of them weren't, and kept sighing when we asked questions.The elevators are VERY slow. There were only two elevators for 29 (I think) floors, and they kept you waiting forever.Otherwise, I would really recommend this place for a Sydney vacation!  
<Date>May 26, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>irishnz
<Content>Great 2-bedroom aptmt 6 of my family members stayed here in Feb 06. Although I live in New Zealand, we took relatives from Northern Ireland over to Sydney for 5 days. My parents and 2 others had a 2-bedroom suite on the 27th floor. As soon as we walked in everyone could not believe the amazing view. There were floor to ceiling windows at the corner of the room allowing you to see over Sydney, down to the Opera House. All the decor and furnishings were modern and the bathrooms were spotless. The lounge area was large and dining area more than adequate. Good facilities in the kitchen and one bathroom also had laundry area.  Myself and partner stayed in a studio apartment and this was nice and modern, but nowhere near as impressive as the other room. Bathroom was a decent size and room had a very small balcony. The apartments are close to Town Hall railway station (ensure you come out at the correct exit!) and short walk to shops (Pitt St Mall). It is also convenient to Darling Harbour (about 10 min walk). Excellent location overall. You can either take railway to the Opera House/ Harbour (3 stops) or it is about 20-30 minute walk.I would recommend Medina Aptmts and thought it was real value for money. Staff were friendly and helpful.  
<Date>May 26, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>ClaireMoxen
<Content>Excellent Executive apartments in perfect location in Darling Harbour. Fully serviced apartments with room service. We didn't use the kitchen at all, but far better than a hotel. One bedroom en-suite and the other bedroom next door to large bathroom. Great value for money.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>just alright Stayed in a premier studio room for a week, studio room was alright for the price, but if you can definitely stay in a 1 bedroom apartment. We tried to upgrade after not really being happy with the room, but they had no apartments left. My biggest complaint would be the noise. Even though we were on the 26th floor, the road noise and noise from nearby buildings air conditioning units was really bad, even with the doors all closed.The other complaint I had was only 1 lift was working the majority of the time, making for long waits for the lift.We stayed here for our honeymoon, which I would not recommend doing.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2006
<Rating>2	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>S6blr
<Content>A Decent Hotel, a decent price. The Medina grand is about what I would expect for a serviced apartment type of hotel. The rooms are of decent size, the bathrooms what you'd expect, and the lounge/dining/kitchen spacious enough for a few weeks stay. As I had arrived from the US, and my travel agent had pre-booked an early arrival I was VERY DISAPPOINTED to be told your room is not ready and I had to use the shower in the Gym to clean up. The BellStaff are pleaseant, the hotel quiet, and the location is quite good if you're working around/near Town Hall, or the western side of the CBD. Try to pay the small suppliment to get a 2BR suite as they are on the corner of the hotel and usually have a better view!  
<Date>Mar 13, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Steve278
<Content>Good location Excellent location,rooms were large and well set out. We stayed there with family who were all on seperate floors, we had alot of trouble with the elevators from floor to floor, staff should have explained the security set up to us. One day there was only one elevator working and we waited for 30min as we were on top floor,this can happen anywhere but it took all day to fix. Staff were extremely unhelpful,would not stay there again.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2006
<Rating>2	3	4	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>is it really that bad? I visited the hotel in September 2003 and I was quite happy with it as it is so close to Town Hall. It is a definite prime location!The room was quite clean; the pool and sauna was ok!To be honest, you could never compare the hotels in Australia with those in overseas. Like, you should never expect a hotel as lavish (and cheap!) in Sydney compared with those in Bangkok.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>MelbGal1972
<Content>great apartment hotel Have stayed in a few medinas as they often have apartments instead of just rooms. Stayed in a 1 bed room and it was huge and well set up - separate kitchen and bathroom. Even a stereo which you often don't get.Good location - an easy walk to darling harbour and QVB shops and right near Town Hall train station - so easy access to the airport if you're on a budget.I've stayed in about 10-12 sydney hotels over the past year and this one is worth it, esp if you want a bit more room.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>SandBlastedKid32
<Content>This is not a 5 Star in my book I have been to many hotels being because I travel for work and this hotel was a disappointment. First, I get to the hotel and I hear a two woman complaining at the reception that it was cold in their room and the thermastat was broken. I go to my room and mine was not working as well. They told me the heat cannot be turned on, only cold air. It maybe warm during the day to have the cold air, but at night it would be nice to have heat. I walked in my room and it looked a little dirty. The carpet had stains. Everything looked like it hasn't been cleaned in quite awhile. The one thing I really don't like is there is no lock on the front door. Anyone can walk in who has a key, so its very important you put the Do not Disturb sign on your door. I landed here in the morning and wanted to order lunch Room Service, no room service until 6pm and they offer a menu service where different restaurants deliver to the hotel. They offer lunch, but you must order 24hours ahead in order to get it. The walls are very thin. I hear the door slamming. I would never stay here again.  
<Date>May 30, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Good I was initially worried about staying in this hotel (after reading reviews on this site) but my fears vanished as soon as we checked in. We booked a one bedroom premier apartment at a discount rate (Entertainment card rate 50% discount) and were given a room on the top floor. The views from the balcony were fabulous - even though you couldn't see Circular Quay there was a fantastic cityscape and view across Darling Harbour. The room itself was good - very big. There were a few stains on carpets etc. but it is very rare to find a 5 star hotel these days that doesn't show signs of wear and tear. The bathroom was also large and modern, however the shower was over the bath (which I hate!) and the screen was only a foot wide so every time you showered water sprayed everywhere (lucky they change the sodden towels every day). Service was fine - friendly and helpful. Only problem arose upon checkout - there was an empty bottle of beer in the fridge when we arrived and we took it downstairs to ensure we wouldn't be charged for it - which we were assured we wouldn’t be. However a week after arriving home I found we had been and it took a phone call and an angry email to rectify the situation. Also the cheese in the mini-bar was several months out of date. All in all it was an excellent apartment hotel in the best location in Sydney for shopping and Darling Harbour. Will return.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>oceansd
<Content>Would not stay again On checking in we (7people)were offered a double room (for 4 people) (which we accepted without looking)+ the triple room that was already booked. However the room was not quite ready so we went away. On our return we were told that we could have the room for 4 people plus 1 room for 2 people plus a fold out. We told them this was unacceptable and to cut a very long story short we ended up okay in the room situation. However, we overheard them talking about us and complaining about certain members of our party. On one of the days two of our people were being picked up by a relative that had travelled 2 hours and when the person called for them at 8am they were told that there was nobody there by that name so this person went away for 1 1/2 hours and luckily came back just as the 2 people were outside looking for them. The shower did not work properly and I did mention about it- they said they would have it looked at, but it did not improve in the 5 days that we were there. The dishwasher did not work and the dishes in the cupboard on our arrival were very dirty. I think this hotel needs to do some serious work in the management area and PR area.No I would never stay there again and will not be recommending to my fellow colleagues. Was totally dissapointed and will advise my travel agent.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2004
<Rating>1	3	3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>atcer28
<Content>Good rooms, staff unhelpful Stayed here for a couple of nights June 2003. I was originally given a 1 bedroom apartment instead of the studio I booked but the apartment had a handicppaed bathroom with no bath so I changed back to the original studio. This was very small with just a bed, desk with chair and tiny kitchen area. The 1 bedroom apartment was huge and nicely furnished with washing machine and tumble dryer as well as a big kitchen with all equipment.The problem I had was that I stayed in June and the hotel had switched the heating on despite the weather being 20C. The air conditoning was switched off so you could not control the temperature of the rooms. My room was around 32C and the only way to cool it was to open the balcony door and then you couldn't sleep because of the noise!! When I complained to reception I was told basically that the heating was on so it was tough!! Not the best attitude!I would recommend this hotel in the summer when you can use the air conditioning but only the 1 bed apartment. A normal hotel room is much bigger than the studio for the same money.The location was excellent as you could walk to darling harbour, QVB and town hall train station in a couple of minutes. The restaurant delivery service was also a good idea but the brochure supplied was out of date as many restaurants in it were no longer part of the scheme.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the staff, especially the bellboy The hotel was OK...our room was rather small and the furniture were falling apart so I guess the rate wasn't really worth it. Although I'd have to say the staff were very lovely, especially one bellboy who made us all very welcome and at ease. The pool was small but elegant and I really admired the staffs attitude towards us.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>快適です   showReview(19171133, 'full');   
<Date>May 16, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

