<Author>PeggyGMinneapolis_MN
<Content>Charming and cozy, just what I like. I have stayed at the Canal House possibly 4 times in the past seven years and loved it each time.The dining room is just lovely and the breakfast was always more than adequate. We always like when the ladies that served us called us love, expecially the husbands liked it. .At present I am waitng to be able to book for Sept. 2009 and am quite worried that the remodel and new owners will price the Canal House out of my range.I have stayed at the Toren just a few door further up the street and after their remodel the price skyrocketed out of my league. This was my home away from home and I sure want to be able to return. The former staff couldn't be improved upon so I hope they take good advise and hire the same caliber of people.Here's hoping I can afford to come back and all is as charming and cozy as I remember.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Blob
<Content>Farewell Canal House, you'll be missed Stayed for 4 nights with my wife at the Canal House and found my perfect Amsterdam hotel - only to discover that it's been sold and shuts down for 9 months on 3rd May for a total refurbishment and all the staff have been laid off. No matter how much the new owners spend I can't imagine them improving on what we found as part of the charm of the place is that it has no airs and graces, is very relaxed and the staff, who we found all to be helpful  friendly,even though they would lose there jobs in a week,have been there years. We had a superior room with canal view which was quite a good size for Amsterdam as was the bathroom. Breakfast (included) was typical with fruit, breads, cheeses and cold meats and was always fresh  plentiful - even if arriving late. The various receptionists were always helpful. The small bar (manned by the receptionist) was handy to meet friends for a pre-dinner drink. The location is the best/quieiest I've stayed in Amsterdam. I've stayed at the Seven Bridges which is fine but this place beats it on location, room size and having the small bar/reception area where you can meet other guests. I'll probably give the 'new' hotel a try when it re-opens just because I loved the old one so much. If they have managed to improve on it, it will be fantastic.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>kazzavan
<Content>Wonderful Hotel like stepping back in time! It took us a while to find the hotel in the dark so I would recommend a good map, but it was certainly worth it! We had a lovely welcome despite it being late in the evening and from the moment we opened the substantial front door it was like stepping back into another age!Our room was furnished with beautiful antiques but despite feeling you were in a different century the fittings and fixtures were definitely 21st Century with a Villeroy Boch fitted bathroom suite, designer toiletteries and satellite TV in the room.The breakfast room again was elegantly fitted with a grand piano in the middle of the room and relaxing classical music playing - the choice was good for continental breakfast and was certainly a good start to the day.Would definitely recommend this hotel to couples looking for somewhere romantic, although I would be nervous of taking younger children with all the delicately balanced antiques!  
<Date>Apr 10, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	4	3	5	4	3	

<Author>nittynora
<Content>A Beautiful Hotel Just returned from the Canal House.Stayed for 3 nights in room 15 - a small but perfectly formed room,with floor to ceiling windows overlooking the canal. The bed and pillows were very comfortable and shower nice and hot.The hotel is full of nooks and crannies and antique furniture - the dining room is absolutely beautiful. Breakfasts were great particularly the coffee and madeira cake. Staff were very pleasant and helpful. Absolutely no complaints.A perfect hotel in the most beautiful part of Amsterdam  
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>verntern
<Content>Elegant little hotel The Canal House Hotel is an elegant, beautifully furnished, small hotel in an ideal part of central Amsterdam. Within easy walking distance for public transport and many tourist attractions, yet in a quiet canalside street. We were nicely welcomed and offered a choice of two rooms. Our room was clean and comfortable and overlooked the garden which must be delightful in the summer months. This hotel is certainly different from the usual large hotel chains with boxes pretending to be rooms!Criticisms? Yes, it was expensive for a three night stay. Especially as one of our nights was a Sunday when there were not many guests and it was the Winter season. No discounts were offered. Breakfast on the Saturday morning was reasonably fine when the hotel was busy and there were an adequate number of staff. Bowls of fruit straight out of a tin though? Fresh fruit doesn't cost so much more! The following two mornings went downhill for service and food running out. At our last breakfast I was continually visiting the kitchen to ask for things and almost donned an apron to get things moving! Canal House Hotel, if you are employing foreign workers give them more training in understanding what guests are asking for.Apart from that, a lovely experience to stay here and this hotel is recommended to anyone who wants something elegant, surprises around every corner in its decor and in the heart of Amsterdam.One other must do is to have dinner at the restaurant 'Lieve'. Just a short walk away. An amazing dining experience. Not to be missed! We loved every minute!  
<Date>Mar 1, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	5	4	3	5	

<Author>kingkelly77
<Content>Fantastic Hotel, great location The Hotel is set on one of the beautiful canals about 10minutes from Central Station. The two scottish ladies (i think they were scottish) couldn't have been more helpful. I had a lovely double room, very spacious with flat screen TV and a huge white marble bathroom (room 19). Breakfast was served in the most amazing lounge, very smartly laid out with grand piano taking centre stage. I wasnt offered a cooked breakfast but i was more than happy with the buffet selection on offer. Great hotel, great location and very friendly staff.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>auDubon331
<Content>Charming and Delightful My husband and I, older travelers, stayed at the Canal House for a week in October. We prefer hotels with some personality as opposed to the sterile, impersonal atmosphere of the large chains. The Canal House was perfect. The staff was accommodating and friendly, the breakfast (and the breakfast room!) was marvelous. Our room was large, comfortable and overlooked the garden. The location is within walking distance of almost everything we wanted to see in Amsterdam. I would highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>EC_Traveller
<Content>A Nice Basic Hotel       Canal House Room  
<Date>Nov 23, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>fabio_rio
<Content>would stay again! I stayed at Canal House with my wife for 4 nights in Oct, 07. The location is superb, and I definitely recommend the rooms facing the canal. No TV, no minibar. The TV? Why a TV if you are in Amsterdam? The minibar? Well, it would be welcome. Nice breakfast room, food at breakfast just OK, but above average comparing to other similar places in Europe. Paid 187 euros a night and would surely come back!  
<Date>Nov 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	4	4	4	

<Author>halcyon_days
<Content>Charming place to stay in good location My husband and I have been to Amsterdam many times for business and short breaks. This was our first stay at this hotel and we were not disappointed. The location is convenient, views from the rooms over the canal were lovely, breakfast excellent.Free wifi, hairdryer, small desk area. Rooms were not very large and small storage space but good for short break. They do have one lift but bear in mind it is a traditional canalhouse, getting to some rooms involve walking upstairs with luggage as the lift does not go to all sections of the house.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	5	3	3	3	3	

<Author>BowenLinda
<Content>Good Hotel in Great Location My husband and I stayed at this hotel for four nights in October on our first visit to Amsterdam. After exploring Amsterdam we felt the hotel's location in the Jordaan was the best locale for us: quiet, great architecture, terrific bars and restaurants close by and very much an Amsterdamer neighbourhood. We walked everywhere.We had room #14 on the third floor overlooking the Keizersgracht canal. Nightly charge was E150. Brick walls, beamed ceiling, 1 set of French doors and another door opening over the canal (no balcony). Marble bathroom with enclosed shower, comfortable bed, all in all a lovely room. Note: steeeeep stairs! The elevator did not go to our floor so if a visitor had mobility issues, this is not the room for her.A modest quibble: this is a three star hotel yet did not have a bar fridge.We really enjoyed this hotel and would stay there again.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>AlanLee
<Content>Some small problems ! It is with some regret that I write this review. I have stayed at the Canal House 6 times in the past 10 years- the rooms are great (well the ones that I always request are). Housekeeping can be hit and miss - for 2 days running the shower gel was not replaced. I had to ask reception to replace it (exactly the same thing happened last year). The bath mat was taken away and not replaced, I had to ask reception before it was brought back. Reception staff - Janice you are great, however, the lady with the long ginger hair is extremely aloof. If you are bored by being asked the same question 1000 times then you really should think about changing jobs, we were not rude to you and you were not rude to us but your body language said everything. Mary (she is the owner) please please take note even my partner noticed the above and commented that maybe we should consider staying elsewhere next year. This comment is coming from one of your regular clients so it really is in your interest to iron these problems out.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2007
<Rating>3	2	4	5	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>Anonymous001
<Content>Good Location The Canal House has a great location - it was easy to walk to all the places that we wanted to see or to grab quick transportation. As you might guess, it's right along the canals. It's in a nice neighborhood with some unique shops and restaurants nearby. As for the hotel itself, it has alot of antique-decor. The room we had was very small for two people to negotiate. I thought it was a nice place to stay and charming, but probably would choose to stay somewhere a little more hip next time.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	5	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>MNNMichigan
<Content>Enhanced my Amsterdam experience This hotel was amazing! Just walking into the reception and breakfast room is enchanting. The service was friendly and excellent. The room was spotless (and we have high standards!) and comfortable. The people at the front desk were very helpful and offered many suggestions. I would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>MalibuCastoway
<Content>Absolutely Loved the Canal House! Centrally located, friendly, helpful staff, clean, LOVED THE MORNING BREAKFASTS overlooking the garden. Hope to stay there again someday...  
<Date>Jul 20, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>HappyWanderer73
<Content>Character, charm, friendliness - and antiques. My wife and I stayed at the Canal House Hotel on Keizergracht for 5 nights in June and we can truthfully say that every aspect of our time there was a pleasure. It is in a quiet location yet only minutes from most things you are likely to want to visit. The rooms are all very individual - ours was at the top of the building with a splendidly refurbished bathroom, lots of antiques and easy chairs in which to relax. The whole place has charm and old-world style in abundance.Breakfast (a buffet including fruits, cold meats, cheeses and a variety of breads) is taken in a stately room full of atmosphere and overlooking the gardens. Wonderful! There is also an intimate bar (where you can check your e-mails if you must on the communal computer).The staff were universally great. Receptionists were constantly there with advice and help - and happy to make calls for us if needed. They could not have been more welcoming.Perhaps the only warning is that, even with the lift, there can be occasional stairs to negotiate.Overall - highly recommended for those seeking peace and quiet in a friendly atmosphere.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>monarchtravel
<Content>Charming Stay on the Canal My family of three loved The Canal House Hotel. What a charming placeto stay and a wonderful change from the large chain hotels! We had a large triple room with newly remodeled bathroom which included a large tub and free standing shower. Lovely view over the gardens which was extremely quiet and ideal for sleeping. Great location within walking distance of anywhere we wanted to go including great pubs and restaurants, yet off the noisy main streets. I wouldn't stayany where else while in Amsterdam. My only issue might be that the carpet in our room should be replaced to make it a top notch room.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	3	5	4	

<Author>BryanLondon
<Content>Old-world elegance       The breakfast room  
<Date>Jun 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>friendsreunited
<Content>Lovely Friendly Hotel  We loved the Canal House, great location but without the noise. Lovely welcome from charming owners, Brian and Mary, and all the staff were very helpful when we needed any info. Took their advice re restaurants and we were not disappointed. Pretty double room overlooking garden with newly fitted bathroom. We were on the second floor so the lift was a bonus especially when we arrived with our luggage. In the past I've stayed in Amsterdam hotels without a lift and I know it isn't fun lugging suitcases up two or three steep flights of stairs. Gorgeous breakfast room and intimate bar which was great for a nightcap after dinner.Would definitely recommend it.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ThinkSo
<Content>Charming, great location, will go back I found this hotel to be a very charming place to stay. Our room was a nice size, and both very comfortable and very clean, and wonderfully decorated.The location of the hotel is excellent - a short stroll from the city centre, and just down the canal from the Anne Frank House.The people who work there are friendly and helpful, and kindly recommended restaurants, hair-dresser and places to go out.Having stayed in a number of places in Amsterdam, this is the one I go back to.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>chrisbiv
<Content>Great location!!       Hotel is the black building.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>llacour
<Content>Loved it! My husband and I stayed here for three nights and loved every minute of it. When I booked the room, they informed me the only room they had was with two single beds that they could put together facing the garden. I asked if they would please try and get us a canal view room and to our surprise we got one! The room was small and a little hard to get too (although that was part of the fun, especially after a night of eating, drinking and smoking) but it was perfect and made us feel like we were really getting the Amsterdam experience. The bed was very comfortable and bathroom was a nice size.My favorite part about the hotel was the location. It was in our favorite part of Amsterdam - a residential area away from Dam square. There were tons of amazing shop, restaurants and bars throughout the neighborhood. I would recommend the Greek restaurant right around the corner. So fun!Would definitely stay there again!  
<Date>Feb 28, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Chris39
<Content>Practically Perfect Stayed here last week for 4 nights with family and friends. Booked this hotel after reading reviews on Trip Advisor. Afterwards slightly concerned that it would feel old and musty - I need'nt have worried. A warm friendly and inviting hotel in a wonderful location. We had 2 small double rooms (1415)overlooking the canal, daughters in one and husband and I in other. Girls were worried about it feeling 'creepy', but after first night they felt very at home and safe as the rooms were so close together with no others nearby. Our friends had a fabulous large triple room looking over the back, room 19 and with a tv which pleased their 14 year old son. Looked forward every morning to breakfast in elegant breakfast room. Very friendly staff, nothing too much trouble.Hotel is convenient for good restaurants. Asked hotel for recommendations and was given a list. Our favourite was 'De Regeur' an old brown bar with bistro type feel. Cosy and candlelit. Food mid-range price and beautifully presented. Also ate at Belgian restaurant Leve (sp?), which was good. Liked the brown bar next door to this restaurant too.One of the hightlights of our stay was the Heineken Experience. Children loved it! Lots of interactive things to do including making a hilarious video of yourselves on a boat on a canal miming to 'tulips from Amsterdam', which you can e-mail to your delighted friends! Obviously did all the museums including the Anne Frank House which was very moving. Large queues all day for this. We recommend getting there by opening time at 9 o'clock at least which is fairly easy as it is only a 3 minute walk from hotel. Bicyle tour was a good trip. We chose the 'Yellow Bike' company. Beware that there is no time to get accustomed to bike before the tour guide is off crossing lanes of traffic and tram lines. If you pedal backwards then the break is activated (also one on handlebar). My 11 year old daughter could not get the hang of this straight away and was left behind with her father. Tour Guide did'nt even notice he was 2 missing! Did'nt see them until end of the 3 hour trip. Back to the Canal House. I would also mention the friendly and helpful reception staff. Cosy bar just off reception where there is a computer with free internet access. We were really sorry to leave, especially as our next stop was a large Novotel in Brussels.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Old New Orleans Boy
<Content>It all depends My wife absolutely loved the hotel and it's furnishings, etc. I was not as impressed.Only had breakfast once because of very early departure on third day, but upon request, staff made us a couple of sandwiches which were good. Our one breakfast was fine in a beautiful room; the high point of the hotel.Our room was spacious (even by US standards) with a lovely view out over the back garden. It was clean, quiet and everything worked fine.The front desk folks were variable. We had one good restautant recommendation (2 Greeks?--if you like lots of basic, tasty food). On the second night a request for another restaurant recommendation produced only-- there is a list on the wall over there.Cab they called for a 5:15 AM departure was on time and fine.Location excellent. Can walk to most any place, also near trolley, buses etc.One caution, some higher floor rooms will require you to lug your bag up steps. Be forewarned.All in all, I sort of felt I was staying in my Grandmother's old boarding house with a few upgrades.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>susanna1875
<Content>two different views We stayed here Sept 6 and 7. We had a top floor room, without a view of nothing in particular, big bathroom, nice and clean. It was one of the quietest rooms I have stayed in in Europe. Our friends stayed for one night, in a room overlooking the gardens and they heard the church bells all night and didn't get a good nights rest, also their bed was extremely hard. I thought that I would just post both of our experiences since you really can have different things in different rooms.I really liked the hotel, nice staff, fab location, I'd stay again. I thought that the price was reasonable for Amsterdam @ 170E.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NWOnt.
<Content>very charming, great location At the Canalhouse Hotel on Keizersgracht, you won鈥檛 find an air conditioner, safe, television or mini-fridge in your guest room. However, you will receive a fan, use of the safe at the reception, and ice from the lobby bar (no charge for any of these), as well as character, charm and antiques in abundance everywhere in the hotel. The location is excellent: walking distance everywhere, and we loved the evening glow on the canal from the setting sun. Our room (#19 which faced the rear of the hotel) was very large and bright, and included two massive windows, wing-back style couch and chair, and an antique desk. We enjoyed listening to the frequent ringing of the carillon from the nearby Westerkerk (church) and birds singing. Our favourite restaurants included the Pancake Bakery for excellent pannekoekens (crepes) and poffertjes (tiny pancakes), Haesje Claes and Keuken Van for traditional food, Kantijl en de Tijger for rijsttafel (Indonesian food with a minimum of 11 courses), and Patisserie Pompadour (the Huidenstraat 12 location) for exquisite chocolates and tostis (grilled cheese sandwiches). We also enjoyed smoked eel and vlaamse frites (french fries) with mayo from the street vendors. The Albert Hein supermarket has the best chocolate bars and speculaas (gingerbread cookies) which make unique souvenirs for family and friends back home.For attractions, we recommend the Bloemenmarkt (floating flower market) for a variety of gorgeous flowers (our trip was in June 2006); the Rijksmuseum; the Saturday antique market at the Noorderkerk (church); walking the charming elm-lined canals in the Jordaan district (where our hotel is located) and browsing through the antique, book, and bakery shops; and for something different, a quick jaunt through the Red Light District.We took day trips by train to Alkmaar and Delft. The weekly (Friday) cheese market in Alkmaar is rather 鈥渟taged鈥? If you are interested in pottery, a visit to the DePorceleyne Fles (a factory) and the Lambert Van Meerten Museum in Delft are highly recommended. We enjoyed our day trip by bus to Marken and Volendam: the short ferry ride between these two small towns was relaxing, especially in the hot weather. During all these trips, we enjoyed the scenery of green pastures with grazing cows and sheep, the narrow canals, the occasional windmill, and people鈥檚 immaculate looking homes with tiny, charming front-yard gardens and orange banners in support of the country鈥檚 participation in the world soccer games. We thoroughly enjoyed our one week trip in Amsterdam and the Canalhouse Hotel.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	3	4	4	

<Author>ProDiver
<Content>Not recommended at all Just returned from four nights at the Canal House, and I wish we had moved on after first seeing the rooms. Two of us had a double on the first floor, one of us had a single on the second. In both cases, the housekeeping was absolutley negligent--I have seen cleaner bathrooms on an airplane; carpets were filthy, and I wouldn't even want to think about the blankets! We asked to have the bath cleaned one afternoon, and that consisted of only replacing the towels. The staff seems to split housekeeping, front desk and breakfast room duty and there was not much interest in doing any one job particularly well. When we asked for kleenex, the girl at the front desk said they were out, and would I mind using a napkin?! Breakfast (included) was precisely the same every morning--boring bread, dull cheese etc. but atleast the hard boiled eggs were warm and fresh. Neighborhood is very nice--lots of good cafes, restaurants and shops around; also within walking distance to much of what you might want to visit. Public rooms in the hotel are pleasant, which is a very good thing. Believe me, we did not want to kill any time in our nasty bedrooms! Note: There is no staff at the hotel in the nighttime: in an emergency, phone calls to the hotel go to an answering machine which is checked at 7:00 in the morning.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	2	1	2	

<Author>valaamot
<Content>Luxury at budget price My 12-year old son and I recently had a short stay at the Canal House. It was everything I had read about and more. We had a beautiful, spacious room (#24) overlooking a canal. It was very quiet (no TV, not missed) and private, with very comfortable beds.Breakfast included fresh, delicious fruit, wonderful breads, cheeses and meats, and pots of good coffee or hot chocolate. The staff was so gracious and accomodating--we were treated like royalty. The decor is absolutely stunning. The Canal House would be just as appropriate for a romantic getaway as it was for my family vacation.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>alaskagirl
<Content>Quiet and Relaxing We stayed at the Canal House for the last two days of our European vacation. The hotel staff were very helpful in a calm and reserved sort of way. The room was spacious by European standards and the bathroom quaint with a hand held shower head and a large bathtub. Our room had a fabulous raised beam ceiling and a regional view (rooftops). We paid 170 Euro a night which was high, but not outrageous for this gem of a place. I would recommend the hotel for couples as it has a high ambiance factor. I could see having a romantic getaway here though I was with a girlfriend. The other guests we met were mostly Americans, some families. We brought trays with breads, meats, cheeses, cereal, soft boiled eggs and fruit back to our room instead of eating in the pretty breakfast room. Breakfast was included in the price of the room and was beautifully presented and tasty. I would stay at the Canal House again.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>cailin-11
<Content>What a find! We were delighted with the Canal House Hotel. We stayed just for one night as a stopover en route to Africa but we loved the hotel. When we arrived we were given a choice of room (either a canal view room or a larger room at the back of the hotel). We chose the larger room overlooking the garden. It was beautifully furnished and was very comfortable. The hotel is gorgeous and is a nice refreshing change from the standard hotel room that has become far too common. It has lovely character. We will definitely be planning a return visit.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>20 years of excellence How often can you say that a hotel gives the same excellent standards when your visits are 20 years apart ? OK so maybe a 20 year gap is a bit unusual but in our case both trips were for very special reasons.  The first, 20 years ago in April 1986 for our honeymoon. In those days we really couldn't afford much but having decided on taking out a small loan, my husband surprised me with a trip to the Canal House the day after we got married. It's true ladies, the romantic fellas still exist, honest. A limo picked us up from the airport (another surprise)  whisked us off to the Kaisergracht where we were met with a very warm welcome from our American hosts. Elegance, friendly smiles, lots of laughs  wonderful service kept the place high on our list of fond memories. 20 years later,in April 2006, we decided to celebrate our 20th anniversary with a return trip. This time, money was not so tight so we could afford to really relax  enjoy the Canal House experience to its full extent. We utilised the services of the recommended driver, Mario (an excellent choice) to collect us at the airport  arranged for him to take us back on the last day too. It felt so good to be back. To see the hotel had changed so little in it's elegant  timeless decor, with the gilt  marble still there, was a wonderful nostalgia trip. The new owners have ensured that the same warmth  friendship greets all guests  we instantly felt relaxed  welcome. The hotel has since been extended so we had a large airy room with the trademark traditional decor that helped us feel as though we were in a typically dutch home. The staff make a point of being helpful  we were always greeted with a smile from breakfast to evenings. Having travelled quite a lot in the past 20 years, in our opinion, the Canal House offers a standard of comfort that you would be hard pushed to find elsewhere for the money. We both look forward to visiting again as soon as we can for short breaks  to catch up with everyone there, including the cat !  
<Date>May 23, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Brian Q.
<Content>Full of Original Character Only stayed 1 night for a weekend break but excellent welcome on arrival at 10am.Able to leave bags at reception whilst going for 1st walkabout.Their advert says living in the 17th Century and they have certainly retained that feeling with furnishings etc.Staff all very friendly  helpful.We had room 14a on 2nd floor overlooking canal but high enough to be away from road noise.Beamed ceilings  brilliant view.There is a lift as far as 2nd floor (not to attic room) but you still have to use a few stairs to most rooms.Pricey but has good Quality.Would go there again.  
<Date>May 15, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Expensive but worth it. My husband and I stayed here last October. We didn't intend paying 150 Euros per night (though you can't find many decent hotels in Amsterdam for much less), but were swayed by the positive reviews of other Trip Advisor Members.We stayed in a room overlooking the garden which was warm, clean and quiet.The staff were very friendly and helpful and the buffet breakfast was pretty good too. That breakfast room is just fantastic!The location is pretty good, with ample parking spots for bicycles (I really recommend hiring a bike to tour the city. It's the fastest, cheapest and most thrilling way to see this glorious city).If you don't mind the steep price I unhesitantly recommend this hotel for your stay.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>KCBostonUSA
<Content>Home to the Renaissance       me, in front of Canal House  
<Date>Mar 31, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>KCBostonUSA
<Content>Home to the Renaissance       What Holland is known for  
<Date>Mar 30, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Magic in Amsterdam I love Amsterdam.One of the things I love most is the Canalhouse.I have tried three other hotels but after staying at the Canalhouse I would never stay any place else.In the past three years I have stayed there four times.It is a beautiful old canalhouse in the most beautiful area.What makes it extra special are the people who work there.They are all so friendly,warm and helpful.I love waking up and going downstairs to the beautiful breakfast room looking out on the garden.The food is delicious and the pots of hot coffee and tea always a great way to start my day.I am always greeted with the warmest and sincerest goodmornings.All of the people at the front desk are so sweet and helpful with any questions I might have or help I might need with anything.I have traveled alot in Asia,North and South America and Europe and I can honestly say that the Canalhose is a Very Special place to stay.I always recommend it to my friends.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>weavil
<Content>bitterly disapointedby canal house Tired busy parents of young children ,we planned with care our weekend break in amsterdam,the extraordinarly highly recommended canal house was available we were delighted .Our experience was marred by an extremly noisy canal side room awake all night!We requested a room change nonchalantly recieved and done we retuned sat pm to a hideous room in the attic where the booming church clock woke us every 15 mins throuh the night.NO one enquired as to whether, we were now more comfortable ,breakfast was mediocre coffee weak and luke warm.We were leaving early on monday i.e 7ish we were offered nothing by way of refreshment .Rooms are supposed to be priced individually! So on leaving we had a very sour feeling as the rate we had agreed on booking was disputed we paid alot more.Staff are relying on the splendid location and preservation issues aside the decor is tired and uncomfortable as we were on departure  
<Date>Jan 26, 2006
<Rating>1	3	2	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>romaboots
<Content>Old World Elegance in Amsterdam We stayed at the Canal House in Sept. 2002 and are planning on returning in June 2005. This is a beautiful, old world hotel with lovely rooms. We had an upper floor room overlooking the canal with a spacious sitting area, large bathroom and comfortable queen size bed. At night, we laid in bed and watched the full moon and cloud formations. The hotel has a charming bar where we enjoyed appertifs and the breakfast room is elegant with a grand piano and overlooks a nice garden. The food was an excellent way to start the day. The service was superb and the hotel is centrally located so we walked everywhere and enjoyed the sights, shops and coffe shops. The staff provided us with excellent restaurant recommendations and we enjoyed Indonesian and other fine restaurants within easy walking distance of the hotel. We highly recommend the Canal House and advise asking for a room on the canal side as the views really made our stay memorable.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I hated to leave the Canal House! At the end of our 4 night stay we hated to leave the Canal House Hotel. It's an amazing place for anyone who wants to really experience the ambiance of Amsterdam. If you prefer a hotel room that could be in any old city, then stay away. We stayed in Room 8, on the top floor facing the canal and loved it. The room was large enough and had tons of storage. Best of all, the windows ran along one side of the bed and we could open them at night and look out onto the canal. I would definitley pay the extra and get the canal view. Worth every penney. Our bathroom was quite large, and very clean. Breakfast is included and they have a nice selection and amazing staff. I think it's one of the best hotels I have ever stayed in - top marks for the quirky rooms with loads of character, traditional winding staircases, excellent food, and charming staff. Stay here and really feel what Amsterdam is. Or stay at a cube hotel and miss out on the whole thing!  
<Date>Nov 16, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Jhouston1971
<Content>location is key I would have liked this hotel better if I'd had a room above the 1st level. We faced the canal, but the level of the hotel room was only about 4'-5' higher than the street. Because it was warm, we kept the windows open and were therefore subjected to some noise from the street. And it didn't feel as private as what a room on an upper floor would have. Therefore, I would recommend making sure you get a room above the 2nd level facing the canal. I think the location is this hotel's greatest draw, on a terrific canal and adjacent to the Jordaan, which I find to be Amsterdam's most desirable area. The rooms are basic - don't expect luxury. And you won't find tv's or air conditioning. The breakfasts are a nice way to start the day and the staff is friendly and accomodating. I'd stay here again, but with a room on a higher level.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Lyb
<Content>Elegant, great service and perfect location!!       Hotel from street  
<Date>Oct 23, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Charming Hotel in Perfect Location! My husband and I stayed at Canal House for five days in the spring of this year.The hotel was one of the highlights of our stay in Amsterdam. The ambience was perfect - very charming, personable staff, and well-appointed decor. We stayed in a small upstairs room overlooking the rooftoops of the city. The room was quaint, clean, and nicely decorated. The bathroom was larger than we expected with a bathtub. We bought some tulips at the flower market and were pleased to find a glass pitcher in the room to use as a vase, which brightened up the space. The room was very quiet and timeless. The only sounds we heard were the melody of the local church bells serenading us to sleep and adding to the charm.Breakfast was a wonderful affair we looked forward to each morning. The breakfast room is beautiful, bright and relaxed, and the buffet selection is one of the best I've seen in a European hotel of this class. The waitstaff were very pleasant and efficient.The bar is small, but cozy, with a lovely selection of local guidebooks -- not a place to spend the evening, but perfect for a drink before heading out, or to meet fellow travelers. We took a glass of wine each evening in the bar before going to dinner. The hotel posts a list of recommended area restaurants and the staff booked all of our reservations. We were not disappointed with any we tried and particularly recommend the Indonesian restaurant -- our favorite dinner during our stay!The staff was very helpful. We wanted to take a day excursion to the countryside and the hotel staff member on duty spent a lot of time helping us decide where to go and suggesting places to see. She also allowed us to borrow one of the hotel's many guidebooks for our trip.The location could not have been better. It is on a canal in a very quiet, but beautiful location and easily within walking distance or a short tram ride to all the museums and sites. There are canal bus stops nearby as well - one across the canal at the square and the other by the Anna Frank House. We wandered around the neighborhood on foot and really enjoyed seeing a quieter side of the city. We absolutely loved our stay! This is not a hotel for those who want luxurious, modern or American-style amenities. As one reviewer commented, the bathtub does not have a shower curtain -- but that is because this is a European style hotel and, after all, is in Europe. You will not find large modern rooms, televisions, coffee pots and mini-bars, or be in the heart of Amsterdam night life. But, that is precisely what we liked about it - peaceful and historic ambience. My husband's only complaint was that the crowd was older (we are in our late 20's), but I preferred the less rowdy company. Canal House has old-world charm, character and a peaceful ambience, in a quiet but convenient location and is reasonable for what it offers. If that is what you are looking for, I recommend it without hesitation.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>sohersu
<Content>Staying at your granny's       room number 6  
<Date>Sep 19, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>OliverTatom
<Content>True Amsterdam First, bear in mind this is a 3-star hotel - NOT a five-star hotel. And it is in the historic quarter of a very historic city, not downtown of an American metropolis. People looking for a modern, spacious, 5-star hotel should stay elsewhere and be prepared to spend the money for it. But for anyone looking for something unique and charming, the canal house is a sure bet. My wife and I recently stayed a few nights there on a tour of Europe, and it was by far our favorite hotel of the trip. The staff was incredibly friendly, the room was spacious, and the common rooms are simply gorgeous. The location is within convenient walking distance of everything from Central Station to the Rijksmuseum, yet removed from the seedy areas near the red-light district. The shower does leave something to be desired, but my wife was actually thrilled to discover a good sized bathtub in a european hotel. For the best experience, I highly recommend paying extra for the canal view. Simply magical!  
<Date>Sep 15, 2005
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>mm2003
<Content>Mixed blessings       Canal House Lobby Bar  
<Date>Jul 22, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>GaryThomas
<Content>Fantastic I've stayed here maybe 5 or 6 times and I love it. No two rooms are the same. The breakfast room is wonderful, the bar is somewhere you actually might want to have a drink in, and the location great.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location - Tired room. Booked a night while we waited for our houseboat to become available. The staff was very helpful and friendly. the location was excellent. We loved the proximity to the charming Jordaan neighborhood. Great nearby restaurants! We were at the Ann Frank House as it opened - a good thing, as it is small and not air-conditioned (but worth every moment).Our bedroom was quite large, but more than a little tired. The bathroom was small and depressing. The glories of this hotel are the public rooms. The large and beautiful parlor took me to another era. The bar was charming. The view of the rear garden was delightful. I would stay in this neighborhood again, but I think I might go up one more star to get a more updated facility.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2005
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>marywoodall
<Content>Can't Wait to Return       Canal House room  
<Date>Jul 3, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>An Absolute Treasure I have stayed at Canal House twice and absolutely love it. Yes - the corridors are narrow, Yes - there are some stairs to haul cases up... but you are staying in an authentic canal house, not a purpose-built concrete block!Check out the website or page 195 of 'Hip Hotels Budget' to get the flavour of this wonderful hotel, altho I completely agree with the reviewer from Bonn (April 13 '05 Olde Worlde Opulance...) - it might be too quaint for some and isn't exactly hip. However I just loved being surrounded by the antiques and beautiful decor.My only negative comment would be how much the rooms seem to vary. Nine front rooms overlook the Canal, luckily I knew to request one. I think the ten rooms overlooking the back garden may miss the whole point so be sure to book well ahead. My room (sorry, I forget the number) was on the 1st or 2nd floor and was VERY spacious. The attic rooms will be a bit more cramped as some commented here.I reckon your room here makes all the difference to your stay. I love Canal House because I have always had a great room. MAKE SURE YOU BOOK A FRONT ROOM, PREFERABLY NOT IN THE ATTIC AND YOU'LL LOVE IT TOO!  
<Date>Jun 10, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Anne011
<Content>Don't understand the hype After reading all the great reviews about this hotel we were unpleasantly surprised to find it so below par. Even for an old hotel the rooms were incredibly noisy -- you could hear the entire conversations of folks in the next room; the bed was so soft and lumpy that it was hard to sleep; the rooms were smoky; and the staff didn't seem very knowledgeable about tourist opportunities in Amsterdam, such as museum discounts. All the staff were extremely pleasant and cordial, and the place certainly had a certain charm, but we wouldn't stay here again. The location is ideal, though -- very centrally located and with lots of cafes and shops in the areas. I will say that which room you get does seem to make a difference, so it does pay to ask about other rooms if yours is not to your liking.  
<Date>May 27, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>EugeneQueen
<Content>Quintessential Amsterdam Experience We stayed at the Canal House for 5 night in April, 2005. This was my fourth trip to Amsterdam, and my second stay at the Canal House, and I would never stay in a big hotel. The small hotel experience with a canal location is particularly perfect in Amsterdam. The views from the canal front rooms are wonderful, the beds are comfortable and the furniture in character with the kind of hotel that it is.The Crown Jewel of the hotel is the breakfast room and the staff who attend it. The food is very good, as is the service and the ambience of the room. We were in the bar area most evenings for a glass of wine and just enjoyed the common area. It gave us an opportunity to talk with other travelers.There can be stairs involved to get to your room and they are extremely steep. If this would be a problem for you, it would be good to discuss this at the time of booking.Will we stay there again ---- Yes!!!  
<Date>May 18, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>suzbailey
<Content>Charming! We picked this hotel based on the reviews here for our 2 night stay in early May 2005 and we were not disappointed. We had room #11, which was difficult to reach down small spiral stairs and was a bit worn, but I suppose that is part of the charm of this lovely bed and breakfast. We had a view of the canal and enjoyed watching boats pass by. The breakfast room is beautifully decorated and the staff was friendly and helpful. Don't miss the Pancake Bakery around the corner!  
<Date>May 16, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just love it We stayed in this so lovely hotel for 4 nights and I can't find the words to express my admiration. Great location, great rooms, personnel and everyting around even if you don't have canal view room (we didn't). I don't understand someone's regrets: no TV or teamaker... Who is missing TV in such amazing place as Amsterdam is?I recommend this hotel honestly as I chose it only reading other people's reviews on this website.One more suggestion: Tripadvisor's rate is two stars while the hotel is three-star.J.  
<Date>May 16, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>longbeachrover
<Content>Good Base for Touring We agree with what other travelers have to say about this wonderful hotel. We had a beautiful room on the ground floor facing the canal. The bathroom was very modern, although the shower head is high and can not be adjusted. No TV or coffee facilities. But the ambiance and the location is great. The staff was also helpful and they have plenty of suggestions for where to eat.We particularly enjoyed the following: De Bak, De Prins, and Spanger  Van Twist. They are all very close to the hotel.We stayed six days and used the hotel as a base to visit other cities by train. It was very convenient to get to the Central Station. We also booked one tour through the hotel to the Red Light District. It was worth the money. A lot of valuable information was given by the guide.During our stay, my husband became ill and we needed a doctor. The doctor wanted to be paid in cash and we did not have the funds in euros to pay him. Without any trouble, the hotel advanced us the funds we needed to pay the doctor and just noted the amount on our bill which we paid back the next day. It is this kind of thoughtful service that makes you remember a hotel with a warm glow!  
<Date>May 14, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>MKKim
<Content>Very friendly and close to everything We stayed here at the end of April and had a fantastic time.The hotel is close to the tram stop at Westepark and Anne Frank's House.The rooms are very pretty although there are no tea  coffee making facilities which would be handy.There is also no TV - bear this in mind if you like to keep in touch with the news etc.The breakfast was very nice - buffet style with lots of choice and the staff were friendly.We can thoroughly recommend this hotel if you want somewhere a little different from the usual chain hotels.  
<Date>May 5, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>theoriginalsid
<Content>olde worlde opulence I have stayed at the Canal House twice and love it but have to concede that it is an acquired taste. It isn't cheap but is a truly special place to stay -- like taking a stroll back in time. The location is perfect, on a quiet canal, near all the sights (Dam square, Ann Frank house etc) and near the Jordaan area which is chock-full of excellent bars and restaurants. Do not stay there if you want a minibar, a TV in your room, 24-hr room service, breakfast in bed etc as you won't get it. It is a very atmospheric place to sleep but not good for much else -- this isn't a criticism, just a statement of fact. Breakfast is fairly standard European: bread and cold cuts or cheese, cereals, croissants, boiled eggs and (tinned) fruit. The breakfast room ambience is amazing though. Staff are very helpful and attentive, as are the owners and receptionist.There is one lift and the corridors are very windy and twisty and the staircases VERY steep so anyone who is 'mobility-impaired' would have a big problem. The rooms I've had have both been full of antiques and had four-poster beds but are not modern -- as I said no TV though a radio. Bathrooms are a bit tired with 70s tiled decor (half-size bathtub) but are more than adequate. The bar is not a place to while away the hours -- not enough seating for more than two groups, closes at 22.30 -- more somewhere to grab a glass of wine or a beer before going out and yes, it is a bit chintzy but heck, you have the whole of the city to choose from .Make sure you settle your bill in cash to qualify for the 5% discount and to help them with their cashflow. This review may sound a bit negative it isn't intended to be so; it is simply to prevent you going with the wrong expectations since the CH's recent billing as a HIP HOTEL might make it appeal to the wrong crowd, which would be a pity for those of us who are the 'right' crowd.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect for a romantic weekend away Having been to Amsterdam a number of times before, we decided to stay somewhere a little more grown-up and this wonderful hotel fit the bill. The location is excellent - just down the canal from the Anne Frank house, on tramlines, and a short walk from Dam Square.The staff were friendly and helpful. I was looking for a hairdresser appointment, and the girl at the reception desk phoned a number of places to find me an appointment. There is a list of recommended local restaurants, and the staff will provide additional information on any. We tried a few, and were happy with each.The hotel itself has old-world charm, that seems very authentic - an airy, open, warm breakfast room, a cosy, friendly bar and wonderful, romantic, individually styled rooms.I'll be back!  
<Date>Mar 18, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Sanctuary in a City My husband and I recently stayed at The Canal House. First, we loved the location. The canals are beautiful - day or night. The area was quiet and lovely at night. The interior of the hotel is lovely and the staff there was very friendly, helpful, warm and welcoming. Our room was on the garden side and aside from being clean, it was roomy and sweetly decorated. The bathroom was very nice as well. The only addition I would have liked is bedside lamps for reading. The breakfast was lovely, plenty of delicious food and the diningroom was very beautiful. We'll absolutely return to The Canal House.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Highly Recommended! What a perfect place to begin our trip to Europe. The people at Canal House were gracious, helpful and polite. We had wanted one of the larger rooms did not book far enough in advance. Despite being one of the smaller, it was still wonderful, clean and very livable. We enjoyed the breakfasts - what a great way to start the day. And then the folks at the front desk pointed us in the right direction. Highly recommended!  
<Date>Nov 15, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>turtlez
<Content>Great location, but room a bit 'tired' After reading many great things about the Canal House we decided it was the place for us on our recent visit to Amsterdam. The hotel has a great location, the antique furnishings are wonderful to look at, and the staff was very helpful and friendly. We had a lovely view, since our room faced the canal. But all-in-all I would have to say that we were expecting more for our Euros (the room was not cheap). Our room was small and we had to take care not to hit our heads on the sloping beams (which were charming, but difficult to maneuver around) while trying not to trip over the bed. The carpet was thin and spotted. The bed was a small double and we had no space for our luggage. The bathroom was also small with a sloping ceiling, making it difficult to stand upright in the shower (which had moldy grout and odd wooden swinging doors). The towels were thin (one was torn) and the toilet took at least 30 minutes to refill. It just looked like the room had seen better days and needed an update. Many people have commented about the breakfasts. Yes, the room it is served in is beautiful, but the food is only average, both in quality and variety. Would we stay there again? Probably not, as there seem to be many other small canal house hotels to try in the area.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2004
<Rating>4	3	2	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>PerpetualTraveller
<Content>Fantastic! This would have to be one of the most charming hotels we have stayed at. I stayed at Canal House some 20 years ago with my parents on a trip to Amsterdam and coming back again this month was like a trip down memory lane. The hotel has retained the same charm and cosiness.The room was very spacious with a view of the garden at the rear of the hotel. The room and bathroom was well appointed and comfortable. The rooms do not have TVs which was not missed.The breakfast spread was generous and the quality of food excellent. The staff were extremely courteous and attentive. The ambience of the grand old room was a good start to a day of touring around the city.In room tea and coffee making facilities including a small fridge would have been appreciated but this should not deter anyone from making a reservation.Having stayed at this hotel two times over so many years I would not hesitate staying there on future visits to Amsterdam. I am surprised that some contributors were disappointed with the hotel, however it is no secret the hotel is old and this is part of the charm of staying there.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2004
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Unspoilt 200 year old Amsterdam Houses A great hotel. Absolutely nothing bad to say about it. Excellent staff from the receptionists to the waitresses at breakfast. Just the right distance from the city centre and near Anna Frank's House.We can't wait to stay again in a few years time  
<Date>Oct 21, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Joysafina
<Content>Did we stay at the same place? Hmmm...I was very disappointed. After reading all the reviews, we booked here. The hotel was in a lovely neighborhood, very quaint, the hotel had a lot of charm. But, the room was poor. Maybe we just had bad luck and didn't get the 'renovated' rooms I keep reading about. But our room was in dire need of remodeling. There is a difference between old Amsterdam - and simply old. This room was dusty and dirty and the bathroom was not modern at all. The breakfast was good though and the Irish staff were very nice. I wouldn't stay here again for this price - sorry!  
<Date>Sep 27, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Highly recommended Our stay last week at Canal House Hotel was absolutely wonderful! The hotel itself is beautifully decorated as were the rooms, all very elegant. We had 2 rooms, one w/ its own little courtyard and one overlooking the canal. The bathrooms are large and modern. The location is excellent. The staff was very friendly and accomodating and extremely helpful w/ dinner and sightseeing recommendations. If you like Indonesian food, you must eat at Long Pura, a short walk from the hotel, excellent food and service. Enjoy your stay in this lovely city.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DocAnnArbor
<Content>Excellent, great service All the review are correct. This is a wonderful bed and breakfast in a very beauthiful part of Amsterdam. Location is excellent and staff is always there to help.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2004
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>April 2004 stay Stayed in mid-april 2004. Exceeded every expectation I had. From the moment we arrived until we left I was thrilled. We had two rooms each of them were clean and well appointed. Both rooms had been recently re-done and re-done well. The complimentily breaksfast was perferct and solved the problem of where to eat early. Great location and great stay.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A beautiful, elegant hotel! This was my first trip to Amsterdam, and I was delighted to find this jewel for my hotel. The Canal House was once a typical canal mansion. The interior is beautiful, marble walls and floors, chandeliers, antiques. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The room was a little small in American standards, but that's okay -- we were in Europe. The location was great. Just around the corner from Anne Frank's house and from the Jordaan - an area of interesting shops and restaurants. We walked to all of the sites in Amsterdam and enjoyed the calmness of the city. I would highly recommend this hotel!  
<Date>Jun 18, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fabulous Canal House The Canal House is a gem of a hotel and is very nicely located-very near the Anne Frank House and an easy walk to the trams and bus line. The hotel is beautifully decorated, the staff friendly, the breakfast very nice, the rooms very large, and the price fairly reasonable. They gave us 2 rooms (one master and one with twin beds) that were in a nice little section all closed off from the rest of the rooms and almost like private quarters. The price they gave us was E 150 per night for each. The master looked out over the canal. Both were done in old style but the bathrooms, while continental in appearance, were newly done-clean and efficient. Be advised, however, that there are a lot of steps (steep and narrow) to some of the rooms, like ours, that are very difficult to negotiate with a lot of luggage, like ours! Was well worth the lugging!!! Loved it and would highly recommend it to anyone. Would definitely stay there again if the opportunity presented itself.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It's the best! I love this hotel. I've stayed here on both of my trips to Amsterdam. Not only is it convenient but it's so charming! Make sure you ask for room 24 - it's wonderful!  
<Date>Apr 10, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great character, quiet but convenient location, friendly staff I spend a lot of time (usually too much) finding the right hotel when I travel. For Amsterdam I decided that to get a real feel for the charm of this city, I'd need to get a house on a canal (thus the name of this hotel). I think I found my place! This hotel is on a quiet street, right on a beautiful canal, in a beautiful area. The hotel itself is very well-kept and somewhat old-fashioned (I'm guessing it's very Dutch). The included breakfast buffet was very good. My canal-view room was a bit small but was all I needed; I believe there are larger rooms. You can get to most of the popular areas in about a 10-20 minute walk and there is a lot of transportation and buses nearby. The staff was very friendly and extremely knowledgeable with directions and things to do (they even pointed me towards a coffee house when I asked). All in all, a great place that I'd recommend if you're looking for this type of experience.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>doremifaso
<Content>character We stayed at the Canal House last August and it is indeed in a superb location in a lovely quiet spot right by, yes, a canal. Despite the location being peaceful and safe it was nonetheless central to everything and there are some nice shops/bars/eateries in the vacinity of Kaizergracht-the canal where it is situated and Prisengracht-the next one along. It is eclectically decorated and looks intriguing. The bar isn't really somewhere to spend an hour or two-we went there once for a drink and it felt a bit like being in your aunt's parlour-but then you do have Amsterdam to explore. This isn't a cheap hotel, but then if you want somehting even half way decent in amsterdam you will pay a bit more than some other European cities.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Little Hotel The only place to stay when visiting Amsterdam. Have visited 2X and each time was a treat. Would not consider staying anywhere else.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Quality wonderful quality hotel.Very polite,well informed staff.easy access to the city.have no hesitation in recommending it.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MaryFranSpokane
<Content>Memorable hotel in a great location added greatly to our Amsterdam expereince!       Charming bar awaits the tired traveler  
<Date>Nov 3, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very cozy! We just stayed at the Canal House last week and loved it! The neighborhood of the western canal ring is the most atmospheric part of the city, and the Canal House is right there. We booked two and a half months ahead for a canal view room in mid-October, when the weather was crisp in temperature but we were blessed with four straight days of sunshine. The canal view room was small but cozy, and the compromise in room area was worth it to us because we were constantly peeking out the window to admire the view. It was a delight to wake up on our final morning and see a duck swimming past with the ripples in its wake expanding to the canal walls! It was only on my fourth trip to Amsterdam that I finally got a room with a view--and at a reasonable price for the city.The bonus is that Canal House has plenty of atmosphere and a nice brunch in a delightful dining room with the flavor of Golden Age Amsterdam. Also, the service is professional and helpful. I would definitely return for another stay at the Canal House on a future visit to Amsterdam, especially if I plan ahead enough again to get another room with a canal view.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mitrav
<Content>Great Location   showReview(1375697, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 4, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Friendly and welcolming, great location   showReview(1236018, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 19, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved this hotel   showReview(1221876, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 11, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A mixed bag   showReview(1190114, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 4, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>smcg1
<Content>Not like amsterdam   showReview(1139727, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 20, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The most wonderful hotel...   showReview(992511, 'full');   
<Date>May 8, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Amsterdam's Best   showReview(983443, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 26, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Southerner
<Content>Great Location   showReview(978884, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 23, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Elegance with Canal Views   showReview(917647, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 15, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Labyrinth   showReview(837581, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 15, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

