<Author>Grover46
<Content>Fantastic Location, very relaxing I looked for a Hotel for months as we went to Barcelona for a special occasion, and I definitely made the right decision! The hotel has a very relaxed air around it and the staff are very friendly and make you feel very welcome. The room was well decorated and the bed was one of the most comfortable that we have slept in!We mangaged to get a Classic room at the front with its own balcony overlooking the port which was great.The breakfast was excellent and the roof top terrace bar was excellent with great views over the port.The position of the hotel could not be better. Las Ramblas is 5 mins walk and at the back of the hotel is the Gothic quarter, which you need to walk around to appreciate. 10 mins walk in the other direction is the wonderful Barceloneta beach front.We had no issues at all and overall it is one of the best hotels we have stayed in. We are planning a return trip and we will be going back to this hotel.Fantastic!  
<Date>Oct 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mabbsy
<Content>perfect location Spent two nights here prior to joining a cruise.I have to admit that my first impression of the room wasn`t great. It was small with almost no natural light and overlooked an inner courtyard. The very helpful man on the desk offered us an upgrade for 40 euros per night to a front- facing room. I went along to have a look and loved the room, but then remembered that it was Merce festival time, and a front -facing room might be noisy. So we stuck with our small dark room which turned out to be blissfully quiet at all times of the day and night, so was probably the right call.That`s the only negative thing I have to say. The location was fantastic with loads of good restaurants nearby. The sun terrace was particularly lovely. It overlooked the harbour and made a great place to watch the Merce fireworks on the Saturday night. Then there was some gentle live music up there - a great way to accompany a glass of local wine. (There is a small pool up there too, but if you`re considering serious swimming - forget it)The people on reception were polite and helpful. They spoke near-perfect English and humoured my attempts at Spanish.Recommended.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>HiramBorg
<Content>Excellent Position and Hotel I stayed at the Duquesa de Cardona in September 2008 and had a great time. Great boutique hotel in an central and safe location. The rooms have no real views unless you pay extra for the ones that overlook the water (only 5 of them), but are a great size for Europe and large and very clean bathrooms. The breakfast was hot and cold - fruit, cereals, juices etc and scrambled eggs, bacon and micro sausages but no fried eggs. Beautiful French pastries and bread. It kept me going until dinner. The TV room is small but I would strongly suggest you have drinks and a swim in the plunge pool (it's small !) on the rooftop terrace, awesome views. Some guy had a massage and a guy playing a Spanish guitar for him one night. It's a 5 minute walk to Drassanes Metro, on the waterfront and at the edge of the Gothic Quarter. Barcelona has amazing atmosphere day and night, and we found ourselves wandering the nearby Gothic Quarter after dinner and drinks. Heaps of people about and generally very safe, but you do need to be aware. Walking distance to a lot of restaurants, bars and shops. Great hotel and highly recommended city.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>BrittOdense_DK
<Content>Cute Hotel, feel at home !! This is my second time in Barcelona this year , and I repeat the hotel. I was in Duquesa de Cardona in may for business, and I loved it! This time I came back to Barcelona to go on a cruise , and the location from this hotel is so good, that I decided to repeat, so here I am again!!.The hotel is near to everything ...Ramblas, harbour, Gothic Area.. , The atmosphere, although is very relaxed and comfortable. It has a fabolous terrace on the sixt floor, with one of the bests views I have ever seen from a harbour. The rooms are cosy (try a junior suite if you can, is spacious, comfortable, very sweet and quite ).If you are active people, Barcelona is full of surprises. Get informed at reception desk about day trips , for instance, to Montserrat, Sitges, etc, museums, different restaurants, etc. They will give you a good hand on it  
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SamBelgium
<Content>Great Stay at Duquesa de Cardona With that many hotels in one city, and without any references it was a really hard pick. The nice website pulled us over. But we were very satisfied with our choice.Medium small Boutique Hotel, perfectly located near the marina and the ramblas. Perfect starting point to take some good walks in Barcelona.We only booked 2 nights, what was a mistake because we needed 3 nights. So we asked i've we could stay somewath longer. Unfortunately this was not possible due to the fact that the hotel was fully booked. But the last day there was apparently a 'no-show' so we could have that room. It was even more nicer then the one that we had booked. Unbelieveble big, for a city hotel. Nice cocktails from the rooftop at sunset, what more can you ask for?  
<Date>Aug 16, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	3	3	4	

<Author>marylandtraveler
<Content>disappointing well-located hotel I found this hotel disappointing. The rooms were lovely鈥攎odern, spacious for this class of hotel, and adequately appointed. The hotel is on one of the largest streets in Barcelona. Our rooms faced the street and were noisy late in to the night and early morning, even though we were on the 6th floor. The rooms on the other side of the hotel were not noisy, but faced an alley. The hotel has a lovely, tiny, rooftop pool and its rooftop terrace offers a sweeping view of the marina and the city.The staff at the hotel was not as attentive or helpful as you might expect from such a hotel. The service at the rooftop tapas bar was unbearably slow, even in the middle of the day with no one else there. The front desk staff seemed to rely on Google for its knowledge of restaurants and other local attractions. While no one on the staff was actually rude, they were the least helpful of any hotel staff that we saw in Spain. Our stay here was pleasant enough, but I would try another hotel in this city that has many alternatives to offer.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cheriko
<Content>Wonderful stay in Barcelona Duquesa de Cardona is a lovely small hotel. It locates waterfront area and you can walk to Ramblas street in a few minutes, 15 minute walk brings you to Catalunya Square. Tourist bus stop is also within a walking distance. By taking metro at Barceloneta station on LIne 4, you can reach CCBI easily. You can find good sea food restaurants along the museum nearby and we enjoyed a walk to a beautiful beach which is within 20 minute walk from the hotel. Piccaso museum which is within 5 minute walk worths visiting. The lobby was furnished with lovey furniture and scent of vanilla candle welcomed us.I stayed in a wheelchair accessible room with a roll-in shower. The bathroom is big enough for me to turn round there. The room was also enough big for us. We took breakfast at the restaurant on the ground floor for 2 days. It was good. We also reccommend you to visit the terrace on the 6th floor with your books and batheing suits. The view from there was exquisite and you can enjoy fresh breeze there with some wine and food. The hotel staffs were all friendly and very helpful. They speak fluent English. They booked wheelchair adapted taxi, booked concert tickets at Catalunya music hall, booked tickets of framenco show for us and showed us good restaurants. It was also fun to go to the guitar concert at the church. At last, I have to tell that you shoud be very careful so that you would not be targeted by pick pockets. My husband had his wallet stolen in a bus on line 24 which goes to Guel park. Some men surrounded us and while one man was pretending to help me with my wheelchair to attract my husband's attention, other men stole the wallet. I strongly advice you to take a tourist bus or a taxi when you move in Brcelona and never to take a normal bus. If I have another chance to visit Barcelona, I am sureto stay at Duquesa de Cardona again.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>JBW614
<Content>Friendly staff! Duquesa de Cardona is a lovely boutique-style hotel with unique touches that make it stand out from other more traditional hotels. The friendliness of hotel staff is the main selling-point -- they truly go out of their way to make guests feel welcome and to give them advice on touring the city. The morning we arrived in Barcelona after a week-long cruise, we were much too early to check into our room but a very charming staff member pulled out all kinds of maps and brochures to give us very helpful ideas of things to do in the meantime. The breakfast buffet is a bit small but you will find plenty of good food to get you ready for a day of exploring Barcelona. The hotel is right along the waterfront and is an excellent base for visiting the Ciutat Vella, the Barri Gotic -- be sure to cross Passeig de Colom to visit the excellent Aquarium and to stroll through Barceloneta. The Zoo de Barcelona is an easy stroll from the hotel and makes a lovely way to spend a Sunday afternoon in the city. The rooms are spacious and thoughtfully stocked with items that make your stay comfortable. Our room was perhaps not as clean as it could have been, particularly the carpet. A word of advice -- if you are a light sleeper, be sure to ask for a room on one of the upper floors. We were on the first floor just above a very busy sidewalk restaurant that could be quite noisy in the wee hours of the morning.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	2	5	5	-1	

<Author>roxy01Cork_Ireland
<Content>Great location - very noisy!! The locationof this hote l is fantastic - just off Las Rambles. Rooms were small and noisy - we requested a room on the higher floors but could still hear all the traffic and sirens from the road below. Got very little sleep here. Also - the swimming pool is more like an oversized bath - a joke really. Other than that though the hotel is ok - decor is good and the rooftop bar was lovely. Location is the main thing here though.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	5	5	3	3	3	

<Author>Boom_King_87
<Content>Made our weekend! Booked this hotel as a more luxurious weekend break for my mum's 50th birthday present, so obviously was happy to spend a little more for extra comfort. Wasn't at all disappointed, the location was superb and I'd recommend paying the extra for a harbor view if you can - it was worth it to watch the fireworks from our balcony when spain won euro 2008...! Little extras were always well received, like daily weather report cards to help us plan the next day, and we were greeted by some lovely staff members who did everything to advise us so we could see the most of the city!! The hotel reserved the terrace bar on one evening of our stay, so to apologise for the inconvenience, we even received a free bottle of cava which was much appreciated!!! If you're anything like my mum and I, you can get around the city without paying anything for transport at all, as the food and drink in barcelona is quite costly. The city is relatively small but very hilly, so if you're not much of a walker stick to the underground!!  
<Date>Jul 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Dundeetravellers_8
<Content>Great location, great hotel, great city. Again you look at the previous reviews  some are raving about the hotel while others do not.In our case WE LOVED IT. 8 great days spent here.We knew from previous visits to Barcelona that the hotel was in a great location. You can catch all the tour buses only 5 minutes walk away at the Columbus Column. The Rambles is 5 minute from the hotel. You overlook the everchanging Marina  if you walk behind the hotel you go directly into the Gothic area where ther is a multitude of things to see  small places to eat. Don't eat in the TOURISTY Les Ramblas. Get out in the back streets  eat there.Therefore the hotel was ideal for our needs. The room was immaculate  well kept  the staff were always polite  helpful. When asked they could not do enough for you. The view from the top of the hotel is superb  if you just want a lazy day then just sit up there  watch the cars  boats go by while taking the odd dip in the splash pool.We never ate in the hotel so I cannot comment on the food, but for a cheap  cheary late breakfast the Flore De La Notre just to the left of the hotel was 1st rate.The staff there were always friendly  the service superb. On our way home from sight seeing each day we stopped in for a wee PIT STOP. That involved 2 beers/wines  an assortment of Tapas  some friendly banter with Rod the waiter. That set us up for going out at 9pm for something to eat in the Gothic area.TOP RATE HOTEL  Sorroundings.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>KymH
<Content>Lovely weekend break       Front of hotel from across the road  
<Date>Jun 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>maroonman
<Content>comfort and location Stayed here on a room only basis and would recommend this hotel. As mentioned in several other reviews the location of the Duquesa is ideal for seeing the sights. The staff were polite and helpful and the room (which looked onto the courtyard) was clean, comfortable and quiet. The bathroom facilities were excellent with a large walk-in shower and a shower over the bath. We didn't eat at the hotel but did have the occasional drink on the rooftop terrace. This has great views over the port area. At almost ten euros for a vodka and coke the view comes with a price but they were large drinks - two to three measures - so were quite good value. A restaurant we can highly recommend is the Safra 18, Carrer Ample . This is located a minutes walk from the hotel. Turn right out of the hotel then first right.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Benino
<Content>Disappointing The building and rooms are beautiful. The staff was barely pleasant. Did not offer assistance unless asked then answered our questions sparingly, without offering any additional advise or ideas. Also of importance, upon departure we realized that two bags of souvenir items (food and knicknacks) were missing (which we didn't bother reporting since we listened to another guests' complaint of missing items and the staff response).  
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	2	3	1	-1	

<Author>dtm17
<Content>Location is everything Great hotel in a fabulous spot! We stayed three nights and then moved to another hotel because the Duquesa was booked for the weekend. What a difference! If you visit Barcelona (and you really should!) this is where you want to be. The hotel staff could not be friendlier. The rooms, while small by American standards, could not be lovelier. And the location is perfect. Walk to the best of everything (with the exception of a few spots -- more about that later). The view from the rooftop terrace is breathtaking; the terrace itself changes the whole vacation. It provides a wonderful, relaxing place to be outside! Bring your book, order a drink and enjoy one of most beautiful cities on this planet. Recommendations: You can walk to Las Ramblas, the Maritime Museum, the basilica of Santa Maria del Mar, the Olympic port, Port Vell, the Picasso Museum, the Gothic Cathedral, a gazillion plazas and tapas bars, etc, etc. See what I mean about location! Take the Bus Turistic to visit Parc Gueill, Sagrada Familia and Montjuic. Eat at The 4 Cats! Enjoy Barcelona and enjoy this hotel... we did!  
<Date>Apr 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Dashkina
<Content>Can't beat the location! We stayed in this hotel during the exhibition in CCIB that we were a part of. Staying previously on Avenguida Diagonal, we've decided to choose a more central location, even though it would mean a taxi drive to the venue. And we were so right!The hotel is located right on the sea with a beautiful view on the harbor. We didn't take breakfast at the hotel, just walked a couple of blocks, got some coffee and snacks and went to the pier. It is just a 5 minutes walk to Rambla, and 5-10 minutes to any place in the gothic part of the downtown. I had a standard room, and it was pretty dark, as there was just a small window facing the inner yard. But the rate we've got was pretty good for a 4* hotel (about 130 euros), so no complaints. The reception staff was very nice and helpful. The roof terrace and sun deck are very nice. I've ordered food there and it was average, but the sunset and sea in front of you makes it up. I would be happy to stay in this hotel again.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	4	3	3	

<Author>chinagirlAmsterdam
<Content>Charming, comfortable and friendly I did stay in this very good hotel in Januar. I asked for a room with harbourview and got one. Everything in the room and the bathroom, which were both very well-sized, was tip-top; Nice style, good materials, comfortable. Real four-stars luxe.The people at the desk were very friendly and helpfull.And of course the roofterrace is marvellous to relax on.Many nice neighbourhoods on walkingdistance. E.g.the Born is next door, with a lot of good places to eat and drink.And very nice as well: The low prices in Januar, when there are already much sunshine and good temperatures in Barcelona.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Clevelander5
<Content>Nice little hotel, but get a courtyard room We had a nice three night stay from 1/26 - 29/2008. The location of this hotel was great with just a short walk to Las Rambla, the Gothic Quarter and a nice view of the Sea; a quick walk to the Christopher Columbus statue to catch the Bus Touristic tour bus, which is a great way to get to the key destinations in Barcelona. Service at the Duquesa de Cardona was excellent. All were English speaking and willing to help. Despite being a cool evening, they accomodated our request to bring drinks up to the 6th floor roof patio after dinner.....a very relaxing patio. One word of warning....the hotel does back up to a street in the Gothic Quarter. With the lively nightlife of Barcelona going into the wee hours, there were a couple of sleepless nights due to partying outside the room. Request a room facing the small internal courtyard (not a great view, but peaceful nights, according to my traveling associate).  
<Date>Feb 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>CraigJ
<Content>A Good Choice Stayed at this hotel for 5 nights in November - very pleased with our stay - staff very friendly and professional - spoke English surprisingly well - property well maintained - rooms very clean and well appointed - location excellent as it's only a couple of blocks from Las Ramblas and on the edge of the old town and harbour - the only issue is that the hotel is on a very busy street and there is a some street noise - if you're expecting lots of quiet ask for a room facing the court yard or back of the hotel - we faced the water/street and there was some noise but not really a problem - I'd stay here again and would recommend it  
<Date>Jan 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>ian_ok
<Content>Excellent Hotel We stayed at this hotel prior to the start of a cruise and were very happy with our choice. The staff were very friendly, helpful and professional. Our room looked out over the front and despite the proximity to the road, it was relatively quiet. The room wasn鈥檛 huge but was well appointed with a good bathroom and nice toiletries. Our only slight criticism was the bed which was rather soft, but then better than a lot of the very hard beds we鈥檝e slept on in numerous Spanish hotels.We didn鈥檛 make use of the pool or restaurants but what we saw of the public rooms they were very attractive. Having stayed at three other hotels in Barcelona between Sept and November 2007, this was by far our best experience. The excellent location close to the water front, Las Ramblas and the Gothic Quarter (and therefore lots of restaurants nearby) make it a good choice. We will certainly try to book it again for our next visit.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Pablogogo
<Content>Extremely pleased with Hotel This hotel is located in an excellent location right on the harbour and within a stones throw of the Gothic Quarter and Las Ramblas. The nearby Drassanes metro station, 2min walk, is very handy and the metro is certainly one of the cleanest I have ever been on. The tourist bus is handy however I found it annoying that it only runs in one direction. Personally I like the metro or to use my feet. I would agree with a previous review and advise you to leave out the do not disturb sign as staff can enter the room, and I also found that a bit weird. The hotel is extremely quiet and well sound proofed, no street noise. The roof terrace has a great view of the city, we did not try the pool as it was December and it was very cold there at that time. You get what you pay for with an extremely clean room of a high quality standard and the bathrooms are spotless, they are quiet roomy too, the bath is a nice feature too over a shower as you can have a nice relaxing bath after a day of walking. For breakfast I would recommend skipping the 鈧?4 breakfast (鈧?7 for in room), which is nice, at the hotel and grab some freshly baked local food in a store one street behind the hotel and about three blocks towards Las Ramblas. (Apologies for not know the exact address but if you follow your nose you will find it.) A good restaurant for mid day food would have to be Boga restaurant on Carrer Ample, more or less directly behind the hotel, reasonably priced, good service and nice atmosphere. One thing not miss while in Barcelona has to be the Magic Fountain, check the show times to ensure you get to see it with the music on as well as it runs at night time, great fun. I have talked to so many people and they don't know about it, its certainly is worth a visit. Also a visit to the aquarium is excellent too, the info signs in the aquarium are in English too which is really great.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>CACoastTraveler
<Content>Happy with this hotel choice! We stayed here prior to a cruise and picked this hotel due to it's proximity to the cruise terminal. We had a lovely view of the harbor and it's an easy walk to Las Ramblas, and a moderate walk to the Chocolate Museum and the Picasso museum (which mid-week mid-school term still had a line of over an hour each time we walked past).The hotel was very friendly to us as language challenged American Tourists. They happily exchanged money orders for us at better than bank rates and pointed out the very convenient nearby stop for city bus tours.While we were not honeymooning, it was a lovely location and we'll remember it more favorably than the significantly more expensive hotels around London that we stayed at prior to our Barcelona arrival. Restaurant hours were not favorable for us but it was a short walk to numerous locations. Internet access was no charge (surprisingly) but there was only 1 terminal for guests to use.Note - it's a bit of a walk to anywhere - if you are not up to that, be prepared to get taxi's to go much of anywhere. The taxi fares were reasonable from the airport and inexpensive for local short trips.It's NOT a resort hotel by my definition, and with the limited access to food, internet, and other exercise facilities in the hotel, I can't give it an 'excellent' mark. But it was an excellent choice for our needs and I'd book there again without hesitation.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	-1	2	

<Author>unbob
<Content>Great Hotel! Great hotel in a great location! Just immediately outside the Gothic Quarter and steps from Ramblas and all the major sites. The staff was excellent, very helpful and accomodating. Be aware that a staff member enters your room every night to leave a chocolate and the next days weather forecast, so either put embarrassing things away or leave the do not disturb sign on the door. (this was a little weird to be honest)  
<Date>Nov 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>PeterNJ
<Content>Excellent Situation A stay of four nights in mid-September 2007. Fittings, cleanliness etc of room and bathroom were as one would expect of a 4* hotel. Staff are very pleasant and helpful. Breakfast was ample but one should ask for whatever one wants,e.g. freshly cooked eggs. Cheaper rooms have a narrow window looking into central well, therefore the higher floors have more light.One of the few hotels in Barcelona with an open aspect. It faces the marina with Barceloneta beyond. Gothic Quarter, Born, the beaches are all within easy reach either on foot or by bus.Biggest asset is situation overlooking entire harbour from roof terrace equiped with small pool, loungers, towels, shower, chairs, sun umbrellas and bar.I would certainly stay here again.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>AmyEade
<Content>Just lovely Lovely chilled hotel in a perfect position. Brillant views, nice terrace with pool (staff will bring wine to poolside if the bar upstairs isn't open). Very resonably priced for what you get.I've been to Barcelona before and this was much, much better.Will be back.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Marilyn_NJ1
<Content>Loved Duequesa de Cardona Hotel and Barcelona My husband  I just returned from Visiting Barcelona,Spain and stayed at this lovely boutique hotel - outstanding service and location. Quiet hotel with panaromic rooftop views of the Seaport (located in Gothic area - Port Vell). Perfect location - within walking to the seaport and all restaurants on the seaport - Ramblas was right in back of us. Mario at Hotel helped us with sightseeing attractions (buy a 2 day bus pass - comes with headset to hear about all the sites you are seeing). Buses run every 5 minutes and the only way to see the beautiful architecture Barcelona has to offer. We stayed only 2 days and then took a cruise of the Meditteranean out of Barcelona thru Italy and Nice France.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gob2
<Content>Absolutely faultless We stayed here on a midweek break in May and had an absolutely brilliant time. Really lovely, quiet, luxury hotel - fantastic staff, great food and service. Superb location. Try the rooftop terrace for breakfast and - be brave! - take a dip in the very cold pool!  
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Bartystix
<Content>Nice hotel on busy road We booked this hotel as part of our honeymoon for a 3 night stay. On arrival early in the morning after an overnight train journey, we had a great welcome for the receptionist and were overjoyed to find we could go to our room.We booked and paid extra for a deluxe room with a harbour view, as the hotel is located at the seafront. Unfortunately, there is a very busy road between the hotel and the sea, we couldn鈥檛 enjoy this as much as would have expected and is placed next to a car repair garage, although this didn鈥檛 really make any different. The room had the usual you would expect plus a pillow menu and a few nice touches like the next days weather forecast and chocolates on the pillow. The bathroom was large with double sized sink, a nice set of toiletries and fresh flowers.One of the main selling points of the hotel is the roof top terrace with pool and bar. We didn鈥檛 get the chance to use the pool but did use the bar a few times. It appears it has just opened and is getting up and running, although it didn鈥檛 seemed to be manned at the times when drinks and snacks were being served so there was a bit of waiting around.The hotel also had an internet point and was air conditioned throughout. We didn鈥檛 have any meals there and breakfast wasn鈥檛 included so can鈥檛 comment on that.Overall I would say that the hotel was OK, the reception staff were brilliant and you could do a lot worse but I wouldn鈥檛 say it was a 鈥渂outique hotel鈥? which is how it describes itself 鈥?the d茅cor made it feel like a large chain hotel and the location on a busy main road lets it down slightly - not quite the centre of the Gothic Quarter but more like on the edge.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>RaymondsofWoking
<Content>If you can stay here This hotel is lovely - the staff were excellent and we will definitely go back. Read some not so good reviews about breakfast - yes it was a bit expensive at 14 euros each but there was a lot of choice and the restaurant was beautiful - so we treated ourselves on the last day as the breakfasts in some of the local cafes were not the best.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Mickeym0use
<Content>Warm hotel, great location We stayed here on the second leg of our honeymoon. We loved this hotel. It felt like a giant and elegant bed and breakfast. The staff was very professional. The breakfast was yummy, which was included. It is a small hotel where you felt like you started to know the other patrons. The pool bar area was nice, with an amazing view of Barcelona. The location was amazing- close to the Ramblas (great street where there are outside cafes and street performers), El Born,the boats and Barcelonetta( beach). The room in the hotel was very nice. The hotel was clean and very personal. We loved our stay. We walked around a lot and went to places where the locals went to.If you have the time, go to Monserrat- breathtaking views and adventure (about an hour or so away from Barcelona on the underground and then the train). We loved the hotel and Barcelona and would love to come back someday.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>carleeanne
<Content>Carly de Cardona       On the terrace  
<Date>Jul 18, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>luckyderosa
<Content>great stay in barcelona finished my european trip at the D/C. great stay! location, location-get a room on 5th floor facing port- more $ but the view is worth it! the staff *naomi, marta, mario* were very kind and helpful. the beds are extremely comfortable and you get to choose your type of pillow!!!!best of all the a/c is first rate- which you need because barcelona is hot, hot, hot. take the tourist bus- 2 blocks away to get around the city to give yourself an idea what you really want to spend time visiting- get to piccaso musee early- long line. i highly rate this hotel.by the way 100's of cabs on street at all times.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>jaegermaester
<Content>Nice Hotel Good quality, clean hotel. Location is not bad for many of the favorite tourist sites. Only a 5 to 10 minute walk to La Rambla and 15-20 minutes to the Cathedral. Barcelona Bus Turista is a popular way to see Barcelona and there is a pickup stop not far from the hotel. We found an excellent restaurant along the waterfront and again it was a short walk from the hotel. The hotel has a beautiful terrace on the top of the building with a nice overlook of the city, comfortable seating and a bar. Our room was very noisy late into the night in that it was located near a bar in an adjacent building. The staff was very friendly and helpful in giving directions and making restaurant reservations for us.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	3	5	5	4	3	

<Author>Shark67
<Content>A Lovely Hotel We have just returned from a 3 night stay at the Duquesa de Cardona hotel in Barcelona. This was a lovely hotel and the best we have stayed in so far in Barcelona. The hotel is located about a 5 minute walk from La Rambla and about a 5 minute walk from the beach so you have the best of both worlds in terms of location.There is a roof top terrace with views out over the port where you can escape and watch the world going by with a nice glass of wine. The rooms were kept very clean and the staff are very friendly and always provided positive advise and information, we will definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mlambert
<Content>Must go again I'll keep this short but sweet. I ended up choosing this hotel based on the reviews on this website and I was not let down at all.My girlfirend and I stayed here for three nights in March and had a fabulous stay. Location was brilliant and most things were a short walk away. Connections wise for further trips was easy.We had a great time and the staff were extremely helpful. the buffet breakfast set us up for the day but we didn't eat dinner there.All in all, would recommend this to anyone.  
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	3	

<Author>dictionary1
<Content>Nice, except for... Location: great. Rooms: good- smallish but nicely appointed and fairly quiet. The problem? DO NOT allow the staff to call you a taxi. For one, you can just walk out front and catch one any time of day. If you do, watch the driver come in and hand the front desk person a 5 euro note. Then, the driver takes you the scenic route to make it back. And, you waste 10 mins waiting. We booked a restaurant reservation at La Venta- which is a neat restaurant with a view of all of Barcelona and away from the tourist traps- the front desk and the taxi driver warned me it was 'very far'. And on the way there, it was- to the tune of 30 euros. When we caught a cab off the street to return to the hotel we were back in 1/2 the time and for 12 euros. Be warned- it was a small detail but enough to create mistrust of the seemingly nice hotel staff.  
<Date>May 25, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>x2fr
<Content>Wonderful hotel !       Hotel front entrance  
<Date>Apr 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	3	4	2	

<Author>lagniappe34
<Content>Duquesa de Cardona Hotel - wonderfully elegant and gracious I stayed here from March 24-30 and loved it. It's a very elegant hotel. The location was perfect for me - 5 minute walk to Las Ramblas, 5 minutes to El Born, right near Barri Gotic, right across from teh Marina and Barcelonata, just ideal location for me. The staff was superb. They spoke wonderful English and were so gracious when I tried to speak broken SPanish to them. Really - they put up with me much more than they should have. THis was honestly the cleanest hotel I have ever stayed in. It was immaculate. The bathroom floors were SPARKLING. They housekeeping staff was FABULOUS! The room was rather small, but not too confining. I was by myself so it was fine. If there were too people, I could see it getting a bit cramped. I really, really enjoyed everything about this hotel, it's location and the staff.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AKCHouston
<Content>Great location and nice hotel My husband and I stayed at Duquesa de Cardona in Oct. 2006 for three nights. The hotel is very nicely appointed- the common spaces are well-decorated and pretty and everything is clean. The location was great. Within a few minutes walk we were in the heart of the Gothic Quarter or on La Rambla. The Cathedral of Barcelona and numerous other sites are in close proximity to Duquesa de Cardona. The street the hotel is on is very pretty with wide sidewalks and palm trees; the view of the water is also lovely. We enjoyed drinks on the rooftop terrace one night, which was fun. The rooms were not terribly large, but they were nice looking with a pretty bathroom. A friend of ours who lives in Barcelona got a corporate rate for us by booking the hotel through his company, so I can't speak to how great a value Duquesa is. I will say, however, that the location is terrific and it is a very nice place to stay.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	3	-1	

<Author>RJS123
<Content>Best Location in Barceloma This is possibly the best located hotel in Barcelona - right in front of the Gothic Quarter, and only 5 minutes walk to La Ramblas (just far enough away). Also, right on the harbour front which is ideal for restaurants and shopping. Room and service were excellent and highly recommended  
<Date>Mar 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>GailMontrose
<Content>We loved the location and the hotel! The Hotel Duquesa de Cardona was the best place we stayed on our Feb-March trip to Spain. We had a room overlooking the port and within easy walking distance of almost everything. The portside avenue is busy, but with the windows closed, we were not bothered by noise; and with the windows open we had an impressive view. The staff was gracious and helpful. Our room was modestly sized but very well appointed. We highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>dantescraps2007
<Content>Phenomenal! Wow! What an excellent trip! We were thoroughly impressed with the hotel and the staff. When we started the process of looking through hotels in Barcelona, we relied heavily on Trip Advisor, and it paid off. The location for this hotel is excellent. It is right on the harbor directly across from the Aquarium, and very, very close to the Barceloneta district, the Born district, and the Gothic quarter. As we read in other reviews, we sprung for the external balcony room on the 5th floor and it was TOTALLY worth the upgrade. The views of the sunrise every morning were breathtaking. Now, if you are not from a metropolitan area, the balcony rooms are definitely exposed to traffice noise, but nothing that will keep you awake. The balcony doors are actually pretty sound-proof. If you're used to city noise, this is nothing out of the ordinary. The room itself was quite large by European standards and the bed was as well, and didn't have that crease in the middle so common in Europe. The bathroom was spacious and clean. Now, other reviews said that there were no doors on the shower. The fact is that the showers have a very modern partial shield, but because the showerhead is a moveable, handheld massage head, you don't have to worry about getting water all over the place.The rooftop veranda was also wonderful. There is a tiny dunking pool there that was very clean, but it was a little too cold weatherwise to partake. However, it offers amazing views of the harbor and is a great place to sip a glass of rioja and read. I can imagine in the summer it would be a phenomenal place to catch some sun.The staff was amazingly friendly and accomodating. Our room was not ready when we arrived early at the hotel, so, because, it is the off-season, they immediately moved us into a ready room so we could shower and unpack after our long flight. They gave great recommendations for restaurants and tapas places. They also were great in telling us just about the history of the hotel and getting us transportation whenever we needed it.On an un-hotel-related note, be sure to check out the Basque tapas places-the Frommers and Streetwise guides don't tell you about these specifically. At most tapas places, you order from a menu for a plate of a particular dish. At a Basque place, it's usually standing only with 20 or so dishes on a long counter. You can take as many or as few of each one as you want. Just ask for a plate and grab them toothpick by toothpick. When you're done, the waiters count your number of used toothpicks and charge you per item. These tapas plus a glass of cava hit the spot! One great place for tapas and a sit-down meal is Art, near the Santa Maria del Mar. As long as you're there, be sure to check out the wine bar, El Vinyo del Senyor directly across from the church. Excellent, especially at night when you can sit outside and people watch.We did not eat breakfast at the hotel so we can't comment on that. But if you don't want to pay 14 Euro for buffet and want a more local experience, try the public markets. For about 6 Euro apiece, you can get bocatas (breakfast sandwiches) or eggs with bacon and fresh oj. Excellent! Plus, you'll see all the locals which is spectacular.All in all, we had an absolutely FABULOUS trip! Be sure to book this hotel; it's a vacation in itself! We would definitely stay there again!On another non-hotel note, be careful if booking flights through Expedia. They booked us on Air France through Paris, connecting to Barcelona. Air France also had its issues, because each of our 4 flights left late and we missed our connections both coming and going because of this. We found out from Air France it was because Expedia booked us on connections with only a 50 minute layover, which is physically impossible to make at Charles DeGaulle Airport, given that you have to go through passport validation, then security, then get to your gate where you have to take a bus to your plane. We called Expedia before our return trip to try to switch to a later connecting flight after we found out from Air France that our current Expedia booking would likely result in another missed transfer. We were on the phone with Expedia on an international call for 45 minutes, only 7 of which did we actually speak to a person. When we asked to switch the time of our connection, they wanted to charge us $200 apiece to rebook. We asked why we would have to pay since the short layover times were their mistake (Expedia is in the travel business so shouldn't they know 50 minutes is impossible at that airport?). Their response was, Well, everyone has to be accountable. When we refused to pay, they wouldn't help us at all. As predicted, we missed our connecting flight when the Barcelona flight landed late in Paris. I guess we were accountable in the sense that we were foolish enough to trust Expedia to book us properly in the first place. SO, lesson to be learned, make sure you have AT LEAST 90 minutes between connections going through Charles DeGaulle and don't let Expedia tell you any differently.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>applefan
<Content>One of our best stays! This hotel is fabulous. Great location, very nice and helpful staff and fantastic rooms! My husband and I spent Thanksgiving week here a couple of years ago and I am just now getting around to post a review. I highly recommend this hotel to anyone who visits Barcelona. It offers great value and everything is just perfect.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Supercalfragalistic
<Content>Wonderful hotel with wonderful staff My husband and I have just returned from Barcelona after staying at this hotel for 4 nights. On arrival at the hotel our room (number 43 following recommendations on this site) was not ready as we had arrived early. The receptionist was incredibly helpful and friendly and arranged for Mario (concierge) to place our bags in storage until our room was ready. The receptionist then asked if we would like to have a coffee at the hotel or if we would like to take a wander. After deciding the latter he then gave us a map and showed us where we could get a coffee locally and also pointed out some of the other sights within close proximity. On return to the hotel we were taken to our room by Mario who carried our bags and when we entered the room found that there were flowers and chocolates waiting (arranged by my husband and the travel agent) and a bottle of wine courtesy of our travel agent. I have since found out that this was very difficult to organise but the hotel did all they could to help. On our first night 2 cards were put through our door; 1 with a Good Night note and a weather forecast for the following day and 1 with a menu for you to select a fragrance for your room the following day! Oh and 2 chocolates as well! They even have a pillow menu by the bed where you can choose your type of pillow. Everything else about the hotel was wonderful, a great selection at breakfast and everything was replenished regularly (contrary to other reviews on this site), rooms were clean and stylishly decorated. The hotel is well positioned for everything in the city if you want to escape the hustle and bustle. Numerous restaurants are well witihin a short walking distance. The hotel does reccomend one restaurant 'Agut' which we did not like and would favour El Salon much more highly. Also there is a great tapas bar just round the corner for lunch called Carabello offers 'Champagn' (Cava) and Tapas stood up at the bar like the locals. Plates of succulent Octopus in paprika and fried pimientos (peppers) and 5 glasses of cava came to only 15 euros! One thing worth noting is that the drinks on La Ramblas are very expensive - be warned!!On our last day Mario again looked after our bags whilst we ambled around the city and then on our return waited outside for us to hail a taxi to take us to the airport. I would recommend this hotel to anyone! Not sure if room 43 is any better than any other but definately ask for a Harbour Room view. On the first floor you get a larger balcony but you are closer to street level and as such may be subject to higher noise levels. Overall, a wonderful experience that even the most discerning of traveller will struggle to criticise.  
<Date>Feb 12, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rhldevon
<Content>Excellent location       View from our room  
<Date>Feb 12, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	4	5	4	3	-1	

<Author>mn3
<Content>Fabulous The hotel was magnificent, in a brilliant location (right by the water, las ramblas and about 15 mins walk from beach) and spotless inside.The pool was quite small and always very busy but the views were spectacular. There was a lovely sun deck which made it tempting to soak up the sun rather than sight see, especially as there was a food and drink service!The room was lovely, it can be a tiny bit noisy if you are at the back of the hotel at the weekend but it gives you an excuse to stay out late!Overall it was a fabulous stay, I would definitely return.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ejan
<Content>Fantastic Staff, Great Location When we arrived at the hotel after the cruise it was too early for check-in, but the hotel was very accomodating about securing our luggage until late in the afternoon. They also provided us with a map of the area and answered our question (in perfect Engligh) about what we should see in the area. Unfortunately after our first night stay, a medical problem developed and the staff went out of their way to help us in any way they could, including an early departure. (We stayed 2 nights out of 3.) The hotel was conveniently located for the bus touristic, the Picasso Museum, and for restaurants nearby. I'd strongly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>holidayreviews
<Content>great stay in duquesa de cardona Stayed at the duquesa de cardona in Nov 2006, very nice locationGOOD - correspondence via e-mail before arrival - excellent, quiet (front of house) nice helpful staff - nothing was too much bother, clean rooms, great bathrooms, great location - step out of the front door in either direction and you're in the hub of it, tourist bus route stop 100 mtrsONLY BAD POINTS - front rooms had traffic noise (but what do you expect you are in the middle of a major city) limited room service (although sandwiches great to eat when you get in late!!) loads of good eating within striking distanceWould stay here again  
<Date>Nov 26, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>hywel
<Content>A wonderful hotel This is an amazing hotel in the centre of Barcelona. It is on the edge of the old town and has an amazing terrace with a great view over the marina and port. The pool is rather small a bit like a large bath rather than a swimming pool, but there are tables and chairs together with loungers, although as it was November we did not use them.The rooms are a good size and air conditioned if it gets too hot. We were lucky to have a room with a view over the Passeig de Colom, which we did not find too noisy unlike some other reviewers. The en suite bathrooms are large and the shower was very good.The breakfast was included in our room booking (14 Euros usually) and was a continental buffet style. We thought that it was a good selection with cold meats, cheeses, bread, fresh fruit, freshly squeezed fruit juices, various pastries and some traditional Spanish touches as well.The best feature however was the friendly staff. They could not do enough for you. An another touch that was a first for us was a card that they sent round the night before telling you what the weather forecast for the next day was meant to be, tehy even gave you a choice of air freshener that the housekeeping staff could offer.We have already recommended this hotel several times and have only been back two days!  
<Date>Nov 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Chicagobdaygal
<Content>Chicagoans happy w/Duquesa My husband and I spent 5 days @ the Duquesa a couple of weeks ago and we had an enjoyable stay. We arrived super early and the hotel allowed us to check in before noon! Room is a decent size but doesn't have much storage/closet space.Bathroom is huge but like hotel in Madrid shower door covers only 1/2 of shower, also shower head moved and we flooded the bathroom floor twice. Very clean, prompt service. We had room 43 facing the main street Calle de Colom - bar next door only noisey during our Fri night stay. Hotel very close to Las Ramblas and it's possible to walk (long walk) to most attractions. Little deli across from PapaBubble (candy maker) on Amble had great little sandwhiches. We felt pretty safe in Gothic district (except for the really small/dark streets). Would certainly return again.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	3	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Kayla_0001
<Content>Enjoyable stay. My boyfriend and I booked a 4 night stay, we thoroughly enjoyed all 4 nights within the hotel. The hotel staff are very helpfull and friendly and the atmosphere in the hotel is perfect for peace and quiet. We did not include breakfast in our booking which from reading other reviews was a good thing, we did however have breakfast room service one morning which we found was overpriced for what is was, however was a delicious treat! The hotel is situated in a lovely spot, close walk to all popular attractions especially La Rambla, the marina lays right outside and is lovely to walk around, particularly when the sun shines. We had a room without a view at the back which we found to be lovely and quiet although looked onto a window but with black out curtains it suited us fine. Unfortunately due to bad weather our stay wasn't pefect but the hotel (and company) made it extremely enjoyable.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Count of Monte Crisco
<Content>Mixed experience if you are American. We stayed here for three days before our cruise. Overall we enjoyed our stay, but there were a few downsides, many of which have been mentioned in previous reviews.Good points:Desk staff very polite and helpful.Called for extra towels and they arrived within minutes.The bathroom was huge, clean and beautiful.The shower had tons of water pressure and hot water.The bed was large and comfortable.Air conditioning worked well.Room and bath was very clean.Less than good points:Room was very small by American standards.Overlooked a cruddy, noisy back street.The noise was very bad until the bars close. The window did not close/seal tightly, which added to the noise level.Sad looking breakfast for 14 euros.Overall, I think if we were going to stay for a longer time, we would look for something different or upgrade to a larger room overlooking the main street. The location is excellent, within walking distance of many things to see and do. The small size of the room was somewhat offset by the high ceilings and the marvelous bathroom. There was one strange thing about the design of the shower...there was no shower curtain or door. Taking a shower basically floods the bathroom. We stayed in room 26.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2006
<Rating>4	2	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Audri
<Content>Not as good as we hoped My husband and I stayed at this hotel a week ago. I chose it specifcally for its location (opposite Port Vell and next to the Barri Gotic) and its rooftop pool area. A Tripadvisor reviewer recommended Room 43 on the third floor so I emailed and requested it and that was what we were given. It was a lovely room with a large bathroom, 2 fluffly white robes, slippers, a very comfortable bed, a mini bar, a safe, excellent air con and best of all French doors leading to a balcony with absolutely wonderful views of the old port. The hotel itself was spotless with a pleasant reception area and a rooftop terrace with again, amazing views. There were also two PCs with free internet access.On the negative side: Despite being on the third floor, street noise was clearly audible - lots of sirens, street cleaning lorries and road maintenance work. Thank goodnes we were tired. The rooftop terrace is small with only a splash pool, three loungers (stained cushions and rather worn) and a few tables and chairs with umbrellas. We were never lucky enough to find a space. After sight seeing in the heat we looked forward to a pool and lounger but the terrace was always occupied by screaming children in the pool and there were never any seats available. Breakfast was an additional 16 Euros each and not worth the price. The choice was limited and finished items were not replaced. The breakfast room itself was a tight squeeze with only 3 couples in it . Can't imagine what they do when its busy. The staff cleaning the rooms were superb but the reception staff (well one female in particular) could do with some customer care training. We had booked for a 5 night stay but after 2 days without being able to use the terrace we left and checked into the Hotel Grand Central around the corner (see review) .NB: Take a shower cap. This hotel does not supply them.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	5	5	3	3	5	

<Author>Anna1410
<Content>Barcelona Gem In the heat of Barcelona and the noise of the bustling city, this lovely little hotel was pure heaven, set right on the front of Port Vell, only 10 minutes from the beach, Las Ramblas and the Barri Gottic district, you really couldn't wish for a better location.Polite staff, peaceful surroundings, cool settings, pool deck on the top floor to cool off in the hot afternoons.I have to say that this hotel made our stay near perfect.We will definately go back to this hotel again.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>carolinemac
<Content>Very stylish hotel A friend and I took our two 11 year old daughters for a 3 day break to Barcelona and had spent a considerable amount of time surfing the net looking for a good hotel. We came across the Duquesa de Cardona on TripAdvisor and decided to book on the strength of many of the reviews. However, we booked direct with the hotel as they were running an offer which included breakfast.The hotel was spotless, the reception staff were extremely helpful and welcoming, and the bedrooms/bathrooms faultless (most comfortable bed I have ever slept in) - we chose 2 inter-connecting rooms which I would highly recommend for families. The roof-top terrace was great with gorgeous views of the port - the pool, although only a 'plunge' pool, was ample for cooling off and the girls easily managed a few 'strokes'.Only a short 5 minute walk to the bottom of the Ramblas and very handy for the Barcelona Tourist buses which also stop at the end of the Ramblas. My only small critisism would be the breakfast. Although breakfast was included in our price, I'm not sure I would have paid the 12 euros that it would have normally cost - it just did not seem worth the money. Staff were also a little slow replenishing items that had run out and the selection was a bit limited.Overall, this is an excellent hotel, with a stylish decor and in July/August, the air-conditioning in the bedrooms and the communal areas is an absolute life-saver!! We will definitely be back - loved it!!  
<Date>Aug 13, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Maty
<Content>Not worth of four stars Style: Modern hotel. The hall is not particularly attracting, however it gives the impression of a clean and new buildingLocation: On the Passeig de Colom next to the Old Harbour (Port Vell). Central but in a relatively quite zone. The area seemed safe, also in the night.Rooms: modern but not very large. I had an inner room, with no view, however there are rooms with sea view, but I suppose they are noisier. The furniture was modern, but essential: a writing table, two chairs, LCD TV on the minibar, a wall wardrobe (not very large indeed), two bed-tables. Bathroom had a large shower.Breakfast: very poor for a four star hotel. Hotel was full and breakfast room was too little, so you have to wait to have breakfast. If some food was terminated it wasn鈥檛 refilled so best be the first. Poor choice of pastries, very small quantity of cereals and dried fruit. Really did not deserve the waiting.Service: very friendly staff at reception; not so friendly in the breakfast roomThe good: location and terrace looking over the harbourThe bad: breakfast and inner rooms a little darkPrice: double inner room during last April weekend 鈧?200 per night, breakfast includedDon鈥檛 think I would stay there again  
<Date>Aug 9, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Couldn't fault it. Spent our Honeymoon in this very stylish hotel. Perfect location which maintains the balance of being very close to La Ramblas, Port Vell, beach etc etc but is just secluded enough to be quiet and romantic. But from talking to the other guests, it seemed great for families too.Very helpful staff. We loved the terrace with it's plunge pool, perfect for relaxing in the sunshine.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>azarzana
<Content>Wonderful Hotel As this was my first visit to Barcelona we booked the Duquesa de Cardona based on the reviews posted on this web site. As soon as we walked in the front door we were greeted with a warm reception. The room I requested was #43 facing the front of the hotel and over looking the Marina both the bedroom and bathroom were large and very clean when we return we will stay here again. The staff was very helpful and spoke very good english. Ask for a room in the front as the rear rooms face a building and are some what smaller. Great loacation a short walk to the La Rambla and the Picasso Museum.  
<Date>May 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>AnastaciaBeev
<Content>Brilliant I stayed in this hotel recently, with work colleagues, I could not fault it at all, very nice location, great room, great bathroom. Well worth the stay.  
<Date>May 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ShonaStonehaven
<Content>Excellent hotel and location Excellent hotel in a great location for exploring Barcelona. Very clean hotel with extremely helpful staff. Will definately go back.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>inenbasket
<Content>Excellent! Stayed 7 nights in mid january in this lovely hotel.Mailed in advance and requested a room with sea view and this was what we got.The hotel and room were absolutely immaculate and very well presented and furnished, and very welcoming.Staff quick and easger to help, very polite and attentive.Little touches like the weather forecast and temperature for the following day delivered to your room every evening make all the difference. Air con in the room excellent also. Far enough from the ramblas to be quiet- close enough to walk it in a couple of minutes. This really is an excellent location. It is on a main(ish) road but the glass on the french window doors is very thick- so when closed no noise. Even when open it wasnt very loud. Certainly quieter than the ramblas if you were to choose a hotel there!No shortage of fantastic restaurants no more than a couple of minutes walk away.Will not hesitate to stay there again! A classy place!  
<Date>Apr 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lovel hotel Took my boyfriend for his 30th Birthday. When we checked in the hotel staff offered us an upgrade to an executive room,at no extra charge, this was with a view out to sea. (It was a smoking room, but the room did not have any smoke smells). Delightful hotel, very helpful staff on reception, advising us of restaurants etc. Lovely roof Terrace with nice views, very small pool (didn't use it because the temperature was quite cool). Ideal location, close to Las Ramblas and Gothic area, approx 5-10 mins walk. About a 25 min walk to the Olympic port, or a short taxi ride (taxis were inexpensive). Only point of aggravation was TV in the room had terrible reception, but room was very pleasant with a large very comfortable bed, and large marble bathroom. Would definitely recommend this hotel, and will stay there again, which I will do when the weather is warmer, so as to enjoy the beach, and Olympic Port. The bars and restaurants were quite quiet, perhaps the nightlife picks up more when the weather is better? All in all a very enjoyable 4 nights!  
<Date>Mar 30, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>did their best Nice hotel in good location to go to the port, rambla and barrio gotico. The room was very nice, but with a rather small window to the back. One night was loud due to a party across the street, but apart of the usual street noise in spanish cities it was very ok. The hotel is nicely done and very clean. The roof top has a stunning view and very stylish. The staff was friendly and gave recomendations for going out.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fist Time in Barcelona Having read previous reviews I emailed the hotel direct to confirm our Expedia booking and to get a room with a sea view. This may cost more but is definitely worth the money, and is a reassurance for first-time visitors. The room was comfortable and the views worth every extra euro. The pool on the top floor is small but you should try the experience of swimming while watching the world go by on the promenade below! The hotel staff were also really helpful with any help that we needed. The hotel restaurant is only open in the afternoons, but there are plenty of good cheap (and some very good but very expensive) places to eat within a short walk. Seafood paella should not be missed. English guests should remember that if they ask for tea they must also remember to ask for milk!  
<Date>Mar 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>ArdMhacha
<Content>Lovely hotel A lovely hotel - excellent location, beside the Ramblas and Port and the Barri gothic quarter. The only problem is that if you go for a sea view the noise of the road is very high.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>starfish2005
<Content>Good hotel - booked from Trip Advisor recommendations Just back from a 2 night stay at this lovely hotel. Good location - turn left at the end of Las Ramblas and walk for about 5 minutes and it's on your left hand side.Good sized room. Excellent air-con / heating. Roof terrace would be great in the summer.The staff on reception were really helpful and made phone calls to sort out a ticket collection issue we had for a concert.Brilliant seafood restaurant on the port. Turn left out of the hotel and walk to the next big junction. Cross over the road towards the sea and in the large building in front of you at the end there is a great restaurant - we showed up at 10.30 on Saturday night and they fitted us in. Good food and great service.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Kauai50
<Content>Quaint hotel near the Gothic Quarter       The Hotel Duquesa de Cardona  
<Date>Jan 24, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved this hotel stayed 3 nights before xmas. Hotel style is really good and rooms are large and confortable. Bathroom is big and very clean.I liked a lot the position, on the sea but near to the ramblas and the port. Staff was also really efficient and nice with us.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>timmytwoshoes
<Content>Very Nice I stayed at the Duquesa de Cardonda for 2 nights with my son for a pre xmass break.Very pleased with the hotel and staff .Well worth the cost.Only 2 faults (in our eyes)No tea/coffee making in rooms.My room at the rear left hand side (47) over looked an ally way with a late night bar ,very loud at 1am.but what do you expect in a city centre.will re visit but pay extrea for a seaview room  
<Date>Dec 25, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Hylasgirl
<Content>Loved this hotel First, I don't know how anyone could say that this hotel was quite a way from Las Ramblas??? It was right around the corner. We are going to Barcelona again next year and we have reserved our same room that we had last year. It was a beautiful hotel. Very nice sized rooms and awesome bathrooms, plus it had great A/C and a great view from the roof top restuarant and pool. We had room 33 and it had a small balcony that looked out over the marina and it was awesome. We could easily walk to Port Olympic (where there are WAY more options in dining than Las Ramblas has) The staff was friendly and for next year we booked with them direct... didn't bother with Expedia, and we just had to give them a CC # to hold the room... with Expedia you have to pay up front.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great hotel,great location We stayed at this hotel for five nights during August. The hotel is housed in a lovely historic building directly overlooking the marina, close but not too close, to Las Ramblas, on the edge of barri gothic quarter. The rooms are contemporary with very comfortable beds and luxury bathrooms. We were fortunate enough to be 'upgraded' to a room at the front with a great view across the marina and across to barcaloneta, although rooms at the rear have a nice aspect onto an interesting street. Service was faultless, all our requests to reception for extra towels for the pool, coathangers etc. were dealt with in less than ten minutes. The roof top terrace and plunge pool is a lovely place to chill out after a busy day in the city. Take a day trip on the train to Sitges, ( 30 mins) for a great day out, if you have the time, although there is so much on offer in the city itself.... A lovely comfortable character hotel.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Sussexbabe
<Content>Stay here to be close to lively Las Ramblas but not on it!! We stayed at this hotel for 4 nights for our honeymoon. It is beautifully decorated and a very calming environment. Our room was huge with lots of space and although it faced the street there was never much noise at all. In fact the room was wonderful to come into after a hard day's walking as it had air-con. A real bonus was the electronic safe in the room which you programme with your own code when you arrive - that meant that we could leave everything (passports, extra cash, cards) in our room with no worries at all. The hotel is really well placed. It is 5 minutes walk to the bottom end of Las Ramblas (where there is also a metro station) or you can walk up through the old streets parallel to Las Ramblas to get to Placa de Catalunya - about a 20/25 minute walk from the hotel if you don't get distracted by other stuff! Cross the road in front of the hotel and walk over to Barceloneta  the beach - about 10-15 minutes walk with plenty of cafes on the way. We booked room only and didn't use the hotel for any food. The cost of food in the hotel struck us as expensive and so we used the cafes in the local area for breakfast - if you turn right when you come out of the hotel and walk towards Las Ramblas there is a little square a few minutes walk away. We breakfasted at tables in the square (2 coffees and croissants for 3 euros!) which was lovely in the summer sunshine. We also had breakfast twice at a cafe (La Gondeleria i think) which was down the street which runs at the back of the little square, walking towards Las Ramblas still - that was also good value and friendly. And also at the back of the little square is a restaurant called Fresco which is one of about 5 across Barcelona. There is a set charge for lunch or dinner (7 or 9 euros which includes a glass of wine!) and then you eat as much as you like from the delicious selection of salads, pasta and pizza. Overall, the hotel gave us a good base from which to explore Barcelona as it is well placed for the old town, Las Ramblas and the beach.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel, great location We have just returned from a five day break at Duquesa De Cardona and can highly recommend it. Travelling for a short break with another couple we found the location great, the hotel was great and the air conditioning superb - great as the temperature was over 90 degrees throughout our stay. The pool on the roof is small but makes a very welcome addition to this hotel to cool down in after a day sight seeing or sunbathing at the beach which is a mere 10 minutes walk away. We had paid for sea view rooms which were located on the fourth floor and found this to be clean, ample size and very nicely decorated.The bus touristica is a must and takes you to all the high spots of Barcelona. The Pablo Espagnol is great for shops and the Park Guell is a must, we spent nearly a whole day there! Found all the restaurants great with Boga Boga nearby excellent. The staff at the hotel were more than helpful and any requests we made for additional pillows and towels for the pool were with us within minutes. We didn't arrive in Barcelona until evening and I did ring the hotel to confirm our late arrival, they noted this on our booking and this was not a problem. We will return to the hotel and would certainly recommend it to family and friends.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>WaltonReviews
<Content>Enjoyable stay in Barcelona The hotel is well situated for the marina, Las Ramblas and many other city tourist spots. Although there is a busy main road in front of the hotel the room we stayed in was well soundproofed so noise was not a problem. The reception staff were very friendly and the rooms were tidyied on a daily basis and restocked with toiletries and linen. The standard rooms are smaller than expected but were very clean. We did not use the breakfast facilities of the hotel as there are plenty of very reasonably priced cafes nearby.One concern I did have was that the hotel were storing linen and rollaway beds on the escape stairs!I would recommend this hotel for a short stay.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>ysgf24
<Content>Wonderful location - Great hotel Spent a long while wwwesearching a location for our weekend trip to Barcelona and was not in the least disappointed with the Duquesa de Cardona. Close to Ramblas, on the edge of the Barri Gotico, a short walk to Barceloneta ... couldn't really be bettered. As a result of the comments in other reviews on Trip Advisor, I took the precaution of reconfirming our reservation by phone on the morning of our arrival and they happily confirmed and our room was ready for us.The hotel itself is very comfortable and 'hip designer' in style, if a little bland. The service was generally excellent; we requested extra pillows and they arrived in five minutes; we asked Reception to check whether Barca had cancelled their Sunday match as a result of the Pope's death and they immediately got through to the stadium. A minor quibble was that on none of the three days we stayed was there any fruit immediately available for breakfast .... the buffet was allowed to run right down to empty before they filled up. And one of the servers obviously wanted to do ANY job other than customer service! But, if you were quick enough to grab her attention before she could fix it on the ceiling again, you could get the buffet refilled .... and the quality of food was pretty good when it arrived.We will definitely use this hotel again. Classy enough, brilliant location and not too expensive.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Place            
<Date>Mar 17, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Brilliant Returned from Barcelona just 2 days ago after having a brilliant weekend there. I spent ages looking for a decent hotel and was really happy with the choice that I had made. If you are going as a couple then this hotel is perfect. The rooms are nice and clean and the bathroom is good too. The service is also second to none, for example, I went to reception and asked for an iron and it was at my room before I had even got back!!The location is also brilliant. Literally a minutes walk to the bottom of the Rambla strip but also out of the way so as not crowded by the hustle and bustle of the main entertainment strip.Only one negative point though. One staff member on reception needs some serious customer service training as she came across as rude when ever I spoke to her. Apart from her all the other staff were really helpful.I thoroughly reccommend this hotel if you are visiting Barcelona as a couple.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beware! We made a reservation via Expedia, which was confirmed by e-mail. When we arrived at the hotel they firstly cliamed to have no record of the booking, then found the booking which they had cancelled. It appears that the hotel deliberately takes too many bookings and then bounces the people who have booked at the lowest rates! The hotel did not advise Expedia or ourselves. Expedia were very helpful. The hotel did very little to help.An Expedia Customer.  
<Date>Feb 8, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>calere
<Content>Quiet somewhat generic hotel, excellent bathrooms This hotel was very western, very quiet. It's near the beach, but quite distant from Las Ramblas (that has both good points and bad). We ended up riding the subway into town. We stayed in early January so the unheated roof-top pool wasn't even a consideration. The beds were comfortable and the rooms were clean. The bathroom was absolutely first-rate with both a deep bathtub and a separate shower stall. Even though everything was wonderful, I was hoping for a more Barcelona experience. This was classy, but generic.  
<Date>Feb 2, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beware this hotel and the online reservation system We made reservations through tripadvisor link based on reviews here. I have a conformation # and they have my credit card #. When driving from France we had some car trouble. Called Duquesa de Cardona to advise that we would be late, they first said that they did not have reservation, then admitted that yes they had reservation but for some reason it had never been posted. The hotel was full and all the other hotels in town were full, Sorry. They did not offer any help, after pleading with them to help us find another hotel, the young woman said she would ask her manager and would call us back. After an hour and not hearing from them, I called back Oh yes, we have booked you into the AC Barcalona a **** Hotel and gave me a phone #. AC Barcelona is in the middle of no mans land. We checked in and Called Majestic Hotel and told them our story. They found us a room in their hotel for the next four nights. The City was sold out, but the Majestic accommodated us. The Duquesa de Cardona could have cared less!  
<Date>Nov 19, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful hotel, great location If you like a beautifully appointed room (furniture, linens, lighting) you won't be disappointed. We stayed here three nights in Oct. 2004. Somewhere I got the idea the hotel faced the sea on one side (which it does) and the gothic quarter on the other (which it doesn't). If you have a room with a sea view, it's great, but otherwise you will have a room with a very small window that faces the light well. No views of the gothic quarter for which I was quite disappointed. Our room was lovely but dark -- it faced the light well. It was also much smaller than I expected though the gorgeous attention to detail in furniture, linens, lighting, and bath amenities made up for that. The location is nice, just steps away from the gothic quarter and Ramblas and free use of the hotel's internet connection -- great for checking email.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LauraF
<Content>Ask for a room with a sea view! We booked the hotel on the back of the great reviews on this site. We had booked a standard double and were given a depressingly dark room at the back of the hotel. It only had a small window and the neighbouring apartments were so close that all the light was blocked. Plus we were down on the 2nd floor, there would probably be more light higher up.To see anything (even during the day) we had to have the lights on - trouble was, when the lights were on people in the opposite could directly into the room (which they did, when my husband got out of the bath and didnt realise they were out on their balcony looking right in... very embarassing). The hotel said they were fully booked and couldnt offer us another room. We were meant to stay 3 nights but left after 1. The room was not a nice, relaxing place to be and just wasnt worth the money.It was a real shame because the rest of the hotel is fantastic, especially the rooftop terrace (excellent views of the harbour lights at night) and pool. Plus it is in a fantastic location by the Gothic Quarter.Probably, if we had paid the extra money to get a room with a sea view at the front (which would hopefully have more light) we would have quite happily stayed there and would have had a totally different opinion.So if you stay here, dont book a standard room, pay the extra cash and book one with a sea view. It would be well worth it.Or if you do book a double ask them to make sure its not at the back!!  
<Date>Oct 22, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Hoboken Traveller
<Content>A Beautiful Boutique hotel I spent HOURS looking for the perfect hotel for our honeymoon in Barcelona as well as the right price. Based on reviews from here, we went with the Duquesa de Cardona (and booked online with them directly on their website which proved to be very good prices).What a FANTASTIC hotel. The hotel is right on the harbour - very close to the beach, Barceloneta, Old Town and all of the great little bars and tapas restaurants.I can not recommend this hotel highly enough, Excellent service, very comforatble beds, marble bathrooms and a lovely rooftop - think grand scale luxury but at a smaller boutique size.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect place to stay We stayed here on our honeymoon- great service, very nice building with modern rooms and ammenities. We got a room with a view of the harbor, which was nice. They also gave us a free, chilled bottle of Cava!The location is excellent, backing right onto Barri Gotic. Highly recommended.We stayed in many 4 star hotels on our honeymoon, and this was probably our favorite.  
<Date>May 17, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>edith1911
<Content>New    showReview(1868858, 'full');   
<Date>May 4, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We loved it.   showReview(1758141, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 31, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Travel57
<Content>wonderful suite   showReview(1662670, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 20, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>MollyDancer
<Content>Lovely and convenient   showReview(1513138, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 11, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect city break location   showReview(1143421, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 22, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Noisy but smartly decorated   showReview(1103787, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 21, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A 5star Hotel for a 3star price.   showReview(1090032, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 16, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What no Bar? - Don't Worry!   showReview(977668, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 22, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not so impressed!!   showReview(913565, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 12, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Perurican
<Content>Loved the Kings sized canopy bed   showReview(907607, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 4, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel bien situ茅, petit...   showReview(20770254, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Jung und dynamisch   showReview(19632854, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 23, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Es war zwar nur ein...   showReview(17272789, 'full');   
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>harpoParis
<Content>tr茅s bien situ茅   showReview(15934944, 'full');   
<Date>May 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Pr锚t 脿 y retourner sans h茅sitation   showReview(15567688, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>netter Service,   showReview(14736740, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 19, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>polipo61
<Content>Ottimo hotel   showReview(13426200, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un hotel bien plac茅   showReview(13202914, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 11, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel tr猫s bien situ茅   showReview(11377646, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 10, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hat allen gut gefallen   showReview(11377645, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 9, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Buon hotel solo le camere sono...   showReview(11407530, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 28, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Alexandre_06
<Content>Bon hotel               More photos  
<Date>Jun 17, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel con muy buena ubicaci贸n...   showReview(11407531, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 2, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>L'albergo era ottimo, sia come...   showReview(16725387, 'full');   
<Date>May 11, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Mi sembra ozioso qualunque...   showReview(11407532, 'full');   
<Date>May 10, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

