<Author>McNeils
<Content>Great value My wife and i stayed at this hotel for four nights. The shuttles that this hotel offers are incrediable. We used them to go to an NFl game, as well as pikes place, space needle and other venues as well. The shuttles made the tyrip because we never had to search for parking. The room was very large. Ask for a top floor room on the back side, these are the quietest rooms. This hotel will be great for travelers wanting a clean room to sleep in. This hotel will not work for people wanting to spend a great deal of time at the hotel , as there are few ammenties. we will stay here again.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	5	5	3	

<Author>LAH_in_Lansing
<Content>It's okay A very average hotel for the money.The room was very small and it can be a very long walk down the outdoor walkway from your unit to the nearest staircase.The room was clean, however. And the shuttle was a well-appreciated amenity considering the cost of parking downtown.Overall, I probably wouldn't stay here again or recommend it to anyone.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	3	3	3	

<Author>Penrose81
<Content>Worked well for us After reading some reviews, belatedly, I was worried this would be noisy. However, we actually enjoyed our stay. We had a downstairs unit with a hydrotherapy tub, our reason for booking here. It was comfortable, clean, pleasant. The bus service to downtown was VERY helpful. One slight downside: as others have mentioned, this unit does not have a private bathroom! Strange. Mostly not a problem, just when my inlaws stopped in and wanted to use the facilities, we all vacated out of respect for their privacy. We liked the location; much more attractive, safer-feeling, and convenient than the south of Seattle locations where we have sometimes stayed out of concern for our budget.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>twotravelBlaine_Wa
<Content>Find someplace else We booked a baseball package in March for $350. Promised level 100 tickets, a room, shuttle service, and other accouterments. Turned out they forgot to get the tickets until a couple of months later (and that's only because I'd called to reconfirm!) and had us in the 300 level - for the SAME PRICE. They agreed to let us cancel the package, keep the room and get our own tickets. I requested an early check in so we could catch their shuttle service (which left before check in time). I requested this NO LESS than three times prior to arriving - even checking 2 hours prior to check in time of the same day. NO ONE I talked to thought to mention that the shuttle was first come first serve. NO ONE I talked to thought to put our name on the shuttle list. When we checked in the front desk girl told us the shuttle was booked....as was the next one at 6pm and just sort of stared at us. We were in the process of just leaving when a gentleman offered an additional 5pm shuttle which we took. I will never stay there again. The front desk girl should be working somewhere out of public contact and after hearing complaints from other guests too, I don't think this facility is anywhere close to being all it's trying to come off as.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2008
<Rating>1	3	2	2	2	1	-1	-1	

<Author>rkramadh
<Content>Great for pre and post cruise I did a lot of research online before booking this hotel. I took it for its location and low price, as we needed to be close to the Pier prior to our cruise. There is a huge mall within walking distance and also a Target etc which came in handy for us to pick up some last minute items prior to our cruise. We got free shuttle service to and fro from the pier and the van driver Bruce was friendly, helpful and courteous. The room had two queen beds, small fridge, coffe maker, TV. Room was not fancy but was clean (especially the very clean bathroom) and more than sufficient, particularly given the price of $129 per night in peak summer in Seattle! We took the shuttle even to downtown and got picked up late that night after our dinner...cab would have cost us close to $100 two way!!! It can take time sometimes if they have lots of passengers to pick up and people are not in their designated spot on time. People expecting luxurious hotel in Seattle for THIS price haven't done their research or are not well travelled is my conclusion!  
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	3	4	3	4	4	

<Author>eurotourist75
<Content>Room ok, breakfast disappointing As others said, this is not a luxury hotel, so, manage your expectations! I have been to better hotels at a similar price, but it might be that it's Seattle in general that is more expensive... Our room at Nexus (at the back of the hotel, quieter) was clean, modern and spacious, although one may not like the external corridor. We didn't use the free shuttle as the schedule was not convenient to us, but bus 16 runs just outside of the hotel.I know free breakfast is always a plus, but this was disappointing. Food was the same you would get at similarly priced hotels, however the ambience was the thing that really made me realise I was in budget hotel: plain walls, disposable dishes and cutlery, black tablecloths giving an idea of dirt, big black rubbish bins with the lid open... If you care about these things you may prefer to skip the free breakfast at the hotel and go to Starbucks just across the road.Overall, this hotel is not bad, but not exciting either.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	2	3	3	3	3	

<Author>cougarpride
<Content>OVERPRICED! I stayed a week and regretted it. On the website it seemed modern, but when I got there I was seriously disappointed. It was trying to be something it obviously isn't. It said it was pet friendly, however, when I got there with my two dogs I had no place to walk them. They didnt even provide a patch of grass. So why the pet fee? If you want to go to walk your dog you better be prepared to either walk or drive 2 miles to Green Lake Park, which can be hassle to do in the morning before going to work. The toilet was backed up and despite calling the front desk the afternoon it happened they sent someone the next morning. The shower curtains are so short that the floors get easily wet. The wireless was non responsive...most of the time not even working. I called the internet service provider but even after doing so it never worked. I had to get an ethernet cable. They only offered about five channels and HBO so if you are there for an extended stay you may get a bit bored. The layout of the building was pretty bad too. You can't open the curtains to your room without everyone being able to see in there...no privacy at all. So i had to stay there with the curtains drawn which can get a bit sad. It is also located on a very busy street and I heard sirens mulitple times a day. On a positive note, the breakfast was good, front desk staff were very accomodating with faxes I needed sent or received and the housekeeping staff provided good service and friendly.I was expecting something more for almost $200 dollars a night with a govt rate. For overnight stays it is ok, but anything longer or a person with pets can do better elsewhere.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	1	4	3	2	1	

<Author>ChicagoBruce
<Content>Hotel Nexus - Great for Seattle visit Spent 2 nights at Hotel Nexus in Early July with my wife and 2 children. We chose it because of the reasonable rates AND the shuttle service provided to downtown. What a convenience!After reading other TripAdvisor reviews I booked a room, requesting the back side of the Hotel. I don't know if was noisy on the street side, but it was quiet as can be where we were. The room was clean and comfortable. The was a small problem with air flow from the air conditioner, but after I called the front desk a member of the engineering staff showed up in ~5 minutes and fixed it.The continental breakfast was good. The best amenity was the shuttle service to points throughout downtown. We were dropped off by the Space Needle in the morning and after a full day sightseeing we walked to a Mariner's game and got picked up south of the ballpark after the game for our return to the hotel. It was great! Parking downtown would have been at least $20 staying in one spot. I'm so glad we stayed at the Nexus and I would do it again. (P.S. tip the shuttle drivers, they're worth it.)Bruce from Chicago  
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>REAL1268
<Content>Less than Expected Now I know why I their website doesn't show pictures of the rooms. When I walked into my room I was completely disappointed. The chair and ottoman had stains on it, the room was so much smaller than I expected (even for a king size bed), and it just wasn't what I envisioned, based on the only image they had on their website (a bathtub near the bed.) I know they remodelled this hotel, but it looked like they were trying to pull off something really trendy and then just stopped! Best part was the shower. They have an over head shower head, that was great. The hotel is right off the freeway, on a very busy street. Definately not for the person who wants a quiet relaxing vacation stay. I couldn't wait to leave. Good for over night trips, but I wouldn't want to stay here even on a business trip. On a positive note, the staff was very accomodating and the lobby very cute.  
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>2	1	2	2	2	3	3	4	

<Author>AKaroundtheworld
<Content>Pros and cons of Hotel Nexus I stayed at Hotel Nexus from a Thursday afternoon through Sunday morning. There are some good things and some not so good things about this hotel. I chose the hotel primarily for the location and for the fact that they provide a shuttle to the Childrens Hospital (as well as other area hospitals and attractions) where I was visiting. The good things about the location are the proximity to the freeway, and the Northgate mall. Also there is a very good restaurant next door. The bad things about the location are the proximity to the freeway (noisy) and the fact that the hotel is located on a busy road that connects to the freeway. The best thing about the hotel itself was the housekeeping staff. The room was very clean, the housekeepers were friendly and I never woke up to the sound of housekeeping calling to each other or vacuuming next door like I have had in some hotels. In fact, the housekeeping staff were the friendliest people at the hotel. The front desk staff, one in particular, were cold and not so efficient (almost as if they just didnt care) and unfriendly to the point of being rude. I noticed this with all the guests, not just myself. The other not so good things about the hotel was the look from the outside - very like a budget motel, with the rooms on several levels with their entry doors along a corridor on the outside facing the street (which is not always secure) and the outside just had a shabby tired look. One of the most frustrating incidents involved the internet access. The hotel boasts high speed internet in all the rooms. I was able to get online on Thursday but not at all on Friday or Saturday - it seems the hotel was full and the internet was busy and the signal was very weak. It was very frustrating as I was not able to be online again until Sunday morning. The hotel was very noisy, you could hear the guests in all the surrounding rooms, and while this is not the fault of the hotel, I had an upstairs neighbor who paced his floor (my ceiling) ALL NIGHT LONG for both Thursday and Friday night. Overall, I would not recommend this hotel. I was not in one of the premium rooms with the soaker tub however, but for the amenites and room I had here, you could get a room at another hotel for a better price, like an 8 or Motel6.  
<Date>May 4, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	2	4	1	4	1	

<Author>Victoria_BCMark
<Content>Perfect for the game My son and I stayed at the Nexus overnight from Victoria BC. The hotel was affordable and perfectly located to get to the game in less than 20 minutes. It is also very close to Northgate Mall where we did some shopping and had a good meal. The room was clean and the staff were very friendly. The parking lot was well lit and safe. It is exactly what you would expect for the price. Great bargain, great location.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Clam_Sandwich
<Content>perfectly fine Nothing fancy, but slightly better than some of the usual chain motels. Recent construction upgrade probably helped. My room was clean and on the less noisy, non-highway side.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	3	3	2	

<Author>blatro
<Content>The bad reviews are decieving The only reason that Im writing this is to object to the bad reviews. This is not a resort hotel and one shouldnt expect it to be. My wife and I were there from Saipan for 8 days to visit family. The heat and hot water were perfect. Everything in the room worked. The room was clean and the cleaning staff were friendly. The location and service was great. Public transporattion is right up the street with a direct bus to the U district and downtown. The hotel van will take you for free to anywhere near their route. Lots of convient shopping and eats nearby. I think that those who write the negative reviews are delusional or expect much more than they are willing to pay for.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>elyette
<Content>Good value - but know the location and facility first I stayed at this hotel in October for an event a bit north of downtown the following morning. It is in Northern Seattle, near a shopping mall, in the 'burbs. However, there are good restaurants nearby and good shopping. This facility is a renovated hotel built in the 1970's or early 1980's. The halls are outside. It is near the freeway so if that noise bothers you, ask for a room away from the freeway. You will need to do that in advance. Rooms at this hotel are snapped up quickly because it is very reasonable. Washington locals like me seem to like it. Often in the summer (yes, early October seems to be summer in Seattle) Seattle hotels are overpriced. This one is not. The staff is very accommodating. The hotel is not part of a chain and I could feel that in its positive energy. There is always coffee in the lobby which is the mark of a true Seattle hotel. Although the rooms are very simple, they are clean and safe. The housekeeping staff is great. Again, this is not a fancy place but it is clean, safe and friendly. The energetic staff takes pride in it. They offer shuttle service to the airport too. Especially if you have a car, (there is free parking) It is good value for the money. I'll take that over glamour any day.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	3	5	5	5	4	

<Author>ChicagoTrav
<Content>Ok, but not a business hotel I stayed at this hotel because it was close to a conference I was attending. I would not choose to stay at this hotel if you need to do business. The wireless network barely worked. The signal was so weak that it did not work properly, even after numerous calls to the internet provider. I ended up having to buy an ethernet cord to use my laptop. Also, my phone did not work the first evening of my stay. But, if you want a clean, no-frills place, this will do. The staff was friendly enough, and the continental breakfast in the morning is pretty good. The hotel is not close to the sights, so I would not find it convenient to stay here if you are sightseeing in Seattle. There is really nothing in the neighborhood and very little within walking distance unless you want to visit a below-average shopping mall down the street. If you have problems walking, make sure you room is near the elevator, which is inconveniently located if you were placed, like me, at the end of the hall on the top floor. I ended up taking the stairs, but if you have bad joints or are out of shape, it is not convenient unless your room is near the elevator.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	2	3	3	3	1	

<Author>luneytunz
<Content>Loved the hydrotherapy spa Enjoyed my stay, room was clean, had a broken iron, but not a problem. Very busy, close to shopping, and a good complimentary breakfast, from cereal, oatmeal, boiled eggs...The japanese hydrotherapy spa was great, would def rent that room again!!  
<Date>Jul 31, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	5	

<Author>Minotmom
<Content>Not recommended if looking for clean. Carpet was filthy! Our feet and socks were black within minutes of being in room. The walls in the full kitchen suite were splattered with grease or food. Our 17 month old son had to sleep in a second-hand (manager admitted they purchased used from another business), stained, dirty playpen because they do not provide cribs even though their website stated they did. Front desk was lacking. Cabs were not called when they said they would, we did not get a wake up call the morning of our departure when we requested one the night before, and the free shuttle service was slow. Allow plenty of time to get to your destination. It took one hour to get to the Space Needle from the hotel. We understood this was not a 5 star hotel, but when paying almost $200 a night, we hoped things would have been nicer. We will never stay at this hotel again!  
<Date>Jul 24, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	1	3	3	

<Author>RoadrunnerAgassiz
<Content>Hotel Nexus Seattle Washington Great Place to Stay My wife and I had to go to Seattle, where our daughter had been flown from Vancouver B.C. Canada to give birth to our premature granddaughter.Our daughter had been staying at the Hotel Nexus for approximately three weeks and recommended the Hotel to my wife and myself.Upon calling the Hotel to make reservations the Hotel accomadated our request for a room close to our daughters. Next door in fact. As well the staff were well informed of our daughter and her family.Upon arrival the desk staff were extremely helpful in booking us in, and demonstrated an understanding and knowledge of what was occurring with our daughter and her family and ensured that we were informed while at the same time maintaining confidentaility in regards as to being overheard.We found our Hotel Rooms clean, the pool was in very good condition, and the staff was excellant.I had read previous reviews on the Hotel Nexus which were negative and to be honest I was quite concerned however as I have stated I found the Hotel Nexus to be higher rated than stated.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	4	5	3	

<Author>homenalaska
<Content>Awesome Time I'd already read the previous reviews so called directly and spoke to Lynn, sharing my concerns. She listened and assured me I would not have the same experiences that others had written about so I made plans to spend two nights and catch a couple of Mariners games. Upon arrival we were treated like guests, we found our room to be clean (we were even allowed early check-in at 8 AM). The Mariners game package w/shuttle service was perfect and every staff member I spoke with was very friendtly, courteous, and helpful. I can't speak for other guests, but we were treated very well, our room was cleaned and made up while we were out and about and it was a very pleasant experience. I plan to return to Hotel Nexus for Seahawks games in the future...  
<Date>May 21, 2007
<Rating>5	3	4	3	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>criverz
<Content>What a gem What a gem! We just concluded a perfectly delightful stay at the Hotel Nexus in Seattle, WA. We flew in on a blustery, rainy day, feeling a little bedraggled by a day of traveling, and were immediately warmed and uplifted by the sparkling, personal greetings and reception of the friendly hotel staff. The lobby, and come to discover the rest of the hotel as well, was artfully and tastefully decorated with funky, eccentric, neomodern retro-furnishings, the likes of which I have not seen anywhere else in my travels. In speaking with hotel personnel, they informed me that each piece was handmade exclusively for them by local furniture crafters, and were entirely unique.In our room, the unique and progressive design features continued, and we enjoyed the most comfortable mattress that I have ever slept on. Normally, I make it through a hotel stay with varying amounts of discomfort, but I slept like the proverbial baby and didn't want to get out of that wonderful bed in the morning.All during our stay the staff was extremely helpful, cheerful and genuinely concerned about both our comfort and our tourist experience, recommending (without prompting) any number of local attractions and activities. We loved the area and we particularly enjoyed the hotel. We can't wait to go back!  
<Date>May 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lmmidpoint
<Content>Incompetence I booked ( on the hotel's own website) a room at this hotel specifically for the hydrospa tub in the room. I was taking a test at the University of Washington the next day and wanted to relax the night before. Upon arriving I was informed that they did not have my reservation and did not have any more tub rooms either. Once I did finally get another room, it was just okay, nothing special. The staffer at check out was a joke, I spent 30 minutes waiting for him to shuffle papers, find things he had but got lost in the mess of papers he had going, and to say that my shuttle reservation was on another sheet of paper and that's why they didn't have that one either. After two trips back to the office to get my key turned back on so I could load my stuff in the car (it was 6:30 am), I ended up missing breakfast because of the runaround. Shesh!!!!!!  
<Date>May 10, 2007
<Rating>2	2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>myfamilyof5
<Content>stay away!! We stayed at theis hotel when it was the Ramada Inn a few years back- didn't like it then eitherWe thought they really renovated and upgraded.The website makes it looks good- the only thing nice about it is the lobby.The rooms are small and cramped, yes we are a family with 3 kids but have never had a problem at a Hyatt or other hotels.Aside from that the room looked and felt dirty- when we checked in there were no towels or soap. The bedspreads looked very shabby and when you actually see the covers underneath they has several holes!!- The pillows were a joke- the 1st morning we went out and came back at 2pm- the room hadn't been cleaned- okay- so when they did come in she changed the sheets, not pillowcases, no did she even wipe down the bathroom or sink-Oh yes, when you used the sink it filled up- maybe drano would work- no closet just an area near the bathroom- and yes a plus with microwave and fridge but the area was so tiny, the fride also leaked all over the floor (a nice puddle to step into.)We didn't get a chance to go for the breakfast, so can't comment on that.It is a a very busy street.You can't open the drapes to see light as everyone can see in-The rooms were quite dark-poorly lit.Would not stay there again-  
<Date>Mar 12, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	3	-1	2	

<Author>exiled-scot
<Content>Good value, good location We last stayed there at the end of August for a couple of nights, as we had stayed there previously. This is a hotel that offers good value and is in a good location for shopping. We found the room very clean, and the bed comfortable. The front desk staff were very friendly and helpful and we would definately stay there again. I can't believe all the negative comments about this hotel our experience was excellent.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	3	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>ttheuriet
<Content>Loved the tub, but there are some quirks We were intrigued by the Japanese Hydrotherapy Suites, so we opted to spend a bit more to try it out. Since the tubs, when fully filled, weigh a lot, we expected to be on the ground floor and we were. The tub was FANTASTIC, as was the rain showerhead. BUT, the one downside was that the tub is basically right next to the bed. No biggie, just be prepared. We thought it would be in the separate bathroom area, but it wasn't. Also, for some reason, the bathroom wall (shower  toilet) didn't reach completely to the ceiling. Thus, every sound made in the bathroom could be heard in the room. It's not a big deal for couples I guess, but if you're bunking with a friend or family member, just be aware of that! Otherwise, the hotel was nice and clean, service was fine (although after the first night, the cleaning staff took the hotel-provided robes and didn't replace them, and didn't refill the in-room coffee supplies). The continental breakfast at the adjoining restaurant was initially a bonus for us, but it left much to be desired. It consisted of single-serve cereals, toast/englishmuffin/bagels (which you toasted yourself at the end of the buffet, often resulting in a long wait), oatmeal, hard-boiled eggs, a couple of fruit choices, Yoplait yogurt, juice and coffee. After day one, we opted for the Starbucks across the street. OH, one other quick note -- the hotel does have high-speed internet, but only if you have a wireless card. We thought they might have ethernet cables, but there was no option for that, so we had to upload our vacation photos on dial-up. Needless to say, we decided to wait until we got home, and just bought an extra media card for our camera instead!  
<Date>Sep 8, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	5	3	2	

<Author>Speedy-Vesper
<Content>Loud Front desk personnel were unfriendly and not helpful throughout the stay. Couldn't sleep, because so close to highway. Public Transport not available  
<Date>Aug 22, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>oahutraveler2
<Content>Nightmare on Northgate Way We were visiting family close to this location so decided to try it over much nicer hotels in Seattle. The first morning of our stay water started pouring through the light fixture in the bathroom. We called the front desk who suggested that we take a key for a dirty room and use the shower there. I was told that they did not want to give us a key to a room with a clean shower because they would have to re-clean the room. When they finally agreed to allow us to use a clean shower they told us that they did not know when they would be able to fix our room. We were considering checking out when the manager told us that if we stayed the next night that we had reserved she would make sure that we would be taken care of. Although the room was cleaned when we returned, taking care of us was a $10 discount on the room which frankly was less than we tipped the maid. The front desk staff was disinterested and somewhat rude, parking was difficult to find and although they said that the hotell was newly remodeled it still looked like a run of the mill Ramada Inn. It's near a hospital and you will hear sirens all night long. Good luck if you stay here.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>New Name-Nexus, Old Hotel Look We're out of State visitors to the Seattle region visiting our daughter and stayed at the Ramada Inn @ Northgate for 3 nights which were 3 nights too much.There were a few some pro points about the hotel-near the Northgate Mall and highway on-ramp entrances, free parking and continental breakfasts but the cons over-ruled the pro points.Cons-Check in was messed up with a confirmed reservation for a two double bed room, but front desk told us that they had us for a room with single queen size bed.No bell man to take our baggage to our room.The lobby's single elevator is too small to transport 4 adults with baggages.Room number configuration is confusing-odd number  even number rooms on either side of the building. Strange hotel design-coming out of the elevator where all room doors are exposed to the outside part of the building. Hate to check in this hotel when the temperture is in the 20's-30's.Tiny cramp rooms and out-date furniture- lamp with blue poka dots shade  green plastic swivel chair.Room's only window is fronting tthe corridor preventing privacy.Air conditioning is NOT central air. It's a stand alone a/c unit that is built in the exterior wall under the window. Our a/c unit's control was broken and could only work when the gauge is at the coldest settings. Instead of freezing, we turn the a/c off and slept in a musty but warmer room.The blankets were thin and the bed sheets were stiff, regardless of their claim of upgrading their beds with new Serta beds, our sleep were not restful.The bathroom faucet couldn't give us any warm water when we turned the handle to the middle, it was hot, hot water. The shower head was loose so on our first shower, water sprayed all over the bathroom floor.The name has changed from the Ramada Inn at Northgate to the Nexus, but it's still an out-dated and a budget class hotel that we definitely won't come back to. For a few bucks more, I'd rather stay at a Marriott and enjoy their superior rooms ,service and ameneties.Overall grade for the nexus hotel- D  
<Date>Jun 28, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

