<Author>MrsMK
<Content>Perfection! I stayed at the Peninsula the 26th to the 28th December 2008 with my husband and son. This was our third trip to Japan and second to Tokyo in two years. Last year we stayed at the Park Hyatt which we liked a lot. Now we decided to try the Peninsula after some indecision, there are so many excellent 5 stars in Tokyo. Luckily we decided on the Peninsula, the hotel is perfection itself! It's hard to find new things to say after so many good reviews. It's our new favourite city hotel and we'll certainly try other Peninsula hotels as well.We stayed in an Executive suite on the 14th floor. The suite was beautifully decorated as the hotel allover. It's elegant and at the same time inviting and warm as my son said. We had a lovely living room with ceiling to floor windows and views over Ginza, my favourite urban view. There was also an old antique telescope in the corner. In the other end of the room there is a desk and dinner table for four persons. There was a beautiful display of almost golden apples on a matt golden plate (plus a bottle of wine) when we arrived. On the other end there is a comfortable sitting group with a large coffee table and an enormous tv with dvd etc. We had some dvd:s with us and it was almost like in the cinema thanks to the surround system.There is an extra toilet in the hallway and one in connection with the bathroom. I don't like these long stories about the Japanese toilets , but I have to tell you ladies that in the latter toilet the upper toilet seat gets up automatically when you enter the cubicle (it also flushes itself automatically and closes the seat). Oh, the bathroom! It's wonderful! There are the normal his and hers washbasins etc etc. It's the spa bath tub that I loved the most. It's enormous, the water comes from inside the marble as a waterfall. You can change the mood lightning and put relaxing spa music on. This was nice as the real spa prices were hair raising to us poor euro people.The bed room is very comfortable, good beds, enormous tv here as well. The best thing was to leave the blind and curtains half open and fall asleep watching the Tokyo lights twinkle.One of the many favourite features was the large dressing room and the dressing table.There's excellent art in the room as well in other parts of the hotel. Don't miss the Void, take a peek out of the windows opposite the elevators.You'll feel at home immediately in this wonderful hotel mostly due to the friendly and at the same time competent staff. I can't thank them enough. Nothing is too much trouble for them. They have even helped me after our stay in a small matter concerning a faulty product bought in a department store. There's lots of staff all over the lobby floor and they seem to anticipate what you need. Everybody seemed to speak excellent English.We had several meals in the Lobby restaurant which was our favourite. Actually we already came here before our stay at the hotel. There was a jazz band in the evenings and on Christmas eve some carol singers as well. That felt very nice and christmassy. The service was more than excellent and the food good. We had one room service breakfast and one really nice in the basement cafe. I recommend the latter. There were lots of bakery articles, vegetables, fruit, salmon, strawberries, joghurt and muesli etc.We used the pool the first evening, it's really nice as well. There was nobody else but us (plus several staff persons, of course). The dressing rooms were nice and well appointed with all the stuff you might need.The hotel arranged us the limousine bus (a normal tourist bus) trip back to Narita, it only took one hour in Sunday morning. We took the train into the city when we arrived, that's ok as well.While in Tokyo, don't be afraid to use the public transport. After the initial confusion it's as easy to use, cheap and it covers the whole city. The hotel is excellently situated near the Hibuya subway station (you can enter trough the basement) and Yurakucho station for the Yamanote line.We'll absolutely stay at the Peninsula again when we are lucky enough to return to Tokyo!  
<Date>Jan 3, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ryu0803
<Content>Almost Perfect!       Front Entrance  
<Date>Dec 30, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tanseaway
<Content>New standards in Tokyo Just stayed in the Peninsula Tokyo over the weekend. I thought the Ritz-Carlton was good, but this hotel managed to exceed even those lofty standards.The hotel is in Ginza - the seriously upmarket shopping and entertainment district of Tokyo. Location is excellent - on a main road, with underground links to 2 subway stations and very close proximity to a Yamanote line station. In other words - a lot of transportation options. 5 minutes' walk from the main Ginza intersection.Check in process was fast and efficient. Everyone in the hotel spoke good English. The concierge service was absolutely superb. Patient, courteous, attentive, and extremely helpful. Japanese service expectations and standards are already a different level to what one would encounter virtually anywhere else in the world - and it may just be the best right here.The room was spacious, well laid out, and packed to the brim with technology. Japanese toilets are well known for being high tech, so it was no surprise to see one here. Other great touches include switch panels which light up when you approach, internet radio, displays showing temperature, humidity, UV, wind chill (!)... A plus for business travelers is the presence of a fax/printer which can be installed on your computer using the drivers which they thoughtfully leave in the drawer. A whole array of inputs for the TV is provided - SD card, memory stick, VGA, on top of the standard coax. A very nice touch for visitors from HK is the presence of 220 volt British style sockets. Another nice touch in keeping with all the tech is the free internet access throughout the hotel.Bed - heavenly. Seriously considered ordering a set. This is one of the best hotel beds I have ever used. Perhaps the best. Bathroom was spacious and well laid out. Walk-in wardrobe was huge - includes a dressing table which could function as a secondary workspace.It looks like the Peninsula is now the place to beat in Tokyo. Given current economic conditions, it may be a while before new challengers are forthcoming. It's expensive, but no more so than other hotels in the class - and certainly far better value than luxury hotels in Europe or America.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Paulip
<Content>Not worth the reputation I am now staying in the hotel and I have a lot of dissatisfaction about the hotel.I am living in the deluxe room and it is facing to the office directly.The staff said I need to pay at least 5000 yens to change to another deluxe room for better view.There is a lot of high tech inside the room but some is just too high tech and not useful and even dangerous. They used Lavazza coffee cooker to provide the hot water, which is very dangerous. I know how to Assembly a computer and write web page , but I don't know how to get hot water safely. I cannot stop the hot water coming out from the machine.There is no fruit complementary despite some website say it is provided.If you have been living in Hong kong peninsula you know it is totally different thing.The cafe downstairs is terrible, decoration is bad and smelly. Bacon is not deep fired.I resend to choose Tokyo Peninsula for my Christmas Holiday .But I will highly recommend Tokyo Hong Kong which I had my wedding in this hotel many years ago.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2008
<Rating>3	1	2	4	3	3	2	3	

<Author>mrsDIY
<Content>Gym gear provided free of charge! There are many luxury hotels in Asia, but Peninsula Tokyo is great to stay in because of their attention to detail. Gym - they will lend you (free of charge) gym workout gear (women's is nice Puma top and mid-length tights), socks, and shoes. Because the Japanese are fastidious about cleanliness, i felt comfortable borrowing these items for use. Fitness centre - they have wireless headsets, so that when i was on the treadmill and elliptical machines, there are no irritating wires from the entertainment system. makes you wonder why other business hotels are not also going wireless! Swimming pool - again, free gear, goggles and swim cap. i didn't like the (over conservative) tankini and mid-thigh swim tights for ladies and would've liked a simple puma one-piece maillot.Mineral water - the Vittel mineral water in the rooms are chargeable. pop down to the gym and pick them up for free in the changing rooms. Coffee machines - each room comes equipped with a Lavazza coffee machine, so you can make your own high quality coffee in the comfort of your room. Bathrooms - when in the bathrooms, check out the mood lighting or spa setting. quite decadent and makes you feel like you're being pampered in Bali. Expensive but worth it - the Peninsula is not cheap, but compared to other hotels around a similar charge, the extras that they provide make it good value. Don't charge you for every little thing.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>travelsny
<Content>Awesome hotel We stayed at the Peninsula for five days and loved this hotel. It's located very near the Ginza and the Tokyo train station so the location for shoppers, business persons, and tourists can't be beat. The hotel is nearly new and for those who have an eye for art the lobby is pretty cool (you'll get it if you see the pictures on the hotel web site). Just don't get breakfast there--it costs a fortune and it actually isn't very impressive. You're better off just walking around the corner to the Ginza where there are literally hundreds of bakeries/high end department store food courts where you can do much better. But the rooms are fantastic--very clean, sort of minimalist style. Our room had a large slab of polished wood as an inner door mounted on tracks between the closet/bathroom/foyer and the large, spacious king bed/living area. The closet is the largest walk-in I have ever seen in a hotel--it actually has a complete make-up table with mirrors, storage drawers, etc., and it's bigger than most hotel's bathrooms!! The two of us could get dressed with more than enough elbow room and our two large suitcases seemed like carry-ons in this cavern. The bathroom is the largest I've seen in any Tokyo hotel--very spacious, with a flat screen TV, stereo, separate walk-in rain shower and tub, luxurious linens and products. The king bed is very comfortable with bedside keypad controls for everything. And the living area, with a small dining table and chairs, separate business desk with fax and internet, large flat screen TV, and comfortable sofa is wonderful. We really can't wait to stay again at the Peninsula.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>AEB72
<Content>Great Luxury Hotel, perfect position Have just returned from a 5 night stay in Tokyo, and loved the Peninsula Hotel. The staff are exceptional, all speak english and will go out of their way to help us. They gave us some great restaurant recommendations also - not necessarily in the hotel and in reasonable price ranges.The rooms are outstanding. Every comfort you could imagine. I loved being able to see the outside temperature each morning, and how you can just tap the bedside table at night and the control panel will light up for you. Little touches like that means every detail has been thought of. The rooms were exceptionally dark and quiet at night.The location is perfect. Across the road from Hibiya Park and the Imperial Palace, with the Hibiya Line submay station below, Ginza station a 5 min walk, and Yurakucho Station also a 5 min walk (where you can access the very handy Yamanote Line). Ginza itself is a mere 5 mins away. Plenty of places to eat and shop at nearby.Highly recommended, and I can't imagine staying anywhere else when I return to Tokyo.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Spottyonetwo
<Content>Great Hotel! Spent three nights at this hotel in August, which is located about two blocks from the beginning of the Ginza and very close to the Imperial Palace.. We arrived at 9.30 p.m. (later than we expected as our flight had been delayed). Check in was prompt and efficient and very friendly. We were shown to our room and all the items that I had requested were already there. The room was on the 23rd floor, - no view though- but really very nice. There was a large walk in closet, with vanity and the bathroom was very big with nice soaking tub and separate shower, as well as separate Toto toilet with all the various buttons. Loved that we never had to lift the toilet lid as it closed and opened automatically! Each day the fruit was replenished (we received kiwis, tangerines, and peaches) which was a great touch. The espresso machine was also nice to have, as well as the little teapot with the great assortment of teas. Bottled water was provided each night and the turndown service included slippers next to the bed. We appreciated the telephone being set to California time as well, and the various buttons giving the wind direction as well as outside temperature! Really nice features! The staff were very pleasant throughout the hotel - always smiling and bowing. Concierge was efficient, but once gave us the wrong directions to the hotel where we were going to get our tour. Luckily the doorman showed us the right way to get to the tour bus! Ate at Peter's which has the most spectacular view of Tokyo, as well as being one of the most beautifully decorated restaurants that I have ever been to. However, the food was so-so and the price rather high, but guess that's a top Tokyo restaurant. We also ate at the lobby coffee shop which was good as well as the little pastry/coffee shop in the lower level, which was good. When we left for the airport, the doormen gave us bottled water for our ride on the bus, which was a nice finishing touch to a really great stay. Would most definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>VeryFrequentTraveler
<Content>The Peninsula Tokyo is my favorite business hotel! The Peninsula Tokyo is my favorite business hotel - and I call it my home away from home. I used to travel very very frequently to Tokyo for business and I always stayed at this hotel. The service is impeccable, the hotel is beautiful and so clean and the facilities are the best I've seen in a hotel anywhere. Everything was always perfect. I highly recommend this hotel to anyone!  
<Date>Aug 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>uffizi
<Content>Magnificent Date: August 5, 2008Reviewer: A Trip Advisor member, Pasadena, California.The Peninsula just opened last year, I have stayed there in Novof last year, June and July in this year.This is the most comfortable hotel. The services were great,the room and toilet are beautifully decorated, and very good size.The Chinese restaurant really tasted good, totally Chinesestyle. ( I went to two very famous restaurants, main branch in Hong Kong, sub-branch one located in Kyoto, and one around the hotel area, very disappointed and expensive. ) The restaurant in the lobby has good food as well, especially the burger, excellent. The sanwiches and cakes down at the basement cafe,excellent as well.The service are excellent, when I asked for a buckwheat pillow,room service brought it up immediately. When checked out,They helped me brought my stuff to the Limousine bus and alsogave me a bottle of water to drink on the way to the airport.I have stayed at many hotels before in Tokyo, and Kyoto. ThePeninsula Tokyo is the # 1 to me.I usually do not like air condition, but I have no complaint as Ifelt the air in the room is crispy clear. Hopefully I describedit correctly. It is such an enjoyment. The hotel is well situated to lots of places, Ginza, Imperial Palace, Kabuki, fish market.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JChua
<Content>Park View Room - Is it worth it? Having stayed in the famed Hong Kong Peninsula, we had decided to pick this new kid on the block over the other newer hotels like the Mandarin Oriental and Ritz Carlton due to its great location near Ginza. Like other reviewers had mentioned, transfers to and fro the airports are relatively easy for this location. From Narita, we simply took the Narita Express to Tokyo station, and its only a 5 minutes taxi ride to the Hotel, costing only 800 yen. On departure, we took a 10-12 minutes cab ride to the Hamamatsu station (for the Haneda airport), costing only 1,400 yen. From Hamamatsu station, frequent monorail trains depart every 10 minutes for the 4 minutes journey to Haneda airport, costing only 470 yen per person. Upon check in, I had asked if a Park View room was available and the response was positive. Great, I thought since such Park View rooms normally only come with breakfast packagages at a much higher rate. With only a 5,000 yen top up from our Deluxe Twin without breakfasts, I thought it was worth the small extras.However, we were being allocated room 1503. Upon entering the huge and nicely appointed room, I was a tad disappointed with the so-called Park View. Half of the scenery outside our window were of tall office buildings, and the other half, the much desired green park. From their website, their Park View room was shown as having a 100% Park view, however, this was not the case with our room. I guess, from their floor plans, probably only rooms ending with numbers 02 and 20 have the full Park view. Hence, do check with the receptionist while requesting for such a view. We, of course, did not let the disappointing view mar our one night stay a little as the huge and beautiful room has more than made up for it. The 3 mood setting lightings, both in the bathroom and in the bedroom, was really a stunner! Also, the huge bathtub with a small TV was also very very nice for some soaking after a 7 hours flight into Tokyo. We had dinner with our business associates at their basement's Japanese restaurant, The food was good but individual dinning room was a tad plain in decor though. Prices for a Kaiseki gourmet dinner was a whopping 22,000 yen per person, if I am not wrong - very expensive even by Kyoto standards ... The other main reason as to why we chose this new Hotel was its proximity to the Tsukiji fish market, the purported number one attraction in Tokyo. We woke up at 6.30am, reaches the famed market at 7am since a taxi ride was only 5 minutes away! The market was indeed an eye opener for first time visitors and we had a yummy sushi breakfast nearby. The norm here seems to be 2,100 yen for a 10-12 pcs sushi set, coupled with free soup, salad and dessert. A rather good deal I must say, but remember to shop around for such a deal ...At Peninsula, the breakfast prices were 3,800-3,900 per person, so you can go figure out about having breakfast at the Hotel.The other good pluses of this hotel were - valet box for newspaper to arrive in the morning, mood lightings in room and bathroom, free Wi-fi in room, spacious room for what you pay (had checked other nearby Hotels but for the same rate, rooms were only 36-45 sq meters, here, you would get a huge 54 sq meters!), nice staff about flexi check out time at 12.30noon, proximity to great Ginza shopping and a beautiful lobby (but a tad on the small side). Would surely return again but probably will give Park View rooms a miss.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Miracosta
<Content>Best in Tokyo-Kids friendly, too ! We stayed in Delxue King with my two kids(1year old and 31/2 years old) in May 2008. All the requests were in the room when we checked in(step stool for kids, crib for baby), wooden toys, rubber duckies, kids bathrobes, kids bath towels, slippers(with the Peinsula bear logo)(and you can cake home)! They even have a homemade welcome kids snacks on the table. Crib was very clean, came with micky mouse printed sheets and beddings. We were suprise they were so kids friendly. Room was very, very nice.. Big walk-in clokset had enough space for our 3 suitcases and double stroller. Bathroom is probably same size as closet with double vanity and shower stall with rain shower head, huge tub with built-in TV. Davi amenities were nice, too. Room service was excellent(if you order theh right one- I ordered Udon, Kantonese Fried Rice with gravy, Fetcchine with creme sauce) and came right on time. Location is the best in Tokyo. Walking across to the Hibiya park, Yurakucho sta. is 1 block away, Ginza shopping is 2 blocks away. Lawson convenience store is 24hrs open right across from Peninsula. Location and service and size of the room, I can't find any better hotel than Peninsula. It's a pricey but it's worth every penny.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>msgny
<Content>Wonderful service. Great location. I have stayed at The Peninsula Tokyo 4 times in the past 5 months for work. The staff is amazing. The rooms are great and the location is wonderful. I have always stay in their deluxe room which I have found to be comfortable and spacious. The bathroom is amazing with a large soaking tub. The staff at the hotel goes out of their way to help. I left my laptop on the bus from the airport to the hotel. They immediately called the bus company, located the laptop in less than 2 hrs and had it delivered to my room less than 12 hrs later. Amazing! Room service comes exactly on time (if you put 7:15-7:30, you will hear a knock on your door at 7:15). The spa is wonderful - clean, comfortable and great services. The gym is very nice but is croweded first thing in the morning with all the jet lagged travellers. The only real complaint I have is that the room service food is only okay. In addition, the hotel is very expensive but it is wonderful for business travellers with expense accounts..  
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LVGlobalNomad
<Content>Delightful The Peninsula is a young hotel in that is not a year old. The rooms all have the latest technological gadgets. The bathrooms are spacious and have the great toto toilets. The staff was very helpful and polite. I also really enjoyed the area around the hotel.  
<Date>May 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>OneCentral
<Content>Highly recommended The restaurant took up close to half the space of the lobby, which I personally thought is quite odd.Room is pretty and huge, very clean and comfortable. Bathroom is huge too, and I like the remote buttons near the bathtub where you can control the TV and the lightings. The designer is obviously very detail oriented and took care of many small features with high tech gadgets that makes things more convenient for the guests. Internet access is free too.Service is excellent. All the stuffs, from the check in counter to the concierge, are friendly and courteous.Location is great within walking distance to many shops and restaurants in Ginza area.I will certainly recommend this hotel to others.  
<Date>May 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>roy999
<Content>beautiful modernity This place is visually stunning. The rooms are gorgeous, modern, with all manner of gizmos and controls, separate dressing room, bathroom has TV, mood lighting, of course the toilet has all sorts of functions, heats itself and the seat lifts automatically as you approach!Lavazza coffee machine makes the best coffee I ever had in a hotel room. Bed is super comfy, TV has lots of channels, automatic curtains provide a real full blackout which so few hotels manage, theres even a book of 3D pictures of Tokyo with 3D specs.Location is great for Imperial Palace and Ginza shops so lots of eating options nearby. Ten Ichi Deux nearby is good for tempura. You can walk to the station in a f ew minutes via the stunning International forum building which you should take a look at if you like modern architecture.There seems to be a lack of restaurant options inside the hotel other than a chinese and a Japanese, though some others are hidden as you access them (and the shops) from a separate lift on ground floor only, so we didnt realise they were there until near the end of our stay.The spa is lovely, with large pool, very hot jacuzzi bath - shame the sauna isnt accessible unless you have a booked treatment.Staff everywhere are excessively attentive, showing you to changing rooms and giving water, goggles and caps.Check out the beautiful light sculpture visible from the lift areasMany have mentioned disliking breakfast being in the lobby. Yes its a mistake and diminishes the luxury feel of the lobby to have breakfasters there, but the important point is not to use it , but have breakfast instead in the beautiful chinese restaurant upstairs, where the service is attentive to the point of being ridiculous, but the food is lovely with full western buffet options.The staff fall over themselves to serve, insisting on pouring and carrying your juice 'I'll do it for you its very heavy'! Try to sneak past them and pour your own, we had fun trying it every morning and only occasionally succeeding!!If you want the best and can pay for it this place has the wow factor and service was impeccable throughout, with so may staff they seem to outnumber the guests.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>andrea.italian
<Content>Peninsula Tokyo , not the perfect one ! Just back from a four days stay at the Peninsula Hotel in Tokyo and I have mixed feelings about my local stay. Check in was quick but my deluxe room was not ready and this was not so good after a very long trip from Europe. After an 30 minutes wait it was finally ready... I was at the 9th floor despite I was asking for an high floor room. The room is really nice and in my opinion compared with the Peninsula Hotel in Beverly Hills and New York is by far better. A lot of details have been created to garantee an high level of satisfaction and pleasure. So the room, the living area , the bathroom are really great except of the view , really no special.. Did try several times the restaurant at the hotel entrance and I still do not understand the decision of the Peninsula people do not create a different place for breakfast as well lunch or dinner.. So in my opinion a very negative choice. The breakfast menu was nothing special and if you compare it with the the breakfast in New Tork it seems to stay in two different world. The continental breakfast is made with one croissant , one pc of bread and one muffin, plus coffe and juice. Of course they are pleased to bring you some more bread or croissant but the first feeling for a basket almost empty is horrible. I had a very nice experience at Spa , one the best recently ; a very nice pool area as well a fantastic massage and very professional people.. The location of the hotel is simply great and the area is full of fantastic shops , restaurant and very nice to simply walking the street from the back entrance of the hotel.As a great fans of the Peninsula chain I have been not completely satisfied with my last stay.. The service is great , full of people smiling but they night before of my departure no sign of any turndown service in my room .. so another mistake.Tokyo is full of great hotels and I'm not sure If i will select again Peninsula for my next stay..  
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>BochanTraveller
<Content>Style over Substance       The specatcular view  
<Date>Apr 12, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	5	5	2	2	4	

<Author>stephsydney
<Content>Every detail lovingly covered I stayed at the Peninsula with my husband and 4 month old son. The deluxe room was beautifully appointed and very large. It has a huge walk-in robe and bathroom with deep tub. Every detail is covered - a gauge telling you the temp outside, daily delivery of that day's forecast, three different light settings (mood and night), a Lavazza espresso machine - just to name a few things. The concierge were always obliging and incredibly helpful - they sorted out train tickets to Lyoto and organised internal flights for us.The hotel also provided a full sized cot and baby towel, bib etc. We loved the Peninsula and can't wait to stay again.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Barnetbob
<Content>Amazing hotel what an amazing hotel. The room was fantastic, huge with a large sitting area and dining area. The bathroom was sensational we could have spent all night inh it. Nothing is missing from the comfort angle. Mood music, electrnics are awsome. Just fabulous. Location brilliant  
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>mlasser23
<Content>Awesome!!!!!!! All I can say is wow. I have stayed at some of the finest hotels in the world and this one tops them all. From the moment you walk into this hotel you realize you've stepped into a special place. From the 5 to 10 people that greet you with a smiling face as you walk through the door to the super efficient check-in process. People have commented that they did not like the lobby. All I can say is that while it is small, it is certainly elegant. I almost forgot that I when in the lobby when I ate breakfast their in the morning. The one time I realized I was in the lobby while eating was when a wedding party magnificently entered into the hotel through the front doors. There were a ton of pictures and videos being taken and it really created a special moment. I stayed in an executive suite on the 23rd floor and it was amazing and super spacious. Much has been written about the technology and it is all true and works flawlessly. The toilets with the heated seats and warm water sprays are a sight to behold and I will now be getting for my home. This suite was great with a separate living area that had awesome views of the city and Hibya park. The bed was certainly the most comfortable I have ever been in. The only negative I can find is that there was this loud clicking or creaking noise that I periodically heard in the room and would wake up from. Nothing major, but certainly a nuisance.As far as the food in the hotel, all I had was breakfast and room service dinner. The breakfast (which was included in the room rate) in the lobby was very good and service was fast. If your room rate includes breakfast then you can spend up to 79,000 yen at the lobby and any excess is charged to your room. You can also go to the Chinese restaurant for their breakfast buffet which is a mix of western and asian dishes. It was terrific and if given the choice again, I would choose the buffet. As far as room service, I found the menu to be quite limited, but the food that I ordered arrived quickly and was very tasty.The location of this hotel cannot be beat as it is dead center in the middle of Tokyo and easy to get to anywhere through the subway (located right in the basement) or JR railroad. Taxi rides to other parts of Tokyo never cost me more than $25.One thing I cannot say enough about is the concierge staff. Before I arrived I contacted them with 5 places that I wanted to eat dinner and the requested times. They emailed me and stated that everything was set. Sure enough it was because when I arrived they had a packet of information including confirmations and maps to each restaurant. I believe that the Peninsula has some clout at certain restaurants because at a hard to get table the hostess said that we were lucky to be staying at the Peninsula or we never would have been able to secure a table. They also were able to arrange tours of Tokyo through Sunshine tours even though their website said my requested dates were sold out.Finally, if you stay here, I recommend a once in a lifetime experience and sign up for a tour of the fish market through the hotel. This includes a personal tour by a Peninsula Chef, an english speaking staff member, transportation in a customized BMW and a sushi breakfast at a place especially picked out by the chef. He will tell you what to eat and what he picked was amazing. The staff person was no nice and we became very friendly with her throughout out stay. It cost $450 for the two of us, but it was well worth the money.Obviosuly I cannot say enough great things about this place and if you are going to Tokyo and looking for a 5 star experience, then you must stay here.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>datahk
<Content>Fantastic hotel!       Peninsula Tokyo - view from room  
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>sharit911
<Content>very good Great location, very good service, however the smell of food in the lobby is a nuisance and food options should be extended (sushi bar...)  
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	3	

<Author>Hikari
<Content>Wow! I would jump at the chance to stay here again. The only hotels in which I have stayed in Tokyo have been the Park Hyatt in Shinjuku, the Royal Park Hotel, the Four Seasons at Marunouchi, and the ANA Intercontinental. Our experience at the Peninsula outshone all the rest. Our standard room was very large and supremely appointed. It was modern, warm, comfortable, and luxurious. I don't even think the photo on the website does it justice. I was expecting a room almost half this size. It had a foyer with a door between it and the room, a love seat, breakfast table, a chair, a king size bed, and two night stands. The bathroom was huge with two sinks. The service was better than any of the other places we've stayed. The staff at the Park Hyatt tried to make us feel like we didn't belong, but our experience here was completely different. The pool and jacuzzi were wonderful as well. Okay, so having breakfast in the lobby wasn't ideal, but I would hardly fuss about that considering how much I enjoyed my stay at this hotel.One not-so-great aspect - we didn't enjoy the food at Peter's. It was insanely expensive (but that's to be expected at many a Tokyo hotel) and there were a lot of ultra-modern dishes, complete with the restaurant trend of whipping certain foods into a foam. They called it mousse, but it was foam. Some people like it I suppose, but it's a little too experimental for me. However, the wine selection, though massively over-priced, was excellent.  
<Date>Mar 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ccrr77fr
<Content>Great design, Perfect location but some little problems The Peninsula Tokyo is perfectly located at five minutes walk from the elegant district of Ginza where you'll find the best boutiques of the Japanese capital and a lot restaurants all around.The rooms are very spacious and offer stunning views of Tokyo if you select a Deluxe category with view. In this case, you'll have a beautiful space extremly well designed of 60 sq meters with two large windows offering a breathtaking view. Beds are more than comfortable and the Peninsula touch offers the best in room technology with a valet box, a personal humidity controller and a lot of buttons for lights, windows, music, TV, nails dryer... You'll need about one day to understand the function of all buttons but all these details offer the best in term of comfort. The bathroom is one of the most exquisite i've seen with a spa touch which reduces the light and turn on a relaxing music but also, the high tech automatic toilets only japanese have the secret... Incredible!!!Don't expect any mistake of the staff because all of them are truly excellent and perfectly trained. Moreover, don't forget they're japanese and it means there is a real devotion to the customers in their mentality. All of them are extremly smily and efficient.Consequently, The Peninsula could be the best hotel of Tokyo if there wasn't any problem with cleanliness... A dirty directory book full of coffee and some pillows on the sofa not really clean... Moreover, when we came back on the evening, our key didn't work anymore and we have been obliged to wait more than ten minutes before somebody comes to open it, not acceptable in one of the new palace of Tokyo... And personally, we don't like the lobby used as a restaurant for breakfast, lunch, high tea, dinner... and not really nice when you arrive with your baggage in the middle of the customers who are eating...A last bad detail... the online reservation system which doen't give the right information about the rate if you're three...But this is a very good hotel in Tokyo even if i'll choose an other one next time.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	3	4	5	4	

<Author>nikken
<Content>Great hotel, best in Ginza Stayed in a standard room which is actually of a good size and with a pleasant layout. Nice sofa infront of the TV which means that you don;t see the bed when kicking back. Seperate dressing area and wardrobe. Excellent bahroom. Lots of technology in the room.Negatives: Only one negative and that is that there's literally no views, unless you are interested in looking into a typical Japanese office building. I think the bigger rooms and suites have a view overlooking the imperial park, but most rooms will not have much of a view. The hotel building itself is not a highrise such as the ritz, park hyatt and mandarin. Positives: the location is smack in the middle of fancy Ginza with some great shops (very top shelf though..). And it is just by the park so i would think it is geat for those who would like to go jogging. The bar at the top of the hotel (seperate lift) is small but good and more fun than say the bar in the ritz-carlton, but still not as fun at the american bar at the Park Hyatt.And as mentioned rooms are of a good size and very well laid out. As always in 5* tokyo hotels the service is phenomenal.If you are visiting Tokyo for the first time then I would recommend Ritz-Carlton purely because of the stunning views - but if that's not important then this is a strong choice.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>snair
<Content>Gorgeous rooms! My husband and I spent a night at the Peninsula Tokyo on our honeymoon in Japan. I wish we could have stayed longer (but we were heading to Kyoto) The Peninsula was beautiful! Our room was absolutely gorgeous- I have never stayed somewhere so nice. It is super modern with all the electronic amenities that Japan does so well. I loved pressing all the buttons everywhere to see what htey would do. The bed was very comfortable, the rainforest shower was fantastic. The front desk was very polite, helpful, and spoke English well. My only complaint would be that the restaurants were very expensive and this hotel is very upscale- such that us Americans felt severely underdressed wearing jeans and walking through the lobby. This isn't really a place to relax and be yourself- everyone looked like they fell out of a fashion magazine- but maybe that's just Tokyo for you. All in all- a very nice stay and well worth the money.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	5	3	5	

<Author>SuperCarnitas
<Content>Location! Location! Location!       The 1934 Rolls-Royce Phantom II!  
<Date>Dec 10, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	2	5	4	

<Author>adelaide73
<Content>Won't hesitate to go back       Wonderful view  
<Date>Dec 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>PNYL
<Content>Excellent service, beautiful hotel but average food Stayed at the Peninsula Tokyo last week - the rooms are amongst the most beautiful we have stayed in. The bed was super comfy and the bathroom blows one away! The walk in closet was huge and I thought the valet box was a neat idea that ensures guest privacy. The one thing that bugged me was the lobby - it was nice but small and to have people sitting on both sides having their meals was quite awkward. I had a meal there and felt that way. My friends felt the same too. There is not a lot of seats in the lobby area due to space taken up by the dining area. The Front Office check in area was also small so can be crowded and noisy and not exactly very dscreet for a hotel of Peninsula standard. The biggest gripe I have is the breakfast on a weekend. The hotel was full but because of the lack of an all-day dining cafe, one has to use either the Lobby Lounge (ala carte) or the Chinese restaurant (buffet style). The Chinese restaurant buffet is probably the most miserable buffet breakfast spread I ever had. On the bread station, only 5 types of breads to choose from, then there is cereals (2 to 3 types), plain or fruit yoghurt, plate of sliced cheese, some berries and nuts. At the hot station, there was scrambled eggs, not even an egg station to choose your type of eggs, ham, bacon, veal sausage, fried potatoes, 2 types of dim sum, french toast - and that's about it! One would expect a bit of more creative spread from Peninsula. So the dining experience was quite disappointing. We had dinner at the Lounge and the food was just average, the selection average as well. Maybe they are just well known for the High Tea and focus all their expertise on that?But overall, despite the lack of dining options and disappointing quality of food/options, I would say the stay experience was pleasant. The hotel is also superbly located with the undergroud line right at the basement of the hotel and the JR Yurakucho Station just less than 1 minute walk away. And outstanding service - the staff are well trained in this aspect, and one can feel the sincerity and warmth of the service.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Rlucraft
<Content>serene luxury the Peninsula is a great hotel. central location, right across from the Imperial Palace, and on the doorstep of the great shops in Ginza. The rooms are spacious, fabulously appointed and calm. the lobby is a bit busy, and it needs a bigger bar.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	2	5	5	

<Author>kasukabe0302
<Content>This hotel is cutting edge in Japan. I stayed at Peninsula this month.As Peninsula is introduced on TV and many magazines , I'm very interested in this hotel.I reserved deluxe park view room (room nubmer 1806).I had a lot of great experience .Espresso machine is equipped in room .Bathroom is really user -friendly.Bath tub is deep and large .The cover of washlet toilet is opened automatically.If the customer push vallet service button , the customer can be provided shoe shine service ,another amenity,and so on.It's very useful.I had never seen these exceperiences other hotels in japan.Staff are very friendly , especially Chinese restaurant at second floor.I hope trouser press and body towel are prepared in advance.I think Peninsula Tokyo is one of the best hotels in japan.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>jgmcTaiwan
<Content>The new Peninsula Hotel   showReview(10415255, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 29, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BENLEE123
<Content>Absolutely Fabulous Room!       Bathtub  
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>Kmalia
<Content>Best Hotel in Tokyo, 2007       The fabulous tub  
<Date>Oct 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>ASIATRIP1
<Content>Amazing Luxury Hotel   showReview(10023154, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 30, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Targetsea
<Content>Truly wonderful   showReview(8853146, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 22, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ad8tk
<Content>Awful start for such a promising hotel   showReview(8691050, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 11, 2007
<Rating>1	1	4	4	4	1	1	-1	

<Author>tahha
<Content>灞呭績鍦般伄銇勩亜閮ㄥ眿   showReview(21332237, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 28, 2008
<Rating>3	3	5	4	5	3	1	4	

<Author>ochibi
<Content>鏈€楂樼礆銇ц惤銇＄潃銇?#x201d;   showReview(20891188, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 15, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>eskacci
<Content>娉娿伨銈夈仾銇勩仺銈忋亱銈夈仾銇?#x201d;       銈︺儍銉夈儑銉冦偔  
<Date>Oct 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tettyan
<Content>绔嬪湴銇姕缇わ紒   showReview(20623203, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	4	4	

<Author>銇傘亴銇熴伨銈?> 銇傘亴銇熴伨銈?</a> </div>
<Content>鐪恒倎銇屻亜銇?#x201d;   showReview(18299645, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>Blaue_Fee
<Content>Ein neuer Stern in Tokios Hotellandschaft   showReview(14848705, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>clarence_boddicker
<Content>Excellent h么tel, prestigieuse location       Vue sur Tokyo  
<Date>Jan 27, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	3	4	5	

