<Author>marktxTexas
<Content>Terrible Hotel !!!! The customer service at Hotel ZaZa is terrible !!! The employees are rude and very unprofessional. Most of the employees working at the hotel were just kids. When we complained about the horrible customer service, we found the both of the so called Managers at the hotel were just kids also. It was shocking to hear to the immature, unprofessional statements made by the kids that are supposedly operating this hotel . To make the bad experience even worse, their restaurant bar tender attempted to steal our credit card information. When we reported the fraudulent activity to the Hotel Manager, the Manager just made excuses and attempted to cover up the crime. Beware of this hotel. If you want a quality, professionally operated hotel in that area, the Ritz Carlton or the Westin is a much better choice.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	1	1	1	

<Author>CS10001x
<Content>The good, the bad and the ugly! I recently held my wedding ceremony and reception at Hotel ZaZa. Let me start off by saying that my guests and I really enjoyed the wedding. The food was great and the service from the waiters was excellent. Everyone commented on the unique atmosphere and what a fun time they were having. Our catering manager that handled our wedding was very helpful and professional. She had a lot of patience with us! This is where the good part ends. A few days after the reception we received our bill. The bar portion of the bill was extremely high for our small number of guests and looked to be padded. After an e-mail to the catering manager, she was very responsive and agreed that it did seem a bit high and readjusted the bill. She credited us back for over $500, but I still thought the bar bill appeared too high. My guests would have to have been falling down drunk that night to consume as much alcohol as the hotel was claiming! I also had some problems when checking in to the hotel, and wanted to talk to the general manager to see what further things could be done.As there was no general manager at the time, I was directed to the Director of Sales of the hotel and was told that he had been given my contact information and would contact me to discuss my complaints. I never heard from him and still haven't. This was almost a month ago. I then forwarded my complaints to the President of the hotel's management company and he has never made any attempt to contact me either. What kind of horrible customer service does this hotel have? I guess they no longer care about me as a customer, since they already have my money. What started out as a memorable evening has now become memorable for the wrong reasons. I will never again stay at ZaZa and will certainly never recommend it as a wedding location!  
<Date>Dec 25, 2008
<Rating>2	1	5	4	5	2	1	-1	

<Author>jkandethan27
<Content>loved hotel zaza we found the best rate at hotels.com we booked a couple days before we left and only payed 118.00 per night which was for a deluxe parlor, which was very nice. we never stayed at a place like that. the room had some high end shaving cream and aftershave lotion, dont use it unless u want to pay 30 dollars a bottle. the fridge was fully stocked with stuff to make mix drinks ,which we did not touch because it was way high and the goody basket on top of the fridge ,a bag of chips or candy bar 4.00 , we left it alone. our room had a retro yet classic feel. plasma flat screen with marble bathroom floors and counters, nice shower, candles lit in room when we came in and average comfy bed. the place was decorated beautifully and the concierge was very helpful. The dragonfly restraunt was very expensive but tasty and i even seen two famous people , if my eyes did not deceive me. i am pretty for sure it was them. i am a small town girl so the urge to ask for a pic ate at me, and they did not tell us when we check in and never having stayed at a place that nice, we did not know, but they charge us 20 a day for valet parking. we would go back only if we received a great price.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SSemone
<Content>Hotel ZaZa Always Fun       Hotel  
<Date>Nov 17, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>HoustonCountryMan
<Content>Ok Stay Wonderfully designed hotel. Love the suites, the decor and the design of the rooms.Room service food is good although high and the servers are friendly. The servers are the friendliest people. Housekeeping is ok and the front desk is snooty. Stayed here for 4 days. Enjoyed the nice rooms but the front desk were not friendly.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	3	3	3	4	

<Author>c_stogs
<Content>Great for people watching but not as great as I had hoped. First I have to say the hotel is very neat or trendy and great for people watching as you never know who you'll see coming in and out of the hotel. Our room was ok probably would have been better if it was one of their theme suits but was nothing spectacular and a little on the small side. Service at check-in was prompt and courteous. The bellmen and valet guys were very nice and full of information regarding the local area. The bar/resturant was ok our dinner was pretty good but nothing outstanding. The pool area is nice but pretty small and on a sunny day could be very packed. The only major complaint was the door on our mini-bar was falling off so you had to watch how you opened or closed it or it would end up on your toes.But as the title states the hotel was nice but not as great as I had heard from so many people.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>SFGuy35
<Content>A great, unique hotel in a good spot in Dallas Hotel Zaza is a near-luxury hotel with a surprisingly unique personality. I stayed there on business for a night close to Halloween, and the holiday couldn't have been more appropriate. The hotel is already festooned with neo-gothic, Victorian flourishes--it's thoroughly modern, but the retro patterned deep-red fabrics and elaborate ironwork on display are charming, and fit right in with the spooky Halloween decor. The room was utterly massive, almost too big -- a trip from the desk to the bathroom was like walking across an airplane hangar. Internet, unfortunately, was slow like molasses, whether via wifi or the convenient ethernet cord. Comfy bed, no noise from nearby rooms. The hotel is slightly large to be a boutique property -- going from the elevator to the room was a bit of a hike. Workout room pretty well-equipped, but unfortunately the pool was closed for the season despite the 80-degree temperatures. The location on the main strip in uptown Dallas is very convenience. Golds Gym right across the street and many restaurants  nightclubs within walking distance. Some street parking but be careful: I got a ticket at 8:30pm in a space that said it was only restricted til 6pm. Who knows why.All-in-all a lovely spot.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	2	4	3	

<Author>tinamagill
<Content>Wow! Loved it! Very nice location, not much shopping, but in nicer area of Dallas. Little Oasis--when you step into this hotel it feels like you are in a dream! The decor is comfortable and trendy. The pool is a great place to relax. Mist spraying fans are all over the place and a bar with waitresses. They even can put a plastic cover over the pool and have a party outside. Trendy place for nightlife. The food is amazing!!! Attracts a very pretty/hansome crowd. Staff is very accomodating and not at all high priced. Love it!  
<Date>Oct 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mediagirldallas
<Content>Good Times at ZaZa Some girlfriends and I originally wanted to plan an exciting trip to a fun location BUT due to busy schedules ended up deciding to stay local. We wanted to pick a nice hotel with a fun atmosphere and narrowed the choices down to the W and ZaZa. Read mixed reviews of both on this site so started to question if either would be worth the expense. We chose ZaZa since it was different and unlike your typical hotel. We LOVED it! The room was great (not much of a view), nicely decorated and beds were comfy. We unpacked and quickly headed down for a beverage by the pool. Have to admit is was quite the scene. After a few drinks went back to the room to get ready for dinner at Dragonfly. The service was fantastic and the food was tasty...my only complaint was that the waitress kept call me ma'am...ugh....she's wasn't that much younger than me! After our fun, tasty dinner headed out to the pool bar area. This is definitely the place to be and be seen. As the night went on...more and more people packed into the area. Good music, fun people and great people watching. The next day headed to the spa for some much needed detoxing (highly recommended :). We went by the pool area to relax and get some sun; however, due to the hotel not monitoring if people are guests of the hotel (you can pretty much walk in off the street) didn't stay bc we couldn't find a place to park ourselves. Overall...well worth it and look forward to going back but will take the hubby next time. Only complaints are the open pool access during the day and the not so pleasant smell in the elevator (smelled like someone wasn't able to hold their liquor...ewww).  
<Date>Sep 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>colou
<Content>Zaza rocks Wonderful Avant- garde Boutique hotel with a staff with a great attitude! The pictures on the website don't do the decorating justice and it really is a well run hotel. Rooms are large, furniture, rugs and bathrooms are clean and new. Bathroom products are Molton Brown and plentiful... Beds are super comfy and sheets are luxury soft and spotless. The rooms closer to the pool are a bit noisy at night due to the DJ and the lounge happenings, so if you want quiet, go for the other side of the hotel. We had room 320 which was right over the front entrance and we had a fabulous balcony and we didn't hear a peep.The pool is great, with misters, fans and a hot tub. The bartender brings cold towels and ice pops around during the hot afternoons.Definitely a place for friends or couples, would not recommend to families and certainly not for children. I wouldn't even recommend it to the serious business person. Only the semi-serious!! We really enjoyed our stay and we are now ZaZa fans - we will follow this hotel if it opens it's doors anywhere else....  
<Date>Sep 23, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>soccergrldfw
<Content>Incredible--Magnificent Seven! Hotel ZaZa was awesome! It was our one year anniversary and I didn't have time to take a real vacation, so I thought a stay at a local spot would hopefully be just as romantic. I had booked one of the one bedroom Magnificent Seven rooms, but when I called to see if I could get in at an early check in time, the guy in that suite apparently was refusing to leave. So they offered a complimentary upgrade (mind you, this was still well before the normal check in time) to a two bedroom Mag Seven suite--the Crouching Tiger Suite. It was incredible!! The decor was awesome, I mean, a little over done for a room in a house, but really amazing for a hotel. Full kitchen with appliances. My only complaint was that the coffee pot wasn't clean, there was still a left over substance in the martini mixer, and a martini glass wasn't clean. But I can get over that because I wasn't planning on making a martini or coffee. But there was a dishwasher in there if I wanted to clean it myself. There was also a washer and dryer, which was great for swimsuits after the pool.They even brought us complimentary champagne and chocolate covered strawberries because of the inconvenience. All this after upgrading us! We got in-room massages which were incredible as well. Everyone was very friendly and attentive. Service was always quick and on-time. They really did go above and beyond to make our one year anniversary special. It's something that we will never forget. I highly recommend Hotel ZaZa--especially a Magnificent Seven suite!  
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>gzcvrn
<Content>What? I decided to show off Dallas a bit to family and friends who were visiting from OH and decided that a stop at Hotel ZaZa (Dragonfly/Urban Oasis) would be the best Dallas hot spot to wow them with after a fantastic dinner at Cyclone Anayas. Needless to say, my guests were very impressed as we walked into the hotel lobby. Two headed into Dragonfly to order drinks while another and I made a stop at the restroom. My friend and I were stopped as we attempted to enter Dragonfly because he was wearing flipflops. We were informed that there was a no flipflop policy. What?. I can respect a dress code (on a side note...it is Dallas, Summer, still 90 degrees at 10pm) but he was wearing nice linen shorts and an Izod. I also felt that the delivery was a bit snobby and pretentious. I entered the restaurant to try to cancel the drinks but I was too late so we took the drinks to the hallway leading up to the restaurant. After sitting for a few minutes, we were informed that we could not stay or sit in the hallway area becuase 1 guest was wearing flipflops and that we would have to take our drinks to the hotel lobby. What? We remained respectful but voiced our complaint. As we were sitting in the lobby, we watched several young ladies enter the restaurant and bar, wearing flipflops. We inquired and were told very curtly that the no flipflop policy only applied to men, as directed by the hotel owner. What? We finished our drinks and left and I probably would not have had a problem except that the policy was not consistent and I still don't see how sitting in the lobby 30 feet from where we first sat really made a difference.Although I have been to the Hotel previously, I don't think that it will remain high on my list until some improvements are made. Boutique Hotel service is one thing, inconsistent policies and pretentious attitude are another.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ronnerock
<Content>Fun if you want to party - but... ZaZa has a great restaurant and bar area. The hotel rooms are unique and stylish. And that's where it ends. For business travel, this hotel is a bust. The walls and floors are thin, the nightlife can be heard on all floors. Rooms on the street side are greeted with incessant noise from the lobby and valet area, and rooms on the poolside are no better. Internet access is hit-and-miss. While turn-down service complete with candles is a nice touch, I'll choose ZaZa for dinner at Dragonfly - and then drive to another hotel for a restful night's sleep.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	3	4	3	3	1	

<Author>DuckSausage
<Content>Great stay at ZAZA! The wife and I spent our 2nd wedding anniversary at Hotel ZaZa. It was great. Almost everything meet or exceeded our expectations. The decor/art was beautiful. The room was perfectly clean and the turn down service (with candles and chocolate) was very nice! So many hotels have flatscreen HD capable tv sets, but without a true HD signal...however, ZaZa has HD which we enjoyed! The furniture, bathroom, view, etc. was perfect. My only complaint, like the last review stated, is that you must watch your bill. We too were overbilled!All in all, a great place to stay.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	3	4	5	

<Author>jacktripper
<Content>Fun at the ZaZa...but watch your bill! My husband and I stayed at the Hotel ZaZa on July 25th for one night. I must say that I was very impressed with the decor throughout the hotel. Our room itself was average size, but certainly packed a punch as far as details go. From the lamps to the etched glass window in the shower, it was quite unique. One warning though. Don't be too quick to use any of the products in the bathroom! They are not free. Upon checking my bill, I realized that we were charged 3 times for overnight parking. I had to call and have that removed. Today, I found another mysterious $9 charge on my AMEX. Now, I must make yet another call. That is annoying. We had dinner at the Dragonfly and it was fantastic. The service was wonderful and the food equally impressive. I would stay there again for sure.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	3	4	3	

<Author>bathos13
<Content>Great Weekend! We were looking for a nice weekend getaway and ZaZa proved the perfect fit! The room was amazing with a large sitting area, nice decor, plenty of space and an incredibly comfortable bed. The staff was excellent, from the valets to the front desk to the pool side wait staff. The spa is very nice and the massages were amazing - we had a married couple do our couples massage and they were perfect! Dragonfly has excellent food and a good atmosphere - and their room service is just as good, it took only 20 minutes to get our food and it was hot and fresh. The pool scene (both night and day) is trendy and a bit crowded - definitely the look at me crowd - but everyone was nice and the service was excellent. I'd also recommend walking across the street to the Crescent building and having dinner at Nobu. Amazing seafood and sushi with a contemporary atmosphere and excellent service. We will be staying there the next time we're in Dallas!  
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mrsslovestotravel
<Content>Nice Room; funny smell, but would stay again       Front of Hotel  
<Date>Jul 26, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	3	4	5	

<Author>Houston401
<Content>Hotel ZipZip My husband wanted to treat my teenage daughter  I to a fun getaway to Dallas to see a GREAT concert and stay at what we thought would be a fabulous hotel stay, the Hotel ZaZa Dallas. Upon check-in we were told very curtly, that, no we did not have a reservation. (My husband made the reservation over the phone several days earlier with a rather chatty reservation clerk.)  After further search I was told that our reservations were actually made for the night before. AND, sorry, no rooms were available. I put my husband on the phone to the manager and he was so kind to offer not to charge us for the prior night's reservation, the night we didn't make reservations OR stay there. WOW, wasn't that generous of him! Why would we show up to a hotel the day after or alleged reservations??? The manager was genuinely unconcerned and only after much insistence from me did he offer to try to find us a room at another hotel. We did get another room at a LOVELY new hotel downtown, The Joule. My husband tried contacting the management of the ZaZa Dallas and after checking into the situation, we were offered a free upgrade at our next stay. THATS IT! We are DONE, no thx!  
<Date>Jun 25, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>R1lissa
<Content>Great stay! Husband and I stayed at Hotel Zsa Zsa on 06/06. Valet guys were very personable and attentive. We were greeted with champagne upon entering the lobby. Check-in was a breeze. We were on the third floor in a deluxe king parlor room. It was very nicely furnished but needed to be dusted. The bathroom was very nice with little extras such as individually packaged q-tips and cotton balls, a makeup mirror and a full size Conair hair dryer. Loved the tile shower with the bench. I never saw any snacks in the butler pantry on our floor- only coffee and hot tea. We didn't eat at Dragonfly, instead we walked to Sambuca (fabulous!).  We did go to the Oasis Lounge (the pool/bar area) after dark. It's a very small pool area, so it was a little difficult to get around because it was packed. Lots of pretty women looking for rich men and rich men looking for pretty women. Drinks were very skimpy on the liquor. Our room faced the pool, so we could hear the DJ music until about 1:30 in the morning, but it wasn't obnoxiously loud. Overall, it was a very nice stay and I would definately go back.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	3	

<Author>Beachgirl1434
<Content>Awesome Hotel!! The hotel was so beautiful!...Very funky and fun. Check in was easy and fast. My boyfriend and I stayed in the ZaZa suite for 2 nights. The room was incredible. The decor was very romantic and comfortable. The bathroom was large and spacious and the bathtub was great for a candlelit bubblebath. Dinner at the Dragonfly was excellent. The waiters were very attentive and helpful. Drinks were excellent. I especially recommend their signature drink The Kiss. Our stay was perfect and we plan to make it an annual trip!...Would highly recommend it for a romantic getaway!  
<Date>May 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>hotelsnob311
<Content>Not the Boutique experience you are looking for... My husband and i stayed at Hotel Zaza for 1 night while visiting friends in Dallas. I have to preface this review by mentioning that we are kind of hotel snobs. We are big fans of any Four Seasons or Aman resort but also like to stay at hip, fun places when possible (The Parker Palm Springs is a favorite). It is in that vein that we chose Zaza over more upscale hotels thinking we would get the best of both worlds- atmosphere and quality. I guess the atmosphere is fine- the decor is all you would expect it to be and the bar/ night club was PACKED on Saturday night. That all being said, I would categorize the hotel's style as more wanna be trendy than chic and what you get in decor you loose in service and cleanliness. The staff were all very nice but just not well trained or efficient. For instance, when we checked in, there were 2 bellmen waiting in the lobby not helping anyone yet neither followed us up to our room with our luggage. We had to wait 15 minutes and then call down to the front desk to get our bags delivered. Also, just after checking in, an employee came into our room without knocking to check that the room was ready for the next guests (us!!). She apparently had not been informed we already had checked in. Turn down service also missed our room for some reason. When I called down to housekeeping after returning to my room at 11pm, they quickly came and made up the room, however, it was frustrating to have to call.All of this could be forgiven however were it not for the lack of cleanliness in the room. The pillow cases were stained, the curtains were stained and WORST of all, i went to wash my face with a new towel housekeeping had just brought me and there was a big brown stain on it. I am willing to sacrifice elements of service for a fun boutique experience but dirty rooms and towels are unacceptable in my book. I would not stay here again.PROS: Lively bar scene. theme rooms.CONS: Poor service. Dirty rooms.  
<Date>May 4, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TrvlDva
<Content>I loved this hotel!       Shower  
<Date>Apr 27, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	4	5	5	3	

<Author>hikittyDallas
<Content>Terrible Service, Details Lacking I was very excited about staying a night at ZaZa after our wedding in March. Since we live in Dallas, we never stay in hotels here, but this was the perfect excuse! I was highly disappointed.Don't get me wrong, the hotel is gorgeous! I loved all the color and decor and the room seemed comfortable enough at first glance.We decided to go downstairs to Dragonfly Restaurant for dinner. After being seated, we waited and waited and waited. It was a Sunday night and there were about 3 - 4 tables filled. I have no idea what the problem was except for the fact that something good must have been on TV as I kept looking for the waiter and finding him at the bar watching it.I went back upstairs for some aspirin, leaving my husband at Dragonfly. As I walked into the bathroom in our room, a HUGE COCKROACH scurried across the floor! I was shocked as I have stayed in some dirty hotels in my lifetime, but have NEVER seen a bug in any of them!!! I called down to my husband and packed up the bags.The front desk was almost completely unaccommodating. I spoke with Shelley, the night supervisor, who suggested that we could have the cockroach removed from the room. When I told her, I don't do roaches she replied with a sarcastic, No one does. She finally agreed to change us to another room...the one next door to that one! And she gave us $50 off our dinner bill. I would think on a Sunday night with an empty hotel, she could do more!So, long story short...there are some problems. The towels were old, holey and worn out. The makeup mirror was broken and the robe was missing from our room. There was hair and trash in the bottom of the shower (which had to be cleaned before I could use it). I left a comment card politely expressing my dissatisfaction as well as speaking to a very nice young man at the front desk upon checking out. To no avail...not even so much as an email. Nothing. I would never stay at ZaZa again.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2008
<Rating>2	1	2	3	1	2	1	-1	

<Author>saintba
<Content>Great furnishings, good size, very comfortable... I just completed a 2 night stay at the Hotel ZaZa in Dallas. I was coming back from Cancun (stayed at the Fiesta American Grand Coral Beach which was great). I was staying 2 nights before flying back home to Buenos Aires.I know Dallas very well as I formally lived in Dallas before moving to South America. Before flying to Cancun, I stayed at the Nylo in Plano which was nice. I posted a review of that stay as well.First of all, the location is really great and it's very close to downtown. Nothing really to do downtown but this area is in a very central location and close to both 75 Highway and also the Tollway so it's easy to get around.The lobby is very nice. I tried booking directly on their website but the reservation section wasn't working so I booked off of Expedia.com. I booked a suite and the rate with tax was about $250 per night.We checked in late afternoon and they had everything ready. It literally took just 3 minutes to swipe my credit card and they gave my keys to the room. I got in and both my fiance and I were really impressed with the rooms. I'm in the real estate and hospitality business so I do a LOT of furnishing of rental properties. I could see they spent some money on the finish out and furniture. The room itself was very spacious with high ceilings. It had a VERY comfortable king size bed and it had a HD LCD 42' inch TV which was very nice. it had a work desk with both wi-fi and cord complimentary Internet but service was very spotty for the 2 nights/3 days that we were there. It worked but the connection kept cutting off. I was impressed as the desk chair was VERY nice and comfortable. The bathroom was nice as well with marble countertops. Good size.The first night we were on the 2nd floor and the room was VERY noisy with the wind. It was very windy and we couldn't sleep as there was a loud whislting of the wind against the window. We thought maybe it was just this room. In the morning we asked to move to another room because of the noise. They were sold out but they said that at noon they would have another room. I told them we would pack our bags and they could move them. We went out and about doing lots of shopping and met up with a friend and they did indeed change our room and moved our bags. They moved us to the 3rd floor. That night there was still some noise with the wind and the windows but not as bad. I'm not sure if it was just this side of the building but there was lots of wind noise whistling into the room. Really that was the only complaint I had about the room. Keep in mind they do NOT have a parking lot to park your rental car. Dallas is one of those cities with very few taxis so you probably will rent a car. Note that they don't have a lot and only valet. The valet guys were very good. Of course you should tip them each time they bring your car. The hotel also charges you $18 per night for the valet car parking so note this.At the check-out everything was ok but we noted that they had an incorrect $78 for breakfast in the restaurant. We never went to the restaurant and in fact, had room service that same day. We pointed it out and they quickly took it off our bill. I'd suggest you review your bill in detail.Really, I was impressed with the hotel. Great staff and everyone was friendly. The location was very good and central and the size of the room was very nice. Nice LCD TV, nice desk with very upscale and comfortable chair, nice bathrooms and nice furniture. I'd highly recommend the hotel.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>congoroom
<Content>A Delightful Surprise I thought this hotel was a delightful surprise.I was going to be staying at the W, but heard from a friend that there was another hotel that started with a Z that was supposed to be good.The lady at the reception desk was a bit cold, but I have never been to a hotel where they were super.The entire experience up to my room was delightful. They had sweets (petite cakes) in the lobby by the elevators. When I got off on my floor, there was another coffee area. Everything is mood lit, including the dark elevators. I loved it! The room was great if you like dark, modern, fun. The concierge was delightful. Full of energy and very nice. The Valet boys were probably the best I have ever had! The Dragonfly bar staff were boring. This was probably my biggest disappointment.This is not your normal W or Hyatt. This is a FUN hotel with style.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>oklahomasooner00
<Content>a barking dog ruined the experience This hotel was not as nice as I thought it would be. We started out in a room next door to a barking dog. After a few hours, a few phone calls and a trip to the front desk we finally got a different room down the hall, could still hear the dog but at least it wasn't next door. Pros: nice size rooms, good desserts in lobby, good location to restaurants and shopping.Cons: They allow pets, always a crowd at the restaurant on weekends-make sure if you want to eat there to book in advance. Valet is slow. Overall we had a good experience once the dog issue was resolved. I was a little dissapointed that the bed wasn't more comfortable. Also we stayed on a weekend and it seemed that there was quite a bit of noise outside (at 3:00 am). Still kind of surprised that pets are allowed, since this is an upscale hotel.  
<Date>Mar 10, 2008
<Rating>2	3	4	5	4	2	4	-1	

<Author>TexasTandE
<Content>We love this place year after year!       Part of the bath - beautiful bathroom in Notorious Suite  
<Date>Feb 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>docgray
<Content>Did NOT get what we paid for!!!!! Ok, we have been ZAZA fans since day one. However in the last couple of years we have seen the service suffer! Of course it's lovely from the outside but BEWARE of what could happen to you if you do not book directly with the hotel. We have stayed in the regular rooms, the balcony rooms and several concept suites over the years...FYI...but this last time we booked 2 Premium Balcony rooms through Expedia for 275.00 each. And I called the hotel twice the week before we were to arrvie just to make sure they had the reservation and confirm balcony rooms, etc. When we arrived with our friends who had never stayed there we were given our keys and escorted to our rooms. Balcony rooms are on the FRONT of the hotel and our rooms were on the back side. So I immediately called the front desk and went back down to get the correct rooms. Another lady was at the desk complaining about her room and my receptionist who later claimed to be the on duty manager said she had NO BALCONY rooms left. It was 5pm on SAT. night. so I reminded her I paid for balcony and she just sent us to regular rooms without even saying sorry we cant accomodate your reservation. I'm sure she thought or hoped we wouldnt realize!!! Later she offered to comp our dinner, I said no, and comp a free night stay, I said no, and I told her I knew not everyone had checked into the hotel yet because it was still early, so give me a balcony room not yet occupied. She could tell I would not budge and all of a sudden she found a balcony room with 2 double beds (I paid for KING) and then located a Suite for us with no balcony. The best part about the ZAZA are the balcony rooms. The balcony is HUGE and you can hang out with friends and see all of the action going on downstairs. She told me they had tons of reservations still faxing in that night from expedia for balcony rooms. Why did they oversell???? So if you want a specific room book directly with the hotel or be persistant and check in early. Lastly I was disappointed in the bath amenities (no lotion 2 conditioners). Also the makup mirror broke  fell out on the floor (I could have cut myself) so I called housekeeping 2 times and they never came. I guess they are getting too crowded to take care of us the way it used to be. So BEWARE when booking!  
<Date>Feb 6, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	1	4	1	1	-1	

<Author>robcanmelt
<Content>terrific stay!!! Stayed with 4 year old son and sick friend....but the room was terrific and the service great...we had an end room, number 401 and it was large with two double beds and a nice sized closet. The room was clean and nice, and their style is terrific....very eclectic modern, yet comfy. Very clean and service was awesome.....had friend with strep throat and they brought us up a shaker of salt at 3:00am to have him gargle! Just amazing. I have stayed here before with friend and also very very nice, great location and great bar downstairs as well......I highly recommend!  
<Date>Jan 9, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lilfella
<Content>pretentions to hipness and grandeur that fall short i stayed with colleagues for two nights at the zaza last week on business. it's totally over-rated. local colleagues, upon hearing that we were staying there, looked vaguely piteously at us. the worst thing is that the hotel thinks it's a sexy boutique, but it's not. witness the random taxidermy peacock in reception, the ugly paintings, the bar with bright over head lighting and poor acoustics.pluses:* molten brown toiletries.* comfy beds.* quiet rooms.* clean and modern.* tasty room service.* kobe beef carpaccio in the hotel restaurant.minuses:* unknowledgable concierge - he rattled out a recommendation for a restaurant for us before we even told him what kind of place we were looking for.* tacky decor - helmut newton cheapie prints abound, fake hand-written post it notes stuck on your bathroom mirror schilling the sister hotel in houston. the executive chair at the desk in your room is - vinyl? * terrible service in happening restaurant (dragonfly) - we had to negotiate for a table for 10 mins in a half-empty restaurant. the hostess tried to seat us in the cocktail area - a corner table behind the hostess stand with a plastic bench. how insulting.* no baths - not on our floor anyway, just a shower stall. why? there's lots of room.* eco lip service - you can re-use your towels to be green. but no recycling bins and no sign to re-use sheets.* no daily newpaper upon waking - there's a pile in reception.* business center - a JOKE! two terminals, one broken, painfully slow.we won't be back. it's not bad, just pretentious and a little bit sad.  
<Date>Dec 21, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	2	4	3	2	1	

<Author>Fonter
<Content>Great Atmosphere If you are looking for something at little out of the ordinary stay at the hotel Zaza. Everything about the place is unique. The quality of the service and back drops are not great, but if you can overlook the details it is worth the stay. We really loved the movies playing on the outside of the building when you arrive and depart in the evenings.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2007
<Rating>5	3	3	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>g2980gj
<Content>Better than Average ... But not the Ritz My first stay at ZaZa. Nicer semi-upscale property. Got a great rate ($200) making it a no-brainer. Like many of the hotels in this genre, lots of investment in trying to make it hip and boutique feeling ... but the service never lives up to expectations. Took them15+ minutes to get me checked-in. Only one person working the desk and line of 3 people in front of me. Same in the lounge where the bartenders could barely find the inspiration to pour a guy a libation. My room was great. High quality finishes and touches. Lovedthe artwork all over the place. Will likely be back assuming I can continue to get good rates.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	3	4	1	2	3	

<Author>magicfm
<Content>Was what we needed - and more Friendly, lovely room, great pool, spot on service etc etc.Just right for an overnight stay in Dallas. My many requests to the concierge (due to a packing error) were all answered promptly and with great grace.The pool area was a welcome refuge from the heat and the food was very nice.Didn't go to dragonfly in the evening but it was by no means small. Not sure how happening it would have been on a Monday evening though.The restaurant recommendations by the concierge we also very welcome and the right move.I think you would have to be VERY fussy indeed to find fault with it. I doubt I will have reason to be back in Dallas again soon, but the Zaza would be my first choice if I was.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BizTraveller234
<Content>Poor service, lost reservation, and double billed! We booked and prepaid a month in advance. Arrived at the hotel, and were at first wowed by the decor. Unfortunately, that was short lived. They claimed to have no knowledge of our reservation. When I produced a receipt, they said they'd find us a room, and we should go to the bar and have appetizers - on them. Sounded like this was the right answer.We were then billed for the appetizers, our room had a pipe sticking out of the middle of the ceiling in the shower - that dripped constantly, even after maintenance came and fixed it.We then found that they had billed our credit card again for the hotel stay, despite having a copy of our receipt, showing we prepaid.It's three weeks later, and I'm still fighting them over the double billing. Their staff isn't particularly rude, they just really, really don't care.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>islamujereslover
<Content>Hip and Happening Hotel Zaza is a unique hotel with beautiful furnishings in a good location. Close to the Dallas Museum of Art and many spots to eat in the downtown (Uptown) area. Each room is nicely appointed with Burberry toiletries and a Vornado air cleaner. The Dragonfly restaurant is a meat market scene at night so unless you're in Dallas for hot hookups, I would go someplace else for dinner. Staff is courteous and service is good.Insider tip: The mini-bar, as usual, is $$$$ but there is a Shell 24-hour convenience store a 1/2 block away for all your wine/beer and even BBQ (yes BBQ) needs. Lots of restaurants within walking distance.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>Ron_L_64
<Content>What a place! Usually very expensive, but found a deal through Expedia and directly through hotel. Rooms are some of the nicest I have stayed in - LCD TV, sofa, nice bathrooms. Wish I had more time to spend there.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>slimm1469
<Content>Spa questionable My room was luxurious, the over-all hotel environment was edgy but in liberal good taste. However, I did find the spa to be on the unusual side. First, it wasn't very clean. The men's dressing room was rather messy, appearing to be over-used and under-cleaned. Most surprising was the attitude of my therapist, a sexy Latin women who just seemed to be asking overly personal questions on my appointment. Her deep-tissue massage was extraordinary and traditional but, frankly, she began asking some pointedly personal questions afterward, like where I was from, how long I planned to stay, did I have any activities planned while in Dallas and would I be seeing her again. This was accompanied by a lascivious smile. Look, I'm no fool, I've been around and am not flattering myself but it was a come-on. She gave me her personal business card. Her name was Thylda something, I didn't keep the card. I'm happily married, thank you, and plan to stay that way. Just watch yourself in the spa with this woman.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2007
<Rating>2	2	5	5	2	3	2	3	

<Author>bretbyrd
<Content>Wallet stolen out of our room!!!!!!!! We recently stayed at the Hotel Zaza and we were very disappointed.First let me state that we live in Dallas and just wanted a nice night out together.While we were there we had a Louis Vuitton wallet STOLEN out of our room. It was not in the safe but rather in my wife's Louis Vuitton purse. This was obviously an inside job and when we told the front desk staff, they acted as if it was no big deal and very unsympathetic. After 10 phone calls to the property, I finally got a call from the manager, Todd Iacona, who told me he would investigate.Of course he said that no one had accessed our room according to the key records. YEAH RIGHT. Hotel management 101 tells you never to admit fault but how about compensating us with a free night or dinner at the hotel. He offered none of that. As a local Dallasite, I recommend that you stay at the W downtown. The staff is much nicer and the amenities are much better.BTW...our room at ZAZA did not even have shampoo or soap, and there were numerous light bulbs burnt out.Avoid At All CostP.S. Please contact me if you have had a similar situation. I would love to contact the local news station and tell them what goes on here  
<Date>May 31, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>himark35
<Content>What's the big deal? I'm writing this actually at the Hotel ZaZa, and have to confess I'm wondering what the hype is about. I just checked in, and found the front desk staff to be vacuous and inattentive, to the point that they helped people out of turn. I didn't rate this overly poorly, because the rooms are very nicely appointed, and the hotel seems to have a good quality feel. Maybe I just travel too much, several nights each week, but I have little time and patience for poor service regardless of decor and amenities. I have not eaten at the restaurant yet, but my advice based on the reviews I've seen would be to eat here, and stay elsewhere.  
<Date>May 22, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	3	1	1	3	

<Author>JackandSally
<Content>Bohemian Suite at Zaza       Lots of Pillows  
<Date>May 7, 2007
<Rating>4	2	4	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>fionamcs
<Content>Thumbs up for Zaza We stayed for a week as my partner was on business and absolutely loved the Zaza. The hotel is well designed with lots of cute little features- lots of kitsch art (including Princess Diana coffee table book in foyer!). The staff are great as is the level of customer service. Would recommend Dragonfly restaurant- both food and wine fantastic (and I am hard to please), we ate there a couple of times. Bed really comfy and cleanliness exceptional. Would definitely recommend anyone staying but if I was going to be constructive I would suggest trying to book a room with a balcony in the Summer months particularly. Also the swimming looks inviting but is overlooked by the bar/ restaurant and is in the front of the hotel. Disagree with the comments about the noise - our room was soundproof.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>minibargrrl
<Content>Amazing Suite! Poor service! Super chic boutique hotel!       the dining room of the suite  
<Date>Apr 13, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	3	3	1	3	-1	

<Author>HEAD_TRIPPER_69
<Content>Fun, trnedy, cool, hip, luxurious, and hot! My fiance and I stayed at the ZAZA back in Sept. 2005 when we had a wedding to attend. We were looking for somewhere fun to book a room and the ZAZA was what we got. We were so pleased with our experience that we swore we would go back again, which we did last July, 2006. There is Trulucks Steak and Stonecrab right across the street for rockin good food (one of our favorite all time eating establishments ever). ZAZA has very swank rooms and even theme rooms...check out their website to get a glimps at www.hotelzaza.comThere is a fun bar in the hotel and the swimming area is hot to hang out in as well. Very cool.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>grinkle
<Content>Good luck sleeping on Fri or Sat nite... When we first checked in, apparently there had been a mix-up with dates (on their end). The woman we were dealing with was extremely unhelpful and we would have been out in the cold had her co-worker not stepped in. He cleared everything up within minutes. He obviously had a clue and was a good guy, whereas she was just cold and unhelpful altogether. She didn't even apologize about her mistake.The hotel has a funky vibe and the room was extremely comfortable. The elevators are so dark i literally thought that the lights were broken or something. Not so comfortable when there's more than you and a friend standing in there.Our room had a balcony that overlooked the courtyard area that is next to the restaurant (Dragonfly), which at first i thought was great, but we were to be in for a surprise later on...Apparently every Friday and Saturday nite, that area turns into a little nightclub type scene complete with a DJ and booming PA system (all under a tent). If you plan on staying either of those nights during the week, be aware of the whereabouts of your room and whether it overlooks the courtyard or not. Unless you have no problem with the annoying, throbbing oonst oonst pulsing and blaring through the walls and windows at 1AM while you're just trying to get some good ol shut-eye. Even with the balcony door double shut (there's a slider in addition to the door itself) and the curtains closed, it was maddening. Consider yourself forewarned.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	4	4	1	2	3	

<Author>lpqmember
<Content>Horrible, inept and rude with great rooms If you stay at Hotel Zaza, expect hip and great looking decor, large well furnished rooms and nice marble baths. Just don't expect any service. Rude staff hung the phone up on us when we called to ask for assistance. Housekeeping cleaned our room at 4:40 pm instead of morning. Front desk personnel are inept and no one seems to care about guests because the bar scene on the weekends is a big draw among the young Dallas beautiful crowd. We stay at 5 star hotels all over the world and have come to expect good service and polite service. Please don't expect that here. You won't be disappointed.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jte
<Content>Trendy, Modern, Elegant This is a very trendy hotel. Spend some time looking at the art, photographs, and collages up on the walls. The rooms are spacious, modern and clean. Bathroom is wonderful. The shower is almost a retreat in itself. Things are a bit cramped in the circle drive entry, the lobby, and the bar. It is definitely a place to see and be seen. The walls and floors/ceilings are a bit thin...we could hear the toy chihuahua next door and the people above us walking around. It kind of reminded me of my apartment!All in all, a very nice, trendy hotel. Recommended for a good night out...but not for a relaxing retreat.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bgou
<Content>Good room no sleep ZaZa is outwardly beautiful and if you are into partying and people watching it is a great place to stay. We stayed in the ZaZa suite, supposedly the nicest in the hotel, and it was fabulous. Opulent, well furnished and extremely neat. The rest of the hotel is a bit cramped including the lobby, restaurant and bar. The people watching is great but if you want to go to bed before 3:00 Am on the weekend and you are facing the front of the hotel you can forget it. Loud techno music blasts from the bar and can be heard and felt four floors up. Overall a nice hotel but it can't decide if it is a night spot or a luxury hotel. It only succeeded on the former.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2007
<Rating>3	3	5	5	5	3	2	-1	

<Author>CJAustin
<Content>Stylish, Sexy and Noisy       Zaza bath  
<Date>Dec 11, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	4	4	4	4	3	4	

<Author>KP&TP
<Content>Excellent in Every Way Normally stay at the Crescent Court when traveling to Dallas on Business, but this trip stayed at the Zaza and LOVED it!!!!The room was huge, full size sofa and oversized chair, large desk, big LG flat screen TV, very comfortable bed, big bathroom and wonderful shower. I travel alot for business, and generally miss my shower at home since I designed it - this is the closest I have come to matching the experience of showering at home - the shower was really big, great water pressure, bench to sit on while shaving, alcove to place coffee, razor, soap, shampoos, etc. and a really cool frosted glass window to the living area of the room with sayings etched on it. I loved it!!!! And yes, I like to sip on my coffee while in the shower in the morning or perhaps a beer or some wine in the evening :)The service was prompt and friendly from the valet, bellman, front desk and room service. During turn down service, they light tea candles in the room - very nice touch.One of the other touches that I really appreciated is the coffee station set up near the elevators. In the morning, you can run down the hall and get coffee or tea, very convenient and the coffee was fresh and good. In the evening there were cookies and I think iced tea, didn't sample any of that but again, just another nice touch at the property.Only had breakfast there and it was great - love steel cut oatmeal and the fruit platter was one of the best I've received at a hotel, better than the Ritz Carlton or the Crescent.Obviously, you can tell I loved this hotel, and I will be staying here from now on when traveling to my Dallas office.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BCMP
<Content>Horrible customer service My friends and I had a girls weekend planned at the hotel for my friend's birthday. We had purchased her favorite bottle of wine, which we had planned on giving her for her birthday. When we arrived at the hotel, the valet saw the bottle and refused to let us bring the wine into the hotel. Meanwhile, two other groups of people were bringing coolers into the hotel.We also had appointments booked at the ZaSpa at 5:30pm that evening. After waiting until 6:00pm, I asked the staff when I was going to be helped. They then told me they were running behind 45 minutes. Since we had dinner reservations at 7:00pm, I had to cancel.At dinner, the waiter just walked away from our table when we apparently asked too many questions about the menu, then proceeded to charge us for an extra entree that was never ordered.Throughout our stay, we asked to speak to the general manager or manager on duty at least three times, and everytime we asked, the staff said he had just left, and no one in management was available to speak with us.Finally, a few days after our stay, I had some questions about some charges made to my credit card. I left a message for the billing department, but never received a phone call back from them.The room itself was nice, but I have never received such horrible service. I wish we would have stayed at the Hotel Crescent Court across the street.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2006
<Rating>1	1	4	4	3	3	1	-1	

<Author>jafny
<Content>loved this hotel I was just here on business for a one day amd night but it was long enough to be totally impressed. Very modern yet traditional comfort all around and stupendous attention to detail. Ritz Carlton service at a fraction of the cost. The food wasn't bad either. Highly recommended for superior service, ambiance, comfort, fun and value.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lovinglife72
<Content>Texas Sexy Not trying to be elitist or negative... But fortunately or unfortunately there are a lot of hip and so-called sexy places in Los Angeles where I reside. A new club, restaurant or hotel pops up weekly with the so-called most cutting-edge design - interior and exterior. It's quite honestly exhausting to see these places trying so hard. Hotel Zaza felt like that kind of place to me - but like ten years removed. It felt like the sexiest, hippest brave face that Dallas could put on. I didn't dislike it. But all the extra pomp and circumstance simply wasn't necessary. Not when the rooms were so lovely and large. The bed was deliciously comfy. Nice roomy bathroom. Excellent service and all very clean. I don't want to rag on the lobby decor or anything, especially since I really enjoyed the accomodations. But it was just - a bit much. Like you kinda roll your eyes and say -- Okay, okay, I get it. You're cool! I'd prefer this place just be itself - well-appointed and luxuriously comfortable, instead of trying to be the Fonzie of Dallas hotels. My recommendation is to definitely stay here if you don't mind a bit of a scene in the lobby and restaurant at any given moment. Because once you get past it, you have a splendid room awaiting you.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>ZaZa - Cool and hip as it gets Stayed there 24th - 28th March and met some wonderful people.The best of the cool hotels I've stayed at. These include the Saundersons in London, Opus in Vancouver, W all over the place. Great ambiance, beautiful people (except me), good rooms and fantastic staff. What's not to like?? If you want cheap - do the Marriot courtyard.Anyone have any questions, please mail me - wg284@hotmail.co.uk  
<Date>Apr 2, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Aurora100
<Content>Weird not Whimsical Design Hotel Za Za is a modern boutique hotel that is just trying too hard to be the trendy hotel of the moment in Dallas. I think their hotel web site designs it as a himsical?hotel. It definitely does not like your average cookie-cutter hotel chain. Normally, this is a good thing, in my opinion. Ie stayed in many boutique hotels that Ie really enjoyed. However, the interior design of this hotel is just plain weird and really doesn work. Everything is on the dark side, particularly the elevators. The artwork, throughout the hotel is bizarre, especially the creepy statues you see when you the elevators doors open.On a positive side, the rooms were comfortable and large. They had a flat screen TV (although the quality of the TV and channel selection was so-so). The gym was ok and offered free bottled water. The breakfast at the hotel restaurant was delicious and for some reason it was complementary. However, the dinner at the restaurant was too upscale and fancy for my tastes. After a long day of working and traveling, I wanted something more casual. I highly recommend Trulocks, a steak and seafood place, right across the street from the hotel.The best thing about this hotel was the location. It close to downtown, but located in a nice area with lots of restaurants. It pleasant to walk around, and if you have a business meeting downtown, you really don need a car.However, I (or rather my company) paid close to $300 to stay in this hotel, and it is clearly not worth it, especially for a lower priced city such as Dallas. For that amount of money, my guess is that you can do better elsewhere in this city.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2006
<Rating>3	1	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>One of the nicest places I've ever stayed My husband and I recently stayed at Hotel Zaza and I was thoroughly impressed with the SERVICE! Yes, it is very posh and swanky, but that doesn't mean that the stay was bad. The restaurant served great breakfast and our waiter was outstanding. The rooms were BEAUTIFUL and the concierge was helpful and very accomodating. I definitely recommend this place to anyone. Worth the price.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Didn't Understand the Big Deal I stayed at the ZaZa while in Dallas on business. I read the reviews that stated it was cool, hip, and the place to be. While the hotel was very trendy and the rooms were very nice, I left wondering what all the fuss was about. I paid roughly $320 a night for a room?.in Dallasn a Monday night! I expect to pay top dollar in cities like New York, DC, Chicago, etc. But if I paying $300+ for a room in Dallas it better have more to offer than funky light fixtures and an overpriced restaurant. Hope this is helpful.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2006
<Rating>3	1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>jeanettetx18
<Content>Zaza was AmaZing! My husband and I stayed at the Zaza for a birthday celebration and loved every minute it! When we arrived, we had several bellhops rush out to greet us and then we were led inside where we were given complimentary champagne. Check-in was a breeze and our bellhop was very attentive from this point on...showing us the morning/afternoon beverage bar right outside the elevators and everything we needed to know about the room. We unloaded our bags and headed back out to explore the hotel because there is so much to see. The bellhop even took us on a tour of some of the other floors and let us peek inside some of the fancier suites, like the Shag-a-Delic room, the Metropolitan Suite and the West Indies room. That evening we had a fabulous dinner at Dragonfly (the pork tenderloin was the best I've had!). Granted, this is a very hip scene for Dallas so the bar/restaurant gets crazy packed around 10p, but it was so much fun. Our room was right outside Dragonfly/bar area, but we barely heard any noise later that night (they have double glass for noise reduction on the balcony doors). In the morning, the breakfast was a perfect way to end our stay. The little cinnamon rolls in the bread basket were such a treat! In all, we'll be back to stay at the Zaza and would definitely recommend it to friends and family for an exciting stay.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Calitraveler11
<Content>Not gaga for zaza In summary, if you want to stay someplace hip and aren't all that concerned about the level of service, I recommend Hotel ZaZa. Having stayed in many 4 and 5 star hotels in the US and abroad I would rate my overall experience a 3 star with random 4 or 5 star service at times. After a few of my friends and co-workers who live in Dallas said that Hotel ZaZa was all the rage in Dallas, a friend and I decided to book a two night stay there on a recent trip to check it out. To me the hotel had the feel of a W Hotel but the interior design was much more unique. The entire hotel reminded me of a hip-eclectic bar. That is where you will either appreciate or not the look of this place. I thought that if I was in my twenties and into the club scene this would seem like the coolest place on earth. Things like a shag bag and teeth whitener in the mini bar selections were good chuckles for me, and the candy bar on my bed at night instead of a chocolate mint was fun (even though I didn't eat it). While the stay was entertaining at times, I will not stay there again. Seeing it once was enough. If the service had been consistently better, I might choose to Stay ZaZa again just so I can hang out at the pool. The location is also great. If you want details on the service we experienced, read on. I found the service to be hit and miss and mostly miss. The restaurant service for a Saturday lunch was mediocre at best. The waiters were nice but they had too many large tables and not enough wait staff. (It seems the locals love the restaurant for birthday parties and bridal showers.) The service was slow and when the waiter was at your table you felt like you better tell him what you need fast or he will be gone. Check-in was probably the worst experience. When my friend gave the gentleman at the front counter her name, he got her first name wrong, and when she corrected him, he said, close enough. The bellhop that took our bags to our room did not orient us to our room or the hotel - he actually did not speak to us at all. He was practically running out the door when we called him back for his tip. Why did we do that? We would have loved to have known that coffee and tea is set up each morning outside of the elevator bank along with your choice of the NY Times or the Dallas paper. I only figured this out when I noticed the coffee bar after returning from the pool bar our second morning for $3 old fashioned coffees (not including tip). In the workout facility, they try to provide you with cold water, but the first morning the stainless steel bowl with ice was empty, and the second morning there was bottled water but no ice. Our maid did not refill our soap, shampoo or lotion for our second night, which I thought was standard in a hotel of this caliber. They provided only one (torn) robe in a room with two double beds. Our check-out was pleasant and easy. I thought the valet service was attentive, and they handed us two cold mini bottles of water when we left once and for all, which I thought was a nice touch given the 100 degree heat that day. I just wish I could have gotten that same cold bottle of water after sweating it a bit in the gym.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2005
<Rating>2	3	4	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Disappointed in ZaZa Went to Hotel ZaZa for a weekend birthday getaway. We were disappointed by the leftover room service food that was in front of our door when we were showed to the room and stayed there until the next morning when I asked that it be removed. The room was small but nicely decorated. We ate at the Dragonfly and the food was excellent but the service was not. We waited 20 minutes to order a drink by the pool just to be told they did not have the bottle of wine we ordered. Took another 20 minutes to get receive our second choice of wine. Accidentally left several new clothes (tags still on) in a drawer in the room. First time we called the said they would return our call. Second time they said it wasn't logged by housekeeping so they didn't have it. All in all I would say skip the ZaZa and stay at another of Dallas's luxury hotels.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2005
<Rating>2	3	4	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Josi2006
<Content>A true oasis in Texas... I strongly recommend Hotel Zaza if you are business or pleasure! I recently stayed there on a quick stop traveling to the UK. I felt no need to leave the property (except of dinner at a wonderful place recommended by the conceirge. After a week of crazy travel and holiday, it was the best way to unwind. The pool is amazing - not large - but well set up and decorated. The right level of fun and relaxation. Bar service to your deck chairs whether is a water with lemon or a bottle of bubbly. The in-hotel food and bar rival that of NYC or London. The rooms were very well designed, the beds incredibly comfortable and I loved the toiletries. The staff were warm and helpful. Not invasive but willing to make your stay the best it could be. The spa looked great - didn't manage to sneak that in between my hectic hours poolside but definitely would if I had another day. We did stay mid-week so it was quieter than normal but I would definitely go back at any point. Note: I have never posted a review before but often use this website to check out place. But I like Hotel Zaza so much that I felt I should contribute!  
<Date>Jul 19, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JonesinMaine
<Content>Tacky and classless Hotel ZaZa markets itself as a luxury hotel, but they display tacky thong underwear in the lobby for sale and display many shagging references throughout the hotel - not the picture of luxury or class in my book. Poor check-in service - room not ready until almost 4 p.m. when check in was supposed to be 3 p.m. Overrated and overpriced.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2005
<Rating>1	1	4	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Horrible Service was terrible. Ordered simply coffee twice from room service... both time it was over TWO HOURS before it came and only after reminder calls to the desk. Menu in Dragon Fly is awful. Finally order simple food from child's menu... it cost over $50.00 for two. Is a non-smoking hotel which is great except I smoke and was not told this was the case when making the reservation. Music from the pool area inundated my room until after 2 AM non-stop. Walls were paper thin, staff were unresponsive, robes in rooms were non-existent. I paid over $1000.00 for the most excruciating night's stay ever. If they can't give food, service and privacy in the room... it is not a hotel. Honestly the worst place I've ever stayed.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2005
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>gwizz
<Content>Neat concept hotel...but poor service and paper thin walls We decided to try the Hotel ZaZa for an annniversary weekend as we had heard it was very hip, trendy and romantical. Overall impression of the building is a neat design and idea. We booked a room a few weeks in advance and were told only parlor rooms available. Took it anyway, arrived at 3PM and taken to room. Obviously had been smoked in and while the decor was unusual and different the room is small. Bathroom was single sink and stand alone shower only. Disappointed as we were told room would have tub. Asked for a change in rooms but they were sold out. Walls are PAPER THIN, we heard everything.Had made prior arrangements that morning with the concierge for specific items to be in room upon arrival. NOT THERE! Took several phone calls and 2 hours to get items and they were still not as requested. We should have taken our own bags to our room, that also took almost two hours. Spa service was great, had couples massage. Turndown service is neat. They put candles in your room with Chocolate Turtles candy. We had room service dinner that was very good. I would say the front desk, concierge, bellstand and housekeeping are the areas that need great improvemnets as well as some insulation for the walls.  
<Date>May 24, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Much Ado About Nothing! I have stayed at ZaZa a few times now. The first time is was kitschy and cool, but lacked the service and panache I expected. Now ZaZa feels like any other hotel. The perceived sublime newness has turned to ordinary and perhaps even tacky. There is nothing special about this property or the people that linger around the urban oasis. If you have to display a collage of who has stayed at the hotel, you are no longer on the A list! The service at the front desk is inconsistent and truly depends on who greets you. The rooms are interesting, but not extraordinary.I have dined at Dragonfly and was not impressed! The service is slow and the attention to detail is horrible. We asked that the unused wine glasses be cleared from our table three times and they were finally removed after the meal was served. Dragonfly is little more than a trendy restaurant on it's way out. I eagerly await the Ritz and the W! Hurry!! Until then, I will stay at other properties in Dallas that can walk the walk and talk the talk!! ZaZa has very little luster!  
<Date>Apr 4, 2005
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>VinoTinto
<Content>Pretention but subpar This is one of the most highly overrated establishments to open in Dallas in recent years. Despite all of the chic trappings, this is hardly a first class hotel. Instead, luxury and first class treatment are paper thin here. Two examples: After waiting for nearly forty minutes for lunch, I received a chicken dish that was practically raw. No, I did not order chicken sashimi. I called the front desk in the morning from my office because I thought that I might have inadvertently left my cell phone at the bar. I was patched into lost and found which offered nothing more than a recorded message. I left a message complete with phone number but my call was not returned. So, I went over to the hotel at about 2:00 p.m. and it took the indifferent front desk clerks a full half of an hour to provide a simple response to my simple question of whether the phone was found or not. For the money, you can do a lot better in Dallas.   
<Date>Feb 11, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Worst Dining experience ever I planned a birthday dinner at Dragonfly for my husband. I found the place beautiful, but way too small. It was very loud and crowded. I thought that the menu was very limited and the food was not worth the prices that they listed. THe waiter we had was having a hard time keeping up. I had to ask constantly for drink refills. The final blow, was the cake. I handed my husband's favorite cake to the manager when I came in so that it could be brought out at the end of the meal. The waiter brought out slices of cake for everyone. Then the waiter brought the check, and I noticed that they had charged me $38 for slicing the cake! I could not believe it! The manager never warned me of this charge. I was furious. I told the waiter that I was not about to pay that amount, so he got the manager. Instead of the manager apologizing for not mentioning the charge when I handed the cake to him before we sat for dinner, he started arguing with me and tried to get me to pay half! I was very insulted! I will never go back there again, and I would never recommend Dragonfly to anyone.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>papier-mache hotel? never again!!!!! i recently had the displeasure of staying at, what i can only assume to be, the first hotel in history to be made of papier-mache! i could have gotten a better nights sleep in the trash dumpster out back! every room around ours was up to the wee hours of the morning, every night, with multiple guest. the night we had more than four guests, in our suite, we were told about thier strict hotel policy, no more than 4 persons per room, it must have just been instated that evening! we were there for a week, and we had the suite for our wedding night, where the person above us complained for noise from the stripper pole installed in our room. if i were to build a kitchy, overrated hotel, designed to rip off dallasites, inturn to make them feel cool, and younge, i might have thought to put all suites that have stupid triknets that protrude to the ceiling on the 4th floor. and to boot, a young lady at the front desk, when asked about a cocktail hour, answered your doing very well in the room that you have at the rate that you got personally, i don't need anyone at any front desk telling me how much i have paid, and for three grand, i should be able to ask as many dumb questions as i wish. i only recommend this place to idiots and losers. i will never go back.  
<Date>Jan 12, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bradowpc
<Content>Tacky  Never before has the word disgraceful been more befitting of a hotel or resort. From its ill-conceived stucco faade to its dark and murky rooms, this hotel was obviously built by people who had all the money in the world but not so much as one once of good taste. The lobby, which was intended by its designer(s) to be eclectically hip, resembles a vomitus collage of remnants from an over-budgeted late 90s MTV production set. The inadequately trained front desk staff is miserably tragic. Their incompetence and poor attention to detail are nothing short of astounding. Perhaps most embarrassing is their complete lack of the most basic knowledge of the local surroundings in terms of suggestions for restaurants, nightlife, or even the simplest of driving directions. The food at the Dragonfly is inedible, overpriced, and scantily apportioned. The bar crowd consists mostly of millionaire wannabes, retirees, and lost looking business travelers who would probably be much better off drinking away their forlornness at any one of the dozens of nearby restaurants or lounges. In my opinion, those who would endorse this place to others as being eally cool?are probably as devoid of class and taste as the hotel itself, and deserve every bit of the poor, unpolished disservice that awaits them in this tawdry, malodorous dwelling. I cannot WAIT for the Ritz Carlton and W hotels to shut this place down, hopefully forever.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2005
<Rating>1	1	3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Experience at zaza We stayed here to get away from the house for a weekend. Cute place. Nice Decor.Check-in took a little longer because our room was not ready, they did offer us drinks.Dragonfly has good desserts. The people that frequent there are a little on the 'metro' side, but it makes for nice watching.The room was clean. However, the hotel seems to be a 'party place' with a lot of noise into the late hours. There was some party going on down the hall at around 2 a.m. We called the front desk and it was shut down quickly.It's a cute hotel, but one experience of it is plenty.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Enjoyable Experience I stayed this past weekend and enjoyed the lovely decor. The rooms were nice and comfortable. I just loved the umbrella. I'll be back!  
<Date>Jul 20, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>So overrated A couple of girlfriends and I decided to stay there one night since our electricity was out due to storms. Needless to say, we were excited...because after all..It's Hotel ZaZA classic Dallas attitude. Things were looking good at first...valet was very attentive, check in was average, things were running smoothly. Then we got to our room...all I could say was...interesting. The room had little or no lighting and the decor was cheap and tacky...the room looked like it was put together the night before. Not to mention that there was a condom wrapper in the corner. Had they even cleaned the room or just picked up alittle? They bathroom was ok..but again, looked like it had been put together quickly. Later that evening we decided to go down to the infamous Dragonfly....very overrated. The bar was filled with drunk, tacky older men and women who thought they were cool because they were at the Dragonfly. Don't get me wrong, my girlfriends and I are in our upper 20's and we love a good bar and hotel but come on now.... This hotel is more like an amusement park attraction rather than a nice, classy, hip hotel it claims to be. Thank goodness, Dallas is finally getting a W and a Ritz...I recommend if you are visitng Dallas to choose The Crescent across the street.   
<Date>Jun 3, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>~Never~ Never~Never~ Again~~ This hotel is not at all the hip place to be in Dallas. First of all, they guard the doors beginning @ 11:00 pm (so don't plan a party)  NOT let anyone up to your room after driving for 5 hours just for the party and turned away at the door....The whole idea of staying @ this place that is suppose to be the ZaZa thing...NOT.....They place earplugs on your pillow, but still complain you are being to loud just walking up to the room upon check-in. Give me a break. Was a total waste of $525.00 for the suite plus $200.00 for a regular room. Next time, warn your guests if they plan to visit you past their 11:00 pm door guard - This felt like a high class, over priced prison. Oh,  by the way, you never came up to lock the liquor cabinet from the 16 year old's in the room.....Terible service - even the limo service sucked...........  
<Date>May 6, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>vegastraveler
<Content>Never again!   showReview(1854531, 'full');   
<Date>May 3, 2004
<Rating>1	1	3	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>loubetti
<Content>ZaZa is Zariffic!   showReview(1850641, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 30, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Dragonfly - could be so much more   showReview(1736979, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 22, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Horrible service   showReview(1728372, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 17, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Tries too hard   showReview(1613287, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 25, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The jury is still out...   showReview(1394888, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 15, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a Joke!   showReview(1033151, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 2, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hip    showReview(985804, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 30, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a raucous joint   showReview(859311, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 19, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderfull ZAZA!!!   showReview(833793, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 5, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>A ne pas manquer!   showReview(13979625, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 27, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

