<Author>janesimmons37
<Content>great Great staff, great beds, great everything! You can tell this hotel is new and well designed! Only thing i wasnt too happy about was the lack of a pool! Desk staff was awesome!  
<Date>Oct 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>snb2008
<Content>Very Accomodating and Kind I was fortunate enough to evacuate my home in baton rouge due to lack of power to this lovely property. The staff was so very kind and it truly was my refuge. The hotel itself is gorgeous! The beds spectacular! The shower head great! The food awesome! The are amazing! I just cant use enough adjectives to describe how awesome my experience is! The best part was it was inexpensive, yet i felt like i was in a brand new resort! The only negative i had was the lack of a pool, but in new orleans who needs one...you need a good comfy bed, a great air con, curtains to block the light, and a helpful staff and this place had it all!  
<Date>Sep 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>dmillan
<Content>Miles above the rest I was originally at the hampton and switched midway through the week. Not only way this place about 20 dollar cheaper, it was SOOO much nicer! The bar was awesome, and the desk clerks amazing!  
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>lalagrad
<Content>Best hotel in new orleans I visited this hotel when seeing my son at tulane! It was fantastic. From checkin to checkout I loved EVERYTHING about this place! The rooms are well appointed and the locations is perfect! Check it out!  
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MikeHy
<Content>Great Bargin in Garden District Great Bargin in Garden District and lower St. Charles. Paid $89 per night for a Friday/Saturday stay. Room are clean, well maintained, and roomy.Plus: Rates, Location, Courteous staff, nice restaurant downstairs, comfortable room.Minus: Parking (valet fee $18 per night) only alternative is parking on side street with no security, thin walls between rooms (loud TV !st night, amorous couple next morning).Overall nice hotel, would stay again  
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>happytravels1234
<Content>Great Remodeled Hotel!       Clarion Hotel Grand Boutique - from St. Charles Street  
<Date>Mar 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>hollyberrie1
<Content>This place is great From the time i stepped into this wonderful hotel, i knew i was going to be treated like a mardi gras queen! We stayed hereon a whim, partly because we knew it was on the parade route! We used to stay next door before the storm, but once this reopened we decided to check it out. I loved it. EVERYTHING was brand new! I loved to look of the rooms, the staff was awesome, the food was superb. The front desk staff were amazing...everything i needed was attended to immediatly, they got me king cake, they got me parade info, they suggested restaraunts, foudn church services, i mean they were on the ball! The rooms themselves were awesome, very contemporary and nice! The only thing i didnt like was that there were no plasma tvs in the room( the desk agent said they would be there within the year!) My daughter is at tulane, so i travel to new orleans alot, and i have to say this is the BYFAR the NICEST hotel near tulane. I plan to be back often!  
<Date>Feb 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Geofpkp
<Content>Totally Redone...Don't Look At Old Pictures or Reviews       The toilet area  
<Date>Dec 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Love2TravelCovington
<Content>Cool Place My stay at the Clarion was wonderful. The room was very large, and very comfortable. The location was excellent, about a mile or so from the heart of The French Quarter. Street Cars run right across the street. To the west you have Uptown and the Garden District. The staff was very courteous and the breakfast was very good. The rooms were neatly decorated. Everything was in good order in the room. This is the type of hotel that you'll remember for it's difference! There is a tempting restaurant in the hotel with delicious cheese cake. Of course the fun of New Orleans is the French Quarter, and this hotel is a nice way to sit back and enjoy the garden district.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>rhodgreen
<Content>Never Again Having spent a long time looking through various reviews of various hotels in New Orleans, I decided on the Grand Boutique as it seemed to have a good specificataion and was not as expensive as many other hotels that were nearer the French Quarter.What a mistake choosing the CGB was!It is about 2 miles from the centre of NO, it is easily walkable if you have the energy and the cheap streetcar does stop immediately in front of the hotel, but there is not a lot in the immediate area except Burger Kind and Wendys and some small pubs. If I were to return to NO, I would certainly stay much nearer Canal Street where everyone else did! It appeared to be a clean and safe area despite some runours to the contrary. The convention center is a 15min very easy walk once you know the way.First impressions of the hotel were dismal! The reception area is very small, and mostly used as a holding area for customers awaiting tables in the Cheesecake Bistro which forms most of the ground floor of the hotel building (under different management to the hotel though). The Bistro was actually very popular and well worth a visit. Reception staff appeared courteous at first, although this did not last when the problems began.We were only one floor up from reception and had to use the lift/elevator as the stairs are a fire escape only - how lazy is this!!The corridors were very large and clean, but that is when the musty air hits you first - which gets stronger as you enter your room!The rooms are very large and spacious. At night or when the curtains are closed they are very dark, despite having all five table lamps turned on.The bed was clean and comfortable. The bath looked in need of a good scrub, the shower was fine. The lock did not work on the bathroom door and the loose toilet seat and broken hairdryer had to be replaced withing our first 24h. A small coffee maker is supplied which is useless if you are a tea drinker. The fridge is a nice size and does its best to keep you awake at night.The television has plenty of free cable channels, although movies were pay per view only, as was the Nintendo 64 unit (quite coslty per hour charge!).The rooms windows do not open. The air-con unit appears very old and is not climate control as stated on some sites and is extremely noisy - you can not sleep and have it on at the same time!My two biggest complaints about this hotel was the breakfast and the wireless internet access.The breakfast, which is meant to last until 10am, often runs out after 9 and simply comprised of distgusting coffee, cheap fake orange juice, a plain bagel, a muffin and a very small cake. Then there was barely no room available in the small reception area to eat it - by the end of our week we were unable to bring ourselves to go near it and bought breakfast elsewhere.The complimentary wireless internet access did not work. On our first day I went to talk to reception about it who stated that I was not the first and it would be fixed the next day. It never was! Most of the staff would have the same line of telling you that it is going to be fixed tomorrow. One more honest worker told us that it had never worked properly since it was installed! The manager was most unhelpfull, and refused a discount as we had pre-payed through Expedia (who I have taken this up with). You could connect to their network - but then it seemed as if they were not connected to the internet!!I fail to see how the Clarion Grand Boutique is three star - it is no better than two star properties I have stayed in - and miles away from being four star!!I probably will return to NO (conference depending) - never to this hotel though.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not bad I was attending a business convention in town so I wasn't there alot. Convient location on the trolley line.Large nice room and yes the walls are thin but ear plugs fixed that. I didn't eat the breakfast there I went across the street for a hearty breakfast. A little pricey and definintly not for a family.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Thin-Walled/Loud Neighbors/Housekeeping/Cheap Furnishings/Pitiful Shower! Beware of Boutique label! Loose, vinyl bathroom wallpaper, loud Hotel 6-type a/c units, extremely loud housekeeping personnel very early in the A.M.; paper-thin walls (could hear neighbor snoring). 70's/80's contemporary decor--all that's missing is a disco ball. You can certainly do much better for less money. Parking is valet-style with a fee, and your car is parked near the overflowing trash dumpsters. Need I say more?  
<Date>Jun 21, 2004
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	2	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good value This hotel is pretty spartan but it's a great value for what we paid. There's a continental breakfast to fill up on and the streetcar goes right in front of the place down to Canal Street.The staff was a couple of hot chicks who I felt went the extra mile to take care of our specific needs.Stay here if you want to pay less but get value!  
<Date>May 7, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>This hotel saved us We had a great stay at the Clarion Grand Boutique! After checking out early from the pitiful Garden District Hotel down the street, I was happy to discover the CGB had a decent continental breakfast, very nice American-style restaurant (reasonably priced), a microwave and refrigerator in the rooms, and spacious rooms (NONE of which are at the Garden District Hotel). I don't know if new management has taken over since the previous reviews, but currently this hotel has everything one would need for under $100/night and we would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Dec 15, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lots to see and Do This was our first trip together and both our first to New Orleans for Susan and I. I have flown to Florida and Utah, but don't remember the seats in the airplane being so small. However, both the flight and luggage process went smoothly. What we didnt expect is for downtown Canal Street in New Orleans to look like New York City, which we had just departed from. No matter, the Clarion Hotel seemed nice, so we checked in and found out we should've called to confirm that we in fact requested a smoker's room even though our arrangementssaid we did when we booked online. Apparently, there was a big college rivalry basketball game in town and the parents and fans were staying at the hotel. So they were booked solid, and the room we got was small like the one I grew up in about 10 feet by 10 feet tops with two double beds, 19 inch tv, mini coffee maker and small fridge underneath. We quickly made friends with housekeeping and they helped us out with an ashtray for Susan and said don't worry about it. The friendly front desk employees said to check back everyday to get bumped up to that smoker's room. Day 3 - I guess they liked us so much (or we bugged them enough, everytime we came in and out of the hotel the first two days) that they gave us a suite that was available and boy that was very enjoyable! There was no restaurant in the hotel itself nor closeby but they did serve a very lavish breakfast every morning down in the lobby with eggs, sausage, biscuits, fruits, cereals, coffee, tea, waffles, you name it! The first two days we walked everywhere because the downtown trolley we were looking forward to, right in front of our hotel according to the online brochure, ended up being under construction and out of service during our entire stay there, but we managed to find our way around. On day two, we discovered through the tour shacks at the other end of Canal Street that you can buy a bus pass for $5.00 good for three days getting around New Orleans. The locals were friendly, some a bit out there but all in all it was a safe ride where ever we chose to go. There is lots to see and do in New Orleans and for us two girls out in the world we had a blast! We saw the incredible Aquarium, the well designed Zoo, the Farmers Market, the Mardi Gras Museum, and a swamp tour, there is a free ferry to take across the mighty Mississippi, even ghost tours and a vampire tour which we divulged in, plus plenty of bars  restaurants with all kinds foods an drink to enjoy. Harrah's Casino had an excellent buffet though I felt the price was a bit high at $20 per/person. I'm not a big eater so I didn't think it was worth the price, however, the food was outstanding. Now I'm no gambler, but I tried a slot machine anyway just to say I did it. It was the first time in my life. I won $1.25 and we left. During our stay, the weather was generally nice (around 70's) except for an occasional shower. I recommend the taking the trolley (there was one working down the road off a side street) for a nice tour of the garden district. The fee is reasonable ($1.50), and our bus passes included the trolley fee so that worked out great. There are plenty of taxi's though for those who want to spend the extra money. We did take a taxi down Canal street to the casino that night because of rain which cost $7.00 plus tip for about 10 blocks. Even though we were there for a 7 days, we still did not see as much as we would've liked. Our stay there was during St Patrick's day week so there was lots of partying in the streets at night, we started at Pat O'Brien's which crowded quickly after dark and they had a very friendly waitstaff and Susan insisted we try every green colored drink on their menu, we then ended up at the Cat's Meow singing karoake! We decided to head back to our hotel around 9:30PM for the night as a parade was coming down Bourbon Street and beads were being thrown everywhere! I caught a few as we headed toward the hotel. Once back on Canal Street we saw two gentlemen walking our way towards hotel so asked them if we could walk along side them, we heard its not safe at night in some areas and so we made it to our hotel safely for a well needed night's rest. On the day of our departure, the airport shuttle picked us up outside our hotel no phone confirmation needed, it was on time, very friendly and we were on our way home again with no problems just a bit crowded on the plane again. I gotta tell you, the first class seats in this plane looked like the normal seats on my florida flight. All in all we had an oustanding time, met some great memorable people and enjoy the city of New Orleans. It's definitely worth a trip back there now that we know what the City is all about. And I feel the staff at our Clarion Hotel is one of the reasons we would stay there again.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved CGB Our stay at the Clarion Grand Boutique was very pleasant. We did not have to drive anywhere since the trolly stopped right in front of the hotel. The food at the Copeland downstairs was great. I will not soon forget our waitress Karmalia. Good luck with school and your future. We enjoyed our stay here very much and have already recommended this hotel to our friends.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Avoid this hotel at all cost At this hotel, just because you made reservations months in advance and then prepaid the week before, you will not necessarily get the room you reserved. The managers are impossible to locate. All but one of the hotel staff were unprofessional in addressing our problem. Also, be sure you have packed everything when you leave. I forgot to empty a dresser drawer and made 3 phone calls to inquire about lost items. Finally, one person says they looked but did not find anything. And their continental breakfast is a joke!  
<Date>Mar 12, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>coachdog
<Content>NOT Grand Boutique ( Clarion Grand Boutique ) This hotel is advertised as an upscale suite hotel in the Garden District. While it's true that it is in the Garden District, I can't say that it is upscale. It may have been once, perhaps when Mr. Copeland still owned it. It is now not what I would consider to be upscale. This room had the filthiest carpet that I have ever seen in my life. I am still amazed that they would even let someone stay in this room! I am sure that this room was never cleaned during my stay. I know that the floors were not vacuumed, none of the tabletops or mirrors were cleaned. They must have had a shortage of towels as we were given 2 bathtowels, 2 hand towels and no washcloths. We did get a washcloth after asking for one. There were 2 of us in this room, and the room also had a Jacuzzi, so one would expect at least 4 bathtowels. The restaurant in the hotel offered room service. For three days dirty dishes from room service sat on the table in the hall in front of the elevator. We were given 2 coffee cups, which were never replaced or cleaned during the 5 days, no drinking glasses, and not left coffee for the coffee maker after the first day. When housekeeping came, they made the bed, linens not changed once during the stay, emptied the trash, took dirty towels and left clean ones, on the sink. That was housekeeping. No cleaning took place. Never. Complaints were brushed off, and the general attitude was if you don't like it leave, which I wish that we would have. Checked into some of the other properties close by, but they were full. Did not want to stay in the FQ and had no rental car so we stuck it out.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

