<Author>psudoo
<Content>Is the Beach House for you?       Upper Terrace  
<Date>Jan 9, 2009
<Rating>3	2	4	5	2	3	3	1	

<Author>cruzinjc
<Content>Not so bad 1) Housekeeping - After reading all the reviews, the first thing we did when we checked in was to check our sheets and sure enough there was hair on the comforter, flat sheet, fitted sheet, and pillow cases. My husband immediately took it all off and went to the front desk and asked for it to be taken careof. We happened to meet Pete while waiting for the front desk to address the issue and explained to him why we were waiting. Pete immediately went upstairs to change our sheets and he even mopped the floor, that looked like it hadn't been cleaned for days. We actually went to Walmart and bought a lightweight comforter and asked that they keep their comforter out of the room. Housekeeping leaves alot to be desired!!! 2) Rooms - Our room was small (no biggie)..no phone, no drawers, a small closet to hang stuff, no refrigerator. We ended up just living right out of our suitcase. Just an fyi if you are a heavy packer.3) Staff - Pete (works the morning shift and is responsible for the beach area and breakfast)...made our stay worthwhile. He took care of all the guests, no matter what the request. We would go for walks every morning and upon our return Pete awaited us with water and had the beachchairs/umbrella all setup for us. He was amazing. He also provided a list of things for us to do and a list of great restaurants.Sabrina (runs the frontdesk and is one of the managers)...she was accommodating and pleasant to deal with. Our flight wasn't scheduled to depart until late afternoon, she allowed us to extend our stay at no charge so we had a place to wait without having to get stuck at the airport. Chris (ran the bar while we were there)...he was very kind and had great conversations with us. Also gave great suggestions on places to visit.4) Restaurant - Only ate there once and it was good. However, to our surprise the menu had no Puerto Rican dishes available. We often ate out because of this and the restaurant doesn't open until after 5. It was closed on Monday and Tuesday. For lunch you also have to leave the hotel due to their hours.5) Bar - Relaxing atmosphere during the day (very chic), however the rock music totally disrupted the atmosphere. When the carribbean or the jazz music was on, it was such a relaxing place to be. The bar was opened Wed - Sun from 12pm on. On Friday and Satuday the bar is open to everyone (guests and what seemed to be all the locals in san juan) and it doesn't close until after 1am and the music is LOUD!! On Sunday we figured we wouldn't have to deal with the massive crowds, we would just relax...NOT the case. There was something going on in the lounge and it was soooo LOUD! a little irritating at times. There is no schedule or information available that warns you...so be AWARE! The bar and restaurant were closed on both Monday and Tuesday (surprised) and so be ready to go out for food and drinks.6) Room Service - not your typical because none of the rooms have phones. So you go downstairs to the frontdesk (a few feet from the bar/rest) and tell the attendant what you want and they bring it up to you. Hello, if you have to get up and get dressed, you might as well go to the back patio and eat!7) Parking - The hotel provided parking. However be aware on weekends the place gets packed because of the bar and so if you go out make sure and return by 7ish because the parking gets filled and you will lose your spot. Ridiculous, I know but be warned!8) Beach area - is absolutely beautiful and in my opinion probably the most enticing within miles. It is available to the locals as well which didn't seem to be a big deal. Everyone seemed to be having a good time.Overall, the stay was a pleasant one. The biggest frustration for us was housekeeping and the late hours at the bar. We probably wouldn't stay here again on our next few visits to San Juan. We actually visited the condo's to the right and left of the hotel and found that we could rent a place for about the same price and have an extra room and a kitchen. Not bad.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	5	4	3	

<Author>gsrgrl023
<Content>just what i was looking for the beach house was the perfect hotel for me and my friends. we weren't looking for luxurious rooms, but just a place to sleep at night since we were planning to spend most of our time on the beach. their beach area was awesome. there were times when my friends and i had it all to ourselves. if you're looking for something that's affordable, low maintenance, and has a great beach, then definitely go here. service was also great. the only thing to watch out for is the bar. my friends and i paid $77 for 6 shots of patron!  
<Date>Oct 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	5	4	3	

<Author>brooklyn238
<Content>Nice affordable choice on the beach, although with its problems. We are pretty low-key couple who didn't need a lot of frills, just a weekend getaway on the beach, so the Beach House Hotel was a good fit -- affordably priced, located near the airport (we had late arriving and early departing flights), and right on the beach. I must say, the location on the beach is really this hotel's best feature. The beds and cabanas outside on the beach are great, as well as beach-side service for drinks/food etc. Hanging out on the cabanas at night is definitely a lot of fun as well. The complimentary breakfast is extremely basic....mini-boxes of cereal, some sad pieces of fruit, and coffe/tea. Not great, but did the job. The restaurant on the beach is decent, and service was fine.The rooms definitely could use a lot of improvement. We spotted a few cockroaches and only had hot water once during our weekend stay. Apparently there were problems/construction at the hotel (or maybe the city too?) The decor makes it seem hip and trendy, but is really just covering up some levels of crustiness. Location was great. We were able to walk to other fancy hotels eat at their restaurants, go to the casinos, etc. Would probably not stay here next time, but would definitely stay at a neighboring hotel and enjoy the day relaxing on their chairs/lounges and eating at the bar. If you are considering this hotel, I think it'd suffice for a really short trip (no more than 3 nights.) Although the beach-side amenities are great, you can still access them even if you aren't staying at the hotel.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	2	3	3	2	

<Author>madmen
<Content>don't stay here! PLEASE don't stay here...The photos are totally misleading.We stayed for 9 days at this below-standard hotel and what they did not tell us was they are renovating.Literally,wheelbarrows full of rubble going through the middle of the restaurant/patio area!We are not fussy travelers but the rooms were what you would expect at a crappy motel off the highway.We were given a room facing the parking lot and I insisted on an ocean view which we got two days later.The bed was broken and leaning to one side.They fixed it with a cinderblock.And last,the only food was a very expensive restaurant.No options.The breakfast was bad coffee and old pastry and finally we were charged $7 for a bottle of warm water in our room!STAY AWAY.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	3	2	3	2	1	

<Author>christofides
<Content>May 25-29 My Boyfriend and I had a very pleasant experience overall. The hotel staff was very nice and the hotel itself is a very trendy spot. Though quite loud at night--we slept fine with the television or the ipod playing. The beach wasn't overcrowded and service for the beach chair towels was great. We tried the appetizer menu (at the bar--not the restaurant) and it was awesome. If you venture out, 'the taco stand' is a few blocks away and is a very popular spot for locals to grab beers and the food is good..**If you are used to resort style traveling, this is not the hotel for you.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	5	5	-1	

<Author>sandlubbers
<Content>Great Find and a Pleasant Surprise March 20-21  March 29: We found the Beach House Hotel to be a very pleasant surprise, in marked contrast to numerous negative reviews in Trip Advisor. Though our rooms were small, they were clean and comfortable, and despite forewarnings, turned out to be quiet for our two pre-cruise nights. The small, intimate hotel did have the distinct feel of a boutique hotel and had a unique ambiance.The biggest beef among reviewers seemed focused on poor staff service. Forewarned with this information, we went out of our way to test the staff on service at every opportunity. We found all we encountered to be very friendly and accommodative. We would particularly single out Sabrina at the front desk for her concern and responsiveness. Upon check-in we noted that the hotel provided i-pod dock in our room was lacking a power cord. Upon reporting this to Sabrina, she showed up in less than five minutes with a replacement. She was equally prompt in responding to our request for extra hangars for our closet. Other staff assistance was provided regarding rain forest cruise information and directions to other venues in the area. The front desk staff promptly summoned a taxi when requested. We enjoyed two great dinners at the hotel restaurant (Cafe LePlage) which was in the most romantic setting imaginable. We chose tables for both dinners that were actually on the sand beach behind the hotel. We enjoyed friendly out-door bar service prior to dinner. The hotel beach area was illuminated with torches. They have three Asian daybeds on the beach. Their sheer curtains billowed in the pleasant breeze off the sea and caught the reflective light from the torches. It was an absolutely gorgeous setting (click on 鈥渉otel photos鈥?at the Trip Advisor review page for the hotel). The food was excellent. Peter and Gretchen rendered excellent and attentive table service. On the Saturday night of our post-cruise stay at the hotel, we did experience the noise we came to expect from reading the reviews. However, we thought it worth it because the source of the noise was a traditional Brazilian wedding that took place at the hotel on the aforementioned beach. The festivities included about a 45 minute non-stop performance by a drum corps (apparently a Brazilian wedding custom), which we enjoyed very much. Our second dinner on the beach was actually within feet of the ceremony and subsequent reception. We almost felt like wedding guests, though we abandoned the party early as it went on on until at least 3:00 am. To deal with the noise, we simply turned on our i-pod in our room to great effect in muffling the noise. We requested a late check-out on our departure date because of our late afternoon flight and were graciously accommodated. We spent some more time on the beach. Again, a request for beach towels was responded to promptly. The only inconvenience we experienced was a near complete water shutoff on our last morning at the hotel. Upon inquiring, we were told that the city was working on water supply lines and that the hotel had no control over it. Understood, but notice of such could and should have been provided as a courtesy to guests. Otherwise, we suspect that most of the problems experienced by others may have been attitude problems of their own rather than that of the staff. As for us, we wouldn鈥檛 hesitate to return to Beach House.Tom  Barb R. (Chicago area)  
<Date>Apr 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>waterguy792000
<Content>Had no problems       Front of hotel  
<Date>Apr 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	5	3	4	

<Author>AisleSeatPlease
<Content>Dissapointing! This place looks great online, but very different in reality. We arrived 10 minutes before check in time and our room was not ready. No problem, we grabbed a late lunch at the restaurant. Service there was incredibly slow (even though we were the only people in the restaurant) and our waitress was awkward. The food was good when it finally arrived. After lunch, our room was still not ready. We went shopping and returned later to a room that was definetly not worth the wait. Dirty walls with scuff marks, very dirty bedspreads with multiple stains, running toilet, tile floors that reminded me of 1970s linoleum that seemed dirty, windows with blinds that do not open so there really aren't any windows and it was very cavelike with one flurescent overhead light. The rooms were very small and sparsely furnished...not even a clock or phone, no artwork on the walls, just a mirror. We checked out immediately, ate the cost of one night stay and rebooked elsewhere. It's unfortunate, because the beach and location is beautiful. With minimal investment in decor and attention to good housekeeping, this could be a great place, but in it's present state, we found this highly undesirable.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	5	1	1	1	1	

<Author>jefftego
<Content>Excellent Hotel For What We Were Looking For We had a great experience here and I think the negative reviews have more to do with the fact that this place may not be for everyone. But for the right people and for what we needed, it was perfect.We stayed here for 2 nights before our cruise out of San Juan and it was the perfect place to start our vacation, especially for the price and location. The hotel is right on the beach. It is also adjacent to lots of hotels/restaurants that share the beach and we had a few meals at the other hotels. However, the food, bar and service at The Beach House were excellent. The room was great as well. Not huge and more in line with European hotels -- smaller space, etc. But we weren't in our room other than to sleep. I can understand why this is not a great place for families with young kids, business travelers, or people looking for a more traditional hotel. But for young people, the young at heart and those looking for something out of the ordinary, this is a great place! The only negative is that on Friday and Saturday night they have parties with a DJ that go late into the night and you can hear it from the rooms. However, I am a heavy sleeper and my wife wears ear plugs. We had no issue with the noise at all. So for the right people, this is a great hotel and a great place to start a vacation!  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>1nOnly-T
<Content>Not your big chain with all the extras but lovely This small Euro-chic hotel is wonderful. They really put a lot into the details. The rooms are small but very well kept. Beautiful tile work in the bathroom and bed linens are coordinated but simplistic. The staff is very friendly and will do what they can to please. Victor and Sabrina were just a few that made us very comfortable and welcome. Very popular beach spot for the locals, with the beds and lounge areas it鈥檚 no wonder why. Great food and bar service the entire stay. They even had wireless internet connection available at no cost. Truly enjoyed my visit and look forward to returning!  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Ballon811
<Content>Disgusting Stayed for 1 night and glad that is all it was. The room looked cute until you saw it with the light on. The linens were filthy. I am guessing dirty mop water but I was pregnant and tired so at that point I did not care. I slept with my clothes on. On the evening we stayed a couple there only for dinner had a rat fall off the roof of the resurant and die right on therir table. I was sitting at the bar waiting forever for a pop when the waitress came over to ask the manager what to do and her response was what do they expect when they eay outside? We went to bed right away and were checked out by 7:00. Gross, gross, gross. DO NBOT BOOK at stay here unless you want to pay $200 for a room that should be $20 in a flop house.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	3	1	-1	

<Author>cyasukot
<Content>Horrible experience - Avoid. Booked a reservation for one night on the web. When we arrived, the woman at the front desk didn't have a room for us. I tried to show her my printout with my booking number, but she refused to look at it, saying that we don't do business over the internet. She refused to look our reservation up in their computer system. She kept showing me a list of arrivals written on a clipboard and shrugging her shoulders. I asked for the manager and she wandered away and came back 5 minutes later, looking surprised that I was still standing there. She refused to help me get a room at another hotel (how would I do that?) and when I asked her for suggestions, she shrugged her shoulders yet again. Really, really bad service. I would never, ever recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2008
<Rating>1	1	-1	-1	-1	1	1	-1	

<Author>ellebee08
<Content>Old, unkempt, and terribly overpriced.. think of it as a hostel I stayed here in March 2008. Tiny, cramped rooms with lumpy mattresses and filthly coverlets. Do NOT be fooled into thinking this is a boutique hotel! It hasn't been painted in many years and is showing it's age. We paid $185 and it was wayyyyy overpriced. In fact, I would have paid double to stay elsewhere. Very loud disco music and inept staff. Shower had two temperatures.... cold  scalding, and required a staff member literally in the shower to show how to use the old, loose plumbing fixtures with hot  cold mixed up. Do not waste your money--this is more of a hostel than a hotel. Yick!  
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	2	1	-1	

<Author>Echomaker
<Content>Loud and Overpriced This hotel is a true rip-off. I booked two rooms on Expedia for $160.00 a night, but ended up being charged $190.00 due to extra hotel surcharges. But even for $160 a night, this place is really overpriced. Although they have done decent job renovating, the rooms were quite small and the mattresses were shot. Worst of all, the hotel holds a discotheque every Friday and Saturday until the wee hours of the morning so that you should be prepared to go to bed to the beat of bad techno music. On the upside, the beach is pretty nice and right there.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2008
<Rating>2	1	1	4	3	3	3	1	

<Author>jpmalet
<Content>Beautiful Petit Hotel I am from Europe and stayed at this hotel for one week. The rooms were perfect size - maybe too small for Americans but not for europeans. It was the only small hotel with charm in san juan at a reasonable price. The food was very, very good and the chef made different things we asked upon request. that was very special! the front desk girl helped us understand the bus system and we visited old san juan area several times in this way. It is worth to visit ld san juan too. Our favorit thing, and most important for us is the beach. It was the best! Not too many tourist at this side of the beach so it was very nice. The service in the hotel was outstanding! All the people were so nice -- also in general in Puerto Rico. We will come back hopefully soon!  
<Date>Mar 8, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TrueCommunicator
<Content>Beach House Hotel is Racist  This hotel will not watch out for your safety or your children. The General Manager and his next in line are not true professionals and will cheat you. This hotel purposely overbooks and selectively chooses which guests they will ask to leave based on color and preference. This hotel displays a desperate economic side of Puerto Rico. DON'T give your money up front to stay here. In fact there are so many better places. Spend the extra money and get the security and professionalism of the Marriott or another brand hotel. The customer service was poor and the hotel itself is only mediocre. Wouldn't want to see anyone else's visit to Puerto Rico ruined because of a stay at the Beach House Hotel. Life is to short, find a better hotel. ... truly dissapointed in the Puerto Rico trip, simply because of a corrupt venue with callous and poor management.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	4	3	1	1	2	

<Author>beez12
<Content>Do Not Stay Here!!!!! We rented 2 rooms through Orbitz at $231 and $271 per night, and it was absolutely the worst value for the money I have ever experienced. The rooms were the smallest I have ever seen with sealed windows, loud air conditioning, amenities (loosely used) from the 1950s and room keys that did not work. We fortunately stayed only 1 night and moved to a much nicer location for the rest or our week. I would not advise my worst enemy to stay here.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	3	1	1	1	

<Author>grusso
<Content>It could be delightful BUT... We stayed twice - a week apart - at this hotel and had almost exactly the same experience each time which motivated me to write this review. The convenient location just ten minute drive from the airport and right on a very nice stretch of beach has let this hotel get away with the huge flaws the management doesn't seem to want to do anything about. A former 50's motel with tiny rooms, it's been tidied up and freshened with simple cosmetics. The rooms, though tiny, were clean enough, but the windows were hermetically sealed, and the very loud air conditioning competed with the non stop blaring noise from the on site disco which made sleeping a challenge, even on a Sunday night. The biggest shortcoming at the Beach House Hotel is the poor quality of service by the staff who, though pleasant, were either clueless, disorganized, or incompetent, and needed training, guidance or replacement. The following are just a few examples: We sat for nearly an hour at the outdoor restaurant trying to get someone to take our order, and when we tried to use the one-free-drink-coupons we received at check-in, were told it applied to only one wine selection and one beer selection...no special drinks like pina colada or daquiri. Our salads arrived without dressing and we still had no forks, knives or napkins. It took so long to get utensils we started to eat the salad with our fingers. There weren't very many patrons in the restaurant, but the one table that was receiving a lot of attention was where the owner and his family were eating. The owner got up to do things a number of times but never noticed we were not being attended to. Finally our utensils arrived and we ordered the saffron colored seafood paella which we saw at the owner's table and made a point of telling our waiter we wanted exactly that paella (because the week before we had ordered the seafood paella and after a very long wait had been served a mixed paella with bits of sausage and meat instead...we were so hungry we ate it anyway). We had been seated for almost two hours when we were served our seafood paella which was not like the owner's at all. No golden saffron colored rice like what he was eating... instead meager pieces of fish and seafood in a bed of overly salted, greasy rice, a disappointment which we expressed to the waiter who shrugged his shoulders and said it wasn't his fault. Again, we were hungry and ate it anyway. Only one of the desserts on the menu was available and no coffee because the coffee machine was broken. We actually wondered if we were on a candid camera show because we were being so poorly served and treated, we thought it couldn't be for real...but it was! At breakfast (which was included in the price of the room), there was coffee (different coffee maker?) but no milk for the cold cereal or coffee, and the fruit was so far past its prime it was moments away from rotten. The waiter was pleasant but said sorry we're out of milk. There's a 7eleven across the street, why would they be out of milk? At breakfast during our previous stay the week before, the strawberries, pineapple, and cantaloupe were rotting ripe, but the grapes were good, but this week there were no grapes...and no milk. This hotel/restaurant experience was unnecessarily bad and not worth the price we paid. The beach setting is very nice, but it's only worth staying at the Beach House Hotel if you don't care about eating or sleeping there.  
<Date>Feb 11, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	3	2	1	3	

<Author>johnnysmommy
<Content>Good choice My husband, our 13 month-old son and myself stayed at The Beach House Hotel during the Martin Luther King holiday weekend in January. We were supposed to stay with relatives but plans changed and decided to find a hotel for our last days in PR. Everything available at that point was over $350 at the Marriot, the Condado Plaza, the El San Juan and even at the smaller hotels the prices were outrageous. After reading a few reviews of this hotel we decided to give it a try. 1. Location - Right on the beach. Perfect! 2. Rates - I called the hotel directly and was offered a room for $185 per night including taxes, fees and daily breakfast. I saw previous posts complaining about the taxes and fees. These are imposed by the government of Puerto Rico and not by this hotel in particular. Actually, every hotel in Puerto Rico charges the same percentage of taxes and resort fees, etc. We have paid similar or higher taxes and fees in other Caribbean islands like Dominican Republic and Turks  Caicos. 3. Check in - Quick and simple. The front desk girl was very friendly and attentive. 4. Noise complaints - The front desk girl and a maid voiced their concerns of having our child being bothered by the noise (there was a private party a few steps from our room on the terrace). She assured us that the party will be over early in the evening. The party was over at about 7:00 pm. Afterwards, we did hear music from the bar but not late at night. I am a very light sleeper and didn't wake up at all from any noise. We had the air conditioner running and maybe this helped the noise factor. Perhaps there is more noise on the other side near the Lounge. I think the management should address this issue because I don't think anyone want to stay in a hotel with music blasting all night. 5. Room - Clean and decent sized. We were on #12 which is on the second floor in the corner above the bar area. We had enough space for our suitcases, a playpen and a stroller. We had two double beds which were very comfortable. There was a TV with cable with lots of channels and a Ihome Clock Radio system for Ipod. We didn't have any problems with the bathroom or water pressure or water temperature. 6. Bar, Lounge and Restaurant - Right away, we had our complimentary cocktails (mojitos) which were the best we had in a long time. On our last night I stopped by the lounge and as suggested by the bartender (I think his name was Carlos) got a pitcher of mojitos to take to our room. The lounge was beautiful and would've have definitely enjoyed it in our single days. We had also the free breakfast. Basic but sufficient to hold us until our next meal. 7. The staff at the bar, the beach attendants, front desk attendants and maids offered excellent service at all times.This is a small hotel and it doesn't offer a lot of amenities like the big hotels but it was perfect for us. Room service, casinos, big restaurants, are not on our list of necessities so we were pretty happy with The Beach House Hotel. I also found the environment of the hotel to be family friendly. We will definitely return to this hotel for our next trip to Puerto Rico this year.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>sanrico
<Content>An incredible waste of $250       Difficult to take a picture of a room this small. I'm standing in the corner.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>amazerBoston
<Content>Sexy boutique hotel The beach house is the perfect solution for thoses looking for a small, friendly, well run hotel. The food at Cafe la plage was so magnificent that we decided to enjoy there dinner on back to back evenings. Even if your not staying at the hotel make a reservation for dinner, you will be delighted! The owners of the hotel are a joy to chat with and have in the backdrop of the hotel operations.Excellent place!!!!  
<Date>Jan 22, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>MIA-PRODUCER
<Content>Awful Experience At the time of our check in, it seems that someone may have overbooked our stay. The owner persuaded us to stay at another hotel he owns. That hotel did not meet our standards either! The owner made lots of promises which were never kept. When we arrived at the other hotel it seems that the staff was not very experience since they too made a huge mistake. The room I was given was occupied by someone because I walked in on a lady with a towel wrapped around her. After the hotel got everything straight it was close to 10:00 PM. The following morning the owner of beach house promised to pick us up only to find that no one had first hand knowledge of this request. We called the hotel more than 3 times in which someone promised to call us back. (They never did) We left messages for the owner to call us back and of course he didn't. The service will dramatically improve once the owner starts caring about his customers.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>MichelleMiami
<Content>Great Place, Great Service  We had a great time! Beautiful setting and great service from management to beach waiter. Music by Tom at the lounge was perfect!  
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>billoga
<Content>Would never go back... I stayed at the Beach House for a long weekend and although the place is very chic, modern and romantic the service was just awful. It's a shame that such a nice place has such unattentive, unhelpful, rude and unhospitable staff. This is the Caribbean people!! Could you try smiling? We checked in and not one word was said to us about the place. The rooms were very small and looked nothing like the pictures on the internet. I hate to complain but truth is, the floors were dirty, the bathroom was dirty, looked like someone walked on the bed to fix light bulb and didn't wipe their shoes. It's really annoying when people don't pay any attention to details or inform their patrons of what's going on. There was a private party every night so the locals take over the whole place (it's tiny, only about 15 rooms) and don't exactly make you feel welcomed. So we tried the local hangouts but don't bother asking about the nightlife in town because no one knows a thing! Staff was not informative at all...ok, there are always one or two that will help but management was horrible. It was like they were living in a box in their own perfect worlds and were actually annoyed that they had guests. Asked which bus to take to Old San Juan (gorgeous btw) and everyone looked around like they didn't know what to do. Unbelievable! I would never go back and would not recommend it. I gave it 2 stars because a couple of staff members (host, cleaning lady) were nice. Very pretentious and cold...and you can get that in Miami! Another sad thing about PR in general, there is no culture. Couldn't find a Salsa/Merengue club anywhere (don't ask hotel staff either because they don't know). Also, this place is pricey...NYC prices for drinks. Skip it and go across the street to Pino's and you'll get cheap drinks with generous amounts of booze and down home PR cooking! I'll toast to that!!  
<Date>Dec 10, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	3	2	2	2	1	

<Author>brazell
<Content>The Perfect Spot Unique and boutique are overused these days in the hotel realm, but at The Beach House, we got exactly what we were looking for. The tiny hotel right on Isla Verde combines a laid back attitude with fresh style to really mirror the spirit of San Juan. We arrived very late on a Thursday night. After a quick trip to our rooms, we dashed to La Plage, the hotel鈥檚 beachfront bar and restaurant and had the best mojitos on the planet. The DJ was spinning and a local crowd of fun beauties were enjoying a perfect evening. We knew we picked the right spot.With drinks in hand, the manager invited us to tour our temporary home. We were shown the large indoor lounge venue, La Folie, along with the breakfast area. Along the way, we were provided with a run down of the activities planned in the upcoming days. These included DJ parties, beach service and Sunday brunch. This made planning rather simple. Our room was clean and spare, exactly what it should be for a beach front hotel. There were lots of little touches, however, that made the room bright and hip, including colorful textiles, interesting pottery and gorgeous flowers. The spa amenities were nice, and we made use of the ipod docking station too. We ate at La Plage three times. These were the absolute best meals that we had during our stay in Puerto Rico. The Paella is better than 75% of the paella that I have had in Spain and other tapas style appetizers were original and delicious. Just like the rest of the hotel, the service was similar to what you would find as a guest in the home of your most gracious friend. We will absolutely be back. This is a place to go, if you wish to instantly plug into a very nice scene, complete with excellent hosts, a perfect spot on the beach, and a seemingly effortless ambience of cool.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SweetBoyIndy
<Content>Cheap and chic and comfortable I just loved the place and would like to return--it is a cheap and chic--just like me!!Our room was small, however it did have a beautiful terrazzo floor, very nice and new bed spreads and sheets, window treatments and shower curtains--exactly what I would choose. It had a 1950's Ft. Lauderdale feel with some South Beach and Euro Trash style added to spice things up. We crashed early due to an early morning flight, however I did notice they had a festive bar and restaurant.Also, if you like eye candy and helpful people, the young lady that checked us in as well as the night security guard with nice to look at and provided us with outstanding customer service!Please stay here, I loved it and want to go back!  
<Date>Oct 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>sanfranciscojetset
<Content>Relaxation with Style       the beach  
<Date>Oct 3, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>thomasbythewater
<Content>A new find! I travel to San Juan often for business and I have stayed at the Normandie for a couple of years now. I like the Normandie, but it seems to have lost its vibe and it seems to be falling apart. I know W hotel is going to be taking over but it still seems like its wavering at the moment. I heard about a new hotel in the Isla Verde area called The Beach House, I thought I would give it a shot. The Beach Houes Hotel is a boutique hotel located right on the beach, this was really nice for my morning run on the beach etc. The hotel has a nice vibe and it seems to be getting a lot of cool tourist from the New York City area. I was surprised to see a great mix of sexy locals and NYC people hanging out on the beach and having fun. The restaurant is very packed at night and they have large video projections of different concerts and shows above the dining room. Many people opted to have drinks on the beach beds, they have real lounge type beds in the sand on the beach and are surrounded by tiki torches at night, great place for a romantic date, I will bring my girlfriend next time. The rooms are very simple and clean...i like the ipod docking station. The rooms are very relaxing and if you are looking for more action, just step outside. I will be returning for work monthly in San Juan and I think I have found a new cool place for me to stay while in Puerto Rico.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>BillGamati
<Content>Scary, very expensive and lack of security It was scary, the rooms are so small 9x10 is that legal? they told me one price when i showed up it was the double, they added tax, hotel tariff and somo other bull...., they have a gay bar at the place, it used to be a nice gringo bar, now is a gay bar with very bad service, the beach is very, very, very dangerous there, I recomend Borinquen beach 728-8400, Howard Johnson 728-1300 or The Water Beach Hotel I dont have the number but boy is a great hotel. The beach house is a noooooooooooooooooooo, beware  
<Date>Sep 2, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	3	1	1	1	1	

<Author>PabloDR
<Content>Great stay!!       Beach House Hotel beach  
<Date>Aug 16, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>jeanmarc971
<Content>Experience horrible   showReview(17261755, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 26, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	4	1	-1	

<Author>Silca5
<Content>Una pesadilla de hotel   showReview(14282116, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 14, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	2	2	1	

<Author>redmusicvideo
<Content>No pierdan dinero en este hotel, es de lo peor   showReview(13733481, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 21, 2008
<Rating>2	3	1	3	3	1	1	-1	

