<Author>Seein'_the_world
<Content>Wonderful! Clean! Will return! Great property! Great room! Wonderful towels! We really appreciated the mini-fridge and microwave as we warmed up Thanksgiving leftovers. The cooked-to-order breakfast the next morning was delicious. The only downside the was the girls' soccer team who also stayed there and had entitlement issues and didn't like standing in line for breakfast -- not the management's fault. I would recommend this hotel to anyone and will stay here on return visits.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>u12mjw
<Content>Great Location Great Rooms This is not only a great hotel if you are travelling in and out of seatac but, as they are suites, its great if your also visiting seattle. Its 3 minutes from a massive shopping mall, 10 mins to downtown seattle and not far from the museum of flight which is brilliant. Rooms were clean and smart and we stayed in one of the renovated rooms which was loverly...room 405 i think.Staff varied from overly helpful to kinda grumpy but that didnt affect our stay!  
<Date>Nov 2, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	3	3	3	3	

<Author>75Bosox
<Content>Worked great for our family We got a great rate for this Embassy Suites by prepaying on the website. Cheaper than several comparable chain hotels in the area. The room fit us perfectly. We had 6 of us and the two 'boys' crashed on the hide-a-bed which wasn't too bad as hide-a-beds are concerned. The 4 girls all slept in the separate bedroom, the beds were full size at best but nobody complained. The pool was well kept, we went twice. One time it was way too crowded as was the hot tub. The second time (morning) it wasn't used nearly as much. We never did manage to get the sauna to work properly. Location was convenient for our needs. Took in a ballgame, and girls wanted to shop around the renovated Southcenter mall. It was a quick 10 minutes to the ballpark and we miraculously avoided traffic. The location isn't anything special other than convenient.My only gripe was the breakfast. Not the hotel's fault as we were there on a busy weekend but holy cow. A total and complete zoo. The staff worked hard to keep up but it was out of control. If my kids hadn't wanted to eat there so badly I'd have just went and had breakfast elsewhere.Other than the breakfast deal (which is a great bargain, and on regular days I'm sure is great), I'd recommend this property for anyone seeking a functional, convenient and nice/clean property.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	3	5	4	4	4	

<Author>jfbrown55
<Content>Embassy Suites - good as always We stayed here our first night in Seattle and it worked out very well. The room was a typical Embassy Suites room, which always works out well for our family of four. We love the Happy Hour in the evening, and the breakfasts are always good with lots of delicious options for everyone. Breakfast was busy, but not too crowded. This Embassy Suites has a free shuttle that will not only pick you up from the airport and return, but also take you to any place within five miles of the hotel - for no charge. Since we were not scheduled to pick up our rental car untl the next day, this was great. Our room was not ready when we arrived, so we left our bags with the front desk and had the shuttle take us to the Mall. There is a beautiful large mall very near the hotel. We went and saw a movie, then gave the Embassy Suites a call and they came and got us. No problem, no long wait, no charge. After Happy Hour we decided to go 13 Coins for dinner, which is a wonderful 24 hour restaurant near the airport. Again, no problem. The shuttle driver took us there and then we called when we were ready to go back. Of course, we were sure to tip our driver who by the way was very friendly. We almost felt as though we had our own personal driver!I have no complaints concerning our stay and would be more than happy to stay here again. It was both relaxing and comfortable.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mlrmom
<Content>Great breakfast We found this hotel through the Jet Blue website and were very glad we did. We arrived at SeaTac late in the evening and wanted to just get a good night's sleep before driving to Bellingham the next morning. We found the shuttle easiliy. The driver was very friendly and careful (the shuttle itself was sure squeaky though). Having already made a reservation, check in was easy in the elegant lobby. The room (two queen beds in a bed room and a pull out sofa in the living room) easiliy accomodated our family of five. There was one standard bath and a microwave, coffeemaker and refrigerator. The linens were clean. The best part was the made to order breakfast. It was wonderful and my kids wanted to go back there the rest of the trip! Omelettes were made to order along with bacon, sausage, hashbrowns. On the side were juices, yogurt, hot beverages, cereal, fruit and breads. We would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>jojobeanWashingtonDC
<Content>Hotel okay, Front Desk Staff TERRIBLE We stayed at the Embassy Suites hotel the night before a cruise. My wife had made dinner reservations in town for us at a very nice restaurant. Upon arrival (4 pm) the hotel check in staff (Jasmine) told us our room wasn't ready but that a similar room was ready. We took that room and requested she call a cab for us as we needed to run to the room, freshen up quickly in order to make our 5 pm reservation. After returning to the lobby in 15 mins. time, we asked whether she had called, she (JASMINE) assured us that she had. We waited out front for 20 additional min. and no cab. I went back in and asked her what cab line she called and she couldn't tell me. JASMINE NEVER CALLED THE CAB. Long story short, she said she would call again and we waited till 5 mins. past 5 and nothing. SHE DIDN'T CALL AGAIN. We ended up taking the shuttle to The Claim Jumper and had dinner there. Needless to say, we were very angry but the front staff could care less! WE WONT STAY THERE AGAIN.The room was dated, but okay. The breakfast was good.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	2	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>sigs99
<Content>Great hotel The one night stay at this hotel went on w/o any problems. We checked in early with a very friendly staff. Our room was clean and had plenty of room. The managers special at night was great which we spent the entire 2 hours at. The breakfast the next morning was awesome. We used their free shuttle to and from the airport. The price could have been a little cheaper.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Ringocat
<Content>Overall a Good Stay, not Perfect Great location, close to 7-11, Target, Southcenter mall, Starbucks and lots of restaurants. Our last time in Seattle I booked a hotel 2 hours from the airport, and after flying 5 hours from Atlanta this was a bad idea. This time we made it to the hotel in minutes, with th rest of the day to relax and recover.We used Hilton points to get a free room, so I can't complain too much, but if I had paid I would have been a little disappointed. The check-in was great, very friendly and helpful staff. The room on the 8th floor had a stale/foul odor, and if we were staying more than one night I would have asked to change. We brought air freshener so it was OK. This is another hotel with no exhaust fans in the bathrooms, so air freshener can help.I like the two room suites, plenty big, plenty of counterspace, and the room was clean. The walls are paper thin, but there's nothing they can do about that. When our neighbor's cell phone rang (it was on vibrate) I thought it was ours. Wow! Fortunately we had quiet neighbors and got a good night's sleep.I read the great reviews on breakfast, but we didn't go. At 8:30 there were 50 people in line, same at 9:00. By 9:30 the line was down to 40, but I already picked up our brakfast at Burger King down the street. Maybe it's just because it was Saturday, and the hotel was sold out, with lots of familes (softball tournament), but I didn't have the patience for that line. The Manager's reception from 5:30 to 7:30 pm was great, almost no waiting for drinks. We went to the bar after, and the entertainment was great. A girl singing and playing keyboards with mostly recorded music, but she was great. Charging $9.95 a day for internet access is so.... 20th century! There's a clear signal from the Best Western across the street, for free of course, so don't pay.Overall, some good, some bad.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	2	5	5	5	

<Author>Misdamina
<Content>Great staff, great experience My husband and I stayed at the Embassy Suites on our wedding night, as we flew out for our honeymoon at 5am. Our experience was wonderful! When we arrived at the hotel, the staff had upgraded us to a nicer room. When we got to our room we found a bottle of champagne, popcorn, a free movie certificate and a card (signed by the front desk staff) in our room. We were thrilled that they thought of us and made out wedding night that much more special. We went down to the lobby for happy hour, where we enjoyed a complementary glass of wine and beer and then had dinner at the hotel restaurant, Rings. The steak and lobster were great and the waitress was very friendly.Even our free shuttle to the airport was great, because of the friendly driver who made us feel comfortable even at the early hour.I can't say enough good things about our stay at the Embassy Suites!  
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>coolhand18
<Content>Perfect family hotel There are quite a few good things about this hotel. It is so nice to have a suite with a separate sitting area. When the kids go to sleep you still have the option to stay up awhile. The nightly manager's reception is a wonderful way to start the evening. And the made to order breakfast is second to none. I was blown away by the offerings at breakfast, ie omlettes, bacon, sausage, eggs, pancakes, and much more. Only one criticism would be that they could upgrade the facilities. They also have a problem with beatles. I understand that they fly in through the windows. Still, kinda yucky. I would still absolutely recommend this to any families for a nice getaway.  
<Date>May 22, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	3	2	5	5	-1	

<Author>IdahoCoug
<Content>Typical Embassy Suites Pretty typical Embassy Suites, we actually stayed in their two bedroom which was nice. Had a larger more comfortable living area with larger TV. I also like the breakfast at this location more than other Embassy Suites I've stayed at.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	3	2	3	-1	

<Author>LacrosseMom9
<Content>Embassy suites exceeded all expectations We stayed at the Embassy suites with our field lacrosse team for a tournament at the Starfire sports complex. The location was excellent, a few blocks to the fields, shopping, restaurants and a Costco. The accomidations were great, perfect for families. Clean, spacious and well equiped.Despite the open atrium design the bedrooms were quiet. The hotel was fully booked with lacrosse teams and management was on top of keeping all the kids in line and ensuring a comfortable stay for all their guests. What impressed us all was what was included in our room rate. ( Team members recieved a tournament rate of $109 per night). This included a full cooked to order breakfast - omlettes, scrambled eggs,pancakes, french toast, bacon, sausage, muffins, cereal, oatmeal etc. and a nightly managers reception with complementary beverages - alcoholic and non, for TWO HOURS ! Afterwards we were welcome to remain in the atrium and mingle with the other guests and teams which was great, sure beat cramming into each others rooms to visit, as often happens at tournaments. The open concept allowed parents to monitor their children, while still able to socialize themselves. It was great ! We are hoping to return next year and will definately look for more Embassy suites when traveling anywhere else in the future.  
<Date>Dec 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>NICOLEandJACOB
<Content>exceeded expectations i stayed at the embassy suites for a week while i attended a conference there for work. it totally exceeded any expectations i had.the bed was perfect. i meant to look at the brand before i left so that i could get one at home, but i forgot. the room was clean, the shower was comfortable.free happy hour every night includes beer, wine, and a full bar, plus snacks. i would stay here again for business, but it's too far from the center of town to stay on a tourist trip.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Travel_Pro55
<Content>Decent place, close to airport I stayed one night while in town for a couple of quick business meetings. As my schedule was pretty full, I didn't get back to the hotel in time for the manager's reception, but I did pop into the bar for a bite. I recall it as being busy and loud (typical of a hotel bar). The food was OK, but the house wines left a bit to be desired. My flight out left early, so I didn't get to experience breakfast the next morning.The room itself was nice: large, clean and well-kept. The staff seemed pleasant and helpful enough.One oddity: the shared computer -- the closest thing to a business center -- is right in the lobby. That's not bad unless you have e-mail you really don't want people seeing over your shoulder. The other facet of that arrangement is that the computer is accessible to kids who tie it up for long periods either gaming or IM-ing their friends. And the hotel staff doesn't seem inclined to enforce the age restrictions too tightly.Generally, a decent business hotel for value-oriented travelers.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	3	4	4	4	2	

<Author>annmarieda
<Content>What a wonderful place! My family and I live somewhat locally. We were scheduled to fly out early in the morning and decided that staying in a near by hotel would be easier than driving the extra hour to the airport in the morning. We have always had good stays at embassy suites, no matter what the location. We decided to stay at this embassy despite the fact it is not right at the airport. I was pleased to find that they beds and bedding were upgraded from the last time we stayed here, making them extra comfy. The room (as usual) was very clean and large. The staff was extra helpful. Knowing that we would need to have a 4am wake up, we knew that we needed to try and get a good night sleep. We saw right after check in that there were many groups. (often this hotel is booked for birthday parties) I went to the front desk and explained that we would need to not be next to a group and asked how close were were. The front desk person noted that although there is no one right near us, she would rather just move us all the way to the top floor where there would be no one above us and only a single person to one side of us. Then she suggested to us that we take advantage of their shuttle to the airport. We had not even considered this. Our plan was to drive early to a lot we normally park in when we fly and then take their shuttle. This would have taken more time plus we would have had the cost of parking for the week. The shuttle in the morning from embassy was excellent as was the return from the airport. I must admit I was a bit hesitant, given that their parking lot is not secure and the location may not be the most friendly at night. I was pleased to find that our car was fine when we returned. With our large family, embassy suites is always our first choice for hotels!!!  
<Date>Mar 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Pharmatraveler
<Content>Big rooms, good stay Hotel is nice and has big rooms. I was there on business and found the staff to be nice, the rooms clean and big, and free breakfast good. Hotel has very small gift shop. It is a little tricky to get to from the airport.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2006
<Rating>3	4	4	3	5	4	4	4	

<Author>kmarsh99
<Content>Great Stay I stayed at the Embassy Suites for 1 night on business. It was a very nice hotel, big rooms and comfy beds. The managers cocktail hour and breakfast buffet were both great. I would recommend this hotel - very clean and a good location.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>willbegone
<Content>Rennovation in progress, parking is so-so, security questions       view toward living room front door  
<Date>Dec 11, 2005
<Rating>2	3	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>caymanbabes
<Content>Good but a few problems Checking in was the worst experience of our stay here - the lady we dealt with was truly hideous - though we discovered she was NOT typical of the front desk staff. Everyone else was lovely and in fact apologised for her. But she did put us off at first. The room was great - nice and big, and most importantly for us with 3 children, a separate bedroom with a door! This is why we love Embassy Suites! We are Hilton Hhonors members and were pleased to see a little card in our room welcoming us with our name on, and also noticed that a crib was already in the bedroom which was a nice touch. The room was really quiet despite the fact that this hotel was so noisy! As soon as you opened the door to the room the noise hit you - wow those rooms are well sound-proofed - also the bedrooms are at the back so no worries about getting to sleep anyway. The hotel is basically a large atrium in the center, with a party going on late into the night and teens running around the corridors. I was using the guest laundry until quite late and I couldn't believe how much was going on - but how quiet the room remained during it all! So inside the room was great - but not outside.The breakfast was also great - downstairs in a lovely setting in the atrium, a proper breakfast, no continental rubbish here! Another plus for Embassy Suites.The other thing that really bothered me about the hotel was the lack of a courtesy shuttle bus that was advertised. When we arrived we saw three buses in the car park and one in the driveway, but when we asked to take the bus they said that it was in the garage. I asked about the other buses, they then said there was no driver. The horrid front desk lady was very rude and told me if I wanted to put my kids on a dangerous bus and risk their lives then I was welcome to go ahead. (Goodness knows who would have driven!) The lovely female manager thankfully made up for this, apologised and called the shuttle bus for the Marriot next door to take us to the nearby mall. Every time I asked for the bus there was a problem - so we got taxis because I couldn't handle the arguments - but it was expensive and annoying considering this was one of the reasons we stayed here, and especially considering the number of Embassy Suites buses in the car park not being used.The most important part of our stay - the room - was great - just a shame about the other problems.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>juliebug52
<Content>Remodeling..Pardon My Dust Remodeling and the pool is not available but they will shuttle you to a nearby Doubletree...but how fun is that? We went with our grandkids and they were disappointed. Great evening reception and breakfast. Our room was an executive king and was newly remodeled. Very nice and we did receive our Hilton Honors gifts! We travel alot and usually have great luck with the Hilton chain. Checkin was friendly. They do provide a shuttle for the nearby area.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Coconuts
<Content>Past it's prime Have stayed at this hotel twice this year for business trips and would not have stayed there a second time if I had been able to switch hotels.The rooms are in need of renovation, have a dank smell, and the furniture is dingy. The lobby and atrium area are much nicer than the rooms. This hotel used to be a beautiful place to stay but has fallen behind in spending on renovations.I am a Gold Hilton member and they did not provide any of the VIP courtesies that typically are provided by other hilton family hotels; even though when I asked about it they promised on both occassions to provide them. The front desk is good at making promises but very bad at keeping them. The evening happy hour is good and the breakfast buffet is the bright spot with an ample selection and cook to order omelets.I travel to this area frequently and would strongly recommend other hotels within close proximity such as the Residence Inn across the street or the Marriott Courtyard next door. Another good hilton alternative is the Doubletree which is less than 1/2 a mile away.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dave1013
<Content>A Good Place to Stay I was a guest at the Sea-Tac Embassy Suites for a work-related meeting in October 2004. This is an older property and for the most part, the place has been well-maintained. The carpet was stained in places and there were some off-odors prevalent in parts of the hotel, however, the staff was friendly and the customary amenities were of their usual high Embassy Suites quality. The breakfast and bar area was being remodeled during the time of my visit but the hotel had planned the project through and kept up with demand. The hotel shuttle took me and a co-worker to an off-site meeting location during one day of my stay. They will take you to, and/or pick you up from, any location within a 5-mile radius of the property. There are plenty of higher-end eating venues within a few miles of the hotel, but not much within walking distance. The Interurban Trail is accessible right out the back door, a plus for runners and bikers (paved bituminous asphalt surface). Wireless high speed internet access was available in the room for $10 a day. This was a clean, quiet place and I would stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Embassy Suites-great family stay This Embassy Suites was a very good place to stay, especially with a family. WE had a large room that had a separate bedroom and a pullout bed for the kids. The room was large enough that roll away could be brought in if needed. The FREE breakfast buffet was very good. With cooked to order eggs/omelets and other hot food along with nice selection of fruit and cold stuff. The location was very easy-close to freeway I-5 and close to mall. We used for Mariners game stay as the hotels in downtown SEattle are way over-priced and not accomodating to families.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

