<Author>WLand
<Content>Recommended Well-located.Friendly and helpful staff.Reasonable rates.Very nice pool area.I liked this hotel a lot.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2009
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Glitterpuss
<Content>Overhyped I had a two night stay booked here as part of a competition win. On arrival we were upgraded to a spectacular suite. The suite comprised of an adequately sized bathroom with 6 travel sized Bliss products (which were great!) There was a stylish bedroom with flat screen TV, and queen sized bed, which looked out onto a flat roof of the hotel annex. The third part of the suite was a lounge/bar area with another large flat screen TV, and also DVD player and iPod dock.As with most hotels there was a mini bar, and snacks to buy. These were extortionately priced, and if you did purchase a bottle of water at $8 you then had to pay a 20% restocking fee also. There was supposed to be free Wi-Fi in the lounge area, however it was a little intermittant and some days would not allow outgoing emails to be sent. If you wanted Wi-Fi in your room you also had to pay.Breakfast was not included, but I believe there was complementary coffee in the lounge each morning which we didn鈥檛 try. We preferred to Breakfast at Peet鈥檚 coffee shop just round the corner, which had a more reliable and free Wi-Fi.The location of the hotel is OK, It's close to some restaurants and cinemas in the village, but we didn't find it convenient for exploring LA itself unless you had a car.If you're looking for somewhere trendy, and you're one of the beautiful people (or would like to be) this is the place for you.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	3	4	3	3	2	

<Author>dwhir
<Content>Tragically hip. Trying hard but leaves room to be desired The hotel is located a quick walk's away from the bustling downtown area in Westwood, so the location is good. The staff is very friendly and work hard to make your experience pleasurable. However, the hotel is trying so hard to be hip that it doesn't always seem to cater to the needs of average people. For example, my bathroom was tiny. The rest of the room was fine, except the bathroom was so small that there was no place to place my dopp kit. Also, the gym is very underwhelming for a hotel in this price range. The food options are limited, but that's expected for a W property.All in all, it's a fine place to stay, especially given the limited choices in Westwood. Just don't expect too much.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	4	5	4	5	3	

<Author>MatMo
<Content>Hip of the Hip of the Hip In short, if you want to feel everything that young Hollywood should be, this is a great place for you. Rooms are all very large with sitting area for entertaining, desk, fridge, nice bathroom, and great bed as always at the W.Staff is very kind and attentive, they definitely have a little Hollywood edge to them, but are very helpful  kind.However, be prepared to spend money...lot's of money if hanging out at the hotel and pool. It's hard not to spend $20 just walking around the place. Spend a couple hours at the pool and you'll be down a hundred or so bucks in a heartbeat. I went there expecting everything to be expensive, but I blew through money so quick it was scary. In addition, this may sound odd, but as nice as the room and atmosphere was...it really got on my nerves after a full day of hanging out.The best way I could describe it is that it's a place for every Hollywood Wannabe and the occasional actual movie or TV star to visit. You go out to the pool, and every local wannabe movie star, singer, or otherwise comes there to be seen, and I mean be seen. The sights are incredible and WELL worth the time at the pool (do not bring someone under the age of 17 to the pool). However, the fakeness is so thick it'll gag you...it's like being at a live Broadway show, but you're in real life. The girls and guys are top notch, but they also feel like they ALL have to act the part - all the time, which get's annoying. They even set-up a fake security force (it's real security, but not at ALL needed) with velvet ropes outside of the hotel at night with guys having the ear-piece radios and everything to keep the lesser cool crowd out of the hotel lounges/clubs. It's kind of funny to watch because it makes you feel like you're going to the most exclusive hang-out in the world, but it's really not - it's just a show so they feel like they're one of those super exclusive Hollywood clubs...again, all the Wannabe's come rolling back in for the night shift.I know this review sounds crazy, but it's one of those things you have to see to believe. It's a great place to stay and experience a great atmosphere - but if you go there to hang out all day/night, it will drive you crazy and cost tons of money unless you have 6-pack abs, and a face of gold, a million dollar wardrobe, and another million sitting in the bank. Otherwise, just visit this place for a day or two max and you'll have a great time.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	2	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Eyeluvpets
<Content>GREAT hotel- location, amenities, staff- everything!       other angle of livingroom  
<Date>Sep 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	4	3	

<Author>Crumz32
<Content>Good Location and Cool Scene       One of the views  
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	3	3	

<Author>jlnancy
<Content>A disappointing W They tried to make some W hotels with an old building. Actually, you get old noisy AC, despite the fact you get suites, bedrooms are small. The swimming pool is tiny and there is no shower around!!!It takes a while to get your order at the restaurant for your breakfast and to summarize; you feel that the management is poor in this location.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	3	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>dj_bradleyb
<Content>worst W i've ever stayed in My wife and i are big fans of W hotels. we've stayed in about 6 different ones. My wife was 9 months pregnant so i decided to treat her to a last weekend in a suite at the W in los angeles (needed to stay in la in case she went into labor). We got the spectaular suite and were so disappointed. the suite is divided into two rooms, making them both pretty small instead of one big suite. It was also very dark. Lastly, the artwork and accesories around the room seemed cheap (many cb2 vases and such). Definitley not up to W quality. It turns out that this W is actually a conversion of an old hotel which is probably a big reason for this W's problems. The service was very good, but the restaurants were very average and VERY expensive. we ate there the first night and spent $140 despite only having one drink. we were pissed as there are lots of restaurants in la we would have love to go to for less than that. It seemed like everything there was more expensive than other W's but maybe i'm wrong. The spa is great and was the highlight for us. expensive, but a great experience. The pool wasn't that great which was a big bummer for my wife. the lounges weren't comfortable and the cabanas were a joke. Lastly, for those of you who don't know westwood, it is pretty lame. not too many good restaurants. This location would not be good if you want to walk to good restaurants, bars, shopping. the bars in the hotel are ok, but the crowd is not. Not hip, just cheesy.If you are visiting LA, do not stay here. lots of other better, cheaper, better located hotels.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	1	5	5	5	3	

<Author>NapaDebbala
<Content>Won't be back Just wanted to let you know about our stay. We usually stay at the Renaissance in West Hollywood. Comparing The W to the Renaissance, I would give the W a C- and the Renaissance an A+. This was our very first time using Starwood points鈥e have been loyal Marriott Rewards people for many years. 鈥?When we arrived at the W the bellman encouraged me to go check in and leave my bags there for him. I was concerned that the luggage and the loose bag and sweatshirts would get separated with several guys doing the work. Sure enough, as I was checking in I saw the cart come in and the loose items weren鈥檛 with my luggage. He said 鈥淥h, I was wondering who they belonged to?鈥?br/>鈥?We checked in on points. The reservationist gave us a room directly across from the elevators which we heard loud and clear from our room. To Compare鈥n our points at the Renaissance or any Marriott, they usually upgrade us and always make sure that we have a fabulous location and room. 鈥?The Bellman was not busy, but I was told to go ahead to the room and wait for my bags. Wait is just what I did. Feeling that there was absolutely no reason to wait since it wasn鈥檛 busy at all downstairs, I called the front desk to request that the bags be brought up soon. At the Renaissance, the bellman waits while you check in and then follows you in the same elevator to your room with your bags. No waiting necessary!鈥?The rooms were very inadequate for traveler鈥檚 needs. It鈥檚 as if the hotel never did an analysis of basics that traveler鈥檚 need. There was no place around the sink to put anything except a toothbrush and the toothpaste. There was no makeup table and mirror. The closets were tiny and there were no dresser drawers big enough to lay more clothes in them, except for the small ones in the closet. At the Renaissance, in fact, at every Marriott, there is always a makeup area with a mirror. There are always large dresser drawers. The sink area has plenty of room to lay out your toiletries.鈥?I called for the concierge and the operator put me on hold (with my permission), but then she came back on the line sounding very flustered and asked if she could take a message for the concierge. Surprise, the Concierge never called me back. At the Renaissance the operators never get flustered, in fact, they always say 鈥淒elighted鈥? 鈥?When we went down to the pool late Sat. afternoon it was crowded and there wasn鈥檛 a seat to be had. We let the guy there know of our predicament. I think he had several options鈥irst, he could have let us use one of the cabanas that were free since it was so late in the afternoon and there were no signs of it being occupied. Second, he could have watched us go to the bar and come and got us when some chairs became free. There was no follow up. 鈥?Needless to say, we won鈥檛 be back.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	4	5	2	1	-1	

<Author>joshua333
<Content>YES I loved this hotel. It was very hip and cool and made me really feel like I was in LA, in a good way.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	4	3	4	

<Author>MoreFFmiles
<Content>No complaints Great location if you're visiting UCLA, you can walk to everything in Westwood.The Backyard is very nice for unwinding outside with a cocktail after a busy day.The guest rooms are comfortable.The hotel staff can be aloof at times but that is W. The whole W concept can be a bit over the top at times, and keep in mind, it is L.A. which to some people from NYC (myself included) is already a little over the top to begin with.Overall the hotel is comfortable and conveniently located, a bit expensive for what you get but it serves its purpose.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	3	3	4	

<Author>marcel dam
<Content>fun the W westwood is a great place, wonderfull rooms with nice view. good service and with a special swing. we enjoyed it. The location is great!.The bar staff are a bit less on a friday or saturday evening when the seem to be catering a a specila (plastic and shallow) Lala-land crowd and forget about the hotel guests. Only after ordering 3 drinks they seem to except you and become friendly and start to give the service one may expect. Still a place to return to, nicely modern with a fresh style. the area alos offers nice bars, restaurants and shops.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>nicole55
<Content>disgusting food We went to the restaurant, nine thirty which was empty, (should've seen the signs) on a Tuesday night. The mixed green salad was made with old lettuce leaves, and tiny, so we sent it back. The snapper wasn't even cooked through (it was not meant to be seared) and was very tough so we had to send it back for them to actually cook it. It came back 20 minutes later, spongey and tasteless. So our dinner ended up being greasy brussell sprouts and broccoli. Our waiter left half way through dinner, then a new one came to introduce himself, then the old one came back! they didn't offer to comp our over-priced meal ($34.00 for the snapper that we did not eat!!) and we tried to complain on the way out, but the hostess was nowhere to be found. To top things off, I waited forever for my car at valet. It was the most horrible dining experience I have had in Los Angeles.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cenkLosAngeles
<Content>horrible restaurant service and management I celebrated my birthday in the hotel's restaurant. i called them to confirm if there is any charge for serving the cake i bring in. They said I shouldn't worry, the cutting is complimentary. At the end of the nigth they charged me $5/person for the cake. When I mentioned this to the manager he had an attitude and i ended up paying $50 extra. Also, there are 2 restaurants in the hotel, which I didn't know in the beginning. 1st i made a reservation for 6 people, and when i called them to increase the reservation to 10 people and the girl on the phone took my credit card # because it is necessary for reservation over 8 people. I know that it is normal. But when I went to the restaurant, there was a reservation for 6 people, and they didn't know who took my card #. Also they checked the other restaurant too, but there was no reservation over there, too. What a serious management. We spent $700 in the restaurant and it was a horrible and slow service. I guess too many people are trying to get in the restaurant, that's why they don't care to please you. They just want to take your money. I am not going back there again.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2008
<Rating>1	1	-1	2	4	1	1	1	

<Author>Rudsker
<Content>Average Used to stay here since it was the only hotel in Westwood. They let you know they were the only choice. Not so great service. Employees have an attitude.  
<Date>May 29, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	4	4	2	1	3	

<Author>slocathy
<Content>Wonderful Stay My husband, mother and I stayed at this property for my daughter's UCLA law school graduation. We had requested an early check in and were given our rooms at an even earlier time than requested. The staff was friendly, attentive and helpful. As Starwood members we were given an upgrade on one of our rooms to a beautilful, large suite, which was perfect for our needs as we were able to have a little pre-graduation celebration.The hotel is situated extremely close to the UCLA campus, and it made it easy to get to the ceremony. My only complaint would be that their complimentary car service, which delivered us to the campus, stopped running at 5:00 and we had to call a cab to get back to the hotel, but that was a minor inconvenience. All in all the hotel was perfect for our needs and made a memorable and exciting day even better.  
<Date>May 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Peewee68
<Content>Professional, not snotty I had been here already a few times a few years ago before the renovation of the rooms and things are going better. Room was big, hip and comfortable. Staff is professional, although things went a bit wrong at check in and check out, and although trying to act cool, not snotty whatsoever. The Thirtynine restaurant is nice, the pool area a bit small. Location is ideal if you want to be central in LA, although nothing is going on in this neighbourhood. Prices are reasonable if you look at the quality. In general: a good choice for travellers that feel young.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	2	5	4	

<Author>FattyMcFatterson
<Content>W is GREAT Let me start off by saying that things were malfunctioning in our room, i.e. cable, a/c, etc. but because of their very gracious and wonderful staff I will go back again!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! They couldn't fix the problems, but the did more than make up for all the issues. About the room: I stayed in a corner room suite. It was really roomie and nice. The temperature of the room was preset. There was mood music playing as well. The bed was super comfie! The bathroom left little to be desired but everything else was awesome! I didn't get to partake at Bliss Spa, but I did stop in and buy some product! The location of hotel is in the heart of westwood. The area was in a nice residential area, and you didn't get any of that UCLA party stuff. Overall, its your typical W starwood hotel experience. Hip, awesome, blah blah blah..PS. Did I mention that the staff was awesome?????? Cause they were.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>susanj1310
<Content>Hip Hotel with lots of funk This hotel is definately hip and not for someone who wants quiet. The rooms have been updated so the decor is a funky 70's style to it (not exactly our taste) but you can't fault it. The hotel itself has a very laid back atmosphere. The staff were all very helpful, professional and anything you want they will try to accommodate it. The backyward bar is totally hip - it is right next to the pool area which has open sunbeds that are about the size of a queen bed! The location is close to Bevery Hills and Rodeo drive and has very easy access to the 405 so you can get anywhere you need to go. A tip - remember LA traffic is a nightmare to plan an extra 20 minutes to whereever you want to do to!All in all we can't fault this hotel at all!  
<Date>Mar 26, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LReego
<Content>Wonderful choice for LA We are discriminating travelers and so always worry when we try a new hotel. We were on our way to the desert with our children (ages 12 and 17) and wanted to stop in LA for a night. Anyway, we arrived at 7:00p and were promptly greeted by the parkers. Upon checking in, we asked to have both rooms nearby which was not available. So Angel, at the front desk, was so kind to upgrade us, as SPG clients, to a full 2-bedroom suite. That evening, we dined at the hotel's restaurant, 930, and had Jeffrey, a wonderful waiter. While the food and wine was pricey, all five of us enjoyed our meal and the incredible service. The room was contemporary but comfortable with nice flat screen tv's in every room (even the bathroom) and Bliss products. We only had a few complaints: the bottled water was $9 . . . how silly; the parking was $31 . . . why not include it; even though the bathroom is large, it is not well-designed as there is no area for make-up, hair brush, etc. and the make-up mirror is right next to the shower door. Finally, the air conditioner knocked in the morning which needs to be addressed. The bellman are extremely kind and they got the bill exactly right. We'd stay there again.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>DCtraveler036
<Content>W=Wonderful I agree with the gist of most of the other reviews I have seen here: This is a very nice hotel in a convenient, cool part of LA.However, I can understand why the W might not be for everyone. It is maybe just a bit pretentious and silly (e.g., the special W vocabulary where Wheels equals Valet parking etc.). If you don't want to fight through a bit of a line Saturday evening to get back into the lobby and up to your room, you might want to consider a less trendy location. Also, the parking is a bit pricey. I also don't see why they couldn't throw in free Internet at this price.Those are small gripes, however. The staff are as nice and helpful as anyplace I've stayed. The room was spacious and comfortable. The location is convenient: It's great for the Getty, Santa Monica/Venice, and is pretty convenient for Hollywood, too. Don't underestimate LA traffic, however! It's unbelievable!  
<Date>Mar 10, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KLR_ParkCity
<Content>Yuck I'll start by saying I was here for business, not pleasure. My business associate had booked us to stay here. Very pretentious and the entire wing we were staying in smelled of marijuana. It fired up in the evenings. I told the front desk, but they did nothing to hunt down the culprits. This place definitely caters to the tragically hip. Not my cup of tea.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2008
<Rating>2	1	4	3	3	3	2	3	

<Author>anguillagirl
<Content>Wonderful W I loved my five night stay at the W. I was on a mixture of business and just fun, and it couldn't have been a better fit. L.A. can be hard to get around, but the W is in a great location in Westwood Village, and a pleasant walk to great restaurants, movies, theater, and other services.The hopping bar/restaurant at night was fun and hip-but-not-[--], the spectacular pool/lounge/outdoor dining patio was a delight, (and in late February, the scent of blooming jasmine and cherry blossoms was the just what this winter-weary northerner needed). And to top it off- the BLISS spa on the second floor, well-- it was Bliss-ful. And the bath amenities in the rooms are theirs.There is a gym- but , not being so into the iron-pumping, I put on my sneakers, walked out the door and jogged through the amazing UCLA botanic gardens. Room service was prompt, the staff is beyond friendly, the concierge suggested and obtained great reservations. My spectacular suite was suitably spectacular, spacious, and full of high tech goodies- there was even an ipod dock, which solved my problem of having forgotten my charger. Would I stay here again? In a L.A. Minute!My only complaint? $31/day for parking and $15/day for internet.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2008
<Rating>5	2	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Love2GoSee
<Content>Worth every cent! My husband and I had to be at UCLA for his cancer treatment and wanted to be very close to the campus. We looked at several places online but decided on the W. The hotel is very modern, which is not my taste - however everything is done extremely well. The service is excellent and when I checked in Tracy Morgan of 30 Rock was in line in front of me. The W is just a few blocks from the UCLA campus and within walking distance of the Westwood Theater and Shopping district. We are part of the Starwood network and because of this we were upgraded to a suite on the 6th floor. The short version: Not the cheapest hotel in the area but worth every cent if you want to be treated like a celebrity.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MiamiAce
<Content>Impressed - even considering the price I am primarily a business traveler. When my colleague wanted to stay at The W, I was afraid it might be too chic for my taste. I was wrong. Each room is a mini-suite, and very comfortable, and I had a wide screen plasma in the living room. The staff was what you normally expect from a 5-star hotel. The bed and linens were exquisite - I really didn't want to get up to catch my flight. The shower was full-force, and adjusted to temperature immediately. How do they do that? It made me forget all those mornings backing up the tub with the shower, waiting for the water to warm up. Quibbles: 1) my window faced a concrete wall. You would think a luxury hotel would have contemplated the arrangement of rooms architecturally;and, 2) I had to pay $14.95 for high speed internet access. You would think for $400/night, the hotel could throw in the internet hook-up. All in all, worth the extra money.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	-1	2	

<Author>IHeartTrips82
<Content>A Fun Stay I'm from the area, but wanted to have a sleepover to celebrate my birthday with my girlfriends. I chose the W...Pros - Overall, it was a good stay. We had three rooms - two spectacular suites and one fabulous suites. We found them all to be clean, comfortable, and tastefully appointed. I found the valet person, bell-hop person, security, and room service person to be very nice. We were thinking of going out to Hollywood or Santa Monica to party, but ended at the hotel bar which was perfect. It was surprising spacious, had good music, and a dance floor. Also, because I am an SPG Gold Member I was able to check-in early and check-out early which was much appreciated. Rooms service was fast and we ordered something not on the menu ant they were able to make it happen. Also, the hotel knew it was my birthday and sent complimentary snacks and alcoholic beverages as well as birthday card. Finally, all the rooms were on the same floor which was quite convenient. Cons -Not to many cons, just little things that prevented a score of Excellent. First, we had some champagne we were planning to bring in and enjoy in the room. We were told that's not allowed because of city mandate and because the W is such a high profile hotel. Upon leaving, I was told by another employee that it was simply because the hotel wanted the income from the minibar. I didn't appreciated the inconsistencies. Second, the front desk staff/manager didn't exactly exude a warm demeanor. There is something to be said about being nice and welcoming. Third, the air was not working in the main room and had to be fixed which was done promptly. Also, I think that the bath tubs could have been upgraded at the suite level - they were ordinary. At the W in SD you get a soaking tub at the same room level.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tokyogal
<Content>Very Good Experience I stayed here for one week and I had a wonderful experience. As a gold star member, I was upgraded and my room was huge. They have recently renovated the place, and it is tasteful and trendy. The service was friendly, the rooms were very clean. The only reason that I didn't give it a 5 is because the walls are somewhat thin..especially when you have a group of NOISY women staying next door. Security was prompt when getting them to turn down their music but nothing could be done about the thin wall and noisy ladies. I would recommend this hotel to anyone who can afford it.  
<Date>Feb 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	5	5	3	

<Author>eventqueenatlanta
<Content>Building Great! Staff AWFUL! we've stayed here probably 40 nights just this year and so we have a variety of experience here.basically, i LOVE the location. very convient and the hotel design is lovely, as is the pool area. the rooms are fantastic!the service however is HORRIBLE. they NEVER get your reservations right and we are platinum SPG members.they also kind of don't do anything but stand around wearing black clothes. if design made a four star hotel, then this would be one, but service is important too.they NEVER make the rooms on time and you have to beg them to come. if you call for a bellhop be prepared to wait at least an hour as we did last time. We also had issues of smoke coming through the floors from smoking rooms into our rooms in THREE different rooms. really an issue. and if you are facing the back of the building be prepared to hear all night Frat parties from UCLA.if they had a topnotch staff if would be awesome, but they don't.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Paolo01
<Content>Surprised with a fantastic stay       Nice pool scene for drinks and lunging  
<Date>Jan 14, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	3	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>StephaniB
<Content>Gorgeous Hotel Gorgeous Hotel. Spacious 1 Bedroom Suite All to myself!!!!! Was traveling for Business during Grammy Week. So many people were in town. Definately a great time to Be in LA. Will definately go back. Rooms are very clean, and house keeping is very attentive. Food is a bit pricey, but decent. Shopping is nearby. Concierge was very helpful in providing me with a map to Rodeo Drive. Had a great time. Will definately go back and bring my husband with me this time!  
<Date>Jan 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	-1	5	5	5	

<Author>DCJP
<Content>Great 4 night stay My wife and I stayed here for 4 nights over the New Years holiday. I agree with the positive reviews below on the details. First class experience the whole way. Yes, the hotel can seem almost overly stylish (typical W), but we as not overly stylish people never felt out of place. And the entire staff was friendly and helpful.The hotel is on a truly quiet residential block, but we could easily walk to the restaurants, cafes and shops of Westwood Village. Finally, we loved the central location: easy to drive to all the L.A. sights and hotspots, then return to our hip oasis.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>Edmond_ET
<Content>Hip, Comfortable and Stylish       Breakfast - Try the Lobster Omlette  
<Date>Nov 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>spideymph
<Content>Fancy, Great Service, yet Overpriced..... My stay at the W was a for one night using points. It was a standard room in the 9th floor. I have to agree with the other reviewers that the urban flare does not translate to comfort, and the room and everything else was overpriced.The parking was $31 a night for guests, which is similar to other hotels downtown LA (I was paid $35 at the Westin Bonaventure a few days ago). The service is exeptional and you get really people cattering to your needs. The room had a great view of Westwood, but the Plasma was in an ackward position on the room, as you needed to turn your head to your right in order to watch the screen as it was mounted on the right wall not in front of the TV. The towels were average quality, and the decor was really nice.The bar was happening at night and had a great time.Since I paid with points I dont know how much it would had cost to stay at this W, but I am assuming it would had been over $189 a night. I used 12,000 SPG points for this night and I dont think it was worth it. Over the last few weeks I had stayed at the 4 Points Culver City about 5 miles from the W, and had used 4,000 SPG points and paid $10 for parking for a newly remodeled room.Overall, I enjoyed my stay at the W, yet I feeel that for those paying rack rate, you are better off at a newer and less fancy hotel.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Pard61
<Content>ok, style over substance Stayed here for business trip, nice room , though the whole hotel has a feeling of style over substance, for example while the desk in my room looked great it was very difficult to work at, ended up using the rooms coffee table. Also, the hotels business center seems to be a poor after thought, the person working it gave very good directions to a local art galleries, but was unsure of how to send a fax (had to ask someone at the front desk- who was also unsure and had to ask anther person at the front desk-fax then got sent).  
<Date>Nov 2, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	2	1	1	

<Author>J2meLumi
<Content>Wonderful W Located in an assuming neighborhood, the W provides chic elegance to Westwood. You walk in and are welcomed by doorman and asked if there is anything that they can assist you with. This sets the precedence for the rest of your stay. The rooms are clean and modern, but doesn't lack comfort. The beds are the Starwood staple of the wonderful bed which are in fact, wonderful. The suites have two flatscreens (one in the living room, one in the bedroom) as well as a CD player with their W CD provided for your listening enjoyment. The bathrooms are extremely clean ( I notice every fleck of dirt) and the robes are very soft. I placed the breakfast card out at 1am for fresh coffee and a bagel to be delivered at 8:15. At 8:15 a smiling waiter arrived at my door and was very accomodating. This is a hotel that likes to please their guests.We had drinks at the Backyard by the pool upon arrival and were served STRONG Mai Tais and a Lady drink of some sort all with a smile. We also had drinks at Whiskey Blue after dinner and were greated again with accomodation. The bouncer went out of his way to find us a nice table so we can watch all the people go by. The W doesn't disappoint with the man candy! All these male waiters/bartenders who are very easy on the eyes...my husband said there was eye candy for him too. :) All-in-all, the W westwood does not disappoint.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Rileyke
<Content>Chic Elegance This is a nice Hotel that is a bit over priced. The suite I got is very chic with an urban flare. The bed was very nice and wonderful. The entire Hotel was super clean and chic. It lives up to the W Hotel reputation.  What I did find to be issues were the bath towels. They were too average. The lack of a coffee machine in the room was another issue because you are almost forced to buy the over priced coffee and muffins in the restaurant. The pool area is wonderful but the pool itself is too small for the resort. It's more like a pond. Having to pay $31.00 for overnight valet parking was another issue. Street parking is rare in this area due to Westwood Village and UCLA being right in the vicinity. Overall, I liked the Westwood LA Hotel W. Regardless of the overpriced coffee, drinks at the bar and valet parking. I would return if the price was right.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	4	4	3	

<Author>Samuel-D
<Content>W Hotel doesnt recognise loyal guests! I am one of Starwood's most loyal guests, I have stayed in Starwood properties with work 57 nights in the past 9 months on 27 different stays, also stayed in W Sydney and W Chicago and I wanted to treat myself by rewarding points while travelling to LA. First, when booking they told me they didnt have any standard room so I had to pay extra points to book a higher category, when arriving at the W hotel, the tall blond guy (its a W hotel, its standard) was rude and didnt acknowledge my requests, as a Platinium member I didnt have any upgrade, rather, I had one of the worst views, facind the inner courtyard. The hotel is currently being refurnished, so everywhere you go you see construction workers and when using the elevators; you take the staff one as the toehr ones are not always working.The rooms are quite big, but the one I had didnt have exterior lights so you almost had to turn on the lights 24/7. When doing the check out; the overcharged me for over 100 dollars, which they took off, but i realised afterward on my credit card statement that they still charged me for some extras ( in the mini bar i believe) that i didnt use. The property is nice; but the swimming pool is very small, the valet are rude (31 dollar per day). However the location is great, its in the middle of Westwood, close to Beverly Hills, Santa Monica and Westwood itself is nice, its where UCLA is and as a result its lively and full of nice restaurants and cafes.The Concierge was very nice, she recommended some nice restaurants.I hope this helps  
<Date>Sep 18, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	2	3	3	

<Author>travelbugChicago
<Content>Urban and Inviting We stayed here for one evening while laying over for our flight to Hong Kong for our Honeymoon. Our Wedding Reception was held at a W hotel and so it was a natural choice in terms of the places we would stay for our trip. We were way impressed with the level of service provided by the staff. We were immediately upgraded to the Mega Suite (ordered a regular room), and while I know this is not the norm, were impressed with their willingness to accomodate a young couple who paid for the room by Starpoints!Great location too. Can walk to restaurants or take a cab (whatever your preference)Poolside was nice too. Great service their as well. Read a review something to the effect of what you would expect from a W but I don't think that you always get that level of service at every W hotel unfortunately.Feel free to contact: We are young (27/29), honest, pay attention to detail, but realistic on what you should expect - so ask away.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>citychickie
<Content>Nice property My husband and I chose this location because it was the nicest hotel close to our friends that we were visiting. Because my husband travels for business we stayed using points so I cannot comment on the cost value. The property was relaxing and we enjoyed our drinks and dinner in the backyard. We wished it was warm enough that weekend to go for a swim and liked the fact that it was sectioned off for guests only to keep it from getting too crowded. If you drive you will be forced to use their valet service since all their signs say not to park in the neighborhood. I think it was $30 a night for hotel guests. That's pretty standard for W Hotels, I believe. I can only complain that the elevators took an awful long time. There also was a time I needed directions to a restaurant from Concierge only to not find anyone in the early evening. The Welcome Desk Agent told me to just wait instead of offering her time to help. We didn't wait and decided to eat at the Backyard which was better than going out. Yes, the rooms are standard W Hotel rooms. Simple slightly worn furniture. These rooms very roomy compared to their NY properties. We will definitely stay here again when we again visit our friends in Westwood.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	3	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>toflyer
<Content>Excellent Hotel Very nice hotel, in a more quiet residential neighbourhood, but within walking distance of shops, restaurants, cafes. The hotel was under construction, renovating the rooms. Stayed in a newly renovated room, very nice rooms. Bathroom was on the small side, but very nice. The restaurant and bar downstairs were also great, good food, excellent service. I'd absolutely stay again, one of the nicer W's I've stayed in. The pool area is nice, quiet, good service there as well. You've probably seen the pool on TV, it's used in a number of shows. They were filming a show (1 day) while we were there.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>zuberry
<Content>fab stay at the W My husband and I, plus teenage daughter stayed for three nights at the W and had a very enjoyable stay. We had a newly refurbished suite on the 14th floor which was extremely spacious and well designed. Found the staff to be very helpful and enjoyed hanging out in the Backyard. Overall, experienced a very relaxing stay in a quiet and safe location of West Hollywood. Easy access by car to many of the touristy spots including 20 minute drive to Santa Monica. If you want somewhere local to eat recommend Tengu the sushi restaurant which is about 5 minutes away! All in all, most enjoyable stay and would consider staying again.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>asianphilosopher
<Content>Modern and chic! This is the place for the young single with money! The W Los Angeles 鈥?WestwoodTime of stay: December 27, 2006Purpose of stay: leisure/pleasureCHECK-IN:- Staff were pleasant, helpful, and prompt in assisting us.CONCIERGE:- Staff at curbside were attentive in opening our car doors and taking our luggage. Only complaint was that it took them over 30 minutes to deliver our baggage to our room. This may have been due to the fact only one elevator was working during our stay.ROOM CONDITION:- As expected, our room was decorated in a very modern, contemporary, and minimalist fashion.- When we entered the room, the television was on with a hip sound-track playing. The television was showing a hotel overview and also gave introductions to other W hotels in the world.- Our bathroom was beautifully done. Frosted glass counters gave the bathroom an elegant look. Elegant wall sconces on either side of the bathroom mirror was a nice touch.- Toiletries were excellent. *Bliss* spa products were provided (shampoo, conditioner and shower gel). Bottles were very tiny, however. Only really enough for 1-2 uses.- Our television was a bit dated (the CRT/boxy variety)- A comprehensive selection of fashion and tourist magazines were spread out on the coffee table in front of the television for our browsing. A nice touch.- The bed was quite comfortable. Sheets were clean and fresh.RESTAURANT- The Restaurant is on the left-side of the hotel when you walk into the main lobby. The ambience is decidedly modern, elegant, and classy.- Food quality was excellent. I had a martini with my dinner. Service was prompt and friendly. An excellent place to bring a date for an intimate, romantic, and memorable time.- Food prices were typical of high-end hotels.PRICE:- I used my Air Canada *Aeroplan* points to book the room. Otherwise,the price would have been over $300 USD per night. There is a parkingfee charge but I can鈥檛 remember the exact amount. Parking at downtownhotels in Los Angeles and San Francisco can run up to about $50 USD per night!OVERALL:- The hotel is located off the beaten track. It鈥檚 nestled between some high-end condominium high-rise buildings.- Everything about this hotel and other W Hotels is about being chic.The hallway lighting is dim with accent lighting in cool colours. Theelevator has LCD televisions installed around its perimeter. When youwalk in there is a hidden-camera that projects your image onto the wall. It鈥檚 a bit disconcerting at first, but definitely a cool effect.- This hotel is recommended for young singles or couples who want to be surrounded by other young cool people (with money). You just mightbump into someone famous at the hotel bar/restaurant!- Arrive after dark! The ambience is amazing at night with the hotel鈥檚 excellent atmosphere/ambient lighting.- As is usual for the W Hotels, it is a destination for the chic, moneyed, and celebrity-types.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>RedEve
<Content>Great Customer Service We stayed at the W Los Angeles Westwood May 29 - June 7, 2007. As a regular Four Seasons patron, I am used to service. The W does not disappoint and even outdid The Seasons. Nothing was too much trouble. We stayed at the W to be close to UCLA as we flew from Florida for my mother to have brain surgery for tumors. The W is very close to the UCLA clinics and hospitals. As a young female, I felt very safe walking in the neighborhood, anywhere from 5am to 11pm. The front desk staff, especially Alfie, went out of their way to make check in easy and smooth. Upon arriving, I found the two rooms we had booked were across the hall. A little too far apart for me to hear if my mom had another seizure or complications after the surgery. Alfie immediately solved the problem. We were upgraded to a larger office suite with a bedroom and a pull out bed in the office. The W still charged only the UCLA Patient rate for the original room. The suite was spacious and clean. The only downside was the shower. The shower head is a little low, but no great difficulty even for a 5'10 person. The style department of the W even sent a fruit basket and a card telling us to ask for anything we needed after my mom's return from the procedure. Well, we took them up on the card. The third day after her procedure, my mom had a partial seizure while alone in the hotel room. She called the desk and the staff was immediately in the room to help her. She states they gently eased her to the ground from where she was slumped between the desk and the wall and had help there quickly. I was notified and at the hotel within 10 minutes to find the paramedics already present and treating her. The W even had a car ready for us to follow the ambulance to the ER. I called from the ER to ask if we could extend our stay as we were scheduled to leave the next morning. I was told not to worry, the room would be ours as long as needed. The next day, the staff, from Dione who helped my mom to the cleaning staff were asking how she was and if I needed anything. The entire staff really rose to this medical emergency. We had room service the first night. It was expensive as expected, but I was surprised at the amount of food and how good it was. Definitely a great deal for late night. We also ate at the hotel restaurant, Nine Thirty, the service, especially our waiter Paul, and the food was good. They also gave great suggestions for places to eat around the hotel. Palomino's became one of our favorites.  The taxi from the airport to the hotel, with tip, was 40$. We didn't have a chance to use the pool or exercise, but it looked clean and well taken care of on a walk through.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>kareny13
<Content>What you expect: good fro being hip and bad fro the same readon The W hotels are all modeleld similialy: active bars, for the yuong/hip, stylish...and this one LA (read Hollywood) si no different. Friday and Saturday nights are scene, so you you are not part of the scene, avoid the street facing rooms on these nights. These rooms are wonderful - all suites, providing you with a separate living area. Tolieltries by Bliss, which is special. Complimentary cofee/tea facilities but do anything else and there goes you arm and leg!Fitness area small but functionable. Staff friendly and helpful. One f the worse hings of ths W is the elevators - every doubel I have stayed out in the US (over 12....you wait forever!!). I doubt get it!!This W is on a quite street near Holloywood and just bolcks away from Westwood Village.. but in the nieghoborhood area quite but is close to everything. And for a great dinner walk 1/2 block donw the street to Teng for some wonderful sushi rolls.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>yukachick
<Content>Do not stay at this hotel! I stayed there for one night in early May. The hotel is okay, I thinkwe paid near $400 for our room, which was a large suite. Coming from NYC, the size of the rooms are impressive. But I had the most horrible experience. I left my sunglasses and video ipod, priced around $700 in total, in the pocket of a robe. I had spent the afternoon by the pool and upon going back to my room, I placed the ipod and sunglasses (in a large pearl case) in the pocket of my robe. I hung up the robe on the bathroom door and took a shower. The following morning, when i checked out, I forgot to takethe items from the robe. The next day, I realized I had forgotten my items in the robe in the bathroom. I called the hotel several times. The first time, I spoke with an agent named William who said he would conduct an investigation and give me a call right back. He did not call me back.So I called later in the evening and spoke to another agent who called me back within 10 minutes and said the items had not been found. Which was peculiar to me because I know for certain that i left them there. The next day, I called to talk to manager at the hotel. I spoke directly to the manager's assistant who assured me she would look further into the matter and get back to me as soon as possible. This was almost 3 weeks ago and I have heard nothing. It was a very bad experience for me because I think that hotels should be accountable and not take their customer's belongings that they overlook. I have never had an experience like this where i was not able to reclaim forgotten merchandise in a hotel room. Im dissappointed in the hotel and their staff for their lack of professionalism. I know that an ipod and sunglasses are not the end of the world, and thankfully it was not a much more important personal belonging. My advice is, avoidthis hotel. It is overpriced and not worth the hassle. Also, the lack of concern by their managing staff is immensely disappointing.  
<Date>May 28, 2007
<Rating>2	1	2	3	3	3	1	1	

<Author>JuicyJ123
<Content>Over Rated!! I have always like the Starwood hotels so it was a easy choice to try the W hotel in LA. We pulled up to the hotel and was impressed with the service and our first impression of the hotel was fantastic. Only to find out while checking in that they gave our room away so we ended up being upgraded to a bigger room, it didn't help the fact that one of us still had to sleep on the dreaded pull out couch. The room was impressive except for the greasy mark on the wall and stained couch. My girlfriend woke up the next morning with bug bites all over her neck, arms, legs and stomach!! We were absolutely disgusted!!!!!i think I have said enough, I'm sure others had a pleasent experience. I however, refuse to stay at that hotel ever again!  
<Date>May 22, 2007
<Rating>1	1	3	3	1	3	3	3	

<Author>FrankandBruno
<Content>True Los Angeles Experience We decided to stay here for two nights, even though the reviews were less than sparkling. First of all, this is a wonderful hotel. If you prefer the stylings of a Holiday Inn...do not stay here. If you are looking for something different and luxurious, then stay here. While we were here there was a designer sample sale (which my wife loved) and a taping of the HBO show Entourage. That's what this hotel is, Hollywood mixed with high style. Our room was perfect. A super comfortable living area (couch, tv, desk, bar area) and an intimate separate bedroom.The hotel is located in a private,residential neighborhood away from the noise of the city. My ONE complaint is the elevators - they take forever! I found this to be something that is constant in California hotels...Anyway, I'm not sure where some of these other reviewers were staying, but we truly enjoyed the W.  
<Date>May 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>skinnedknee
<Content>Swanky Digs in Westwood       the  
<Date>Apr 19, 2007
<Rating>4	3	2	3	3	4	-1	4	

<Author>KateAp
<Content>Must have got lucky... I was fortunate enough to stay at the W in Westwood as the guest of an LA based friend and can only say that the negative reviews here surprise me. I was already in a great room so can't comment on upgrades or lack thereof, all I can say is that my room was spotless and was kept that way for the duration of my stay.One gripe: compared to the cost of eating elsewhere in LA, the hotel prices were extortionately expensive: $7 for a breakfast latte and $9 for granola even given US-size portions was outrageousAnd finally, maybe it's that the level of service in the US is so high elsewhere and maybe it's because I'm a Brit and we're generally so tolerant of rubbish service, but I thought the staff at the hotel couldn't have been more charming or helpful. Scott on the front desk and Brittan and the valet guys were utterly lovely - I shall be back!  
<Date>Apr 11, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	3	5	5	-1	

<Author>Feeber
<Content>Trendy oasis in a busy city I stayed here for 2 nights in April. I checked in very late (midnight) as my plane was late arriving in LA. I was greeted by a very friendly valet who carried my bags in for me. Check in was efficient and friendly and I was upgraded due to my Gold status with SPG. Now that was nice! The room was great - a two room suite. The bedroom was a little small but fine. It was very clean. I had all meals there and the food is excellent. I even when back there for dinner after I had checked out before getting on the plane again.It was pretty trendy but not over the top. I really liked it and wished I could have stayed longer. I would 100% stay there again!  
<Date>Apr 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>maroon_wolverine
<Content>Shabby chic, or just shabby and chic? I stayed at the W Westwood for one night. I got a great deal on a room that was very spacious and well appointed, but very dirty. The couches and carpets had stains, etc. On balance, I could've put up with it if it weren't so darn far from downtown. I was there for work and the drive to downtown LA from Westwood was a nightmare in the morning. Beware if this is for business travel.The bar was very busy on Saturday night. The scene was more obnoxious than hip, but it was a scene nonetheless. If I had business actually nearby this hotel, I would consider staying here again, despite the shabby room. The staff was very pleasant, and the food at the restaurant was quite good.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hwalter
<Content>Pretty Good Hotel is Ok. Rooms are clean. Front Desk is ok. For the price I would stay somewhere else next time. Location is in a residential district. You need a car to get to anywhere....  
<Date>Mar 14, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	3	2	3	3	3	

<Author>LATravelDude
<Content>Very Different Unique experience - if your into modern cold surroundings, your like this hotel. Don't expect any added value for being a Platinum or Gold Level Starwood holder -- it just will not happen. No upgrades, no benefits, no club lounge, etc. Hotel rooms were clean. Shower is excellent.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	4	3	-1	2	

<Author>wanttotravella
<Content>Had a great two nights I stayed at the W Hotel in Los Angeles for 2 nights in January. Everything was great. I live in LA about 1/2 mile away from the hotel but my house was being fumigated. We had a large suite with two living rooms. My 2 kids shared the sofa bed (which was pretty uncomfortable). I am a Starwood member and upon entering the room, there was a welcome bottle of wine along with mixed nuts from the GM of the hotel. It was such a nice surprise and I suppose that they gave this to us because we are Starwood members. On the second night there was a lovely box of chocolates at our bedside. I think these small touches make you feel welcome and want to return. Our room was lovely and it had the biggest, most comfortable and fluffy bed ever. I want to get the same exact bed for my home. The lobby and bar had the cool W vibe. I've stayed at the W in San Diego, W in Times Square and now the W in LA. I have enjoyed all the W Hotels and will continue booking rooms there.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>traveltoomuchToronto
<Content>Once again, beat up and tired Hallways and room are best summed up as having the appearance of 30 years of Spring Break cavorting without a cleaning, stains on all walls, carpets, and furniture, typical dark W hallways and rooms, poor towels, overpriced water ($8 per bottle), staff with attitude at the front desk, car valets were very good, flies join you for your beakfast without invite, food stains all over the restaurant menus each time the last three stays, $3.25 surcharge for using the ATM and limited to $100 (what will $100 buy you at a W hotel?), well below expectation for a Starwood Hotel, do yourself a favour, bring Lysol or stay somewhere else. Instead of taking photos of guests in the elevators, they should video their cleaning staff to determine what they have been doing. The US disease control unit should be called into this overpriced dormitory. The Bliss Spa was excellent though.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	1	2	3	

<Author>gahlisary
<Content>First Class Experience Was in town a few days for work, and the company put us up at the W. Exceptional place. The whole vibe is just really cool in every way. Friendly valet staff, beautiful and friendly checkin staff, huge room, cool bar, cool lobby, awesome machines in the gym, cool pool. the rooms are very special here, huge two room suites, with the most phenomonally comfortable bed I have ever stayed in. The minibar sells all kinds of neat little things, gift boxes of chocolate, w shirts and hats, and all kinds of neat beers, wines, and booze. Also, the tv in the living room has a cd player and comes with a W CD mix, really great sounds. cant understand any of the bad reviews, these people are nuts. would recomend in a second. like all experiences, there were a few shortcomings.. the tvs in both rooms are old, and not plasmas, the cordless phone is old, there is a small amount of noise coming from other rooms, and the hotel only has three elevators, so there can be a wait for them. however one night at the bar there (whiskey blue) my colleague and i befriended a member of the hotel staff and while conversing mentioned that we thought the rooms looked like they needed a little sprucing up. well, she agreed and offered to show us the new model rooms theyve built but havent yet rolled out. we saw them, they are incredible. when all rooms get remodeled, the place will be second to none. love the w. Wish i didnt have to leave.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>EP7
<Content>Exceptional stay at the W Westwood As a Starwood member who stays in W hotels frequently due to business travel, I chose to reserve a room at a different hotel in Santa Monica while planning a trip to LA after reading all of the negative reviews on Tripadvisor (which I read religiously). However, was very disappointed with the other choice, checked out and was welcomed at the last minute on a weekend. With the exception of the slow elevators, which are a legitimate issue, everything about my stay was exceptional-- the cleanliness of the suite, the manager, staff, spa services, concierge and excellent dining. As an older woman business traveler, I never get the vibe that the W caters only to the young hip and beautiful--am always treated with warmth, respect and utmost courtesy. This was the first time tripadvisor advice steered me in the wrong direction. I imagine all the writers had legitimate issues and just bad stays which can happen--would strongly suggest giving the W in Westwood another opportunity in your travels.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>celeste652
<Content>WOW! What a let down...... Upon arrival I felt let down as the car service had no drive to pull into we were rushed from curbside into our hotel.... Once up the stairs the doorman offered help with our bags... Too little! Too late! Plus every calorie burnt is one not on my hips...Okay, so stay with my ramble....At the desk I was greeted by a snotty girl about 5 years my junior and very grumpy.... We made our way to our room which was ready early as requested and down -free due to allergies. I complement them on this... but since there was no air and I had to change rooms three more times to find a room with working air their small triumph meant nothing to me in the end. Now in my newest room it took nearly two hours for hotel staff to get the down items out prior to bringing my allergy stricken mate into the room. I would like to say he slept peacefully in the old room without a working AC, but it was near the closet where they were working on the system and the workers were talking loudly on their phone outside our room... Did I mention we came in on a red-eye and were just trying to get a nap in prior to a social event that evening鈥e just wanted to get some sleep already鈥hen while awaiting the staff I sat on the sofa in my newest room staring out the window.... I noticed a bullet hole in the glass.... On the twelfth floor, but how?It had come from in the room... Scary, stuff... Guns generally do not go off where I reside..... I will stop this rant here where the room is finally ready, the air is finally working, and I open the drawer to the Ikea dresser only to have the face plate land on my foot ....What a let down... but if you ask for the UCLA rate...not discount you will save a little if you too are forced to stay here鈥?.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	3	2	2	2	-1	

<Author>Majito
<Content>So arrogant ! Hello, is me who is paying ! Ok, I cant say the hotel is terrible, BUT, is a W and so expensive AND it looks a little old.... Nothing special, nor great. I stayed for a week when must of people stays for a couple of days, so, I was paying more than 3,000 and as I was paying with cash, they want me to leave them 2,000 more just in case.... The staff was so arrogant as they were the ones who were paying the 3,000 and they were never useful.... Will stay there again only for the location. You can walk to UCLA.  
<Date>Dec 25, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	5	4	1	1	2	

<Author>kakudmi
<Content>Never again. The room was ok, clean and comfortable and also $370 for the cheapest one. Looks like a 1 bedroom luxury apt, however, you touch anything in that room and there goes at least $30 from your card, even if it's just a bottle of water and even if you tell them not to charge you before they make a contact. So, one minus there.Second, I wanted to take a shower but couldn't because it took me too long to figure out where the f... is hot water knob, or level, or button, or whatever the hell they use to make the cold water become warm.Well, I'm 32 and I'm an IT professional. You'd figure, a guy like me can figure out the whole navigations system in BMW 6 series in less than 10 minutes, but here I'm trying to figure out how to turn on the hot water. So I gave up after almost a minute of freezing my but there.Second minus.Now I'm trying to reach them to figure out why did they charge me $50 for, and naturally, you won't get live person. You have to leave a message. Nice try. People usually give up when they have to leave a message for something like this. Well, not me. Certainly I'm not going there ever again.Have fun.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2006
<Rating>1	2	3	3	4	4	-1	-1	

<Author>perryb6
<Content>Amazing Stay We travel every other week and have seen all sorts.This W was a great experience and unexpected . Every single member of staff were very friendly and nothing was to much trouble.Our 1 bedroom suite was very clean and very big. The Bar was fun and great people watching. We had a booking at a Restaurant near by but we were tired and booked a table at the Hotel Restaurant called Nine Thirty .Wow what a meal.Great service. It was so good we ate there the following night. Thanks Andres. It is rare for us not to find fault in a hotel.This was a perfect 10. We have found a new home in L.A.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CatPacker
<Content>Great 1st impression that doesn't follow through Stayed at the W for one night on a corporate account - thank goodness, because if I paid full price I would have been outraged. The hotel is dazzling at first glance - the glowing blue steps to the front door, beautiful lobby lounge spaces, friendly front-desk staff, free wireless internet in the lobby, etc. Which is exactly what I expected, having always heard great things about W hotels. It's the rooms (suites, really) that truly disappoint. After a slow elevator ride, you step off into a dimly lit hallway with uneven flooring under the carpet. The space itself is also dimly lit - even the bathrooms - so if you arrive after dark (as I did) it's hard to tell how dingy things really are. By the light of day I could see gouges in the furniture (maybe they should rethink their dog-friendly policy), many mystery stains in the bathroom floor, and more. In all, the bathroom was the worst part: the tub had a very slow drain, so I showered standing in dirty water, the light on the makeup mirror (which would have been a welcome touch) was broken. As a business traveler, I was also disappointed by the almost total lack of electrical outlets in my suite - except for one in the bathroom, they had been covered over with blank plates! It's not the end of the word to charge my laptop and phone in the bathroom, but it did seem weird. From my limited experience, there are better hotels, in similarly convenient places, at equivalent costs, in L.A. I will not choose to book at the W again.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	4	2	4	-1	3	

<Author>EasyMeef
<Content>Nice, but I'd expected more       One Bedroom Suite View #1  
<Date>Oct 30, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	3	3	4	3	4	

<Author>Muntz73
<Content>Great Location....Bad room No question this hotel is in an awesome location. The lobby is awesome and attracts quite the crowd.The positive traits stop as you have to wait for the very slow elevators.The rooms are the worst attempt of a remodel I've seen at a W. The room had nothing special except the heavenly bed.The bathrooms (which is something I always like to be plush) was horrible. Standard size tub/shower and it didn't even have the rounded shower curtain rod to give more space. The countertop and faucets were the same that were installed when this property was a Ramada Inn or equal.Room Service was very prompt and courteous.The Bliss Spa was very nice as well.This is a great place to see celebrities and enjoy the location. However, the room itself leave much to be desired.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>FemaleTraveler
<Content>Caters to a certain breed -- not for everyone This hotel is for a completely different breed of person to me. I am a solo business traveler with simpler needs -- a clean, comfortable room, quick courteous staff, easy access to decent meals either inside or just outside the hotel. Spa, cabana etc. are not in my travel dictionary. In that sense, it was the fault of my travel agent, and not the hotel that I felt so much of an outsider that I quickly cancelled the second night I was booked there. Found a hotel at half the price that met my needs. I prefer a hotel with friendly service than a cool lobby where the music is so loud that you can't hear what the person behind the desk is telling you.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2006
<Rating>3	1	4	2	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>Ex-LA
<Content>Good, Bad, and Indifferent Oh to be young and decadent. The W LA is a classic example of style over substance. In that regard, it is perfect.The W caters to the hip and beautiful los angelenos with nothing better to do than posture at the poolside. There is enough silicone around that pool to float a battleship. It makes for pleasant people watching, but try not to stare too much.The hotel itself is OK. Frankly, the decor is getting a little tired if not downright cliche. The room (a Mega Suite penthouse) was filthy upon our arrival: the bathroom had lots of detritus from the previous occupants, there was food on the carpet next to the couch, the second bathtub had muddy footprints in it, etc. The service folks are certainly cheerful if not particularly helpful. Their trademark Anything, Anytime catchphrase is laughable: the utterly inept valets are either a) too busy checking out the hot women or b) too busy thinking about their screenplay to bother getting your car for you.There are waaaaay better places to stay in LA. Although the location is great, if you need to be on the west side, I would not stay here again- too much money for too little service and too much attitude. For suite accomodations, I would strongly recommend a bungalow at the Fairmont Miramar before I came back to the W.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	5	1	4	2	3	

<Author>MikeGeee
<Content>Great Hotel, Great Location! After many trips to LA for biz  pleasure, I discovered the Westwood area and the W while staying here on business for the LA Film Festival. After staying at the W for the whole 10 days of the festival and three subsequent stays, I have to say it's a really great hotel. I travel 70% for biz and this is one of the best hotels I've stayed at in LA. I don't know where all the negative reviews come from. The valet, bell and doormen remember my name everytime I come. Check in is quick and a bellman is right with you when you go to your room. The first time I stayed there, the room I got had just been painted and didn't care for the smell. Called them up and they sent up a bellman with keys to a new room and moved my bags. They usually call the room about 30 minutes after check in to see if everything is to your liking. It is an older hotel, but all rooms are suites of various sizes, and twice was upgraded to a larger suite. The beds and pillows are EXTREMELY comfy and better than most hotels I've stayed at. The work area is very large and bathrooms are nice. The Backyard pool/lounge area is very nice. Nice green, lush area that seems to be miles away from LA (except for the occasional UCLA medical helicopter). Cabanas are open for the taking; food and drinks are very good and you may run into an occasional celebrity hanging out for a drink. The food at 9:30 restaurant is also very good. Whicky Blue is also cool to hang out for a couple of drinks. Valet parking is kind of pricey tho.The location is great! It's in a quiet residential area, but is only a couple of blocks from Westwood Village's many restaraunts, theatres  shops as well as a Longs, Ralphs, Best Buy and of course UCLA. It's an easy 20-30 minutes down Wilshire to Santa Monica (even in rush hour) and close to Sunset for those drives out to Hollywood. Be careful of jaywalking in Westwood Village, they will ticket you. Try the pineapple infused sake down the street at Tengu....  
<Date>Aug 17, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Lindzini
<Content>VERY unimpressed I was very excited to stay at this hotel, but by the end of our stay I could not wait to leave and never stay there again, due to numerous service issues. The staff at this hotel, in literally every department is unable to successfully complete a task you ask of them without screwing something up. Everything was a challenge for them to get right. The pool attendants are never around when you need them, and take forever once you have placed your order and don't seem remotely concerned when you ask them 5 times for that drink menu you asked for 30 minutes ago, or they messed up your drink order. We thought that for a hotel of it's size the pool is completely inadequate and way too small for the number of guests. It was literally teeming with children everytime we tried to relax there.  Our room was not very nice and had musty smell to it. It felt like no one paid attention to things like chipped paint on all the furniture or burnt out light bulbs in the room. I think a great hotel pays attention to those details. The majority of the hotel, excluding the lobby- which is very nice, had a run down feeling to it, and the hallways on all the floors where dark and musty, and personally I thought a little creepy. These are just my experiences, but I would not bother with this hotel and stay at one of the luxury boutique type hotels where they actually know how to do things right. Good luck.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	3	2	3	1	2	

<Author>student2006
<Content>Find the Fake Plastic LA stereotype here. Comfortable rooms, with the best pillows I have ever slept on, and decent location but a hotel that generally lacks the attention to detail that mark out the best.A warning about the ambience of the hotel, especially at the weekends when it becomes packed with hipster wannabes. Useful if you want to experience the fake plastic LA stereotype, not so great if you want a peaceful nights sleep. Be prepared for visual dressings down by trying too hard 20 somethings in the nightclub like elevators.I didn't find the ambience to my liking so changed to the Omni in California Plaza. This hotel was just as comfortable, half the price, with a more professional clientel and business like ambience, if a characterless.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	4	5	2	3	4	4	

<Author>K2K2
<Content>The W is Way Cool Had an awesome stay at the hip and happening W last weekend. The service was impeccable, the food was delectable and nothing beats hanging out at the pool with a cool cocktail. Love that they are hidden away from the maddening crowd, but still close to lots of hot spots. But recommend booking ahead at their spa Bliss - I couldn't get in all weekend.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>iiooii
<Content>Should Rank in Top 10 in LA This is an Excellent W (I've been to 8) - Great Rooms (request a corner), great pool, great location near Bev. Hills, West Hollywood, Santa Monica and ocean, great young and fun crowd, and great restaurants and bars. I clearly don't understand the (in my opinion unjust) negative reviews and tripadviser rankings. Well, I guess everyone is a critic or at least they think they are:)  
<Date>Jul 6, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Cal5gens
<Content>"Location" is it! All the bad things you read in other reviews are true. There are 3 good things about this hotel - it's location, it's pet policy (allows them) and it's food/in room dining. Everything else is relying on the W's from other places to get it customers. There is no housekeeping - no robes, then after they delivered them, they took one away the next day and it never returned. Did not service at all one day and left us with no TP! No tissues ever re-appeared in the box. The featherbed was half way down the bed one night (lumpy!) and had to be re-made by me. Then the bed was short sheeted the next - I had to remake my bed every night! Didn't get fresh towels one day, or floor mat the next, or any bath mats at all the next. It has the noisiest toilets I've ever heard in any accomodations - they really shriek and you have to plug your ears in the all hardscape bath. It is an older building, so guest room and hallway noise are bad, although there is almost no street noise, there is much from the music at the private parties they hold at the pool. They also screwed up my bill, had the name sort of right (not the sex) but the address and the Starwood preffered number wrong - I corrected them but still don't have my points. If it wasn't for the location, it would've died by now because it's way to pricey for the lack of service.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2006
<Rating>2	1	4	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Terrible Terrible Service I stayed at the W hotel in Los Angeles and received terrible service. They lost my reservation and refused to accomodate any basic requests I made. I was treated with an aloof attitude, and the employees seemed to believe that they were the customers there and didnt seem to care about making the actual customers feel welcome and at home, nor were they providing a level of service you might expect at this hotel. They seemed to try to convey an image of cool, that came across as cold and aloof, coupled with a 'better than thou' attitude. A miserable experience.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>softballsparky
<Content>Oh to be young and hip We spent 2 nights at the W and really enjoyed our stay. Very swank hotel. Everyone in black and lighting low for urban effect. Check-in was quick, suite was spacious and well layed out. We've stayed at other W hotels with very small rooms but not here. Bedding was amazing and Bliss bath products were awesome. I ended up becoming very sick with the flu and had no cold products with me. I called their whatever/whenever line and somebody brought up Tylenol and extra tissues. We really loved the location in Westwood and was walking distance to our favorite Donut Shop, Stan's and many other restaurants. I actually got pulled over by a motorcycle cop for j-walking. Be careful driving in the area. My only gripe would be the cost for Valet parking- $28/day.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>iamcrispydammit
<Content>At home at the W Los Angeles I am another W Los Angeles guest surprised by the negative reviews online of this property. I had a small problem getting a light bulb replaced in the room (it took a call to the front desk, then two follow-up calls on their part to see if it had been done before it was actually accomplished), but I don't consider a burnt-out bulb to be a big problem, so fixing it right away wasn't something that irritated me. So I might agree that perhaps the staff is not up to the typical W standard for coordination, but I did not at any time find anyone unprofessional or rude. I lived in Westwood for a while and feared that the location would mean lots of noise and drunken carousing outside, but their street is away from Westwood Village and very quiet. The building seems nestled in a private jungle, and I found that its reputation for being dark was well-deserved. At night, they keep the lobby area relatively dim and use projections on the wall for decoration. I was impressed by the execution of this, since it can be glaring if not well integrated. The use of projection along with the closed-circuit tv in the elevator (not recorded or monitored, just for entertainment inside the elevator) is a nice nod to The Industry of the host city.The rooms are very big for hotel rooms (I had the lowest level of room), and while it is true that they do not have lots of light fixtures, during the daytime, the windows that ran along the entire side of the room (and open wide) let in plenty of light. But yes, at night, the rooms seem kind of dark. The decor is nice, but a bit reserved for a W. Again though, there is a tie-in with Los Angeles in the photos of the city at night that adorn the walls.The bathrooms are huge, and have a stand apart from the vanity for locating your own toiletries. That's a nice touch.As for the staff, I found everyone to be amazingly friendly, putting forth a lot of effort to achieve the W goal of making you feel like you're coming home when you arrive at the curb. The welcome ambassador (or whatever they call them) that greeted us upon arrival remembered my name, my interests, some amazingly obscure details from brief conversations we had and offered some amazing tips each time I passed through the doors.As for the Internet access not working, I first experienced that problem, but when they sent an engineer up to the room, he explained that the little black boxes that are inline between the ethernet from the wall and your computer often fail, so if you just use the blue ethernet cable from the wall and plug it directly into your computer, it works like a charm. I am surprised at the report from the previous reviewer that had employees talking about it being a widespread problem, since even the bellhop seemed to think that might be the problem before the engineer arrived. Perhaps they only recently discovered this workaround.Pros: Amazing welcome staff, friendly (if not well-coordinated) staff in other areas, lush surroundings, good public area design, beautiful views, that killer W bedCons: Expensive parking rates ($24/day, I think), dark rooms (at night; maybe a pro for some), not very funky room elements for a W, although I felt the lobby made up for this  
<Date>Nov 18, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great rooms- poor service All rooms are suites and well decorated, but the staff is not service-oriented. On my third stay there, they gave me a room next to the gym despite the fact that I am a gold member. I had to pull tooth and nail to have my room changed- the guy had lied about the hotel being full. After I requested valet service to bring out my car, the guy downstairs insisted that he calls the front desk, obviously thinking that I was stealing the car (despite the fact that I had already supplied my room and valet ticket numbers).When I complained to a manager, he was at least courteous and admitted that he could not offer a good explanation. He remedied the situation by giving me courtesy points. Obviously, I am deeply disappointed but I will give the hotel another try on my next business trip in LA...They need to shape up and the staff needs to drop their poor attitude.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2005
<Rating>2	1	5	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>mjk97
<Content>professionally mediocre My wife and I had a reservation for 7/31-8/2/2005 on a first leg of 10-day vacation of LA-Vegas-Bay area swing, but checked out early 8/1 morning, headed to Anaheim. $279/nite may not buy much in the area, but doesn't seem justified. The room was a plain, amall suite, shabby but O.K. The bathroom is big and seems to be the suite's only best feature. The rest is below average both in shape and deco. The lobby is dark and the hallway has this colorful art deco that looks shabby and old. I recon that some folks may like them, but I imagine not many. Room's view was a back of hotel's another wing in about 15 feet away. Spa construction was going on as a concrete breaker making piercing noise from 7 am'ish Sat., albeit a note of appology on it slipped through the door in the morning. (I told you officially and now you should bear with it ??). Broadband internet access never worked, with hotel's remote tech support person finally acknowledging that it's out of mission hotel-wide, due to be fixed on Monday. An wasted. Staff: front desk/valet parking are courteous, lone conciergie was unapproachable and busy yakking.Location:was great but I doubt I would come back to this hotel. I complained to the hotel and at the W site. The response have been always courteous and cookie-cut apologetic, but I didn't get impression from them trying to improve.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2005
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>An awesome experience! I am surprised by all the negative reviews about the W. I stayed there from Wednesday through Friday during a job interview and it was amazing. First, I called the day before to let them know that I would arriving around 1pm, and that I wanted my room to be ready, even though that was before check-in. The receptionist was very polite and when I arrived the next day, my room was ready just as promised.My room was on the fifth floor, the farthest possible from the elevator, with a beautiful view of the pool. It was quiet and larger than many apartments I've lived in! The bliss spa products were great, and the room was clean and well-appointed.One evening, I called for a wake-up call at 5 am. When I awoke before 5 the next morning, I called to cancel it. The operator immediately asked if I'd like breakfast brought up to my room. When I ordered, I asked for it to be delivered at 5:45, and it was right on time!The staff was friendly and pleasant, and the breakfasts were delicious. I think the things that really made the stay a perfect one were: 1) call ahead if you're arriving early so your room will be ready on time2) ask for a quiet room away from the elevators3) be prepared to soak in the cool vibe of this hotel-- it's over the top, but totally entertaining!  
<Date>Sep 23, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not sure why the bad reviews? Stayed at this wonderful hotel last week for 4 days. The pool was glamorous, the rooms the biggest out of any hotel I have stayed at in LA...and trust me, I have stayed at many incl. boring ones like Regent Beverly Wilshire, Park Hyatt, etc. The service was very friendly and sincere. The staff was so accommodating when I found out I was stuck one more day in LA due to bad weather. They even gave me a nice upgrade when I came back from the airport at the SAME rate because they were almost sold out but knew my dilemma. VERY nice and above the call of duty. The food was great. I felt like I was on a mini vacation rather than a biz trip. Everyone here who wrote a bad review should realize that YES, this is not a hotel like Ritz Carlton, and it is not trying to be as they are stuffy and boring, but NO, I never felt any attitude or sense of carelessness from anyone at this stylish hotel.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Tricia316
<Content>Wonderful time at the W I enjoyed my stay at the W hotel in the Westwood area of Los Angeles. I got to the hotel at 12:30pm a few hours before normal check in so the room they had for me was not ready. They asked if I minded being put in a handicap accessible room. I did not mind at all. The room was spacious and very nice. I did not have a robe and had to ask twice at the front desk for one.The restaurant in the hotel, Nine Thirty, had amazing food with reasonable prices.I enjoyed my stay.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jpm3
<Content>Gone way downhill. I've been staying here at least five times a year for the last four or so years and I'm finally giving up on the W. They are clearly spending too much time booking video launch parties with D list nobodies to cater to their returning guests. The bar/grill by the pool is beautiful but the service is consistently terrible regardless of occupancy. Last time I was there valet parking lost the keys to my car requiring me to take a taxi. The front desk is staffed by very attractive people who must be doing well with the acting gigs because they certainly aren't focused on their day jobs. As for room service, the last time I ordered my celery was stale and when I called to mention this they apologized but made zero offer to correct. It's too bad because I love the location -- Tengu, down the street, has great sushi!  
<Date>Aug 29, 2005
<Rating>1	2	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>JST1
<Content>A little to HIP! A bit overboard on the LA style thing for my taste. Rooms are a good size and well furnished but the dark halls and staff dressed in balck with ear pieces are a bit much for me. Nice pool and health club and interesting breakfast but at 50 plus years of age I feel at least 25 years to old for this hotel.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2005
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>All Sizzle and No Steak The hotel looks like a remodeled dormatory but it's nicely appointed. It was the worst check-in experience ever! My wife and I waited over four hours for a handicapped room! Front desk very abbrasive and gruff. It took bell desk 15 minutes to find our bags. Pretty much a party hotel complete w/ small pool and expensive drinks. This hotel reminds me of a the ugly, insecure and bratty little brother of a much more mature and refined Vegas boutique hotel.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>No Stars at all The L.A W. Westwood was a convenient point to meet up with my husband for a few days of relaxation after some weeks in New Zealand when my mother had died and I'd been finding adequate care for my father who鈥檚 a double amputee and confined to a wheelchair.Within a couple of hours of my arrival, I called my father from the room at the W to let him know I鈥檇 arrived safely. He was pleased to hear this, but anxious to get back to the bridge game he was in the middle of, so the conversation lasted no more than five minutes.The hotel mistook our day of departure and presented its bill a day before we were due to leave. We were to be charged $1,800 for this one phone call to New Zealand.When I protested this exorbitant billing, security guards were called and we were given the option of coming back to L.A. to pursue the matter in Small Claims Court or leaving the hotel. We left.Unfortunately, the W Hotel in L.A. was paid its exorbitant telephone bill. As Bermudian citizens it would have cost considerably more than it was worth to return and fight the claim. A return ticket to New Zealand would have cost less than the charges the W in L.A. fraudulently extracted from us. Much like the city it serves, the W鈥檚 veneer of contrived 鈥渟lickness鈥?cannot disguise its ugly, grasping reality.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2005
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>wowwwww! for the in crowd baby..great reception area, pleasant employees...tv screens in elevators are nice touch..comfortable clean roomssituated in residential westwood, 10 minutes by car to rodeo drive to shopcan walk to UCLA campusadjacent to UCLA, cozy town with resto and cafesthe pool....can you say wowwwwwwwww..great for people watching and relaxingBABYFACE launched his new album in the bar-lounge one night that I was there  
<Date>Aug 2, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>had fun at the w pretty cool hotel. stayed for a few days in mid-july  had a blast. the bar-whiskey blue rocks. it's kinda uber trendy and exclusive but since i had a room i had no problems. it was pretty funny watching all the clubbers wait in line for hours to get in when i zipped right by them. lots of hot people all over.spotted a couple of celebrities here and there, room was good on the 6th floor. internet worked great. great staff overall...no issues. restaurant wasn't bad as in other reviews but not exactly over the top like i thought it would be, but nonetheless great food..great service. love the socal weather and dining outside. checkin/out was a snap. great doorguys and valets... always ready with directions.i'll definitely spend next summer at the w when i'm back in la.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>shelgreb
<Content>Worst Experience In Los Angeles Ever No Sleep Possible The W Westwood can not be compared to the other W sister hotels. The mysterious white stains on the furniture were bad enough let alone the rotten dehydrated vegeatbles left on the shelves of the bar in my room. I paid $28.00 for parking to have my car parked mysteriously off site when they were hosting one of their numerous events. I was told they would need at least a 45 minute warning to retrieve my vehicle. I was kept awake for three nights straight from the screaming, whooping, and cheering coming from the bar  lobby lounge. When I complained to the manager on duty, they asked me what they could do. Their suggestion was a pair of earplugs????? Really nice. They said that they were trying to draw the fine line of being a business hotel that hosted events and that they did not realize the event would be so large. The music from the bar continued to escalate until the wee hours. I replied that maybe they should focus on some soundproofing for the hotel. When we finally did get to sleep at 3 a.m. we were woken up again by security calling my room to ask me where the party was at in the hotel. I replied it was in the lobby and how insightful they were. I checked out early the next morning. Word of warning stay clear of this hotel. the rooms, view, food, service, amenities, are all horrible.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2005
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>TravelPort101
<Content>Great place to stay with some minor incedents I gave this hotel 4 out of 5. The 鈥淲鈥?hotel is walking distance to Westwood and is nestled in a residential area. This is not a large hotel and is very popular for evening gatherings for the young and single on the weekend. The hotel is nicely decorated with contemporary furnishings. They are two bar areas. The out side bar is a great place to hang-out on a nice day.The room is categorized as a suite with two small rooms. The queen size bed took up most of the room, with very little walking room. Replacing the analog TV鈥檚 with a plasma TV would help with the lack of space. Room was clean. I am not sure if these are regular room or for last minute reservations using Starwood points.During the night we were disturbed by doors slamming shut, they need to put hydraulic on those doors. I can say room service has never been so fast, less than 20 minutes for a full breakfast order two for 3 days. Unfortunately, on the last day they delivered an incorrect order.Now here are some issues that some feel are minor, but I think important if I were running a hotel. There was no menu for room service and no 鈥渄o not disturb鈥?cards for the door. There were no bath robes and house keeping did not leave any face or hand towels on our third day there, subsequent to our call they could not get it right for the rest of our stay. And there was some paper work left by a previous occupant. Calling valet to have your car available was not good. I still had to wait for them to get the car. Having the vehicle out front and ready to go would be a plus.The front desk and valet was friendly and courteous. However, the elevator security during the evening gave us the cold shoulder and the bar attendants took there time serving us, so I ordered our own drinks from the bar. The attendants in the workout room were friendly and genuine.Overall the 鈥淲鈥?is a nice place to stay and would like to stay in a larger room and dine at the restaurant the next time we are in the Westwood area.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>W Hotel Los Angeles (Westwood) - OK Stay but Had Problems We (my partner) and a friend were in Los Angeles recently for the July 4th, 2005 long weekend. Typically, we stay at Le Meridien Beverly Hills, but wanted to mix it up this time and got two suites at the W Hotel LA in Westwood. (They only have suites, no rooms, which is nice) We paid $430 a night and our friend spent over $1100 for the two nights. The hotel itself is beautifully decorated, although it was a little too dark inside. My friend suggested the dim lighting was to prevent guests from noticing the fact that the building was slightly run down, but I don't agree. There is two pools - a main pool where everyone lounges and a smaller pool off of the gym. I'd recommend coming early to guarantee a lounge chair at the main pool, otherwise you'll end up having to rent one of their cabans for $200/hr. And that is probably why they allow many of the lounge chairs to sit empty for hours just because someone had reserved it with their towel. You can also enjoy a nice lunch at the restaurant by the pool. Make sure you order a mojito. BTW, the gym is very nice and well equipped with free weights as well. The rooms themselves are spacious and the beds are very comfortable. The walls are obviously very thick as you can't hear your neighbours. Scott, at the Conceirge is also very helpful. For example, he got us last minute dinner reservation at Koi and got my friend (female) into some of the hippest night clubs in LA. It didn't hurt that she was blonde and stacked. However, there were serious problems:1. They misplaced a pair of jeans I had laundered and didn't really seem to care about it. However, the jeans were eventually recovered (by my own efforts) but they didn't charge me for the service.2. They initially placed us in a room with a handicap shower, i.e. a nozzle attached to a hose which you had to hold when you showering - very annoying. We had to move to a room with a 'normal' shower. 3. Before heading out for the evening, we had requested clean towels. When we returned, we discovered a stack of clean towels on the bathroom sink and a pile of damp towels still sitting in the tub. We called downstairs and informed them that we were going to put the used towels in the hall way and asked them to send someone up to pick them up. At that time, the night manager (who had only been there for 2 months) threaten to throw us out of the hotel if we did that. I have never have been threaten to be kicked out of a hotel ever. When I went downstairs to confront the night manager, he was agressive, hostile and rude. There was no apology or attempts to resolve the situation in an appropriate manner. Furthermore, we had requested a bliss kit, i.e. a package of the mini-shampoo, lotion, etc... you get in your room. What we got was a brown paper bag with several of the little bottles sitting in our sink. Overall the experience was fine. However, that experience with the night manager soured our entire stay. At this time, we're undecided if we'd return to another W Hotel.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2005
<Rating>2	4	5	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>what a nightmarish hotel -- mess doesn't come close the price is 400.00 per night and here's what happened to me:I arrived on 6/14/05 at 5 pm for business meetings in LA. I'm to leave tomorrow at noon and I'm writing this from my immediate experience in the hopes others will spend their money anywhere but here. Here's a list of what has gone on since my arrival last nite at 5 pm and its now 11 pm the next eve -- this is in just over 24 hours:1) on arrival the shower was broken -- had to call engineering. they got it working best they could for me to shower; then came back later when i went out; didn't fix it properly -- had to return the next day2) no robe in the closet on arrival; had to call housekeeping3) during the night -- the toilet broke and sound of water running non-stop4) during the night -- the bedroom phone suddenly began ringing for no reason -- i had to unplug it left the living room phone on...5) I had ordered a wake up call for 8 am -- woke at 7-40 am and called down i didn't need the 8 am call. no problem they said. I went back to sleep and 20 mins later at 8 am they called to wake me.6) I ordered breakfast -- cappucino with sweet n low. they didn't bring the sweet n low or sugar.7) lunch -- i had to rush for a meeting so i ordered in my room. hamburger med rare to rare -- came medium well -- in fact toasted. 8) I asked the waiter to remove the lunch at 2-30 when i left for my meeting; he assured me he would come back. when i returned at 5 pm it was sitting there -- leftover hamburger was now rancid meat that made the room smell terrible. someone had been kind enough to put fresh fruit in the room next to the tray with the now rancid meat!! 9) dinner with friend downstairs -- the waiter asked if we wanted dessert. we said no, we'd sit a bit. he immediately brought us the check which we thought was rude -- we intended to order another glass of wine. they had several empty tables so clearly he didn't need ours.10) i returned to the room intending to relax and watch a dvd. I had to call the concierge because there was no list of dvd's in the room. She told me to look for a W book with list inside. There wasn't a W book. she promised to send one up. It never arrived. I had to call her TWO MORE TIMES to get the list of dvd's. list arrived: I ordered. 11) someone brings up film -- its not a dvd -- its video. I send it back. I don't have a vcr. And the guy tells me they actually don't have but FOUR DVD'S IN THE HOTEL but every room has a dvd player. they have videos but no vcr's in the room. I call the concierge -- she says they'll install a vcr.12) engineer installs the vcr -- tells me there's no remote -- no surprise.13) i call concierge for a video. she asks what happened to the last one -- i say i sent it back because no vcr. she sends it again.14) toilet starts running again - 2nd night in row. engineer has to fix it again.15) in bathroom there's one tiny bar of bliss soap. they don't allow you any extra so you can't have one in bathtub and one in sink. you have to carry your pittance of soap from the bathtub to the sink and back again. and use it over and over...at 400.00 per nite16) the walls are filthy and stained; no painting done in how long.17) manager says that my experience is an exception. think so? read the other reviews which i just saw now...looks like this hotel should be closing down.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>MOAT
<Content>Really bad My husband and I have been staying at this hotel every other month for the past couple of years. It happens to be convenient to where we need to be when we are in LA and we like the fact that it is all suites. Many many times we have sworn that this is the LAST time and then we give it one more shot. This last stay finally did it. Check in took an hour and a half. We were given five different rooms that were wrong (a lesser category on then what we were being charged for) and when we were finally given the correct room, it had an un mage bed. If this is the way they treat repeat guests WITH Starwood Gold status, I can only imagine how they treat everyone else.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2005
<Rating>1	4	2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Extremely Pleased!!! awesome hotel. terrific, friendly service and going above and beyond! beautiful, clean, fresh rooms and the most comfortable bed and crisp sheets. food was delicious and service in the restaurant (near the pool) friendly and prompt.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>over rated We stayed here only because it was within walking distance to our business meetings. Though we used points for the room, I would rather not use my points on this place if distance wasn't such a high factor.If you must stay here other than for reason of trying to look oh so cool for staying at W then make sure your room is not by the elevators and away from the frat houses with their loud partying. Read the Urine review for their take on being near the bar/club of the hotel. Probably true.The Newark W wasn't too bad though.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Urine on the pillow experience! We arrived Friday afternoon for a 2 night stay.Took 30 minutes to check us in with NO LINE.Seems the four people behind the counter were training a new girl and didn't care how long guests would have to wait.We got over it and moved up to our room only to find they stuck us on the lowest floor right off the elevators.I figured since I brought my 2 dogs, this would be a good thing for walking them.Boy was I wrong.The loudness starts at 8pm and continues till 3am due to the Whisky Blue club downstairs.As I turned off the lights and cuddled up on my W provided goose down pillow, I noticed a strong stench of urine coming from the pillow.Upon closer inspection, I found it was indeed a dried urine stain clear as day on the pillowcase.Now this leads me to believe if they don't change the pillowcases, just imagine the germ content of their duvey covers!!! Disgusted,I quickly disposed of the pillow and used another one and tried to get to sleep.Around 11:30 pm, some male guests in the hallway apparantly became violent.I heard shouting, cursing and the sound of objects banging against the hallway walls.I was frightened actually and didn't open my door till I was sure the guys left.When I peeked to see what had happened I saw a light fixture had been torn from the ceiling and broken glass was everywhere.The mess stayed there till the next afternoon,even after I called about it. Now I know what it must feel like to sleep in the Ghetto.The room also faced over the entrance/exit of the hotel and club, so lucky us got to hear the drunken fighting from outside the club at last call 2:30am.When we visited the restaurant 930 the following night, Saturday,we were immediately accosted by four hostesses in short skirts, who despite our 8pm reservation, informed us we had to wait at least another 1/2 hour.We got a drink at Whisky Blue and when our table was ready, the hostess informed us we could no bring our drinks into the restaurant because they were 2 different companies. Inconvenient at best.The banquet seating was cramped and the service so so.For the money you spend at the W Westwood, it is a sad sorry time away from home.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2005
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>sonmbr1
<Content>Wonderland! I have stayed at the W Westwood on several occasions. I have always been more than pleased. I am very surprised by the large number of negative reviews on here. The grounds and the interior public areas are absolutely surreal. This is hotel design at its best. At night, the lighting around the hotel is beautiful. As you ascend the lit glass steps with water flowing underneath them, you will be welcomed by a pink light that spells DREAM across the dark wood floor. The word describes the experience at the W LA perfectly. The design throughout the hotel is somewhat of a 60's mod. I think this is one of the best designed Ws by far. Even the hallways are beautiful. In the elevators, there is a screen on the wall that projects images of its occupants with phrases like strike a pose. I thought that it was very cool. This is just a fun hotel all the way around. Again, the building, inside and out, is beautiful. Check in was very smooth. My room was fabulous as usual. I don't think there are any 'stinker' rooms in the whole hotel. Every room is very large and always spotless. My room had a long entry hall which entered into a large living room. The large TV had both DVD and VHS players, as well as a CD player. There were plenty of couches and chairs. The bathroom was wonderful, along with the Bliss Spa products. The bedroom was also very nice. It had many built in storage areas and a separate TV. Every suite also has a doorbell, which I think is a nice touch. I read a lot of complaints about the staff, which I also found surprising. Every staff member I have ever encountered has been very, very friendly and kind, but never intrusive. For example, on my last visit, a staff member spotted me going toward the doors with my suitcase and ran over to open the door, and proceeded to carry it down the steps for me. (I am a 21 year old male.) He was very obviously NOT fishing for a tip, and we chatted for a while about Amoeba Music in Hollywood (I had an Amoeba bag). I have always been treated this way by basically every staff member I have encountered, so I am confused by complaints of the staff. The hotel is also in a great location. It is very close to UCLA in a quiet neighborhood below Bel Air. It is a short stroll to Westwood Village, which is a great, clean area with restaurants, etc. All this having been said, this hotel (and the W chain, for that matter) does cater to a very specific demographic, and it should be very apparent to most if they are part of this demographic. I see them as basically 'scene' hotels, for lack of a better word. The W LA, for example, seems to cater to young, hip scenesters, industry execs., celebs, musicians, etc. I can't imagine that you would be treated with any less respect if you are out of their demographic, but you might feel a little out of place, and thus come out with a less than stellar impression of the hotel. However, please don't let this stop you from experiencing the W. It is one of the best hotels in LA in my opinion.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved this place My husband and I loved this hotel. It felt like our own little apartment. It was clean and well furnished. The staff was personable, especially the valet guys, who were always there to give us directions and information. Nice touch having a DVD player in the room. Cool LA decor. The only complaint I have is the shape of the sink in the bathroom, cool to look at but impractical - splashed up at you.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Cool, hip... We spent 8 nights at the W because my wife had a conference at UCLA to attend. Since we had a newborn my wife was breast feeding, we wanted to stay close to campus so I walk our son over to her for feedings. The W is really the only Hotel within walking distance. That said, we didn鈥檛 really know what to expect. We travel a lot and always stay at high-end hotels but had never been to a W before. The Hotel is very cool! Everything seems to be very stylized and well thought out. I spent a lot of time by the pool (the big pool, there are two) and felt like a movie star 鈥?the pool is a place to see and be seen. The lobby is very nice and we found the location to be great. The shops and restaurants of Brentwood are all within a few blocks walking distance. We were a little surprised that for a hotel this size, there is not a fine dining restaurant. They do have an outdoor restaurant by the pool that鈥檚 pretty casual that we ate every day and enjoyed (with a newborn, we really weren鈥檛 going to do a whole lot of fine dining, anyway鈥? The best part, by far, was the room. We had a standard room and it was huge! It felt like we were staying in a suite with a sitting room, separate bedroom, 2 TV鈥檚, and huge bath. Since we were there for over a week, we really dug in and made it our home. We could put our son down in one room and have a whole another room for us. The staff was great. Housekeeping did a great job. Based on our experience, we will definitely stay in W Hotels again!  
<Date>Feb 15, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>This hotel is a mess. W Westwood is a mess. I am not a serial complainer, but this hotel experience was shockingly bad. I see from the other reviews that these problems seem to be rampant, I only wish I had read the reviews before I went. The friendly valet when I pulled up at the hotel was the last positive interaction I had with a hotel employee. Although the room, my rate, and the hotel grounds were all very good, the staff and service was extremely poor. So many things were shoddy or went wrong that I almost suspected we were on hidden camera. Check-in was a confused ordeal. I called 4 times from the room to make a dinner reservation in the new restaurant - after 1 unreturned message, then no answer, then being placed on permanent hold - I gave up and we just walked downstairs to an empty restaurant and at least 4 employees talking together at the hostess desk. The food was good, but the service was not anywhere near the level of the prices. A late-night attempt to get a forgotten bag out of my car took 3 phone calls to the valet - each time I was told the bag would be right up, but we waited 75 minutes in the end. A fire alarm went off in the middle of the night - no explanation. The shower didn't drain and the water was up to my ankles. The final bill had mini-bar  room service charges that weren't ours...and on and on. These incorrect charges caused more ordeal at check-out from an entirely rude and unsympathetic staff member. I met resistance and problems from the hotel staff at every turn in my brief 1-night stay, and left the hotel tired from this constant struggle.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>razbox
<Content>Great rooms, iffy service Great rooms - I had 2 lounges(!) + a large bedroom, good location, noisy bar (make sure you get a room above floor 5 and pref on the pool view side).Staff were great on the phone, but for some reason quite snooty when talking to guests face to face.Nowhere nearby to park overnight, so you will most likely have to use the expensive valet parking.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CAWorkingMom
<Content>Loved it I've stayed here twice last fall on business, and enjoyed my stay both times.Pros: Spacious suites with nice big, clean bathrooms. Quiet (although my room faced the side of the hotel and I stayed on the top two floors). I usually don't sleep well in a hotel, but the beds really are very comfortable. CD player and free in-room CDs were a nice touch (as were the Bliss toiletry kits). Staff were all helpful and friendly. Cons: Parking is very expensive; need to valet park. Took forever for them to get a working key for my room the first time. Housekeeping threw away several items (books, newspaper) that we had lying around, and we never recovered them (but did get credit from the hotel). No drugstores, convenience stores, or cafes in the area.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>W stands for What a mistake I am only gving 1 mark because this site will not allow minus marks. What a terrible hotel. Nice room, Great bed. That is it. No service, No restaurants. No knowledge of what package I booked. No responsibility. No remorse. This should return to a dorm, because it is a waste as a hotel. Shame on you Starwood. Hollywood hype is fine, we all expect a little. But this is blatant mis-representation. Please, all lawyers stay so you can start a class action against them for breach of contract.Do not, I beg, give the W anymore ill-gotten goods from the public.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it! I stayed at W Los Angeles for three nights and brought 10 of my clients with me over an award show. The hotel was sold out and very busy so we had very high expectations considering the inflated rates over this busy period. We had an amazing time and the $$$ was totally worth it! We usually stay at the Four Seasons or the L'Ermitage but a colleague had raved about the W so we tried it. What can I say? Service, wonderful! Location, very secluded and away from the Beverly Hills drama (and traffic). Celebrity sightings, everywhere from the cabanas by the pool to the bar! I am not sure why some of the reviews here are so negative..hey, it's LA...people don't have attitude, they just all want to be the best and best looking (and what's wrong with that ;)? We also did not care that we didn't get any special upgrades although our rates were $300. All rooms are suites and since the weather is gorgeous, who needs more than a one bedroom suite anyway? I actually want to commend the hotel for hiring staff that is very helpful, friendly AND good looking! More power to them! Like I said, we had a wonderful time and will stay here everytime and tell all my friends and coworkers to forget about high tea and ancient butlers at the stuffy Four Seasons and live it up at the ultra-glam W with some sassy martinis and sexy staff!  
<Date>Nov 27, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>liar liar I brought 14 people to this hotel for 9 days. Half of them were clients. I was assured that we would be thrilled with the hotel and it's service. Since we were paying for a total of 126 room nights, my expectations were high. I was promised special rooms for 3 of my party. Instead, I had to fight with the staff for the promised upgrades. The new it restuarant never opened. The elevators took 15 minutes to arrive. I can not even imagine how awful the safety is for the guests. The lobby is pitch black and people are just wandering in and out with no-one paying any attention to who was going where. The rooms were dirty and every morning your shower filled up to your ankles with water that won't drain. Back to the Four Seasons!  
<Date>Nov 24, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TReviewer
<Content>Will never return We stayed here for three nights. First we were very happy that the front desk assigned us a room on the top floor facing the pool. We soon realized this was a big mistake. Our top floor room was very close to the main compressor. With the air-conditioning not working in our room (the front desk told us it was broken and couldn鈥檛 be fixed), we were forced to sleep with the window open. We tried to fall asleep but the super loud noise from the compressor made it impossible. In addition, our room only had one dinning room chair for both of us to relax... Also the wall was thin.... Also it costs $35.00 for overnight parking.... We can go on and on about this hotel. The quality of the services and the standard of the rooms for WLA are not even three stars.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Writer46
<Content>What a disappointment! Just returned from an extended stay (9 nights) at this hotel and was really ''saddened' by the experience. Here is this beautiful property where a fortune has been spent on a face lift for the former Westwood Marquis. The suites are all done in W style--which I think lacks personality and could use some splashes of color--color which is strangely absent from this hotel in its entirety. I question whether the furniture was completely new due to the rather staggering number of stains on the upholstery in both rooms I had. I had one of the larger suites--three rooms--a living room, bedroom and office--which face the rear of the hotel and was much more quiet and serene than anything facing the street or overlooking the pool area....which was the fate of several of my co-workers. This is a scene hotel--the lobby bar is packed with pretty young things and there are a steady stream of hipper than thou young people who party hearty. You'd do well to avoid any room on a lower floor in front or overlooking the pool. The noise is such that one of my co-workers had to be moved in the middle of the night.But the problem here isn't the rooms with their excellent beds-- it's the service or almost complete lack of it. I came home at 8:00 to find two maids in the room giving it the first housekeeping service of the day! There is no turndown service at all which might solve the ice shortage... I waited up to 45 minutes for ice from room service The only competent service is in the Parking Garage...everyone else gives attitude and looks pretty and that's about it. One bellman promised to look after two things for me and never appeared again. The other problem here is that the the menu is extremely limited and unchanging from brunch to lunch to dinner. What is served is certainly passable but no one would want to eat there 9 days straight which was our fate. The main restaurant, which we were assured would be open, was not. The outdoor restaurant is the only option and in the flooding rains of last week, was forced indoors to take up a position in some conference rooms on the second floor. There tables were set for 8 and 12 so you were forced to sit with strangers--not my idea of a good time. The only option to this unattractive arrangement was room service and the delays were horrific -- 45 minutes for abowl oif cereal and juice and this with a 20% service charge attached to it. Amazingly, one young bartender told me that they had staffed up in preparation for the opening of the restaurant. Why these waiters weren't pressed into service to cope with the room service is beyond me. This really is a sad state of affairs at a hotel that could be so much better. I think service in this Hotel seems to suffer from the fact that there is only one professional waiter (Moses) in the bunch--the rest are all incredibly cute boys and girls who clearly have no intention of staying longer than it takes to pay for their head shots. I do feel badly about writing this. But it's just a dirty rotten shame that this place hasn't got its act together. If I were W management, I wouldn't allow this place to denigrate my brand the way it does. I'll wait here to read whether it ever lives up to its potential.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2004
<Rating>2	3	4	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>diving4gold
<Content>Hated It! Don't bother wasting your money on this one. Overpriced  overrated. The staff have their noses in the air and couldn't care less about customer service. I was stuck in a room with a malfunctioning shower and couldn't be moved as the hotel was full.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2004
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Rob1233
<Content>Disgraceful Some of the staff were very kind and helpful, but this hotel was a complete waste of money. The rooms are adequate, but the walls are paper thin, the traffic noise from outside is terrible (no double glazing) and it was especially disappointing to hear the staff cleaning the next-door room at midnight with the stereo on full-tilt!The pool staff are hilariously bad, way too cool to actually do their job and find somewhere for you to sit - prefer to just grunt at people and tell people where they can't sit!Reading other reviews, it seems to be a regular occurrence to close the swimming pool and the bar down for private events, leaving nowhere for the guests to go. Indeed when we stayed there a couple of weeks ago, the whole hotel was taken over by a film crew and we were even banished from the lobby!!Would never go back.the W hotel in San Diego is decent, though..  
<Date>Aug 30, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JCSide
<Content>Wish I stayed longer Stayed here for one night only after flying to LAX, before driving to Las Vegas the next day.I wish we had more time here. I found the atmosphere very relaxed, and the environment very pleasant. The hotel was in a fairly quiet neighbourhood.Lobby, restaurant and bar are very nicely presented. We had drinks in the bar (great but pricey), and also breakfast in the restaurant, which couldn't be faulted.Pity we didn't have time to use the pool area, but that looked stunning.Our junior suite room was clean and well decorated, bathroom was large and nicely appointed.Staff were efficient but not stuck up. They all seemed to be models and made us feel a bit unglamourous though !I would come here again but need a while to save up the cash !  
<Date>Jul 5, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Expensive with attitude!! Plain and simple...overpriced!! Restaurant/Bar is being renovated which is by far the best reason to stay here. It normally has great atmosphere and good drinks, albeit expensive. However on this stay, hotel staff kept their renovation quiet. Staff seem to have a chip on their shoulder. Pool area is nice place to have a drink. Hotel rooms are full of amenities, but room had a 'curious' smell, and mini fridge did not work. Overall, would recommend to visit the bar for a cocktail, but stay somewhere cheaper.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect location! We stay here about four or five times a year when we visit our daughter at UCLA. The location simply cannot be beat -- you can walk to UCLA and to great restaurants in Westwood. We always stay in a suite on an upper floor with wonderful views of downtown LA. So far, our rooms have been very quiet and comfortable. Yes, the atmosphere is a bit Hollywood, but that's part of the fun. This is Westwood/Bel Air, after all. Rent the movie Win a Date with Tad Hamilton -- some of the movie was filmed at the hotel.   
<Date>Jun 12, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not as Good as it Used to Be I stayed here about ten years ago back when this was the Westwood Marquis. Then, it had lovely Oriental and Asian accents, my room was a suite with separate dining area, a large bedroom, and Asian objets d'art in the glass encased cabinet in the dining room area. Now, Ian Schrager of Studio 54 fame has revamped this into an ultra modern, hip, place of wonder. Wasn't terrible, but definitely prefer the more elegant Westwood Marquis of yesterday.  
<Date>May 1, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Something special On a recent business trip I was upgraded to an incredible 2-bed, 2-bath suite with an office and a huge lounge area. As I was interviewing people the following day this was invaluable. The staff were especially friendly and very efficient. The location of the hotel in a quiet neighbourhood is perfect for getting away from the bustle of the city, but it's close enough to many of the fun parts of L.A. to make it a good base.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Alternative scene If you want a very cool, LA place to stay, the W is great. But I found it cold and empty and sterile. Drinks are overpriced ($12 martinis). Rooms are small. You may see a rap star or two, but that's about it in terms of excitement. Far from Sunset bars. Westwood is ok for a night, but gets old so if you don't have a car don't stay at the W. If you are visiting kids at UCLA and don't mind overpaying, then the W is the nicest walking distance hotel. But the Hilgard House across the street probably will give you everything you need for a third of the price.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>W - stands for WHAT THE ..........???????? We are a family of 4 and stayed at the W Los Angeles in a two bedroom suite.The furniture must have come from an IKEA sale. What little furniture there was, was either torn or did not work. It is desperate for a renovation.The wall are made of paper, not great if you don't like to hear the next door apartment at 5:00am turning on their tv.There is no soundproofing from the street and you can hear any car passing by.The service at the poolside restarvice was pathetic to say the least. Ontop of this, every single chair around the pool was booked for a private event, so screw the paying guests.We were booked in for 4 nights but barely made it through one. Even after they gave us the night free we still felt ripped off.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Totally AWESOME!   showReview(1512494, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 11, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Never Again   showReview(1499416, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 26, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>GreenStarfish
<Content>The MOST comfortable beds ever!   showReview(1423880, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 27, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>GREEDY   showReview(1344702, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 18, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>HongKongMember
<Content>Look elsewhere for good service.   showReview(1273307, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 4, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Unbelievable   showReview(1224698, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 13, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not Whatever, Whenever...    showReview(1027483, 'full');   
<Date>May 24, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Can't Beat the W!!   showReview(993308, 'full');   
<Date>May 9, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>The place stinks ! Find another hotel !   showReview(499395, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 10, 2002
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>W Los Angeles   showReview(344363, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 24, 2001
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇倱銇炽倞銇с亶銈嬨儵銈般偢銉ャ偄銉兗銉涖儐銉?#x201d;   showReview(19168553, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 7, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>mplisson
<Content>Un s茅jour splendide   showReview(12485655, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 10, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

