<Author>2Midwest
<Content>Great pick in Seattle Not quite in downtown Seattle (which is a plus). Close to the great REI Co-op store, Capitol Hill, and downtown. Too close to I-5 as some of the rooms can be noisy (although not the one I had). Room includes good breakfast buffet and free use of the 24 Hour Fitness across the street. I've stayed everywhere in Seattle (budget to mid-priced) and this is one of my favorites. Close to convention center bus line stop (take 194 to the airport for $2.25)--soon to be a subway line.  
<Date>Dec 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	3	5	5	4	

<Author>ams
<Content>Impressed by Springhill Suites My sister  I sepnt 2 nights here and were impressed by the hotel. Upon arrival in the morning, we were offered a free breakfast while the friendly desk clerk checked to see whether any rooms were immediately available for us. No room was free so early, so our bags were stored while we left to expore the city.While not right downtown, the hotel is an easy 5-10 minutes walk from many locations in the city. It's exceptionally close to the huge REI flagship store and a few minutes' walk (up/downhill) from a Whole Foods packed with delicious supper options should you prefer to 'eat in'. The 'suite' we had was quite small and the beds were fairly wedged in, but this allowed us to have a small sofa as well as a desk and kitchen area - all facilities we appreciated having. The selection at the free breakfast buffet was impressive and the dining area was nicely set out with plenty of space to enjoy your meal. Overall, we were impressed with our stay at the Springhill Suites - it provided an excellent base from which to explore the city and the facilities included meade it excellent value for money.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	3	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>hydepark
<Content>First time at Springhill Suites This was my 1st time at Springhill Suites. It looks nicer than it does on the hotel website. It has a nice lobby and my floor was kept impeccably clean. I paid $149 a night, which I thought was a lot, but when I saw the room, which was partitioned into separate areas for the bathroom, bedroom, desk, living room and kitchen, I thought it was very good value. The hotel is located seven blocks from downtown Seattle and the Space Needle, and some Tripadvisor reviewers were correct in saying that parts of the area near the hotel are not the most pleasant. I encountered a beggar who swore at me.I could see a glimpse of the Space Needle from my room in the daytime and at night. Check-in was nice, I was given a warm welcome, along with a map of Seattle. But the keys to my room did not work and I had to get them reactivated, front desk gave me a voucher for a free drink. Room service was promoted, but was disappointing. I ordered fish and chips, the fish tasted like it was still in the freezer. Also, the hotel offered to book a town car to the airport and said it would be a fixed rate of $35, but turned out to be $40.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	3	4	5	1	5	

<Author>Adam1222
<Content>Best hotel ive stayed in in a long time Wow, some people on here clearly never travel. Oh my god- a urban hotel only has valet parking, and they charge $20 for it! The room isn't as palacial as my exurban mcmansion bedroom! What is this double bed? GASP There isn't a cheesecake factory across the street!But seriously folks, this hotel is phenomenal. Even as a priceline guest ($70!), they gave me early checkin at 9:30am, though I only asked if i could check my bag in come back. The rooms are quite comfortable, and standard size. Housekeeping keeps the rooms and all common areas immaculate. Free bottle of water in the room, and free wifi.Free Wall st Journal and Seattle Times Intelligencer in the lobby, free USA Today to your door, free coffee 24 hrs/day, and the nicest free breakfast Ive ever seen at a hotel. Make your own belgian waffles, potatoes, eggs, bacon, pastries, bagels, cereals, juices. My only complaint is the breakfast room is a little small, so I chose to take my food up to my room and eat at the couch and coffee table rather than share a table with strangers.Didnt eat at the restaurant onsite, but the prices looked very reasonable, as did the happy hour bar. There is a subway restuarant and starbucks across the street, and an italian fast food place. Smoothie place and minimart around the corner, and ethiopian and american restaurants within 5 blocks. But ALL of downtown Seattle is within a 20 minute walk. Theres a whole foods market and complex of restaurants about 5 minutes away. Pike Place, which is on the complete other end of the city is about 20 minutes away. Belltown, Capitol Hill bars, etc, all 20 minutes or less. This location is phenomenal. No safety concerns at all. The area is up and coming with a lot of lofts etc being built. But it wasnt a bad neighborhood before, just a mostly commercial/industrial.Finally, in addition to a fine fitness center onsite, complimentary access to a HUGE AMAZING 24-hr fitness directly across the street. All you do is show your ID, hotel key, and sign a waiver. wow. great.Bottom line: great location, great amenities, great value. If you are the Princess and the Pea, or aren't familiar with how to navigate cities more than 3 blocks in size, then maybe not for you.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>thebigsub
<Content>never again until they change the bedding Stayed here end of september for one night,sheets and pillow cases worn to bits, and creased like one star.Complained to the management, and the car parking was taken off my bill.Very dissapointed with thebedding standard for $240 with tax Never again,.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	1	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>traveler50123
<Content>Excellent We got this hotel on the Seattle Supersaver for 3 nights at the beginning of September, 2008. It proved to be an excellent choice. The hotel is modern and clean with a nice lobby and bar. The indoor swimming pool and whirlpool were great. The towels were provided, the water in the whirlpool was at just right temperature. There was a computer room on the ground floor with free internet access, two computers and a printer. Access provided with the room 鈥渒ey鈥?(electronic card). All free of charge.The check-in and out was a breeze. The room was decent size with king size bed, living area with sofa, and a kitchenette. Everything worked fine. We did not use kitchenette. Excellent buffet breakfast was provided, and we did not feel like cooking dinners there. Fridge came handy though to store some drinks. It is true that there are no restaurants nearby, but a walk to downtown takes only about 20 minutes, and the selection there is very good. There was also free coffee in the lobby 24h a day, usually of quite decent quality and relatively fresh. Starbucks is across the street for more sophisticated brew.The area around hotel is not particularly pleasant and some may feel a bit uneasy in the evening. A lot better though than other areas in Seattle, for example around Pioneer Square. The Highway 5 is just outside the hotel. It is a bit noisy, but did not bother us, even that our room was on the highway side.Hotel charges extra for parking, but we did not have a car so we did not care.There is a free shuttle to downtown, but only every hour, and by reservation. We did not use this service. We walked everywhere. Both: downtown, and space needle area are only about 20 minutes walk from the hotel. Overall it was a great place to stay, and we would recommend it to anyone.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Awesomenshvlguy
<Content>Nice hotel, difficult to find I booked this hotel through Priceline and was very pleased to score a room for $70 dollars. The hotel is not in the center of downtown Seattle, but more on the outside of the city, next to Interstate 5. That was not a problem for me, especially since the price for most downtown hotels is more than double or triple what I paid. Even at this location, we were more than able to walk to Seattle Center, Pike Place Market and the waterfront within 20-30 minutes or so. The hotel has a shuttle that picks up hourly from several places downtown which we took back to the hotel after navigating the downtown area. We stayed at this hotel the night before heading to Victoria, British Columbia, on the Victoria Clipper. We were able to drive from the hotel to the Clipper dock at Pier 69 within 15 minutes easily.The room was incredibly clean and spacious. I had requested a King room, but was given a double queen, which is not a big deal. The sitting area was large, with a comfortable couch, microfridge and microwave. The bed was comfortable, with plenty of pillows. The bathroom was spacious and exceptionally clean. The Neutrogena bath products were very nice.Another perk of the hotel is that there is a 24 hr fitness gym across the street which allows hotel guests entry. I did not use the gym, but it looked nice from outside. The downsides to this hotel is that it was next to the interstate and traffic was very loud. If you require a quite room, this is not the place for you. Also, the hotel is not that easy to find because of several one way streets. Thankfully I had a GPS.Another downside is that since it is on the outskirts, there are not many places to walk to have dinner or lunch. The area seems to be an area that is slowly building up and in a few years will probably have many places, but the closest place to eat was Paddy Coynes Irish Pub about 3 or 4 blocks away. I would be a little concerned about walking in the area after dark, since its so out of the way.Overall, I was pleased with the hotel.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>SarahSueNW
<Content>Do not give them your credit card information! I had called this hotel July 21st to make a reservation for our Labor Day weekend stay, and the reservation went pretty smoothly...However, when I showed up to check in with my party and my luggage on the day of our reservation, they had no record of my reservation. They had managed to completely lose my name, my confirmation number, and any record of my phone call EXCEPT for my credit card number! They did have that recorded - UNDER A DIFFERENT NAME AND A DIFFERENT RESERVATION DATE! How this happened, I have really no idea, but the idea of them taking my credit card information is very frightening. That was the one piece of information they did manage to hang onto after mysteriously losing all of my contact information as well as my confirmation number! Well after telling me all this, of course they didn't have another room for me, since they were fully booked. They left us hanging on the Friday night of Labor Day weekend in downtown Seattle with no place to stay. I called today, after returning from my trip, and spoke to a manager to file a complaint. She was absolutely no help to me, and just said over and over wow, I don't know how that happened. She did not offer me any sort of compensation for the expensive hotel we finally found while searching around Seattle after they refused us a room. Needless to say, I am never going there again, and I would advise future Seattle travelers to stay away - and DO NOT give them your credit card information!  
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>1	1	-1	-1	-1	1	1	-1	

<Author>Doc707
<Content>Far Out My wife and I decided to take a vacation to Seattle. Apparently, the entire population of North America had the same idea. The closest I could get to downtown was this SpringHill Suites. I wish we'd just chosen another city or another time.The suite was small, as with all such hotels of this sort, but was clean. As other reviewers have pointed out, there was some noise. The breakfast was excellent. The bed was hard as a rock and the pillows were abominable--even the replacements we asked them to give us. Free internet access was nice. Our main problem--it was a half- to three-quarter mile walk to any really decent restaurant. And the walk led through a questionable neighborhood. I was negatively impressed by the location, and would not stay here again.Oh, yes. We had a car (parked at $20 per night), but parking in downtown Seattle is a proble,, and quite expensive.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	1	3	3	3	4	

<Author>H2Odivr
<Content>Great hotel in Downtown Seattle Booked this hotel through SeattleSupersaver website for one night before a cruise. It was great! We got a $139 weekend rate which was lower than any other decent downtown hotel. It was a little further out than most hotels but was not a bad walk, even to the Pike Place Market. The hotel was very clean and well-kept and the staff was quite helpful and friendly. The bed was comfy. There is even a washer and drier, which we used due to something spilling in our suitcase. There is nothing to eat really close but a nice mall with restaraunts 10 or so blocks away. i would recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>timidtravelerUs
<Content>Good location if downtown is not your only focus. This hotel was a good value. When we arrived we were booked on one of top floors, on the I-5 side of hotel. This room seemed too noisy for us, so we asked for and received a room change to a west side room. This was less noisy. This hotel is on busy streets and very near a highway, so it isn't the most quiet hotel. Still the west side room was fine and we slept well.The beds and linens were very comfortable. I wish the pillows were a bit firmer, but they were fine. Neutrogena body products were nice. Free wireless access, and a nice business center for printing, etc., also free. Access to nice gym across the street.The breakfast was great. There was fruit, waffles, oatmeal and other cereals, sausage, bacon and eggs, and the standard continental breakfast breads. Nice coffee and juice. I really appreciated the location. It is a doable walk both to Seattle Center and downtown. We had a car ( 20$ parking), and it was a breeze to get on highway and get to farther places. Seattle has a great bus system, too.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>rabocse
<Content>Decent hotel and worth it Location: Hotel is somewhat far from the actual downtown area. It is situated near the I-5 and REI. If you have a car, you can get to Pike Place Market, Seattle Aquarium, Argosys cruise, the Space Needle  other points of interests downtown in 5-7 mins. If you'd rather walk, then it's a good 20-25 mins. Suite: Rooms were spacious with two TVs and a separate sit-in area w/ microwave  fridge (always a plus in my family!!!). Beds were very comfortable. My husband had a restful sleep! Food: Delicious hot breakfast buffet, which was plentiful  fabulous! Loved the waffles w/ peach fruit topping! Only drawback was the dining area was crowded, overflow crowds had to sit in the lounge area. Check out the Crab Pot at Pike Place - long wait but the seafood was worth it!There's a Starbucks and Subway fast food place across the street. A 24-hr. Fitness gym across the street as well.Front desk staff very helpful. Only drawback was we asked for wake-up call and no one woke us up. Pool (although small) was relaxing late at night. Transportation: Around Seattle, we parked our car across the street from Ivar's at Pike Place Market for all day parking ($25). Convenient buses everywhere. Took the bus to get to Space Needle, Seattle Center, and the monorail to downtown's shopping district. Only walked 2-3 blocks to get to PPM.Purchased the Seattle GoCard for added savings on attractions for family.Overall, next time we're in Seattle will definitely stay at Springhill Suites Marriott downtown!  
<Date>Jul 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	4	4	

<Author>MrsOdie
<Content>Great value Myself and 2 girlfriends of mine stayed at this hotel for a long weekend in June. We all shared a room with 2 double beds and 1 pull-out sofa bed. My only complaint about the room would be that if it was just even 1 foot deeper, it would be been perfect. When the sofabed is pulled out it touches the other two beds so you have to climb over it to get to the bathroom. Other than that, the room was a good size and was just right for us.We arrived late on a Thursday night and to my chagrin there was no linen bundle for the sofa bed. I rang the front desk and had everything I needed in less than 5 minutes. The following morning I rang to request extra towels and had those delivered to me as well in under 5 minutes.Breakfast was included, which was a huge plus. On offer were both hot  cold items of every description, both healthy and not so healthy foods, there was even a waffle station! We were extremely satisfied with the breakfast and found it to be tremendous value.The beds (even the pull-out) were very comfortable and the linens were soft and cozy.I found all the staff to be pleasant and very helpful. We did not use the hotel's shuttle service, so I cannot comment on that. We walked everywhere and if we were tired at the end of the day we hailed a cab. The location of the hotel is good, but do you need to walk (or use the hotel shuttle service). It took us about 15 minutes to walk to the Space Needle and about the same to get to the waterfront. Keep in mind that Seattle is very hilly, so be prepared for that.We booked our room through the hotel's website directly, which was the same price as Expedia. After all was said and done in terms of taxes, it was $218 a night, which I think is great for 3 people in a city.All 3 of us were very pleased with this hotel and I would certainly stay there again or try any other Springhill Suites hotel in any other location.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Eddiechuck
<Content>Great Stay over the week of the 4th Priceline $70/night...couldn't beat it for downtown. OK, so it was a bit out of downtown, but we still walked!. We're both 55 and found no trouble walking to and from Safeco Field. One day we caught the hotel shuttle to Westlake Center, then hoofed it. Another day we did catch a free bus from downtown, (remember the city bus is free as long as you're in the yellow part of town....get a map!). Other 2 games we walked back and forth. How far is it? Far, but how far ,I don't know. You can get there in a half hour. So if we can walk to Safeco, you can get to the Market or the Space Needle.Some reviews mentioned noise from I-5. A week b4 we arrived I called and requested a room away from it. I was told that rooms would be assigned the day of arrival, but that my request would be entered. It was, and we got a room away from the freeway.The room was great, but the breakfast each morning, was even better. Just about anything you can imagine, within reason. No omelets, fired eggs or pancakes, but just about everything else: waffles, hard boiled eggs, scrambled eggs, bagels, cold/hot cereal, fruit, sausage, bacon, juice, milk, coffee 24/7. This place can't be beat. I don't care what anyone says!!  
<Date>Jul 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CapeCodSmiley
<Content>Great hotel - great service - great price !! I am shocked that anyone would rate this hotel less than excellent. The staff was wonderful, the rooms clean, breakfast delicious, the shuttle was handy and the health club across the street was awsome. Sure you can pay $250+ and be right downtown, but if you don't mind walking 10-12 minutes to all the major sites this is the place to stay. We took advantage of their free shuttle which runs on the hour for some trips, but it was very easy just to walk. I left a few things behind and the housecleaning staff placed it in their safe until I was able to pick it up a week later when our Alaskan cruise was over. I am a light sleeper and asked for a room in the front of the building on the 10th floor and slept through the night. They even arranged a $7 shuttle ride to the docks for us. Free internet use was a added bonus. I have already recommended this hotel to friends going to Seattle.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>KellyAnneinNJ
<Content>Great stay at the Springhill Suites We stay at the Springhill Suites 5/15-5/18, spending a few days in Seattle prior our Alaskan cruise. I guess we are not the only cruis goers that know about this hotel. Sunday morning it was swamped with cruisers checking in oand out! We enjoyed our stay immensely. The fab rate we got from Priceline made it a steal, we paid just $75.00 a night. What a bargin for this hotel, a full hot breakfast included everyday and a shuttle service that got us around. A major concern for us was transportation to the Pier for our cruise. I looked into to shuttle, cabs, Towncars, etc. prior to leaving an found various fare, all as around $35++. This seemed crazy since the hotel is less than 3 miles from the Pier. I inquired at the front desk and they made arrangement on a shuttle for us at just $4.50 a person! Again what a steal. Another couple staying at the Springhill Suites called a cab, we beat them to the Pier and they paid $35 plus a tip. The hotel staff was great, extremely friendly and very knowledgable.I read other reviews and was a little concerned about the noise. Other members of our party are light sleepers. No complaints regarding the noise. They did mention the drapery issue, and the early morning sunlight. Turns out they did not see the cords room darkening drapes, no problem after we showed them!We definitely enjoyed our stay and visit again!  
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>AuntieAnne22
<Content>Very Nice Hotel This is a nice hotel in close proximity to downtown, Safeco field, etc. Our room was spacious and had nice amenities--coffeemaker with coffee/condiments, iron and board, blowdryer, refrigerator, etc. Check in and out were both smooth. We requested a crib--someone brought it, set it up, and put sheets on it...WOW. Though it is a residence type hotel, the service is great, decor is nice, and they even have great room service.  
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>kellyjam
<Content>Nice Place After reading the reviews I requested a room away from the the the Interstate but to be honest all sides of the hotel are bordered by city streets. At night there were sirens, motorcycles etc. It was as loud as staying in a Manhattan hotel. So if you are looking for a quiet nights sleep you might be disappointed. The room was nice and the bed was VERY firm. They give you these half pillows. There are about 8 on the bed but I couldn't get used to them. The toilet was clogged the first time we used it but housekeeping was there 5 minutes after we called them.The breakfast which was included was outstanding. You had the waffle iron, eggs, bacon,sausage,cereal, toast ,bagels, english muffins, toast, fruit and fruit juices,yogurt,danish and of course coffee. (Hazelnut,regular and decaf.) I had no problem ever getting a table. I figured this saved me $20 bucks a day for my wife and myself. The staff are super friendly and efficient. They have a cocktail lounge were you can get appetizers and a happy hour from 4-7. I had the friends and family rates of $89 a night and no car so I didn't have to deal with parking. Their shuttle service takes you to the Westlake Center and the Space Needle on the hour. ( It would be nice if they added a stop at Pikes Market.) You can also call them for pick up service as well. You are about a mile from the Westlake center and 2 miles to Pike's Market. You can catch a bus outside the hotel which takes you downtown, but beware nobody in Seattle including the Bus drivers know how this system works. I had three large books which I got on various buses and mine still weren't listed in them. There are hundreds of buses in this city. You only can buy an All Day pass on the bus on the weekends. During the week you have to find an outlet that sells them, the location of which, seems to be a State secret. However I must say everyone is cheerfully willing to give you advice so it was hard for me to get mad for incorrect advice because Seattlians are so nice.There are a lot of hills in the city but if you like walking this hotel is a great choice because you are no more than 2 miles from anything. I would certainly stay there again.  
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>funmomwithteens
<Content>Disappointed Stayed at Springhill Suites last night while in town for Supercross race at Qwest stadium. Got a great rate, with taxes and valet parking fee $103., but still not worth it IMO. The front desk people were great, gave me keys to 2 rooms to check out the noice level, I selected a room on the back side of the 9th floor which had a view of the sound, which was nice. The drapes are only for looks as they do not close (why?), so at about 5am the room started to light up, and though the noice from the Interstate was not loud enough to wake us up it was loud enough to keep us awake combined with the lit up room! The $21.78 manditory valet parking was a pain, we called ahead, our car was there when we came down but we had to wait for a long time to get the keys because they were so unorganized. Marriott has been consistently one of our favorite places to stay around the US, but not this one.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	2	4	5	3	4	

<Author>bkem
<Content>Pretty great This hotel was an awesome deal! We booked through seattlesupersaver.com and it was only $100 a night for king suites! It's in sort of a random spot but it's a quick walk, shuttle ride or cab ride to downtown stuff. They have a shuttle that leaves the hotel once an hour and it was only $6-8 for a cab ride to other neighborhoods.The rooms were big and clean and and the hot breakfast buffet was great.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	2	5	4	5	5	

<Author>pharmernicole
<Content>Great Experience All Around.. Taking other posters' advice, we called ahead to request a room NOT on the interstate side of the hotel, and they gladly complied. We arrived late on a Friday night .. room was clean, quiet, and nice. Our room had a king size bed, jack and jill bathroom, pullout sofa, and sink, mini-fridge and microwave.Breakfast in the morning was great -- Saturday morning was a little busy, there were not enough tables for the quantity of people at breakfast so we had to take our breakfast back to the room to eat it -- lots to choose from: waffles, bagels, cereal, eggs, sausage, bacon, fruit, cottage cheese, coffee, tea, juice, milk.. Location was right off I-5, great for drivers -- my husband and I did alot of walking to see the sights and we decided it was almost too far to walk downtown or to the waterfront. We did it twice -- took about 25 minutes. Starbucks across the street (of course!!) , Subway across the street as well .. REI is less than 2 blocks away, a nice place to see closeby! Hotel bar closed at 11pm on Saturday night, seemed odd.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>HBowen
<Content>Not bad if you're with kids We stayed here for 3 nights and overall had a good, but not great, experience. The first day we were there, we left the privacy sign on the hotel room door to allow the kids to sleep in for a bit. Left the room at 11am, and removed the sign. The room was not cleaned that day. The breakfast was excellent although the line up for the buffet and waffles sometimes reached the back of the room. On 2 of the 3 mornings, I left the kids upstairs and stood in the line up and brought the breakfast back to the room since there was no seating in the restaurant. The room itself (on the 4th floor) was spacious, and facing the highway. We had no problem sleeping and didn't find it noisy. We appreciated the microwave and fridge in the room. Also, even though it wasn't a true suite (seperate rooms), it had 2 TVs which was appreciated!!. The pool is small, but ideal with kids as the deepest it gets is 4'6. The staff were friendly and courteous, allowing us to add an extra night for the same rate we'd already booked in at. We walked to the monorail with 2 children under 8 in about 10mins and cabbed it to Pike Place the next day ($8 including tip). Great location close to amenities for the price. I would stay there again for a vacation with the kids. Wouldn't choose it for a romantic weekend though.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	2	4	4	4	3	

<Author>robstrash
<Content>Great stay We stayed here for 1 week and enjoyed it. My wife had a conference at the convention center Sun-Wed and I worked from the hotel room. The chair, desk, and free wired internet were fine and I had no problems. The mini-fridge was nice to have too. We didn't use the 24 hour fitness directly across the street but it was free with room card. We did use the hotel pool/hot tub and it was nice. It was only 10-15 minute walk to the convention center if you weren't able to take the hotel shuttle that only left on the hour. We did have a room on the 5th floor that faced the highway (I-5 is very close). The traffic was somewhat loud, but I didn't find it very disturbing. I always bring earplugs when staying in hotels and slept fine with them in. If you are sensitive to noise, you should request a room that does not face I-5. The only real complaint I had was it was all one big room. I guess I am used to Embassy Suites where the bedroom is separated by a wall and door. You could not have one person sleep and another watch TV since the TV was between the bed and couch (with 1/2 wall between them). The breakfast was surprisingly good. You could make your own waffles and they even had fruit and whipped cream toppings along with maple and boysenberry syrup. They had 5+ types of cereal, several types of breads and toasters, bacon, sausage, oatmeal, fruit, and milk/juices/coffee daily. Some days they even had pancakes, but not every day. Overall, a nice hotel with free internet and free breakfast downtown. I would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>golfnsail
<Content>Great Value The Springhill Suites was a pleasant surprise. It was very clean, rooms were spacious with a mini fridge and a microwave. A free hot breakfast every morning, and most of all the friendliest staff I have encountered in a long time. They also have an arrangement to use the facilities at the 24 hour gym across the street free of charge. I would suggest not renting a car since driving and parking in Seattle is a total disaster, plus you end up spending a small fortune on parking no matter where you go. They have an hourly free shuttle that goes to the Space Needle and shopping area, and from there you can catch the monorail. I would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Alaskabound2
<Content>Good rooms but very noisy at night Its a late review but it won't change the fact that the location of certain rooms expose you to a LOT of noise. The rooms facing the freeway are simply to noisy to be able to any sleep in. We stayed two nights prior to boarding our cruise to Alaska in 2007. We didn't get much sleep even with headphones on (for me) and earplugs (my mom) in out attempt to drown out the car noise outside of our windows. The rooms were clean and the microwave and fridge were convenient but the noise undermined any positive aspects of this place. AVOID rooms by the freeways if you can.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>conchshelle
<Content>quick 2 day getaway Stayed at the Springhill Marriot and had a great experience. The shuttle would drop off/pick up every hour at 3 main locations in the city. We had a rental car but never really used it. There is only valet serive at 18 dollars a day so be forwarned. Great servie, friendly staff. We did the Duck tour which was really fun. Land and water vehicle tour that had a very fuuny talented guide. Would recommed to do a tour first day so that you can get a better feel of the city. The Space needle is a must do but the dinner was very expensive and not really worth the cost. Howver if you have never been in a building with a rotating floor its quite amazing. Only the resturant portion moves. I full rotation ever 47 minutes. Make reservations or go really early (opens at 5p)Pike's Place market is where all the mom and pop shops are and the 1st starbucks. Also, they throw the fish there. All resturants were good and we particular;y like the WIld Ginger for an asian theme of food. Overall great time we got rained on the first day but otherwise very friendly, amazing city.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JimMcSlim
<Content>Comfortable and not really that far from the city Stayed here for a few nights over NYE. On the basis of some of the other reviews I thought it would take ages to walk to the main part of Seattle's shopping district + Pike Place Market, but realistically at a swift pace it will take you maybe 15 minutes... perhaps the other reviewers aren't so keen on walking. You can get to the Space Needle in less than 30 on foot.The room was clean and comfortable. The noise from the highway wasn't too bad but we were in a room back from that side of the building.The free broadband access was great. The complementary breakfast was also good but I found the plastic plates and cutlery to be a bit cheap not to mention wasteful.I second other reviewers' suggestion to book through Seattle Super Saver to get the best deal, I saved a mint compared to Expedia.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	3	3	4	5	

<Author>Ediver
<Content>Average stay at the Springhill Suites We stayed at the Marriott Springhill Suites from November 21-24. We drove from California-terrible traffic from Salem to Vancouver WA. Arrived at 9:30pm. We were immediately helped from our car, however, there was no one to bring up our luggage so my husband brought a luggage cart to the car to unload. Since we had been driving for a long time, we sort of had things all over the car. The vallet was sort of in a hurry to park our car and we were unable to remove everything. By the time we got to our room we realized we were missing several items. We had to wait for the vallet to come back and then ask for the keys and directions to our car. We then had to hand carry many items to the room. The room was nice. However, the sofa bed looked a bit old and tired. Unfortunantly, the beds were only doubles. It was my husband and I and our daughter. All rooms have only double beds unless you order a king room. Most hotel rooms I have stayed in offer two queen beds. Room was very stuffy and there was no way to create a more unstuffy environment, we even turned on the A/C and ran the fan. The toilet was not in very good working order and we had to call housekeeping on several occasions. On Thanksgiving day there was no room service until 5:00pm. We were visiting with family so we wanted some appetizers in the room. We had to go down to the bar and pick these up. Also, not much space in the room to eat. The breakfast is fair, but very boring with styrofoam plates and plastic silverware. My grandson did enjoy the indoor pool and sauna. That was very nice. Parking $18.00 - when our son and his family came to visit, his parking fee was $10.00. Overall check in and out was very easy, our room was clean, beds comfortable but too small and staff was friendly and helpful. I think on my next trip to Seattle I will look a smaller hotel less commerical hotel.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2007
<Rating>3	2	2	3	3	4	3	4	

<Author>elyette
<Content>North of Downtown but hourly shuttle- teenage son Loved it First of all, if you are sleeping in Seattle, check out Seattlesupersaver.com. It often offers the cheapest rates. It is part of the Seattle Chamber of Commerce. You don't have to pay up front and you can cancel your reservation without penalty.I stayed here in a studio suite with a teenage son. He liked having a pool to check out the chicks. He didn't care that he was in a suite with Mom. He just crashed on the sofa bed. This hotel remains a great value. We had a refrigerator, microwave and kitchen sink area which my teenage boy needed.There is also a hot breakfast included. You can't beat the value. The hotel was spotless and very accommodating. If noise bothers you, ask for a room away from the street. Even a higher floor may not do. Valet parking only and it costs extra. But they do have an hourly shuttle. If you have a car, this is the way to go. It is my third time here, on business, pleasure and with a teenager. Each time, the hotel has been close to perfect. My son only wants to stay at Marriotts. He has been spoiled rotten by them. The only reason I didn't give this a five star is that some folks will find the street noisy and the hotel is not in old downtown. I will point out, however, that the new downtown has moved north and that this hotel is smack in the middle of it. The new businesses tend to be non-retail, except for REI. However, medical and legal offices abound, so if you are staying on business involving one of these industries, you would do well to stay here.Queen Anne and Capitol Hill neighborhoods are conveniently accessible by car. The Shuttle probably stops there as well. Ask the front desk.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>JP3CHICAGO
<Content>Spring hill suprise I stayed here for a meeting in September 07. The location was a little out of the way for a true downtown location. The shuttle services at the Seattle Airport do not stop at this location so I wasforced to take a ride into downtown and then hire a cab to finish the journey. The hotel does have a shuttle that brings you to town about twice an hour. It is an adequate service and needed for this out of the way location. Due to the time change my flight arrived pretty early in the day. When booking I had requested a room to be ready by 10 am so that I would be able to freshen up prior to my meeting. I understand that this is an extra special request for a property at this level. The front desk staff was quite accomodating upon my arrival, noted my request, and found an available room within ten minutes. Imagine my suprise when I found some underwear, used toothpaste, soap, and shampoo still residing in the bathroom that was supposedly ready for my stay. The front desk seemed concerned and quickly arranged to send me to another room. Overall it is just an average property. I think that there may be a better value for the dollar within a few blocks of this hotel.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	1	2	2	3	4	

<Author>wildlife_girl
<Content>Pleasantly Surprised The reviews of this hotel before my trip made it seem like it would be just an average experience. I thought it was great. The room was large and nice. I was on a higher floor so I did not hear any of the street noise despite being right next to the highway. The breakfast goes above and beyond in my opinion for a meal included in your room rate. You can walk to shops downtown but it is not just a couple of blocks away. The hotel shuttle is super convenient and takes you downtown and also to the space needle and they will come pick you up as well. I thought it was definitely worth what they charge.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>rhbrady
<Content>Good Deal 1) The rooms are clean, good size, and very reasonably priced2) The complimentary breakfast is very satisfactory- and its included in your stay! Even better! They have make your own waffles, really good!, hot eggs, potatoes, bacon, sausage, bagels and toast, pastries, fruit, cereal, etc. AWESOME BUFFET FOR FREE...oh, and I need to mention that 24 hrs a day they have hot water and assorted teas, Seattles Best coffee and decaf for free in the lobby.THE ONE DOWNFALL THAT NO ONE WARNED ME ABOUT:The location is only so so. You are right next to a freeway entrance basically - we had a lovely view of the 5...or the 405...whatever it was. One thing the hotel does provide is a shuttle (that runs until 9pm) that goes downtown, to the Space Needle and the Seattle Convention Center on the hour and will pick you up as well about a quarter past the hour. (Downtown is about a 3 minute drive, or about 6 blocks from the hotel - not bad... a cab ride is about $5). Last but not least, there is complimentary internet which is always convenient - and its not hard to connect to, which is a plus as sometimes hotels make it really difficult to access their internet system...Definitely Recommend this hotel b/c the price is so reasonable for all the amenities - I would just recommend possibly looking into other options more centrally located so you can walk out your door and into the heart of downtown- rather than looking out your window at rush hour traffic.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	2	3	3	4	3	

<Author>diverjs
<Content>Great stay and location My 16 year old son and I spent 3 nights at Springhill Suites this August and I highly recommend this property.The front desk staff were fantastic and always ready to help. For example, we had a plumbing issue (our fault not the hotel's) and within minutes it was dealt with and resolved. While it took two calls, it was also 8am Sunday morning during the rush of check-outs, they they still were pleasant and took care of the problem.As for the location - it is a short walk to the convention center and there are countless stores and small malls and eateries within 15 minutes of the door. We never needed a car the entire time. Even on our last day when we missed the final tour bus back from Pikes Place market walk back was maybe 20 minutes (and not at all difficult).The morning breakfast was good - eggs, meat, oatmeal, fresh make-it-yourself waffles with strawberries... Even the coffee was surprisingly good at the breakfast bar (of course, it's Seattle - it better, be).Overall a great stay - for the price, too - and I would go back.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>LesIllinois
<Content>Good value Nice hotel. Bright and clean. Friendly staff. We booked online through Marriott. Got a fair rate in a city where good hotels are expensive. The hotel is removed from the major attractions like Pike Place and the Space Needle. They do have a shuttle. We took it several times. A few times we used a cab. Spent four days and three nights. We are very satisified with our Springhill stay.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	3	

<Author>cheedog
<Content>OK Hotel I stayed here for work the first 2 weeks of August. It is right by I-5, so ask for a quiet room on the opposite side unless you like highway noise. Even the quiet side gets highway noise but you get used to it. There is a large 24-Hour Fitness across the street which the hotel has an agreement with, which was great and convenient as well. There is also a Starbucks next to the gym. Hotel provides free breakfast (eggs, waffles, cereal, fruit, oatmeal, etc.). Rooms are clean and average - small from a suite perspective. I was able to walk from the hotel straight down Stewart Street to the Fish Market in 15 minutes (but I walk fast). There are better\cheaper hotels closer to downtown and free bus stops. If coming for vacation or for a day or 2 - you are better off using Priceline and bidding for a 5 star downtown. Hotel parking is $18 day. I didnt see the cheaper parking lot that others have indicated.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	5	3	3	4	

<Author>TRAVELFREAKONE
<Content>Highly recommend Great hotel... friendly staff... great maid service... Breakfast is included... but... DO NOT let kid's under 12 handle the waffle maker... a young girl got burnt while using it... there should be a sign saying... parental supervision required... or better yet, someone from the kitchen should do the cooking... Be aware... this hotel only has a breakfast restaurant... it is not in the safest area for a relaxed stroll... you can use the shuttle service, which did well by us... Swimming pool is very small... attracts very young rowdy kids...again, there is not much supervision...Computer room has two fast ones!  
<Date>Jul 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ssimon1999
<Content>slept in seattle This property is considered downtown, but is quite a walk (about 25 minutes) to the waterfront area. The staff at the front desk was awesome and very friendly. The shuttle service is the pits...it only takes you halfway towards downtown and then you must walk the rest of the way. One evening we made reservations to be taken by their shuttle at 6:00 p.m. and when we went downstairs the young punk of a shuttle driver was very rude and told us it would be 6:30 before he could take us. It was not handled the right way and he left a very negative impression. Another negative thing about this hotel is the cost to park your car...$18.00 per day for valet. The room was clean and spacious. The location of the hotel is not in the best placeit is close to the bus station and there appeared to be many homeless loiterersOverall it was a nice hotel for the nightly rate of $235.00 to be considered downtown.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>GoWazzu
<Content>Great place on the 4th of July We stay in Seattle a lot and each time we have picked a different place as we never seem to find what we exactly need. Since our kids are grown up, we need a larger room with some privacy. We finally have found our place to stay in Seattle. The rooms are large with enough room and beds to make everyone happy. We walked down to the wharf to watch the fireworks which is only a 30 minute walk. We enjoyed windo shopping at the wharf for the $3M boats and enjoyed great chowder before the fireworks.The Springhill is a bit hard to get to off of the freeway but extremely easy to get on to the freeway. My only issue is that the beds are extremely hard. We laid down a blanket to sleep on the bed to make it a little more comfy. Very nice breakfast buffet but real difficult to find a place to sit. Get there early. The $18 parking fee is a little steep but there is a cheaper parking lot next door if you don't want the valet to handle things. The valet help is awesome as is the front desk. This will be our home in Seattle from now on. Nothing else matches up for the price.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>DebbaJoy
<Content>Great stay at Springhill Suites Stayed here June 28 for 2 nights prior to our Alaskan cruise and one night after the cruise. Room was booked by our tour company and what a pleasant surprise! The staff was great - very accommodating. Our room was a nice size with a mini kitchen. Bathroom was spotless and had a brand new shower head that was just wonderful after a long day of sightseeing. The pool was rather small and in the afternoon seemed to be rather crowded. The fitness room was small also, but all guests of the hotel were welcome to use the 24-hour fitness center just across the street - just show them your room key. Also across the street is a Starbucks, of course! The location was great for us - we don't mind walking. The hotel offers a free shuttle service to the Space Needle, but you have to make reservations for it - we didn't want to be bothered since everything was within walking distance. Pike Place Market and the waterfront were just about a 15-minute walk and a great shopping district just a 10-minute walk. In the Westlake Mall, within the shopping district, you can catch the monorail ($2 each way) to the Space Needle. There was a Whole Foods market also within walking distance that offers a great salad bar and hot food bar if you don't feel like eating out at a restaurant. You could eat in the market or take it back to the hotel. I highly recommend Springhill Suites for a pleasant stay in Seattle.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>perryandanne
<Content>Great Staff My mother and I stayed here for 2 nights June 5 and 6, 2007 before we went to Victoria. The hotel staff was great. We arrived very late around midnight. We enjoyed help with our bags especially after a long day traveling. The room was clean, large and comfortable. We didn't use it but the mini one room suite had a fridge and microwave. When I made the reservations they suggested a wonderful sedan service and for the 35.00usd price we had a sedan meet us at the airport instead of dealing with a taxi at midnight. Over all it was a great hotel and staff was just as friendly as some of the 5 star hotels I have stayed at. When we arrived in Victoria I realized we forgot my binoculers and camera in the room. I called and the hotel staff located them and mailed them back to me (I had to pay for the UPS)  
<Date>Jun 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	3	5	5	5	4	

<Author>kgm0612
<Content>Excellent Stay! My husband and I stayed here from June 7th to the 10th. The hotel and our room was very clean and the staff was very personable. We enjoyed the hot breakfast each morning before heading out to see the sights. The hotel has a shuttle to the Space Needle, but not to Pike's Place, which is about a 10 minute walk.I would stay here again!  
<Date>Jun 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Iain1028
<Content>Great Hotel Excellent location: can walk anywhere from here, a bit of a walk to Pikes and Space needle but doable and good walk too.The room was great and the neutrogena products were a nice touch. The bed was great and so comfortable. Pay the $18 a night for Valet, it is worth not dealing with the hassle.Also, the hot breakfast was great...Wish the bar was open later, last call at 1030 and wish room service was open later, closes at 10pm.I would go back there anytime.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Pat & Linda in central CA
<Content>Nice location My wife and I were in Seattle for a wedding and stayed in the hotel for two nights. The location is convenient with easy access to freeways and local attractions; a few blocks walk to downtown. The room was spacious, clean and quiet. The provided breakfast was very good. Parking is valet only and was $18 plus tax. We enjoyed an excellent dinner at the small Place Pigalle restaurant which is near the end of Pike Street (look for the large brass pig and you're very close).  
<Date>May 19, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Johnny_Bea
<Content>Great Family hotel My family and I stayed at the Springhill Suites hotel in late January, 2007. I was in Seattle on business, and normally do not have my family in tow. We ended up staying only one night here (and two more at a Hilton property located elsewhere) and wish we stayed more nights at the Springhill.Overall, I can't find fault with any aspect of our stay. The best part of this hotel is the complementary shuttle service to and from major attractions. On the hour, a shuttle bus goes downtown, to the Space Needle, etc., saving us a ton of taxi ride cash.The free morning breakfast was above average, with an unexpected nice touch: small bags meant for your to go items (bagels, bananas, yogurt). This, along with the fridge in the room, meant lots of afternoon snacks for the kids.The pool was fine, exercise room seemed very nice (didn't use but did look in), and the staff was pleasant to deal with.Overall, a recommended Seattle hotel.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>UofIx3
<Content>Great for conference I stayed at the hotel for a conference in mid-January.Location had a big positive and some negatives.First, the positive--it's a great hotel if you are attending a conference that's based out of the Washington State Convention  Trade Center. It's about a ten minute walk, albeit up one steep hill.Otherwise, location is not a plus. It's right next to the freeway. My room faced the freeway and there was quite a bit of noise. I'm a heavy sleeper, so it didn't bother me, but it might others. It's also on the edge of the downtown area, so it's a bit sketchy (close to the Greyhound bus terminal for instance).On the other hand, I never waited more than a couple of minutes for a taxi and everything is so close, it would cost less than $10 to get anywhere you needed to downtown,I had a room with a king sized bed on the fifth floor. The room had been recently remodeled (or built). It was in great condition. King sized bed was very supportive, although the sheets were not the most comfortable.Room had free ethernet access to the Internet, as well as a fridge and sink. I never heard any of our neighbors.Free continental breakfast seemed pretty good; I typically grabbed a bagel and headed out the door, but there was a nice spread, including an option to make omelets.I took the taxi from the airport and a taxi/bus combo on the way back to the airport, so I cannot comment on parking or valet service.Good tip to those flying into Seattle--city bus line connects to the airport (http://transit.metrokc.gov/tops/bus/flymetro.html). I took a taxi from this hotel to the bus stop and then a bus to the airport. Taxi drive was about $5 and the fare was $1.25. Great deal.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jwells5108
<Content>Great value, great service, perfect for the price paid This hotel is not meant to be a four or five star property--those of you who want that should look elsewhere and expect to pay more for the level of service you expect. The staff is friendly, the lounge is nice and the happy hour is terrific, and the hotel gives you free access to an excellent gym across the street (plus the hotel has its own gym--pretty cool). This is an excellent business travel hotel--they leave you alone, breakfast is delicious and free, the soaps are high quality, and the location is central, if not just a bit out of the way from the main business area. I am a very light sleeper yet the room I had on the highway didn't bother me t all--the traffic flow is constant--no horns to bother you. The traffic sounds like a regualr window air conditioner--not a bother at all. Other people have written how then had 5 people in the room and were surprised at the lack of services--NO regualr hotel room can accomodate 5 people--these people shoul dhaave gotten two rooms, not one, so its not the hotel's fault that they were unhappy. The shuttle van is also a great value and an excellent service.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	3	5	5	4	5	

<Author>DowneyTraveler
<Content>Okay stay, but not the greatest       Room with 2 double beds  
<Date>Dec 30, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Kyndra
<Content>Nice stay... Nice price...       City  
<Date>Dec 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>prettystella
<Content>comfortable, good value, service lacking! I did enjoy most of the things about my stay here! We paid $99 plus tax for a king suite which was immaculately clean (something i am very picky about) and comfortable and nicely decorated. I liked that there was a bar onsite and we could order room service. We walked around the area a little bit but mostly stayed in the hotel and enjoyed ourselves. The breakfast was nice but I could see how it could get boring after more than a few days! We didn't use the pool at all because it was always busy! I noticed they had a computer area where you can check email which I think is a great amenity! Things I didn't like: At check-in the clerk did not give us any information at all, not even to tell us where our room was or when breakfast was or anything, so I had to call down to the front desk later when I had questions. No opening windows, so no fresh air! The bartender was a complete snob and very rude to not only us but other people in the lounge. He had a major attitude problem! I didn't hear any of the traffic noises that people have complained of, but there seemed to be a fan on in one of the rooms around us all night long and that kept me awake! I also did not care for the forced $16 valet parking.I would stay here again! The price we paid was worth it for being comfortable, the luxury of room service, and breakast.  
<Date>Dec 14, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	2	2	4	

<Author>BellinghamSojourner
<Content>Exceptional service, nice all-around My daughter and I stayed at this well-priced hotel ($99 a night for a king suite) for two weekend nights, and I was really impressed with the exceptionally welcoming service from the time I made my reservation through our departure. Every hotel employee we talked to seemed really friendly and eager to help with our questions. I was amazed in this day and age.The L-shaped hotel pool is tiny, but looked like fun for kids, and there is a hot-tub and exercise room as well.Breakfast was indeed abundant. We could make our own waffles, then add scrambled eggs, bacon, sausage and fruit. Also available were bagels, muffins, oatmeal, yogurt--just about everything you could have wanted. One morning there was sort of a long line, waiting to make waffles, and then waiting for scrambled eggs. But that's being picky.Our room was really nice (we asked for one away from the freeway after reading reviews here earlier) and it was still a bit noisy, but hey, it's the city. It felt like a deluxe room, considering the reasonable price, with nice bedding and even art on the walls that we really liked. We could even see the Space Needle a bit from our window.The shuttle runs hourly, so it wasn't as though we could reserve it to go to a certain place at a certain time. But it worked out well for us, and when the shuttle missed us by just a minute when we needed to return from the Space Needle, they promptly paid our cab fare without my even having asked. We will definitely go back when we have a need to stay near downtown Seattle again.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Wyatt70
<Content>Something was not quite right I stayed in this hotel while I attended a conference in Seattle from November 14, 2006 to November 18, 2006. I thought I was saving my company money by staying here rather than one of the hotels closer to the Washington State Convention and Trade Center, but in the end I spent the same amount of money it would have cost me to stay in a closer hotel.The biggest problem I had with this hotel is its location. It takes about 15 minutes to walk to the Convention Center due to the construction and the traffic lights. Try doing this in the rain a few times and you鈥檒l see how much of a problem it is. Going to the Public Market and other tourist sites will require an even further walk. Expect to be very tired at the end of the day, especially if you are traveling here from the East Coast like I was.Be careful with the valet parking. I woke up on the third day of the conference to drive my wife back to the airport. When I went to pick up my car, the valet came back and told me that my car had a flat tire. I am rather suspicious about how that could have happened. We did not run over anything during our drive from the rental car office to the hotel, and there were no apparent problems with the tires when we picked up the car. I have no way of proving if the valets caused the flat, but I am peeved that no one noticed the flat until I had to go pick up the car. Just imagine if I had discovered this on the day I was supposed to leave Seattle! As it was, I barely got any time to visit the Space Needle after waiting for roadside assistance to fix the flat. I also had to shell out an additional $30 to get my wife to the airport via taxi.The breakfasts aren鈥檛 bad when you consider that they are included in the price of your room. I would be more disappointed with them if I had to pay an additional fee for them. The potatoes were usually lukewarm and the pancakes and french toast had that institutional taste. They also pre-measure waffle batter for the make-your-own waffle bar, but many days the amount of batter they gave you was not enough to make a complete waffle.I also had an issue with the housekeeping. I returned to my room at the end of the day, only to find that the glasses in the bathroom had not been cleaned. I know this because my wife鈥檚 lipstick was still on one of the glasses! It was things like these that gave me an uneasy feeling about this hotel.All in all, I have to say that I was disappointed with this hotel. It was not a bad experience, but it wasn鈥檛 up to the high quality I have come to expect from Marriott Hotels.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	1	2	3	2	3	

<Author>SPCTCC
<Content>Disappointing Stay in Seattle Nothing fancy, in fact a bit cramped, not well laid out and located out of the way. Definitely not a walking destination to/from downtown or the seattle center. Was disappointing for a Marriott product.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	1	3	3	3	2	

<Author>dougandshelley
<Content>post cruise stay       Srprinhill Suites Downtown Seattle  
<Date>Sep 15, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	3	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>finickyfinnigan
<Content>A Great Deal! For the price, this was probably the best stay I've had in a Downtown Hotel in a major city. It was easy to find, and just off the freeway. This hotel was walking distance to the best part of Seattle, the shopping district and Pike Place Market. Had the Monorail been running, it also would have been easy to access the Space Needle! The room and decor was immaculate and stylish and huge. The Continental Breakfast was included in the price, and though we didn't partake, as we only had one night's stay and we wanted something with a little more kitsch, I did get to see the spread, and it looked a little bit better than the average continental. We went to a show at the Paramount Theatre, and walked back to the hotel late at night without any worries, though it is in kind of a quiet business district so there aren't many people around. We're not really the kind of people to spend a lot of time in a hotel room, so if you like a spectacular view or whatever, this might not be the hotel for you, but if you want a clean, reasonably priced hotel with great friendly staff and a good location, stay here. If I ever go to Seattle again, I will definitely be back at the Springhill!  
<Date>Sep 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>BenW
<Content>Sleepless in Seattle. This is a very nice hotel as far as the rooms and environment; that's why I did not rate it 'terrible'. See other reviews for room details, but there is a glaring, unforgiveable problem: The hotel sits right next to Interstate 5 (which, if you know Seattle is busy almost 24 hours a day) and the road noise is horrendous. I asked to be moved from my room to a quieter one and the desk agent assured me that the room was the quietest in the hotel. This is unforgiveable for modern, very nice hotel to have scrimped on noise insulation when next to a freeway. The rate here was $120, which is not bad for downtown Seattle, but I had to sleep with earplugs and noise cancelling headphones on. No lie. Find a quieter hotel people, you will be much happier.  
<Date>Sep 9, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	5	5	5	-1	5	

<Author>RicoRico
<Content>Very nice room for family of 4, reasonable price My family of 4 arrived very late on a Saturday and the staff was very helpful. The room was modern and impeccable, with a king and a sofa bed. Just what we wanted. I felt the price was reasonable for the quality of the hotel.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>rr1954
<Content>Springhill Suites experience very nice Very clean and comfortable property. Rooms are large but not really suites. Beds were very comfortable and bathrooms were small. Excellent service and friendly staff. Good breakfast. Not terribly convenient to downtown but only a short taxi ride. Considering the rates (very fair) we would stay again.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LFoley
<Content>Be prepared to walk! My husband was attending a conference in this hotel, and I came along for the ride to experience Seattle for the first time.If you want easy access to all of the touristy spots in Seattle, this hotel is not a good choice. It is a mile hike to Pike Place market - and this city has its share of hills. It's not too much for me to walk miles and miles each day as a fit 30 year old, but it would be too much for the elderly or very young. There is a hotel shuttle, but the destinations are limited, and reservations are required. I decided not to bother with it.There apparently used to be self-parking here at one time, but no more! It's all valet. Sometimes they are in no hurry to retrieve your car, either. What a pain that is!The hotel lobby is clean and comfortable, and there is a small bar area as well as the breakfast room. Breakfasts consist of a buffet of waffles, pastries, fruit, eggs, bacon and sausage, oatmeal, bagels and other breads, yogurt, milk, and juices. It's repetitive, but free at least!The rooms can be loosely defined as suites. It's about the same size as a normal hotel room if you mentally remove dividing walls. There's a bed area, a bathroom, a couch and chair area, and a sink/desk area. It's not big by any means, but it's not uncomfortable. Not a bad choice if you know what to expect.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	2	3	3	3	4	

<Author>bctc
<Content>spacious.. but a little out of the way! We stayed here on our first trip ever to Seattle at the end of June.The public rooms are spacious and nicely decorated. The hotel has a very light and airy breakfast room with a good continental breakfast service that is well staffed.The guest room was spacious, with two televsions and free internet access - a real plus if you brought a laptop. There is a small pool - which did not seem to be used very much. There is a business center with a free printer. The downside is that it is a good 20 minute walk to downtown. A shuttle, which you need to reserve, drops off each hour and will pick up if you reserve, but you will have to wait at least 20 minutes for the pickup. Also, there is nothing around the hotel. You cannot walk to a restaurant or shop. There is a Subway and Starbucks across the street, but they close early.The hotel in late June was short staffed. Our room was not cleaned till after 5 pm on two days. One day they started cleaning the room, took the towels and did nothing else. It was just left. Maybe housekeeping forgot about it or were called away and never got back.I think it is probably a good hotel for pre and post Alaskan cruisers - there were a lot of those people at the hotel or tour groups. If I go again to Seattle I want to be closer to downtown and within easy walking distance to shops and restaurants especially if I do not have a car.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pattyclark
<Content>Outstanding Service Our staff and families totaling 72 people stayed here for a pre and post cruise night. From my first contact with the hotel until they waved goodbye - literally on the sidewalk - our experience was nothing short of excellent. We arranged for buffets to greet our group in 2 arrivals on the pre cruise day. The moment we walked in the door they directed our group to the food, and took over handling luggage. Even though we arrived before check-in, they had arranged to get everyone in rooms as soon as possible. Rooms were comfortable, clean, and appealing. Front desk staff was exemplary. Hotel shuttle a great convenience. Food was plentiful and constantly replenished. This hotel is not located in the port area, but it's location offers quiet rooms, and easy walking distance to the Space Needle and it's local attractions. Excellent value.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Thumbs up! I booked another hotel in Seattle for 3 nites but then ended up at Springhill Suites because the other one located too far from the downtown. I called the hotel at the very last minutes and luckily had one room reserved. Our stay was so nice - Staff are really nice, polite, and helpful. The location is just great - easy to access to the main I-5 and/or to downtown. The Internet service is completely free and very fast; I did even print out boarding pass for my return flight without charge fee. Room is clean and neat. Overall, I like this hotel and definitely will come back next year.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>TravelDiva1
<Content>Convenience without the cost We recently returned from a long weekend in Seattle. Having based ourselves out of Seattle, we relied on the Springhill staff to guide us about their city. The front desk staff was generally polite and helpful. The less helpful individuals were more the exception than the rule. Although we did not utilize the complimentary shuttle service a lot, it was very helpful when we did. In fact, the staff provided exceptional advice regarding parking situations and alternate transportation plans. We tried room service as well. The food is essentially the same as that in the hotel bar, pretty good and not overpriced. The morning breakfast buffet is expansive. There is so much to choose from-definitely something for everyone in your party. The business center is also quite helpful. The rooms were spacious and comfortable and cleaned every day. Valet was very easy, we did not have to wait more than 5-10 minutes for our vehicle and the service was generous and gracious. The only downside is a large group of young teenagers who happened to be staying at the hotel during our stay-they could easily be heard in the hallway. There were other business travelers who were complaining to the desk staff-frankly, whomever was chaperoning the teens should be doing their job-not leaving it to the hotel staff to do it for them! Overall a positive experience at the Springhill Downtown Seattle-would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>PlanetR
<Content>Friendly Staff Makes for a Great Stay My husband and 11 year old son and I just returned from our stay in Seattle. We spent one night pre Alaskan cruise and two nights post cruise. Both stays were great. The front desk, valet and housekeeping staff were very competent and helpful. They were eager to make sure your stay was a pleasant one. The rooms are very spacious and clean. Plenty of room to spread out. The airconditioning was excellent. My only complaint was the water pressure in the shower could have been better.The complimentary breakfast was very elaborate. Much more than a continental breakfast. The staff was quick to clear the dirty plates and refill the buffett. A nice bonus to an already nice place.The location is a bit on the edge of downtown. We walked easily to Pikes Market and the Space Needle. They do offer on the hour a shuttle with reservations. But, the walk is not too far.We truly enjoyed our visit to Seattle in route to Alaska and would definitely recommend the Springhill Suites a bargain for a great hotel.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>surfval
<Content>Loved our stay I guess we will have to agree with just about everyone else on this hotel. The staff was extremely freindly for a big city. Everyone was quick with a good morning, good afternoon, have a nice evening, etc. Breakfast was great. Mangers reception minimal but a nice wind down at the end of the day. The beer and wine were good quality. The pool was perfect for the kids, indoor in Seattle is a good idea. Close enough to walk to many things but they have a shuttle if you set it up at the front desk. All of the Valet's were so fast that you didn't have to call down for your vehicle you could just show up and they would bring your car in less than 5 minutes. I am a loyal Marriott custome but I am quick to criticize when they do bad. This is a Marriott property at their best. Oh did I mention the ultra fast high speed internet for free?  
<Date>Jun 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>sweetnesspalace
<Content>Excellent Service The staff at this hotel was wonderful. Everyone was always very polite and accomodating to me throughout the stay. Being a travel agent myself, I would feel completely confident in recommending this hotel to my clients. I also appreciate the opportunity of the Marriott FAMtastic program that allows me the opportunity to visit Marriott properties at an affordable rate. Because of this I have always tried to sell Marriott whenever possible. The rooms were nice, but I prefer staying in Residence Inn chains moreso then the Springhill Suites, but the rooms had everything I needed. The beds could have been a little more comfortable, but they still were acceptable. The rooms had a sitting area with a couch, chair, tv, microwave, fridge, sink, etc. There was a closet in the room and the bathroom had a seperate sink from the bathroom. The complimentary breakfast was fantastic and the staff was always quick to make sure everything was replenished. The manager's reception on Wednesdays was also fantastic, but they ran out of food quickly and nothing was replenished. It's complimentary so I suppose it isn't fair to complain. The hotel had a business center, high speed internet in the room (not wireless) and a pool fitness area that I did not check out.As stated previously by other guest's reviews, the shuttle bus gets full fast so you need to have reservations. The first time I asked to be taken on the bus, it was running late and the hotel was very quick to provide me with a towncar service at their expense. I doubt most hotels would provide this service. When the shuttle bus was full when I requested a pickup, they offered to allow me to take a taxi and they would reimburse me, which they did promptly. I was extremely impressed with the professionalism of everyone in the staff that I encountered.The hotel was within a good walking distance of all downtown attractions if you don't mind the exercise. I didn't feel very comfortable walking by our hotel in the later evening, as the hotel seemed a bit isolated from those in the heart of the downtown area.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>best value in seattle Great location - 20 minute walk to down-town. High quality and spacious rooms withkitchen. Excellent  extended  hot , plentiful break-fasts with eggs and patties+ hot bran and fresh fruit.Staff very helpful -- we paid  $ 100 per night in march and it was a bargain.Book early.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Central Location, Great Service Every time we stay overnight in Seattle for our shopping trips, we stay at this hotel.The rooms are extremely comfortable and large - we usually go as a trio, but our room could certainly fit at least two more people with the living room pull-out sofa. We love the nice bathtubs big enough for a relaxing soak as well as shower. The continental breakfast in the morning is superb - lots of variety, great roasted Seattle coffee, and plenty of warm food (as opposed to just toast and cereal).The hotel is pretty central to everything and altho' I haven't tried it, there's a happening fitness place across the street - not sure if hotel guests have complimentary passes.The only negative thing I have to say about this hotel is that the prices seem to keep creeping higher and higher, which is a shame because it was great value the first few years it opened. The other thing is that parking is a bit of a hassle and expensive as we paid a daily rate at about $14 (on top of driving to other parkades when we did our shopping). I'd recommend leaving the car parked underground, and either walk to downtown central or inquire about the bus shuttle service which will take you downtown as well.All in all though, still one of the best comfortable hotels in the city.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Value We stayed in this hotel for 2 nights in February, 2006. I am Mariott Silver Elite and they did a great job remembering my preferences- we got a nonsmoking king suite on the 10th floor, just as requested. As a bonus, it had a perfect view of the Space Needle (lit up at night). All of this for the Marriott Ebreaks rate of $75/night leaves me with no complaints at all.The room itself is laid out similar to an Embassy Suites hotel room, with (in our case: a king bed), a pull out sofa, a chair and ottoman, a mini fridge, one TV, and a nuker. A sort of wanna be wall divides the bedroom from the kitchen/living room.The location is a little outside of the main area in downtown Seattle, but as long as you are comfortable walking about 0.4 miles, you can save a lot of money by staying here (The streets are all well-streetlit). The highway noise was not a problem for us, as the hotel appeared to have good soundproofing.My sister stayed that the Hotel Andra during the same days, and we saw her suite (at over twice the price). Honestly, I'd rather have a nice breakfeast, daily paper, and a cheaper room rate than have a flat panel TV and cute but oddly designed furniture, but that is me....  
<Date>Mar 4, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>GuinnessGuy
<Content>Great breakfast and more Very friendly staff, convenient hourly shuttle service downtown and to the Space Needle, the rooms are pleasant (but somewhat 'business-like' when you're on a holiday), but the real treat was the breakfast that was way more than 'continental: make-your-own fresh belgian waffles, eggs (hard-bioled and 'discs') big selection of breads, yoghurt, etc. Three blocks away from REI which has a World Wraps cafe (especially handy for vegetarians). A nice little getaway for our family.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel for the Price! In an attempt to escape the December humidity and heat of the South, I recently traveled to Seattle to start the holidays. I travelled with one companion, and we both found the rooms to be well above our expectations for the price. The rooms were extremly clean and spacious. The bedroom was seperated from the living area by a wall that only spanned several feet, but it was enough to provide a little privacy. The high speed internet and work area was well lit and comfortable, and the kitchen area, complete with sink, refrigerator, and microwave, was a great addition. The complimentary breakfast was delicious and plentiful, and featured assorted pastries, bagels, waffles, cereals, juice, and more. The staff was extremely courteous and friendly, and even assisted with directions, where to rent a car, and transportation back to the airport. My companion and I preferred to walk to most of the destinations in downtown Seattle, and found the hotel to easily be within walking distance of the Space Needle, Pike's Place Market and other shopping destinations. Our only complaint was that the mattresses were too firm for our liking. Just as a notice, the hotel puts a double the value hold on your credit card to cover the costs of incidentals and room service. Overall though, the hotel proved to be a fantastic stay at a very reasonable rate, and we would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Dec 26, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>hlbtimes2
<Content>Holiday kick off! I surprised my husband and two young children to a night in the city. We thought it would a great way to kick off the holiday season. We thought the Springhill was a great property. The room was large, and very clean. There were 2 tv's which was great! One near the beds and the other near the sofa and chairs. There was a great little area with a sink, microwave, and small fridge. We didnt get to use the pool or hot tub, but we did look at them. The area looked nice, and the hot tub was full of people.The breakfast was wonderful. Waffles, pastries, bagels, sausage and egg patties to make breakfast sandwichs, hot oatmeal, yogurt and fresh fruit. Great way to start the day! The toasters are a bit slow, but that is pretty minor complaint for a free breakfast.The only negative was the shuttle was stuck in traffic the night we were there. We waited a while, but were told it could be an hour before it returned. We ended up walking the 1/2 mile or so the heart of downtown. It wasn't very far, but it was cold out. We took a cab back to the hotel. It was about $6.50 so even if you can't use the shuttle its pretty cheap to get to and from the hotel.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>AccidentalT0urist
<Content>Great Concept, Well-Executed I spent six nights at this hotel last week and was generally delighted with my choice. The suite was ample in size, impeccably clean, attractively (if not elegantly) furnished, and had most of the amenities I craved (a kitchenette with microwave, a large desk with free high-speed internet, and a hairdryer). Had I been travelling with a companion, I would have been annoyed at the lack of a door to close off the bedroom from the living room. The bed linens were the typical thin muslin ones, but the pillows were nice and seemed to be stuffed with down. In addition, the hotel had a small but adequate gym with treadmill, a stairclimber, a bike, and free weights--as well as a small indoor pool. Breakfast in the attractive dining area was free, with a reasonable selection of decent, but not terribly appetizing, foods. I contented myself with raisin bran or oatmeal, milk, yogurt, and tea. Boiled eggs and cut fruit were welcome additions, but apparently available only on weekdays. The bananas were green, and the apples tasted like pure cellulose. What appeared to be scrambled egg discs were not, in my opinion, edible, and I didn't even try what looked like breakfast sausages. Waffles and assorted white breads and pastries were available, but did not fit my conception of a healthy breakfast. As for service, the staff was unfailingly friendly and courteous, but did not keep promises to (1) move my packed bags to a less-noisy room away from the freeway during the day or (2) have housekeeping tend to my room during the two-hour period I planned to be absent. So I didn't bother asking them to fix the exercise bike in the gym when it stopped working. Still, all in all, my experience was very good, and this hotel was an excellent fit for my needs.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cupcake3439
<Content>Great Location The Springfield Suites is in a great location. Easy access to I-5 and easy access to all the downtown/waterfront attractions. The staff was very courteous and the rooms were of adequate size for a family of four, especially compared to some of the other downtown Seattle hotels. The complimentary breakfast was above average. Our only complaint was that we smelled auto fumes in the lobby several times because the temporary parking/drop off area is so close to the entrance. Not that big of a deal. This hotel is a great value. We would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lite2shine
<Content>Near downtown but not downtown price I stayed there for three days and liked the spacy room and nice lobby area. The breakfast buffet was nice too. It's several blocks away from the downtown, so I usually walked to the Panamount Theatre but if you time right, you can hop on the free shuttle that runs every hour (you should make a reservation to make sure there is a room), and the shuttle will take you to pre-determined destinations, so you really don't feel far away from downtown or tourist spots, and you are not paying downtown hotel price (at least I didn't!)  
<Date>Jul 13, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>alau925
<Content>A great place to stay! SpringHill Suites was even better than expected! The reviews sounded wonderful which prompted me to make reservations here. The staff was very kind and the valet was very quick! The rooms were big and generally clean. I did find one empty bag of chips behind a dresser but that didn't really bother me. The breakfast was amazing and the location is pretty great. Yes, it's not in the heart of downtown, but I liked that it wasn't. It is still pretty close though and since we had a car, it was no problem at all. I really liked this place and was pleased with the service. Before I checked out, the whole staff and management had a team meeting in a small meeting room. I overheard them discussing their standard of service and how their goal is to have only 17% of customers make a complaint. I think currently they're at 21%. It sounds like a lot, but whatever the case, it looks like their turnaround to solving a complaint is very quick. My friend's bathroom light wasn't working and it was fixed within the hour.Anywho, overall, I am very happy about SpringHill Suites and will definately stay here again! I can't think of a better place!  
<Date>Jun 28, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>travellator
<Content>Well Pleased Stayed here for 2 nights prior to going on a cruise. Based on the reviews, I knew that the hotel itself was pretty good, but I wasn't sure to expect in terms of its location.First off, the room itself is great. It was clean and spacious, which is good considering we were three adults in the room. There is a bit of noise to be heard from the highway at night, and while i'm not used to the sounds of passing cars when I sleep, I had no problem sleeping with this. I felt the water pressure in the showerhead is softer than what i'm used to, but again, it's not a big deal.The lobby is going through a bit of renovations, but is still a nice area. The buffet breakfast is great. Lots of different things to choose from and they even provide little bags or to-go packaging if you want to take any foods upstairs with you.All the staff we encountered were very warm and friendly, and we were always greeted whenever we saw someone.As for location, the hotel is not exactly in the heart of downtown, but it's easily accessible. It is a 20min straight-line walk to Pike Place Market (with a gentle up and down slope), and shorter if you're just hitting the shops. Of course, the hotel offers a free shuttle that leaves every hour to a few stops within the city and you make arrangements beforehand. So my big worry about the hotel's location was really not a big deal at all.I would have no problems choosing to stay here again in the future.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>One of the best hotel stays ever I would suggest staying at the SpringHill to anyone wanting to visit seattle.The room was better then I expected, it was fairly large (king suite), certainly enough to accomidate 2 people. The staff was super friendly, even if you're just riding down the elevator together, they would ask how the day was doing .. what we plan on doing.. etc. The breakfast is amazing, by far the best free breakfast at any hotel that I've been to. The location is great, just 3 blocks from the bus station and the onramp to the highway is right in front. The $14 for valet kinda sucks, but it was included in our package and the valets are all good guys. There was a mix up with the keys and they apologized half a dozen times and you could tell they they felt really bad about the situation. People need to be realistic when it comes to lodging.. you're IN A HOTEL! Yes, there might be a hair or two in the room, and you might be able to hear slight hum of the highway (just ask for a room on the higher floors, we stayed on the 9th and it was pretty quiet)... and small things could go wrong, but just take it easy and let the staff take care of it. Unless you're paying a large amount of money ($200+/night), everything will not be perfect. For the quality, location, service and price.. springhill is hands down my top pick.  
<Date>May 20, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Nice Stay My wife and I spent the past weekend here and found it to be a nice place to stay. We walked to the market one day. It is about a ten block walk and it is up and down hills. If you really aren't used to walking, I wouldn't advise it. We liked the room and the service was good. The drinks at happy hour in the bistro are very good with no lacking of alchohol content.The breakfast is buffet and is comparable to others. The valet parking was not really an issue. We didn't have to wait over a minute or two. If you want you can call down, they will have it ready. We will stay here again.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Worst Experience at a Marriott Hotel Ever My sister, daughter and I went to Seattle to visit my younger daughter whose Husband is in Iraq. We invited my daughter and her small child to stay with us at the Suite based on the photos accompanying the reviews on expedia. Big mistake, the rooms are small and not very well appointed. The suite must refer to the small dividing wall between the sofa bed and the 'bedroom. There was no privacy and no way to block off the bedroom area so the little one could sleep which you wouldn't expect from the description. The front desk staff were rude, made promises that were never met, and couldn't even get our room ready when promised. We arrived at 2:45 for a room that they said would be ready at 3:00. We were told the room would be ready in about 30 minutes. So we left our luggage, tagged with our names, in their storage room and went to a late lunch. When we returned at 4:30 our room was still not ready. After much rushing around the obviously harried desk clerk (he let us know that he was harried, not very professional) gave us a room key and told us they would have our luggage brought up. This did not arrive and I finally went down and collected our luggage so we could get the little one taken care of. The front desk clerks who were standing around watching me while I collected all of our luggage (12 pieces), kept stating that this is not a full service hotel so we are not responsible for your luggage. I was told that they would bring up the luggage and I was grateful they were going to, I did not ask for this service, but when I was told they would take care of it I accepted. Unfortunately they again did not follow through with their promise. And they were right, this was not a Full Service hotel, in fact this was not even a Partial Service hotel. Some of the rooms lighting did not work when we arrived and even though they knew 4 women and one child would be staying they only gave us three towels and washcloths. They never fixed the burned out light bulbs and even after I requested more towels and pillows and blankets they never arrived. There was no extra bedding for the sofa bed, so we were forced to scavenge bedding off the other beds so that all of us could have covers for the night.The experience became worse when the second day of our stay the Valet, More Than Once, could not locate our vehicle. The first time we had to describe the car since I guess they forgot where they put it and couldn't match the valet slips with the key slip. The second time we had to identify the key twice (even though the numbers on the slips matched) before they located the car. This of course made us very late for our dinner reservations. When we checked out they didn't have to bring our car since my youngest daughter got fed up and stayed at her home and came back to pick us up. The valets did try to apologize and stated that they had reorganised the way they stored the keys so they wouldn't misplace (read lose) a car again. Hopefully they did and succeeded.The front desk merely made excuses for their incompetance. When I called down each day for more towels and pillows they said the hotel was full up and they would TRY to get them to us. The requested items never arrived. When we asked to speak with the manager, we were told he wasn't working at that time and would return our call when he was on duty. This never happened. The manager did try to excuse his not returning the call by saying with the Hotel at full capacity, I just didn't have time, this only as we were checking out.All in all, the hotel was below standard, mostly in service but also in the comparison between the actually hotel and the enhanced photos on the internet. I personally found that it was too far away from any of the attractions of Seattle to walk as stated in the description, too close to Highway 5 to be peaceful, too little real service (just the bare minimum), too pricey for the level of care and service we received. I have always enjoyed my stays at Marriott styled Hotels, but I am sorely disappointed in this one. If you are working on a budget there are still less expensive hotels closer to attractions and better able to serve their customers then this one.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2005
<Rating>1	2	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>12bnbelize
<Content>The kids liked the 2 TV's We stayed here for 3 nights. They gave us an early check-in and a late check-out without any hassles or extra charges. The breakfast was above average (what can you expect for free), except for the egg patties, yuk. They also have takeout boxes so the kids had snacks for later that we put in the refrigerator. No hassle there either. There was a newspaper outside my door each morning. Even though I heard them discussing they were at full capacity one night I never was bothered by slamming doors or noise from other rooms. The freeway traffic wasn't loud even though we were on that side. With binoculars you can check out Lake Union and the REI climbing wall. There were a few problems with no hot water and dirt in the water after that due to a broken water main. The next night all 3 elevators went out while we were at the pool (very small, cold pool). The kids had to go outside to the stairwell, wet and cold, to climb up to the eighth floor. The windows have a low sill you can sit on and the window glass is probably perfectly safe but it seemed a bit flimsy to me so I was not happy to have the kids (acting like kids do in hotel rooms) anywhere near it. My sister's toilet in her room wouldn't flush, but they were quick to fix that. They did enjoy the two TV's which also made it possible for me to watch something after they went to sleep, a rarity in most hotels. The small van shuttle (reservations needed) only leaves on the hour to a few set spots, but was prompt, though cramped when full (kids on laps so no buckling in which we didn't like). All the staff were very polite and helpful. There is no bellman, but the luggage carts are directly across from the elevator and were easy enough go get on my own. The valet guys helped load the car. I never did figure out where the self park was so the valets made a fortune off our frequent trips out. Overall I would probably stay here again, but if I wanted a view and to swim I would look elsewhere.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>MissionBeachBums
<Content>Good value The hotel lived upto expectations. It's not in the heart of downtown, but close enough on a fair weather day to walk to the shops, Pike's Market, or even the piers and Seattle Center. Keep in mind buses are free downtown Seattle so that works too. The room/suite was clean, big. Parking is $14/night, which is not too bad for Seattle, considering you get the in/out priviledges. It's valet parking, which I personally wouldn't pay an extra cent for, but here you don't have a choice.The pool is tiny, but there is a hot tub which was all clean and a good facility to relax a bit. Overall good value for your dollar, if you're looking for a cheaper yet comfortable stay.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>LyndaMN
<Content>Very Happy! We stayed at this hotel in June of 2004 and only paid $39 a night through Priceline. The free breakfasts were wonderful, our room was big and comfortable. We had absolutely no complaints and would stay there again . . . and again . . . and again.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A good value A friend  I stayed here for 2 nights. The hotel is off the beaten path a little (it's east of Belltown, but kind of in nowhere land, with a Starbucks and Subway and 24 hr Fitness across the street but little else unless you count a corned beef factory as a must see!) but is modern, clean and quiet (it overlooks the freeway but is soundproofed nicely). The rooms are small suites but unfortunately there is no door between the sleeping area and living room so it's really like one bigger than average hotel room. Still, you get a fridge, sink, microwave and coffeemaker, which is a real plus. The staff is great, and the free breakfast buffet has more than the usual fare. My only real complaint is the valet parking. It's $14/day with unlimited in/out, but service is slow at any hour. I would prefer to get my own car and save time but that's not an option here, so you end up waiting and waiting for someone to finally pull your car around. All in all, a fine hotel for the money (it's offered on Priceline as a 2 star hotel--I'd give it 3 stars) but if you're not into Priceline check out the hotel's website for the best prices--we paid $69/night, which is hard to beat at orbitz, expedia, etc.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>victoriabcguy
<Content>3rd Time is a charm. I reviewed this place once before (about a year or so ago). I stayed for 3 nites in mid September. The place hasn't changed since I last reviewed it, other than it seemed a LOT busier. A large wedding party (and/or their guests) were staying in the hotel. Was nice having a free Sunday paper (lots of hotels don't offer weekend papers!). Free Seattle's Best in the lobby. I am usually not the type to get up before noon, so I can't vouch for the quality or lack thereof when it comes to the breakfast. The deli is still located a block or so away to load up on cold beer, etc. (It's also the closest place with an ATM). There is a new pub/bar just down the steet on the corner that looked half decent -- though I didn't visit it personally. Parking was a bit chaotic, but I just paid the fee and walked/taxi'd around town - which is what I normally do. Was misled (again!) by the front desk staff about what constituted a free local call. They claimed that any call which went through by local dialing was free but clearly some of the prefixes were considered long distance -- I got the charges taken off but the staff should be a bit more careful. The one front desk guy I had when I arrived and checked in was a space case (black guy in his 30s) --he was more interested in gazing at one of the dressed up wedding reception guests than checking me in. The supervisor promptly checked me in herself and I could tell she was less than happy with his attitude. I'll definitely stay here again. Note: If you want a place thats really close to Pike Place, Seattle Center etc-- then this is probably NOT your best choice.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hoser9
<Content>Dear god! HIGH CARB BUFFETS!!!!! This was a great hotel. Staff are helpful as long as you're not a complete snob (ie; from Victoria, want to be pamperred like you're at a W hotel, etc). Rooms were clean, well decoraded, and the mini-fridge was great to have. Buffet was good even though it, um, was not, Atkins Friendly (I'm a nutritionist, don't get me started on that diet ;) Housekeeping staff were friendly and attentive, and best of all, it's close to Qwest and Safeco Stadium. You'd be a fool to take a Cab from this hotel to the stadiums, simply jump on a Pierce Transit bus. Unless you're easily spooked by, *gasp* the homeless and racial minorities, it's a great way to actually see SEA and to get from place to place. Have fun!  
<Date>Sep 29, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>another_mother
<Content>Not what we'd expected   showReview(2507194, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 1, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BRIVERA
<Content>Best staff on earth!!!!!   showReview(2305480, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 18, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice hotel with big rooms.   showReview(2229007, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 29, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awesome! So Cute...   showReview(1831403, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 22, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Find in Seattle!   showReview(1824836, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 22, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great value, nice staff   showReview(1793865, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 20, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>not a suite   showReview(1555610, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 17, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great value and service   showReview(987006, 'full');   
<Date>May 3, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Before booking, PLEASE read this..   showReview(567133, 'full');   
<Date>May 8, 2002
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Noisy location, few amenities   showReview(407398, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 25, 2002
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

