<Author>jodie102
<Content>Nice hotel       Bedroom  
<Date>Jan 7, 2009
<Rating>4	4	3	4	5	4	3	-1	

<Author>Malteser65
<Content>Wish to stay here again Although we only spent one night, we were really favourably impressed with this hotel. The room was fantastically spacious and comfortable. The shower was out of this world!! Breakfast was superb. The hotel is slightly far from the city centre, however this did not cause any problems because a Metro stop is only a couple of minutes away.  
<Date>Dec 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Dupont16450
<Content>Great hotel We had a long weekend in Barcelona before moving on to the Costa Brava for 2 weeks. We wanted to experience the culture and life of the city and wanted to stay in a good hotel. We were not disappointed. The Villa Emilia was everything we could have asked for - and we are quite fussy people! The hotel was smart and very modern and but was comfortable with a welcoming feel. Our room overlooked the intersection of two streets and had a ceiling to floor glass wall which made the views out spectacular. I could have spent hours simply watching the comings and goings of the locals throughout the day. The room was well equipped and of a reasonable size. The staff were friendly and helpful and we felt well looked after. The breakfasts were good and we had lunch there on one occasion which was very enjoyable. We are both vegetarians and we were well catered for, although I can't remember whether or not there were vegetarian meals provided in the evenings. We ate out each evening as we wanted to experience the city and it was a relatively short walk to the centre. We will certainly not look for another hotel on our next visit to Barcelona.  
<Date>Dec 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>theweemaw
<Content>Fantastic First time visitors to Barcelona, we stayed at the Villa Emilia for 3 nights. We found the hotel to be extremely comfortable, clean, friendly and good value for money. We received a welcome drink, plus complementary breakfast ( excellent) which included champagne, and cakes and coffee from 5-7 p.m, plus tickets to the Dali exhibition. It is in an excellent location minutes from the metro. I would not hesitate in recommending this hotel and would love to go back in the summer. The only thing that spoiled our stay was the theft of our video camera from the Hard Rock Cafe. We were warned beforehand that Barcelona is notorious for thefts but were still caught out. Fortunately we were lucky enough to get it back , thanks to the staff at the Hard Rock, but be do be aware of pickpockets and thieves.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>Bubblesdevere
<Content>Barcelona Chic As first time visitors to Barcelona we booked the Emilia on the back of the reviews posted here as they've never let us down yet, and nor did they on this occasion. A taxi from the north coach station cost around 10 Euros. On check in at the hotel we were given lots of useful information about what to see in Barcelona and then went to find our room. Like some of the other guests mentioned earlier we found the heat in the hotel to be unbearable at times which made it difficult to sleep. There is air conditioning but pressing the on/off button and changing the temperature didn't seem to make a difference. We were on the 6th floor and could have opened the full length window, but the room faced out onto a fairly busy street.Our twin room came as two single beds pushed together. Not being used to single beds we found them quite small and what with that and the heat we didn't get a good night's sleep. We decided to have breakfast at the hotel although it was not included in the room rate. It's not cheap at 13 Euros each but the choice was excellent: cheese, salmon, meats, fresh fruit, cereals, yoghurts, various types of gorgeous fresh bread, pastries, eggs, a selection of wonderful preserves, juices - and a glass or two of cava! Things did run out but the staff were very helpful and at no time did we feel there wasn't enough. It was just the perfect way to start a day. A special mention must be made of the selection of teas on offer as they were absolutely delicious and so different from anything I've had before.There is a bar and small restaurant area on the ground floor. Prices for drinks are cheap compared to the UK, around 4 Euros for a glass of decent Rioja.On the first floor mezzanine is what the hotel calls its business area with free internet access and complimentary coffee/tea and pastries between 5 and 7 each evening.The nearest metro station is Rocafort, about 1 minute from the hotel. Playa de Catalunya square is about a 20 minute amble and from here you can visit Las Ramblas or Passieg de Gracia. The Hard Rock cafe Barcelona is in the square and well worth a visit!All in all we were pleased with our choice of hotel: not so far out as to make Barcelona inaccessible but far enough out to be a little quieter.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	3	4	4	4	5	

<Author>espruytte
<Content>Loved the open air lounge terrace bar on the rooftop !! Great design hotel next to a metro station which makes it very convenient to move around in Barcelona.It is located in a quite street with little noise, which is a plus.One of the great features of this new hotel is the superb open air lounge terrace bar on the rooftop which allows one to chill out after a long day in the city. Also the Zinc bar at ground level is very nice for a nice bottle of Cava!Great buffet breakfast with a large variety of breads, marmalade, eggs, ham, cheese, yogurt, cereals,... and you can order an espresso or cappuccino without supplement.Two negative comments:1. No A/C available in the Fall and Winter because the system switches automatically to heating as soon as the outside temperature is below a certain level. This is very annoying because it is always too hot in hotel rooms. I am not the first one to mention this on Tripadvisor.2. The bed mattresses are extremely hard and it is very tough for back and shoulders. The owner of the hotel is German and the employees told us HE liked it this way, but we did not!3. They omitted to make up our room the first day. They told us the cleaning team was gone and that they could not do anything about it before the next morning.I would recommend it (when the A/C is ON and with softer bed mattresses!)  
<Date>Nov 25, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Bristlehound
<Content>What a great Hotel! My wife and I have just returned from a four night break at this wonderful Hotel.The staff were all very friendly. The bar staff especially couldn't do enough.The Hotel is very modern and contemporary. It is very very clean. The corridors and all the public areas being as clean as your room!The patisserie next door but one to the Hotel was especially welcoming.Eating in the Hotel seems to be quite expensive - 13 euros + 7% tax per person for breakfast and a table d'ote menu in an evening for 30 euro's per person. To be fare however we never ate in the Hotel so I can't comment on the food.When you book I would try and avoid rooms 10.11  12. I could imagine these being especially noisy as they are on the first floor mezanine. The rooms to go for all in end 5 or 8. Eg 25, 38, 45 etc. Theses are the corner rooms which are bigger than the normal one's.The taxi from the airport to the Hotel is around 20 euro's.Las Ramblas is about a 20 minute walk away. At the bottom of Las Ramblas is Port Vell which is a large shopping complex. Don't miss St. Joseph food market about 1/2 way down Las Ramblas on the right. Not to be missed!Considering it is a large city we were a little disappointed at the restaurants in Barcelona. Not as much choice as we expected.The Rocafort tram stop is 2 minutes walk from the Hotel if you want to go further.A great hotel a little way out of the centre but no worse for it!  
<Date>Nov 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>IvanhP
<Content>Does not deserve #4 Rank on Tripadvisor My wife and I stayed here post cruise for only one evening and I have to say, i was very disappointed.My wife and I travel a considerable amount worldwide and often use tripadvisor to aid in our decisions. We chose this hotel based on tripadvisor reviews and rankings... and they are not well deserved. We disembarked our ship early in the morning and requested an early check-in. Upon arrival I asked teh front desk if we could check in early and without even checking, they denied our request and said not til after 12 noon. So we left our bags with them and walked around Barcelona. The location of this hotel is 5-10 minutes walking from La Ramblas and Pl Catalunya and there are very few restaurants or shopping in the area. Upon our return, the hotel was unable to give us a key to our room, because heir system was down. But they did allow us to bring our bags up. The front desk attendant showed us to our room and using his master key he opened up our room and then left us w/o a key. He promised he'd see what he could do, but after 15 minutes waiting in our room, we never heard from him.The room key is NEEDED to activate the lights and power, so this didn't do us any good. That meant we had to shower in the dark and my wife could not use her hair dryer. Upon leaving i checked with the front desk when i could have a key to my room and they said it would be around 3pm. I also had to correct them before leaving... they assigned us one room and gave us a notecard with a room number on it, but they put us in a different room on the same floor. While we were gone, i didn't want them letting someone else into our room b/c of a mismatch.We left for lunch and came back later in the afternoon to get ready for dinner. While my wife was getting ready, i asked the front desk if they could give me access to the free Wi Fi. But they didn'y know how to set it ip on my Mac. In the US, my Mac just finds wireless network available, you select it, and enter the password... i guess their process was different. So unable to use my laptop, i used their computers in their business center. But all their computers were set up in Italian. I asked the front desk attendant if she could show me how to change the lanugage on the cpu, but she didn't know how to do that either. The hotel was clean and decoration was modern... but the overall experience was sub par. The showers look cool but they flood the entire bathroom floor...We were never offered any apology for our inconvenience or anything. RIDICULOUSAt $200 a night i'm sure you can find a better place to stay.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2008
<Rating>2	1	4	3	3	1	1	2	

<Author>Popintops
<Content>Certainly one to avoid We stayed at this hotel for 4 nights. I selected it because of the good reviews on this site but I really can not believe that this is the same hotel represented by other contributors to the Trip Advisor community. My complaints are as follows:1) The air conditioning throughout the hotel had been set far too high and, despite our efforts to reduce the heat in the bedroom, it was unbearably hot. We could not open the windows because of the traffic noise from outside which was continuous even in the night. 2) This hotel is on a very busy main junction and is therefore very noisy if you are unfortunately allocated a bedroom on the main road side of the building. 3) The staff at reception were not at all helpful, pleasant or courteous and seemed to consider my requests, such as for booking taxis or directions to restaurants, to be a major inconvenience.4) Our room was never serviced adequately. On one day, our towels were removed and not replaced. We did not receive the standard toiletries per day and had one tiny little bar of soap for the entire visit. The cleaner STOLE my times newspaper that I was in the middle of reading and I was forced to retrieve it from her trolley which was parked further down the corridor.5) Of most seriousness, however, was the lack of security at this hotel. On our last day, for example, we packed most of the bags and went to breakfast. On returning to our room we then found that somebody, presumably the cleaner, had opened our room door and had left it unattended and wide open with our bags in full view of passers by along the corridor. This hotel has notices everywhere informing people to guard their belongings and yet their staff made it possible for somebody to walk off with all our bags. Also, because our flight was late in the evening, we asked to leave our bags at reception on the last day after check out to collect later. They do not have any safe place for such bag storage, as is customary at all good hotels, especially those claiming to be a 4 star rating, and our bags were just left on the floor at the side of reception. Fortunately, nothing was in fact stolen but they certainly have a security issue at this hotel and a total disrespect for their client鈥檚 property.6) The breakfasts were shambolic. It was the usual buffet style affair BUT the table of provisions was very small and not stocked or monitored adequately so every day I had to ask for basics such as plates, tea pots, spoons, bread etc.7) This hotel is a very modern style but the designers had thought little about the practicalities of their ideas e.g. the bathroom and shower looked fabulous BUT it proved impractical to actually use the shower without completely flooding the bathroom floor. Similarly, the sink area was totally impossible to use without it drenching the surrounding surfaces and it lacked an overflow outlet.It was a choice between this and the Hesperia Presidente and I wish now I had booked the latter because I have stayed at other Hesperia hotels and have never experienced any such problems.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	2	2	1	1	3	

<Author>exploremore10
<Content>What a find!! Hotel Emilia is located on a side street, off a main road and is a 1 minute walk away from Rocafort Metro station which makes travelling around the city a piece of cake, it takes about 5 mins. to get to La Rambla metro station and for 7.20euros you get 10 metro trips. It is a 15 minute walk from montjuic - the very impressive national art gallery with the magic fountains and quite possibly the finest view over Barcelona. The olympic stadium is located just behind montjuic. Even though this hotel is not directly in the centre of Barcelona there are some great restaurants, patisseries and cafes located near by, which are much more reasonably priced than some of the restaurants on La Rambla-one of which tried to charge us 10euros for a beer. Next door to the restaurant is a superb cafe/deli/wine shop, and a craking little authentic mexican restaurant is just around the corner.The hotel staff were very helpful, freindly and spoke excellent english. The hotel is immaculately clean with good sized rooms, queen size beds and full length windows which slide open like a patio door. The roof terrace was a real suprise when we first saw it, with sophisticated furniture providing a very relaxed atmosphere.The breakfast was lovely, with a good selection of breads, baguettes, salami, proscuitto, cheeses, cereals, drinks etc.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MikiSMLA
<Content>Not so great Everything good about this hotel is true - clean (the hallway and rooms smell fresh and new), modern furnishings, comfortable bed, great breakfast spread, close to the metro. The stay was going well, until towards the end of the trip where the hotel ran out of water. To be fair, this was not their fault but the city's. However, the way Villa Emilia HANDLED the situation was less to be desired.I noticed the water pressure that night to be low, so I called the reception to ask what the problem was. She sounded incredulous and insisted there was no problem, that perhaps I wasn't flushing properly (which I disputed since we have been there for the past few days and knew how to flush their toilets). When I asked if we can be moved to another room, she said she cannot (which surprised me how she said that so quickly) and had to wait in the morning.As I woke up, there was no water at all. Calling up reception (this time, it was a different person), he quickly reminded me that this was not the hotel's fault but the city's fault and we had to wait for a couple of hours. I've been traveling a lot, both for work and for leisure, and this was the first time I've encountered a situation wherein a service oriented facility offered no... service. At one point, he even asked, What would you like me to do, madam? Call city hall? I replied (regrettably in my head), Yes, and while you're at it, get me a gallon of water to wash my face with. The price of this hotel is not cheap, so if you can afford to stay in chain hotels near the city centre, do so. I believe they can readily and professionally address issues like these instead of small places like Villa Emilia.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2008
<Rating>2	2	5	4	5	2	2	4	

<Author>KeithRHooper
<Content>Great Location Friendly Staff The Hotel Villa Emilia is a great modernist boutique hotel. The rooms are of a good size and although the large than queen bed is two singles pushed together this did not cause a problem. The bed is a little hard for our tastes however we had no trouble sleeping in the quiet atmosphere. We liked the idea of being able to open the windows as you could let the sounds of the city in and to be able to close them to enjoy the air conditioning. The nearest railway station (Rocafort) is literally two minute walk from the front door. The Hub station Espanya is one station further up the line or ten minutes walk up the Gran Via de les Corts Catalanes. From Espanya it is possible to catch trains all over Barcelona and importantly to Montserrat (which is must). The Hotel staff was very friendly. The reception staff was very helpful and had a very good grasp of English (which was great considering my very poor Latin American Spanish) and helped us out with all manner of enquires even arranging a taxi for us on our departure. The roof top bar was hit (although a little chilly as the evening wore on), service was great via an intercom to the Zinc Bar. The breakfast bar was good an honest self serve buffet that was well serviced with no problems with food or drink running out. Over all the Hotel Villa Emilia is a very comfortable hotel that is well located away from the hurley burly with an excellent train service. Montjuic is a longish walk away, however by using the railway system (including the funicular and the cable car) a visit to the castle where there is fabulous view of the harbour and city. It is then long but leisurely stroll down hill to the old Olympic area, the National Art Museum and the Magic Fountains. There are great number of cafes and bars in the surrounding streets to keep the most adventurous happy. The attentive staff ensured that we had a no fuss seven day stay. A very good no fuss holiday with great staff in a very good location.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>JackieCowan
<Content>Spoilt by heat! Beautiful hotel- tasteful decor throughout. Very good breakfast. Our visit was spoilt by the heat level particularly in our bedroom. Due to one cold day last week the airconditioning had been swapped to heat and the hotel refused to switch it back. They didn't have a portable fan either.We were so hot that we had to sleep with window open and rain blowing onto the wooden floor.The noise from outside was awful And we had tthe worst 4 nights sleep we've ever had in a hotel. It was such a shame as the hotel was perfect in every other way. I would only stay there again if I was certain the AC would be on.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2008
<Rating>3	3	5	4	5	3	3	4	

<Author>Voyageurl
<Content>Gorgeous Gorgeous little design hotel with helpful though somewhat aloof staff. The rooms are very nice with bathrooms in black tile with glass shower doors and the breakfast was varied and delicious. There are also two internet stations on the mezzanine floor of the hotel available at all times. I highly recommend staying here. Indulge yourself!  
<Date>Oct 24, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>Grans1
<Content>fab  Headed away with 3 other girls for a weekend break.Didn't mind where we stayed, just happy to have a hotel book before we arrived. It was just a brilliant place to stay. I will certainly return to this hotel in the near future (already planning the return trip) it truely was an amazing hotel. Very clean and modern, staff very professional and helpful (only good looking people may apply).Very central location.The hotel also had live music in the bar and the Zinc bar on the rooftop is open to the public. We also had breakfast, which is served until 11.00am, which was great. You also did not have to vacate the room until 12.00pm on the last day, again this was really useful. All in all a great hotel in a great city. Would definately stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>trevlind
<Content>A lovely small hotel I was looking for a suitable hotel in Barcelona that was a little different to the normal chain hotels that you get. The Emilia seemed to fit the bill given the previous reviews and turned out to be a really good choice. Far enough away from all the busy and noisy areas but close enough to walk or get the metro at the bottom of the road.Simply put It's a really nice hotel with very informative and pleasant staff and a rooftop terrace to have a romantic drink that either starts or finishes your evening in Barcelona.Only one little gripe...........on our last day the rooftop terrace wasa closed to guests because of private function - take your photo's up there while you have the chance!!  
<Date>Oct 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	3	

<Author>metou
<Content>Spoil yourself. Just an above average hotel       our room  
<Date>Oct 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>JandJTucson
<Content>Barcelona Style We found this hotel on TripAdvisor but booked our stay directly with the hotel. We spent three nights at Emilia before taking a cruise. This is a great little hotel. The rooms, while not large by U.S. standards are beautiful with a very contemporary style. The tile and marble bathroom was one of the most interesting designs I've seen.You absolutely don't want to miss the outdoor, rooftop bar and sitting area. Terrific views of the city and they serve some very nice spanish wines.This hotel is a little farther away from the La Rambla and other tourist sites so it's a bit more quiet but the metro station is just around the corner so you are never more than ten to twenty minutes from most of the must see spots in Barcelona. The metro is inexpensive and very easy to use. We used the metro to get from the Barcelona airport to the hotel. The connections were easy but be aware, their are stairs to negotiate with your bags are many of the metro stations.The staff at Emilia was very friendly and helpful with the exception on one fellow at the front desk. We only saw him one time during our stay.The lobby bar and small restaurant is very contemporary and stylish but it comes with a price. It's very expensive. There's a great little bakery/pastry shop just a few doors away for coffee and pastry as well as lunch items. If you are interested in the hotel, you might watch the specials link on their website. We were lucky enough to book a package that included the buffet breakfast which was very good. The items are typical of a European breakfast so don't expect to find scarmbled eggs and hashbrowns.In a city with a lot of hotels, I think this one is a great find. It's only been open a couple of years so some of the travel guides don't list it.Finally, we found a great, reasonably priced restaurant just about three blocks away on the Grand Via. It's called La Clara and has a great tapas bar on the street level and a very nice, full menu restaurant in the underground wine cellar.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>sandstone1812
<Content>Little gem, boutique style We choose the Emilia thanks to Trip Advisor, and the reviews were not wrong. Good location, in what is a huge city, so you are always going to have to walk somewhere, but close to bus routes, underground metro etc. Rooms are modern boutique style, with everything you would expect in this price range, and we found all the staff really friendly and helpfull, you do take your own bags up, but hey, we're British and are used to that, unless you want to pay a small fortune!Good continental breakfast in the morning, and a very relaxing terrce bar on the roof which is well worth a visit on a gorgeous barcelona evening.All in all, we would go back...enough said!!  
<Date>Sep 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>chrisletrek
<Content>Fantastic Hotel We have just returned from 4 nights at this fantastic hotel. The rooms were spotless and very comfortable. We walked everywhere and the hotel is within 30 minutes walking distance from most places. The Ramblas, The Port and The Beech. We even walked to the Nou Camp to watch Barcelona Play. Barcelona has lots to offer and is a great city break. The hotel has a rooftop terrace, which is an amazing addition to this hotel. You can sit out after a long days walking and enjoy a cool beer (or 2). The hotel also had local entertainers playing cool latin music at night as the Zinc bar is open to the public. We also had breakfast, which is served until 11.00am, which was great. You also did not have to vacate the room until 12.00pm on the last day, again this was really useful. All in all a great hotel in a great city. Would definately stay here again.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Fission_Chips
<Content>We loved the Villa Emilia       Room 44  
<Date>Sep 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Jayn
<Content>Lovely Modern Clean Hotel We stayed for 3 nights at the end of August (Bank Hols weekend) for my husbands 40th Birthday and we paid a good price through Last Min.com. We got 4 nights for the price of three (room only). First time to Barcelona and we found the staff in the hotel very helpful and friendly. The room was modern and the hotel was really clean and smelt fresh and clean at all times. The H2O spa products they provide for you are fab. Even though we took our own we used these products to try, the salt/sea body wash was to die for. We didnt eat at the hotel but the roof top bar is fantastic to chill out after a day sightseeing or in the evening. In the 3 days we were there we only saw a couple of people in the afternoon it was bliss. The hotel is a two minute walk to the metro but if you don鈥檛 want to take the metro at night and want to eat down at the port/beach you are looking at about 拢20 for a round trip in a taxi. We loved this hotel and felt safe in this area. The metro we found very good in the day for sightseeing we purchased a T10 ticket and this was value for money, it cost about 7 euros each and it lasted us 3 days. We have been to a lot of hotels all over the world and this hotel for a short break in Barcelona was really nice and we would recommend it. It doesn鈥檛 have a pool but for a short break you don鈥檛 need it and the weather in August was just right to walk about without being too hot. The surrounding area outside the hotel was ok if you fancy a take away pizza, if like us you are arriving after 11pm at night when the hotel restuarant is closed. There is a nice ice cream shop round the corner and a supermarket which is handy if you want drinks to put in the fridge in your room but the nice tapas restaurants and bars etc with some atmosphere are a metro or taxi ride away.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CAPTAINCURRY
<Content>Unrepeatable quality! Profound excellence! After the collapse of excel airways we were in need of a break to replace out egypt holiday, so we went to Barcelona, and stayed at the Emilia. It was very nice indeed, friendly staff, very nice breakfast, not the usual cheap items. All very high quality. The staff were verry accomodating when leaving our bags after we had checked out. The drinks costs were reasnoble as was the room service. Cant praise the hotel enough, and their website!Also iff you go through need a hotel or laterooms, it may say theres no availability, check emilias website, as you may get a surprise! And its norm cheaper or equal costLittle tips!! Taxis..., if you order a taxi from the hotel when you get tin the car, it starts at 5 euros. But if you flag one outside, or round the corner, it starts at 1 euro 50 therefore saving you a few euros!Barcelona bus tour.....Myself and my partner paid 20 euros each for a hop on hop off bus tour, it was rubbish! We waited for around an hour at one stop to get on a bus as they would keep arriving full, when you get on you have to start down stairs where you cant see much out of the heavy signwritten windows, Not recommended, i would say the best bet is to grab a 3 day pass on the tube, 14 euros! Dont forget to see the fountains they are amazing!  
<Date>Sep 23, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>captainkickass
<Content>Excellent stay at the Villa Emilia My wife and I had 9 excellent nights at the Villa Emilia in June. After reading previous reviews on TA, I had high expectations and was not disappointed. The location of the hotel is very handy. The train station is at the end of the block and it is a 25 minute walk to Las Rambla.The staff are extremely friendly, and very accommodating. The hotel itself is very modern and clean. The lobby and bar have been very well designed and have a modern and chic feel.The rooms are an excellent size. The bathroom is quite spacious for a European hotel, and has all the modern appliances.The breakfast is outstanding. It has everything you need from a good selection of cereals, breads, pastries, fresh meats, cheese and juices. It was a great way to get the day started in one of the best cities in the world. I would thoroughly recommend the Villa EmiliaRestaurant tips: If you're close to the hotel and feel like some lunch, drop in next door to Casanovas. We found the food and service there excellent! If you want great seafood, get yourself to Cal Pep. You may need to wait, but you can drink whilst in line. Make sure you ask for a seat at the bar, its a real experience to watch your food cooked in front of you  
<Date>Sep 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MMuldowney
<Content>Good Just got back from Barcelona and had a lovely stay. The hotel was quite trendy and the staff were lovely, however were very dissappointed with the fact that I searched for a hotel on the internet that advertised a double room, and with added caution entered the request for a double room on the special request line... still received a twin room with an apology... the basic double bed was a simple basic request that could not be provided....  
<Date>Sep 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	2	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>eu55
<Content>Superb Hotel I would rate this as one of the best hotels I've ever stayed in. It is set in the Ravel District of Barcelona and is a 1 minute walk from the Rocafort Metro station. This is two stops from Placa Catunlya and Las Ramblas. Various tickets are available from the stations such as two day passes and these are bought from electronic machines which can be set to various languages. Two day pass for unlimited journeys was 10 euros.the hotel itself is a modern boutique style with very helpful and attentive staff. The food was excellent and the roof top terrace bar a must do after a day enjoying the city.The room was a good size and very well equipped.My wife and I would definately recommend both the hotel and city for a romantic break.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Danidive
<Content>Must try A very nice hotel in the center of Barcellona. Nice rooms wonderful service and atmosfere. Is not the first time in Barcellona, but if we go back we will go to Villa Emilia. Thanks to all the staff  
<Date>Sep 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Cimbalon
<Content>Excellent value for money I can add very little to the previous positive reviews. This is an excellent hotel, imaculately presented, competitively priced with friendly and helpful staff. It is extremely easy to commute to the city centre using the metro (London eat your heart out).  
<Date>Sep 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Alfetta
<Content>Professional and Friendly I spend half of my working life in hotels so I know a good one when I find one - and this is a great one. My wife and I spent 5 days in Barcelona on holiday at this venue and were struck by the professional and friendly service provided by all members of staff. Completed within the last 2 years this modern hotel is fitted out to a high standard in the bedrooms and serves fresh quality food for breakfast. If you turn up between 5  7 in the early evening they serve free coffee, tea and cakes on the first floor.Only 200 metres from the Rocafort metro station it is easy to access the centre of Barcelona.If we return to Barcelona in the future this hotel will be our first choice.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lytebrite
<Content>Hip, Eclectic and fun We used the Emilia as a transit hotel before we left for an extended stay outside of Barcelona. I really enjoyed the hotel. Not as close to the Ramblas as other locations, but made up for it in the size of the room and the calm of the environment. Super close to Placa Catalunya, and the museums there, and the Metro, so getting around is not a problem. I highly recommend.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>xcjazzy
<Content>Wonderful My husband and I stayed here for the first part of our honeymoon and were very happy. Perfectly located far enough away from the hustle of Las Ramblas but close enough to the Rocafort metro station, we were quite content. The upstairs hotel bar is like a dream and the food was delicious. We found the hotel staff very polite and patient, even with our poor Spanish. The only (very minor) complaint is that the hair dryer overheated a few times. Overall, an excellent experience and we can't wait to come back!  
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	5	3	4	5	

<Author>Holllly
<Content>Perfect!!! 18.08 - 20.08.08 鈥?My stay was a business purpose but I enjoyed every single minute!Charming hotel - the moment you enter the hotel you feel relaxed and on vacation. Very friendly staff; easy  quick check in - rooms are comfortable and also big enough for a longer stay. Very nice bathroom - walk in shower and spacious layout 鈥?very modern and clean. Flat screen TV could offer some more international programs but then I wasn鈥檛 there to watch TV; adjustable air-condition is a big plus! Very comfortable bed - lots of cushions if you prefer more than one. Double room for single use.My room was off street and so calm that I was able to sleep with open windows, which is awesome.Yummy breakfast buffet with fresh ingredients 鈥?variety of bread, toast, fresh fruit salad and fresh juices, cheese, salami, ham/jambon, various jams/marmalades and honey as well as yoghurt, cereals, fresh milk, tea, coffee, etc. 鈥?great start for a busy day!During day the hotel offers (for their guests) a complementary coffee/tea break - from 5-7pm. 1st Level gallery you find enough fresh hot (steaming!) coffee and hot water for tea - additional cake or sweet bread rolls as well as bottled water for free. Absolutely spectacular is the roof top area 鈥?fresh air, cool drinks, relaxing lounges 鈥?nicest way to end your day and start your evening!Not to mention the location 鈥?everything you need is easy to access: Metro station Rocafort just around the corner 鈥?taxi/cab service outside the door (reception calls a cab if you need one for a certain time) or you walk (less than 2 mins) to Gran Via and grab a taxi/cab there.My colleague and I chose to walk a lot, as it's just great to discover a city by feet, specially with such a convenient location.Over all this hotel left a smile on my face and I will surely book it again for my next trip to Barcelona in a few weeks!  
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	4	5	

<Author>laxgeezer
<Content>Chic and clean This hotel is about 2 years old. It is ideally situated within an 8- 10 minute walk from Plaza Espanya and 2 minutes to the subway. Villa Emilia is in a quiet neighborhood about a 15 minute walk from Las Ramblas but it is much quieter, less touristy and (I'm told) far safer. The English speaking staff was extremely polite and helpful. The hotel itself is very modern and chic. Perhaps too chic for this American hick. But the boutique size of the hotel makes it warm and welcoming. Very nice terrace bar with a cool view on the roof. Very highly recommended for the price.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>travelers80
<Content>Good price with modern rooms Loved the hotel! Stayed in it with my family. The rooms were a decent size and very modern. The bathrooms were spacious and well equipped. The metro stop was one minute away, and only 4 stops to Le Rambles. The rooftop was amazing, especially at night. Very helpful front desk. Would happily stay there again! Thought it was better and more comfortable than other more expensive hotels!  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>SimonPJ007
<Content>Fantastic Hotel in Great Location       Roof top terrace  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Liz_Hodges
<Content>Amazing hotel with great access to city sights. The hotel made a really good impact from the moment we got there. In terms of the downstairs it is really nicely put together with a bar and sit down area for coffee etc. The coffee there is fantastic and the staff were really friendly. The room itself was really clean and nice, with a good view. The only downside was not having enough shelves for the surplus of clothing that I took with me! In terms of getting into the centre of Barcelona, it is walkable in about 15 mins, but to be honest taxis were frequent and cheap enough that there was no need. Overall I loved my stay here and would gladly come back again.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Watfordfcgirl
<Content>Great rooftop bar Very easy to get to hotel. We took the airport bus (A1) to a stop called Urgell, it's only 5 mins from there. The hotel is lovely. Rooms have air-con and a free safe. We didn't have breakfast.The metro is at the end of the road (called Rocafort), but you can walk to Placa Catalunya in 20 mins (turn left at the end of the hotel rd then carry on along the main road)The rooftop bar was excellent. Very relaxing day and night, comfy sofas and good food - not too expensive (decent bottle of cava 18euros)  
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>JonHarris
<Content>Cannot fault this hotel in any way...       great bathroom 2  
<Date>Aug 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>luckeejim
<Content>Excellent Value for Money Hi31/7/08 We have just got back from our Honeymoon staying at the Villa Emilia. It is excellent value for money, we booked via Expedia and got 4 nights at 拢70 (The fourth night was foc) The Hotel is spotless the Staff are very helpful and the Roof Terrace is sublime later in the evening. We stayed in rooom 66 one floor below the Terrace and heard very little noise, However one small gripe was the sliding door into the bathroom left a gap so if you are of a modest nature it may be worth seeing if this was our Room! Kept meaning to ask them but forgot3 stops from the main action (Rocafort) and the Metro is fab..the longest we waited is 3 mins, most of the time you just hopped on!!! we bought a T10 ticket which gave us 7 trips we just shared the ticket during the day this is 7.20鈧?br/>We did not have breakfast at 13鈧?! we went next door to casonava,s which is a deli and the food there was excellent and changed every day average price 5鈧?plus CoffeeThe only problem is that they tend to serve the locals first!!! It's not the cheapest place to drink in but what Hotels are? 9, 5/10 for the Door!CheersBill and Julie  
<Date>Aug 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MrsFfromtheUK
<Content>Roof terrace magic We spent two nights at Villa Emilia last weekend (July) and were really delighted with our choice. It's a modern and sleek hotel, spotlessly clean and comfortable and without the pretentious atmosphere sometimes encountered at 'trendy' hotels.When we arrived at 10.30pm on Friday straight from work in the UK, the roof terrace was like an oasis of calm. Cocktails, comfy sofas, a gentle breeze a flickering candles - bliss!We liked:- The Roof Terrace (actually, I LOVED that!)- The interior design- Free afternoon tea- Quiet locationNot quite so keen on:- The noisy plumbing from the room upstairs- The squeaky door on the room opposite us which woke us up at 7am!  
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>kipling008
<Content>very nice hotel in a quiet place we stay 4 nights in this hotel and it was really a great experience. Very modern furnitures, in a quiet place but near metro rocafort and friendly employees.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Matt72
<Content>Great hotel in a safe neighbourhood - Good value for money in Barca       Placa Reial  
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>breakfast4two
<Content>Unhelpful staff and average location My husband and I stayed at the Villa Emilia for 3 nights in April. It was our first stop of a 4 week tour of Spain. On first impressions it seemed like a lovely designer hotel.Unfortunately, these initial impressions did not last long. While the decor and ambience were inviting, the rooms very modern and clean, the roof top terrace a lovely way to chill and soak up the Barcelona sun (many hotels in Barcelona have these), the biggest let down for this hotel were the uninterested, unhelpful and arrogant staff. Location wise, we found the hotel just that little bit out of the way although it was a quite, safe neighbourhood and the hotel was close to a metro stop. We wouldn't recommend this hotel to anyone who likes to travel and be in the heart of things - and that by no way means staying on the La Ramblas!As we spent 10 days in Barcelona we had the opportunity to stay at 2 other hotels - one in the Barri Gothic and the standout hotel - Hotel Granados 83, in the Eixample district - a fabulous hotel in a wonderful neighbourhood within easy reach to all the main attractions, and if you enjoy good food, you'll find some of the best (not necessarily expensive) restaurants in Barcelona within easy walking distance. .  
<Date>Jul 16, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	3	3	2	1	4	

<Author>SBHgirl
<Content>Best Hotel in Barcelona We just returned from a family trip to Spain. Barcelona and the Hotel Villa Emilia was our first stop. Check-in was easy, and we were able to get our rooms before noon. The staff was friendly and helpful. The rooms were great- plenty big, comfy beds, nice bathrooms and amenities. Breakfast was included in our rate, and it was terrific- large with a lot of variety. There is a reception every night, but we did not make it. The location is about 50 feet from a metro stop, in a quiet residential neighborhood. We loved our 2 night stay here, and would highly recommend it for travelers to Barcelona!  
<Date>Jul 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>TheRoadtoMajastres
<Content>Highlight of our Europe tour Excellent hotel. It's in a quiet location but only a block away from the subway and close to restaurants of all sorts, from corner tapas places to some fine dining. It's about a 15 euro taxi ride from the train station.The room was lovely -- modern but still tasteful. Very quiet, even when the soccer championships were on. Twin beds but they fit together nicely. No bath but a lovely shower 鈥?and full mirror to watch yourself shower if you're in to that kind of thing.The only drawback to our room was the bathroom had a sliding door that didn't quite close all the way. So you had best be comfortable with each other -- or use the restrooms in the basement, which were also very tasteful.The room had a safe, which is nice. We never ate at the hotel, but we had coffee there and it was lovely coffee -- perfect, in fact. There is also a very nice open-air lounge on the roof.The staff was lovely -- young but very friendly and very competent.You can easily walk to the main tourist areas from here in about 15-20 minutes.Great place -- I'd definitely recommend it.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>kristof1
<Content>Superb hotel Villa Emilia is certainly the finest hotel I have ever stayed in. All the reviews I have read on Trip Advisor have been entirely accurate. The rooms are a good size and quiet, with everything you'd expect. The air con worked like a dream. The breakfast is lovely (wine included if early boozing is your thing). The staff were very friendly and accommodated all my requests. The roof terrace is another major plus point which serves great drinks for only a few euros. It was so attractive that we met many locals up there too.One point i would mention is that it is a good 20 minute walk into the main tourist areas which if your not a good walker could be difficult. However, there is a metro stop (Rocafort) less than 50 metres from the Hotel so you can get anywhere in the city in no time at all. We used the metro all the time and found it really easy to use and quick (get a T-10 card as it's really good value and more than one person can use it at a time). We didn't notice any crime issues at all on the metro or in the city as a whole, in fact it felt much safer than any other city i've been to, even late at night.If your travelling from the airport to the hotel the airport bus stops at placa espanya and urgell metro stop both of which are only four blocks either side of the hotel so unless you've got some seriously heavy baggage this is by far the cheapest and easiest option. Tickets cost 4.10 euros compared to at least 25 euros for a taxi.I would recommend this hotel to everyone and i'm already waiting for a chance to go back.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>UkWisetraveller
<Content>Overall, a very good choice There are cheaper hotels but Villa Emilia is worth the extra. It's located on a small quiet square just off the Gran Via de les Corts Catalanes, a main avenue that cuts across the city. A very clean room with a designer look, it had a flat screen TV and a large and comfortable bed.The room had a safe and mini-bar. The bathroom, with black slate tiles and white fittings, was spotless, with a very good power shower. Hairdryer provided and good quality shampoo. The hotel is well worth its 4 star rating. Breakfast, if you have it, is continental buffet style - not the biggest I've seen but personally, adequate with sufficient choice.The hotel is away from the main tourist area. There's a metro station (Rocafort) at the end of the street (approx 50 metres) with good access across the city. It is a 20 minute walk from the hotel to Place de Catalunya (5 minutes on metro), one of the city's main squares. Off this square runs the well known but noisy (and sometimes tacky) street La Rambla. Ten minutes walk in the other direction is Place Espana from where you can get a train to the mountain-top monastery of Monsterrat (easy to reach and not to be missed). Place Espana is also one of the stops for the tourist buses that travel the city on three separate loops (buy a two day ticket -26 euros - there's much to see and the city is large). Could not see many restaurants immediately around the hotel - mainly cafes, but there are probably some in other streets. The hotel does have a restaurant on the ground floor (didn't eat there) and a bar. There's also a rooftop terrace bar (very nice on a warm summer evening). Ate in restaurants near Universitat square (10 minutes walk) and in the streets around Place de Catalunya. Quality and price varied.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>rd76
<Content>Everything we expected The hotel is exactly as portrayed in the other reviews. Small, modern, clean, on the minimalist side, with young and friendly staff. The rooms have a fair size - for my wife and I it was perfect. For American standards rather small. Our room faced a not very busy junction, so we could hear the cars, but the windows were so good that the this did not disturb us, although we are extremely sensitive to noise. I assume that the rooms facing the back of the hotel are completely quiet. Very unusual for city hotels: we could not hear a thing from next door. The bath was also modern and simple. The only minor complaint we had was that the maid was really saving on toiletries.On Sunday, there was only one staff attending to the breakfast buffet, so they had troubles filling back the plates. On the following days the service was excellent. The selection is continental/European, so people from the US may miss their rich breakfast.The hotel is not in the heart of the city, which is good. It is not a rip-off and it is quiet. During the day we moved around by metro - one of the best services we have seen in the world. The Rocafort station was just down the block, so within 15 minutes we could be anywhere we wanted in Barcelona. The service stops at midnight, so for returning to the hotel we used to catch a cab, which cost a ridiculous 7-8 euros per ride  
<Date>Jun 21, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>GiannisAthens
<Content>Lovely hotel, but a bit expensive I liked the hotel. Nice, elegant, clean, definitely a 4 star hotel.Also next to the metro (20 m), in a quite neighbourhood.What I didnot like? First of all, it was expensive. We payed an average of 130 euros/night and the poor breakfast costed an additional 14 euros/day/person.Also, I would like more things in our room, such as additional soaps, shampoos etc, a radio/alarm and bigger rooms.Overall, the hotel was very good, but it could be better.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	2	3	5	3	2	2	

<Author>alok
<Content>classy!! thank u trip advisor.what a great find.lovely hotel and very welcoming.150 euros inclusive of breakfast for all three of us.and extra bed for my 7 year old.good rate barcelona is one expensive city!found it very difficult to get hotels in my budget.decent location not perfect if u like to walk everywhere like us.we had to walk for 20to 30 min to reach catulunya square to take for the bus turistic.though wiyh the great weather it wasn;t difficult.the rooms were really nice.bathroom toileteries were simply wonderfulvery lively in the evenings the bar is very popular.there is a supermarket opposite the hotel,and some nice eateries and nice gelato too right next door.they didnt even charge us when once we called india from the reception.must stay!  
<Date>Jun 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	3	4	5	5	5	

<Author>LouSi
<Content>Fab Hotel! We booked this hotel after seeing the great reviews on Trip Advisor and we weren't disappointed. The hotel is gorgeous! The rooms were cosy and modern and the bathroom was fab - with a power shower that was perfect after a long day sightseeing in the sun! The bar was really nice and very reasonable, we stayed in one night and had about 6 large glasses of red wine and 2 sandwiches and it was only about 20 euros! The terrace was amazing; the only problem was that it wasn't very busy when we were there. In the height of summer, I can imagine that it would be gorgeous up there and a great atmosphere. The afternoon tea was a lovely touch too, served on the 1st floor at about 5pm.The location of the hotel was great, the metro station is just down the road and you can be anywhere in the city in a matter of minutes, invest in a saver ticket. The city is amazing, we loved it! Highly recommended!  
<Date>Jun 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>kathyjobaum
<Content>Loved the location I used Trip Advisor to find a hotel in Barcelona and decided on Hotel Villa Emilia based on recommendations of others. We stayed two nights and were very satisfied with the location, our room, and the staff. The room was large and clean. The staff was helpful and their restaurant was excellent. We were close by La Rambla and the hop on/hop off bus line. I would recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>bklynguy
<Content>Hotel Villa Emilia made Barcelona even that more special       Hotel Villa Emilia  
<Date>May 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>nederlandse_toerist
<Content>Very nice Great location with all facilities just around the corner, incl. metro station. Just outside the touristy and crowded old centre of the city, which is easily reachable on foot (20 or 30 minutes walk) or by metro.The hotel is modern and very pleasant. Free wireless internet access, although the reception of the signal was poor in our room. The roof terrace (with full bar service) is really fantastic, great view over Barcelona.The rooms are very comfortable. They have a safe, so you can leave your valuable stuff (incl. passport) in the room, which is advisable in Barcelona. The bed was perhaps a bit on the hard side, but very pleasant. The bathroom was irreproachable. Barcelona is a noisy city, but the street noise is unhearable if you keep the window closed. The rooms on the first floor (mezzanine level) open on the reception and the hotel bar (music + occasionally a live piano player).Between 17.00 and 19.00 p.m. there is a happy hour with free mineral water, coffee, tea and croissants.The breakfast buffet is okay, incl. sliced cold meat (sausage) and cheese. The breakfast room seems to be a bit on the small side.The hotel staff is professional, sympathetic and helpful.A must visit is Casanovas, the xarcuteria artesana next to the hotel. For superbe tapas, we highly recommend the Cervecer铆a Catalana (in the Eixample district, C/Mallorca).  
<Date>May 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	3	3	3	4	

<Author>portygirl
<Content>Fabulous City Hotel Villa Emilia is a beautiful modern hotel which although not quite central in Barcelona has a convenient Metro station nearby. The room was immaculate, tasteful  modern with great firm beds  a wonderful power shower in the bathroom. The bar was lovely to return to after an exhausting day. Breakfast was great quality  I enjoyed a lovely Bucks Fizz on my birthday with freshly squeezed orange juice  Cava. The reception staff were efficient, let us have our room early  kept our luggage securely on our last day. On future Barcelona visits I will definately return to Villa Emilia.  
<Date>May 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>NiksW
<Content>Lovely friendly hotel Stayed at the Villa Emilia for 3 nights in April with my friend and her parents. Every day we had a lovely breakfast, fantastic selection. There was also tea and coffee available in the afternoon and free internet use.Hotel is in a good location, ok its out of the centre a bit but very close to the tube and easy to get the tour bus. Close to the magic fountains also.The staff in the hotel were all very friendly and helpful - especially Eddie, the barman. Full of helpful tips.If I ever retuen to Barca I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>May 21, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	3	5	5	5	4	

<Author>I-hate-ironing
<Content>One night only.... Booked through hotelopia, and got 10% discount! Great start!Thoroughly enjoyed this lovely hotel. Unfortunately, we only stayed one night pre-cruise, and it was pouring with rain!!!We arrived at about 9pm, and had a few drinks in the bar. The restaurant looked quite busy, which was a good sign. There is also a rooftop bar, which looked amazing, but it was closed due to the rain.Really really nice modern room with lovely slate bathroom.Cost 鈧?5 from airport in taxiCost 鈧?5 to cruise terminal in taxiJust a shame we didn't have time to see any sights, but we'll definitely return for a longer holiday.  
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>KentMrMark
<Content>Loved the Villa Emilia Have justed returned from 3 nights at the Villa Emilia and this hotel is a fabulous place to stay.The hotel is very clean, quiet and I really cant recommend it enough.The hotel is about 20 mins walk away from the main square but we didnt mind this as the hotel is quiet and you will not be disturbed by traffic noise or people. plus its only 5 euros in cab or the metro station is 30 seconds walk away.The staff are very friendly and speak good english and will always treat you like royaltyIf your going to Barcelona and want to stay in a lovely hotel, which is quiet, clean and out of the main square then this is the hotel for you and you will not find any better...  
<Date>May 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>timoken
<Content>Loved the perfume and the gay neighbourhood A month ago me and my father stayed in Villa Emilia in Barcelona. It is really a great hotel, from the beginning till the ending. And there is a perfume in the hotel that even will make you feel good, unbelievable. The staff is very kind and helpful. There are also a lot of free extras which other hotels e.g. in Belgium or the Netherlands would charge like 10 euros an hour for such as the high speed internet which is completely free. The food is delicious and the breakfast is so extended. I saw a lot of 5 star hotels too, and sometimes the food wasn't so good as here in a 4 star hotel. Moreover the hotel is on a perfect location. At only some minutes from a major metro station (Rocafort), the famous Sagradia Familia church, the Ramblas, University,...And last but not least since I'm a gay boy, the hotel is also just in the centre of the gay hotspots such as Hotel Axel, several saunas, clubs, bars ....I would realy recomend this hotel for young upperclass people who love fancy surroundings, business people, older people who still feel young at heart, ...  
<Date>May 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>Gelada
<Content>Excellent! We stayed at Villa Emilia for 3 nights in April. The staff is very helpfull - we asked for an early check in and they did it. We had a spacious room with bath. The hotel gives coffee and croissants in the afternoon as part of your rate. The roof is nicely decorated and very pleasant. The hotel is not exactly in the center but it is close - 20 minutes walk. There is a metro very close. The overall experience was excellent.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>sbranker
<Content>Very Nice Hotel- Awesome This hotel is perfect... for either the family or a couple. My wife and I stayed there after a cruise that ended up in Barcelona and couldn't be happier. Modern, comfortable, classy, great piano bar, roof top deck that was nice, but closed. 15 minute walk to all the shopping and restaurants. Great service..let me check in early. Would definately stay here again.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Charlie-Jos
<Content>Very Nice Hotel This is a very nice hotel out from the hustle and bustle but only three tube stops away from the centre. Recommend buying the 10 journey tube ticket for convenience. Very nice small neat hotel with very friendly staff. It serves continental breakfast which is an adequate start to the day and the bar is very cosy after a long day.We booked directly with the hotel which was the same price as other web sites but they included the continental breakfast in their price. Some rooms only have a shower so if baths are your thing book a room with a bath in advance. Recommend the Blue and Red bus tours which leave fom Catalonya Square every 15 minutes and if you buy the two day pass you will more than save the additional costs by using the discount vouchers given. All the main attractions and food outlets take them. Avoid Las Ramblas restaurants as they are only there to serivce the tourists. There are plenty of nice ,better value restaurants on the side streets.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Kacer99
<Content>very pleasant stay Stayed here from 8th April for 3 nights and had a very enjoyable stay. Staff were very friendly and helpful. The ooms were nice if a tad smaller than we are used to and the absence of a bath was a disappointment having said that the were nicely decorated with modern furnishings and a flat screen TV.The hotel is in a quiet location about 15 minutes walk to the Placa Catalunya or 2 minutes to the Rocaforte Metro stop (and then 5 minutes on the L3 line to the Pl. Catalunya)We did find the breakfast room a bit of a crush but the food was adequate and frequently replenished.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ilovegoingonholiday!
<Content>Fantastic Hotel I stayed here with my husband, sister and brother in law from Friday 11- Sunday 13th April, none of us could fault a thing.The hotel was impressive from the minute we arrrived outside, check in was very quick, we were were in our room within 30 minutes from leaving the airport. I was very impressed with the literature given on arrival, very useful  informative.Rooms were fantastic, very modern with everything you might need. No coffee making facilities but coffee is available in the hotel as part of your room rate. Our rate also included breakfast which was excellent. The rooms are not the biggest we have ever stayed in but they are cetainly not the smallest either. On a nice day the roof terrace is well worth a visit, very inviting and very hot when the sun is out.Found all the bar and reception staff very helpful, they will help with restaurant recomendations and bookings, nothing appeared to be a problem for them.The location of the the hotel is very good, the nearest metro is a couple of minutes walk and is very easy to use, we found the 2 day 鈧?0 ticket excellent value. The Ramblas is about a 20 minute walk away , not far first thing but after a day of sight seeing the metro was very welcome.We found the Ramblas very expensive and would agree with all the comments on the forum to avoid like the plague for eating and drinking but we did enjoy the atmosphere and never saw any problems with pickpockets.Would definately recommend this hotel to anybody visiting Barcelona.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>cmmiller
<Content>Hugely disappointed, very noisy! After reading the great reviews about this property I was looking forward to my stay. I arrived late Friday night, was warmly greeted and given my room key. It was then that I realised that this was going to be a less than stellar stay. Despite booking directly with the hotel over a month in advance, we were given a room that was located directly above the restaurant and bar. There was someone playing the piano upon my arrival and the bar was in full swing, and I could hear every word being said despite being in my room. When I asked about another room given how noisy it was, I was told the property was booked and once the piano stopped, it wouldn't be that bad. And it wasn't, until 7am when the restaurant started setting up for breakfast and I could hear every chair being moved and glass being placed. Needless to say, we got very little sleep despite trying! Do not stay in rooms 10 or 12!!! When I voiced my disappointment at check out, they were not surprised about the complaint and in all honesty, seemed to expect it, so they are aware of the problem. Given the price of the room, this sort of service is not acceptable. Too bad, the hotel was lovely, good breakfast, but that doesn't offset not getting any sleep. Bring ear plugs!  
<Date>Apr 14, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NancyBG
<Content>great value for the money Clean, very comfortable. Helpful staff. If you want to be right in the thick of things, this may not be the location for you, as it is not right in the tourist area of town. But it was a great, safe neighborhood, within 20 - 30 minutes' walk of most sights, and 1 block from a very convenient Metro stop. The breakfast was really good, too!  
<Date>Apr 10, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	3	5	4	4	5	

<Author>snorkel-luvin
<Content>just great! I agree with all the positive reviews of this hotel. Clean, attractive, comfortable and with very friendly staff. The breakfast was the best we had on our trip, inc. self-serve coffee, hot and cold dishes, served near the little fireplace in the lobby bar area. Be sure to enjoy the rooftop bar. We went up and had a great conversation with a lovely elderly couple--the man had grown up in the building (before renovation!) and told us stories. Villa Emilia was named after his mother. That just added to the charm of our stay. On the map, this looks far from Ramblas and the Gaudis, but it was actually an easy walk. Metro is good and quick for getting to Sagrada Familia.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jayne64
<Content>What a find! My husband and i have just returned from a three night stay at this fabulous hotel. The hotel was fantastic. The staff were extremely helpful even down to letting us print off our boarding passes at the reception printer. It is immaculately clean and as my family would tell you i'm extremely fussy! The breakfasts are plentiful with a good choice. To my husband it was like being a child in a sweetie shop!Upon the recommendation of the barman/ manager, we bought a 2 day tourist bus ticket. It was well worth the 26 Euros. There are three routes and you can get on and off as many times as you like to explore. It gives you a chance to see places and decide if you want to go back there later or the next day to visit them.The metro is clean and safe. Not once did we feel threatened. I would recommend buying a 10 trip ticket as we both shared it, hence saving quite a few Euros.We will definately go back to this hotel, its worth every Euro!  
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MATDEN40
<Content>Great Hotel and Service We had a wonderful stay at this small botique hotel in a great part of Barcelona. Firstly let me say if you want La Rambla you will be about a 15 minute walk away in a nice quiet neighbourhood and also safe and a 2 minute stroll to the metro.The rooms are small but very clean and contempary with great double glazing, so no nosie from outside.The staff were all very pleasant and helpful, make sure they reccommend more local tapas restaurants and not the usual commercial ones.The lobby is lovely as well as the great roof terrace where you can sit and have a nice drink at anytime. They also serve afternoon tea, frre of charge in the lobby at 5.30pm, a nice treat after a full day of sightseeing. The breakfast was also very nice, good teas and coffee as well as champagne with eggs.We have stayed in many hotels throughtout the world and would really reccomend Hotel Villa Emillia to anyone on all aspects.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>vairolaw
<Content>modern, clean,great staff bkft and lobby bar, plus excellent location I agree with all other posts. This is a great hotel and allows you to get away from the action and chaos of the Rambla and Gotic.Hotel is a short walk to the MAgic Fountains, which is a must see at Plaza Espanya, 5 min walk.Also, nice Mexican Rst down the srteet on Grand Via Catalyuna.Had a great stay despite cost of Euro.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Ali37
<Content>Uber Cool Just returned from this amazing hotel. Spent the Easter weekeng at this hotel. What can I say, this hotel was a truly amazing experience. The breakfast is a must and worth paying the extra. The hotel staff were excellent. Overall this was a fabulous experience and I would certainly book here again. The hotel is in a good location and is a 1 minute walk to the metro.10 out of 10The only negative would be the lighting in the room is low (if I am being really picky!)  
<Date>Mar 26, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Elmer&Lizette
<Content>Excellen hotel Beautiful rooms. Spacious, modern and clean. Breakfast is great. Well assorted and with some local products. Good location near the subway, you 'll be on the ramblas in 10 minutes. Staff is friendly. The hotel has nice deck on the roof that I expect to be very pleasant on warm evenings. Truly an excellent hotel  
<Date>Mar 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>SEFDPH
<Content>Fantastic! We stayed here for 3 nights for what was my first trip to Barcelona and have nothing to complain about. The hotel is friendly, clean and modern with a completely relaxed atmosphere. The rooms were lovely, the shower powerful and the buffet breakfast a lovely way to start the day. Staying here helped contribute towards a fantastic trip and the location is perfect to see all the treats Barcelona has to offer. It is close enough if you fancy a nice walk to the Las Ramblas area but a stones through from the (extremely efficient) underground system if you would rather travel that way. All in all a fabulous experience.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>simba101
<Content>Wonderful experience My wife and I had a wonderful few nights at the Villa Emillia and would like to describe it as one of the best hotels at which we have stayed in Europe over the last few years. The rooms and bathrooms are quite stylish and modern and exceptionally clean. We really liked the reception area with bar and eating area where you could get daily newspapers (English and Spanish) and interesting wines at very affordable prices. The staff were very friendly and helpful, especially the bar attendants with helpful and informative information on wines in the area.The location is close to the Rocafort metro station with a fast link to Placa Catalunya, which means that it is close to everything, but not in the streets with the crowds.We can unconditionally recommend the Villa Emilia and will definitely return when we are in Barcelona again!  
<Date>Mar 10, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>gemo
<Content>a discovery villa emilia is a great new property in barcelona, run by a couple of very welcoming young (fourty something) hoteliers.its modern, yet very comfortable, a few blocks from la rumbla and the placa espana (excuse the mistakes).staff is very professionnal and friendly.the bar at groundlevel, offers an all day dining (sort of) made of tapas and small cold and warm dishes.dont forget to hit the rooftop for a very nice terrace/bar, very enjoyable at sunset.voila an excellent property, reasonably priced, with wounderfull hosts.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>7171
<Content>Wonderful Experience After reading many of the Trip Advisor reviews on hotels, I decided to try the Villa Emilla. We were in Barcelona for only two nights before taking a cruise to celebrate my Aunt's 80th birthday. Not only was I selecting a hotel for my husband and myself but 12 other members of my family!! A bit nervous indeed. I can not tell you how fantastic a choice I made and all agreed. The first evening, my Aunt experienced a fall and by the time we got back to the hotel she was faint and decided to go to the hospital. Nothing serious, just too much travel. She returned to the hotel very late in the evening so no food was available at the hotel. Without even being asked to, a staff member went to a nearby cafe and brought her back soup and bread! The hotel is very near the Metro which is easy to use and takes you all over the city. We were always happy to return to the hotel as it was such a warm and inviting place to be. Loved the breakfast, must try the rooftop, staff was like family. Thank you for making my decision perfect.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jamesandmartha
<Content>Modern in a traditional setting Near Rocafort metro station, at the intersection of Disputacio and Callabria. Both are busy streets but our sixth floor room was well clear of the traffic noise.The immediate area has all the bustle of downtown, with small shops and cafes. The hotel contrasts with this in its sleek, modern design and relaxed atmosphere.On the first floor is a 'mezzanine' sitting area overlooking Reception. Here there is a computer with internet access and each day in the early evening there is a complimentary snack of coffee/tea/pastries. Up to date international newspapers come free.We spent three very pleasant nights at the hotel but since we were tourists we did not try out all the amenities (such as room service). The room was very comfortable and clean. The staff were very friendly and attentive.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>magpieranger
<Content>Well Recommended Stayed at The Villa Emilia for 3 days in Jan 2008, wish it could have been longer. 3 couples all had a great stay, hotel facilities were superb, staff friendly and helpful most spoke excellent english (well, better than mine).Breakfast was good and my wife loved the free coffee on the mezzanine floor between 5 and 7.The hotel is close enough to walk to most of the main attractions and far enough away to be peaceful at night.Loved every minute.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>EireIreland
<Content>Super Modern Hotel This hotel has a modern feel and finish throughout. The bedrooms are roomy and the bathrooms are high quality. The Metro is only 2 minute walk away! Found the staff very helpful both with recommending restaurants and ordering taxi's.The only negitive is that in our particular room - a double - the double bed was actually 2 single beds pushed together. But other than that found the hotel excellent. Will definetely stay there again and recommend it to others.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>katem2203
<Content>Beautiful Hotel, Bargain price!       Bathroom  
<Date>Jan 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>paulmarbella
<Content>Wonderful hotel Simply a wonderful hotel perfectly located just far enough from the very busy parts of Barcelona but close enough to access by foot or public transport.We were a group of 11 celebrating my 50th birthday for a weekend visit to the city.Everything is total quality from the cleaniness of the hotel to the staff working there.Was a little disappointed on arrival with the slowness of the male receptionist but after that everything was perfect.The staff cannot do enough to help you enjoy your stay.Would certainly recommend the hotel and use again.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	2	5	-1	

<Author>frequent_traveller6
<Content>Best Hotel i've ever stayed in!!!! The staff were all very friendly and helpful. They went out of there way to help us.The bar downstairs is lovely to sit in and have a few drinks by the fire before heading out.The room was massive and very luxurious. Bed was nice, room had good climate control and a lovely bathroom.The hotel had a lovely terrace bar which was closed when we were there due to poor weather but we went up and had a look anyway and it would be gorgeous in the summer.A 1 minute walk to Rocafort Metro and a 20 min walk to Placa de Catalunya the main area or 5 min metro journey.Shame the hotel had no restaurant. (only gripe)  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Janet2008
<Content>A great stay but keep a copy of your original booking details ..       Our bedroom  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Stars16
<Content>Excellent stay, Great Hotel       The bedroom  
<Date>Jan 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>himitsu
<Content>Very very nice hotel, though it may not look very Spanish I booked this hotel based on the tripadvisor reviews and for Expedia's discount deal (stay for three nights and get one night's stay for free). The check-in was smooth, the staff was friendly. The room was, as expected, quite minimalist. Very spacious room with two single beds, what really charmed me was a box in which sample perfumes from Bulgari and two mini bottles of martini on the desk as a compliment for the guest. The bathroom was very clean and there's a very good tub (if you are used to the shallow American-style tub, this hotel's tub is going to be a treat). They provide one big bath towel and a mid-size one, if you like using the small washcloth-sized towel, bring your own. I decided to book with Expedia, although the hotel website also had a good deal that included their renowned buffet breakfast with Cava. I went for the Room-only deal with the Expedia because I wanted to expolre the breakfast scene in the neighborhood, and it was going to be cheaper to do so. The buffet breakfast at the hotel looked very nice (and indeed you can help yourself to glasses of Cava in the morning, what a treat), but it does not start until 7:30. We got up at around six (jet-lag?) and got pretty hungry so we went to look for breakfast in the neighborhood. There's a bakery between the hotel and the Metro Station Rocafort, called Pan something (sorry lost the exact name), but you'll see locals flocking to this bakery from about 6:30 so you won't miss it. Their pastries are very big, and they obviously used high quality wheat. Their sandwiches (with omelettes and jamon) were so good we went back every morning for more. You need to queue a little because there are loyal fans from the neighborhood claiming their morning fix of their pastries with cafe con leche. Back to the room. The TV, like in many European hotels, many channels didn't have any sound, or if at all, only very faint sound. The hotel staff didn't know how to fix it, so we were not able to watch too much TV, which is not very necessary anyway given you are in Barcelona.The only thing about the room is that because it is rather generically minimalist, it may remind many from the UK of a generic luxury flats in any city in England. It did certainly remind me of my previous flat. In other words, it did not feel very Spanish or Catalan, but it was comforting in a way, to have guaranteed cleanliness and convenience of modern flat living. I may try to stay in a place with a little stronger character next time, but I might also end up choosing Villa Emilia again because for this good price, I don't know if you can get much better service of comfort.The staff was all very kind and friendly, which was I guess very Spanish. Overall a very very nice hotel, I won't hesitate to recommend it to a good friend or family.  
<Date>Dec 22, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>happytraveler8888
<Content>Wonderful experience Hotel was more than we expected. Wonderful location--nice walk to tourist spots but far from the crowds. Friendly staff with excellent suggestions for restaurants. Free internet in location where you can hear piano bar. Clean rooms. Refreshing shower. Lovely rooftop area for sitting and seeing the view. Convenient stores nearby to pick up snacks for picnics/take-out.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Browneire
<Content>Echoes of qua1's experience Location wise this hotel is great, its a 2 min walk to the Metro. Then again, Barcelona has over 200 metro stops so few hotels are 5 mins from any one them.I booked a double room through the hotel website. I checked in and was handed my keycard with mediocre welcome and no warning of the twin room that awaited. Upon discovery and subsequent complaint I was told that if I got down early the next day I could probably switch room. On requesting a manager I got the clich茅d 'ma帽ana' response.The twin room was equipped with LCD tv, for no other reason other than a larger tv simply wouldn't fit into the room. Even though my tv watching was only for 5 mins at a time, it was further curtailed by the channels being out of tune. The bathroom had a sliding door which on closing leaves 30-40mm of a gap into the bedroom.On the second day I got my room changed but again was able to speak with a manager 'ma帽ana'. The double room was far more spacious and closer to the 4star standard.On checking out I they tried to charge me an extra 鈧?0 on what my booking form read, implying that I had changed the form myself. I have would have no hesitation in recommending this hotel as a good 3star if it were at a 3star price... but it eint!  
<Date>Dec 11, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	4	1	4	3	

<Author>blinkin
<Content>Fab hotel but with some issues Just returned from a 5 day stay at this hotel. It is a very smart and modern hotel with plush rooms, smart bathrooms, chic bar area called the Zinc Bar. The location of the hotel was also ideal. Close to a metro station, or easy to get a taxi.We found a few issues, that might not necessarily bother some people. For example, the hotel advertises air conditioning in the rooms, however this is not on in the winter ( It was quite hot on the 6th floor) You couldnt sleep with the window open, as it was noisy. We also found the breakfast disappointing. Little choice, horrible tasting orange juice. The bar staff were very friendly.The last issue we had, which really spoilt our stay was at the end when settling the bill. We were not given the choice to pay in euros rather than pounds, so we were given a bad rate. We asked them to change this and they said it was too late, yet on the receipt it states that we were given a choice. Make sure you check this.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	4	5	3	3	5	

<Author>Gem_81
<Content>Great Hotel!! Just returned from a 3 night stay at the Villa Emilia in Barcelona. The hotel was lovely very modern and very well maintained. We arrived around 11am on a Sunday morning and where able to check in straight away to our double room. The rooms where a good size for a city hotel and the bathroom was very nice. The bed was comfortable and the sheets where of a good quality. The front desk were helpful with directions and gave us a map and a guide book. The hotel is in a great, safe location. There is a metro stop about 150 metres away (Rocafort) which takes about 5 mins to get to Catalunya which is the stop at the top of La Ramblas, walking takes 10 - 15 minutes and is one straight road to the top of La Ramblas. The roof terrace of the hotel is lovely, we had great weather for the time of year and enjoyed a bottle of wine up there in the evening before exploring! The breakfast is also a great continental breakfast.Overall I would recommend this hotel and would definitely return if in Barcelona.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>buffy01
<Content>Disappointed ... Having read the great reviews about the hotel villa emilia on this website I was really looking forward to staying in the hotel almost as much as my trip to Barcelona, unfortunately I left after my three day stay feeling a bit disappointed.The hotel IS in a great location , far enough away from the noise of the centre but with good public transport links.My main gripe was with my room, even though I had requested a room on one of the higher floors we were put into a room on the first floor , the first floor is a mezzanine overlooking the lobby and bar area ie there is no wall so therefore from inside the room we could hear the noise of people in the bar, piano playing until 1.00am and the night porter having conversations with people coming in from their nights out, also in the morning you could hear the staff getting the bar set up for breakfast. I did ask to be moved to another room but apparently the hotel was full so no joy. So my advice is request that you dont get allocated rooms 10,11 or 12 .Breakfast was fine, staff worked well to keep everything replenished and in general the staff were efficient and friendly.So overall my stay was not as good as I had expected , I'm sure if I had been staying in another room my experence would have been much more positive.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	4	4	4	3	4	

<Author>Poosie50
<Content>Fab Lovely hotel away from the biz but Metro just along the road. Taxi's very reasonable. Roof top bar a must! Pianist in main bar lovely as was the cava served at breakfast. If you can't face cava for breakfast then just have wine!  
<Date>Nov 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mbruce28
<Content>Great Hotel, Great staff The city that never sleepsJust had a great weekend in Barcelona. Thought the hotel was very clean/comfortable and the staff were very friendly. The Hotel it's self was about 20 minutes walk from the centre but after a few days there and hearing how much noice and people there was around the centre we were glad of the peace and quite we retreated to each night. If you don't like walking there is a metro station at the bottom of the road(Rocafort) which you can take quite easily to any of the other attractions.Most places were closed on a Sunday but it gave you a great change to just stroll around the city at your leisure. The square around the cathedral in the Barri Gotic seemed to be a great meeting place with the locals round about mid-day where they all danced along to tradition Catalunyan music.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Pam67
<Content>Lovely, contemporary hotel in Barcelona I booked Villa Emilia after reading the reviews on the Tripadvisor website and was definitely not disappointed. My husband was at a conference in Barcelona and I joined him for the weekend. I loved the interior design of the hotel. it was extremely clean and we had a lovely corner room with three full height windows which made the room lovely and bright. We had a tub with a shower over it and the strength of the shower certainly wakened us up in the morning. The mattress was firmer than most hotels but I liked that and I loved the big square pillows on the bed. All the staff were extremely friendly and helpful. The hotel is just around the corner from the metro and has got lots of lovely looking restaurants nearby. We did not try any out though as we ate in the centre on both nights. On our return to the hotel on our first evening there was a pianist playing and we sat and enjoyed the ambience whilst having a glass of bubby. There is a really nice roof terrace where you can chill out and have coffee or a drink and something to eat. The breakfast is very good too - continental style with lots of pastries, ham, cheese, boiled eggs, bread, cereals. We ate in the hotel for lunch and had a really tasty mozzarella, tomato and avocado salad with our sandwiches. I found the hotel food and drink to be very reasonably priced, I actually found most of Barcelona to be that way too. On our second evening we ate at Taller de Tapas in the Born District next to the Santa Maria del Mar Church. We had to wait 30 minutes or so for a table but it was worth it. The atmosphere is buzzing and the food was delicious. We had 8 good sized tapas dishes with a side of tomato bread followed by Crema Calatana (which we shared!) and two soft drinks was around 50 euros.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	3	5	5	5	4	

<Author>apttraveller
<Content>Great stay at the Villa Emilia I stayed here for a week in early November. I am an American who lives in Austria. This is my second time in Barcelona and my favorite so far. The hotel and rooms are tastefully styled. Yes the bed is hard. However, I found that I actually liked the hard bed after the first night. When leaving my back never felt better. The TV has BBC world which is the only English station.The breakfast was excellent by european standards. There was fresh fruit, excellent freshly squeezed juices, good cheese and meat selection, smoked salmon, tasty pastries, and good stong coffee. You could also make your own hard-boiled eggs, but I failed miserabley here as did most people I watched. The bar was fun. The beer on tap was Pilsner Urquell which is much better than any Spanish beer. I enjoyed having a beer at the end of the day and speaking with the other guests. The staff is really focused on service. Not the Four Season, but very very good. My wife came in for the weekend and I asked to move to a room with a bathtub instead of a shower. This was arranged without a problem and my luggage was in the room when I returned. Also their restaurant recommendations were excellent. Go to Barceloneta down by the harbor for excellent paella. I tried El Suquet from a guidebook recommendation. Avoid El Suquet. The rotissee chicken was dry and everything else we had was poor or mediocre in quality, plus the service was rude and the prices high.Overall this hotel is good choose if you want a more intimate hotel in a good part of town without spending a fortune.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>thebeatle
<Content>Very nice place, but can be a bit too minimalist for some Just got back from Barca from our 1st anniversary wkend away trip and stayed 3 nights at this place. 1st impressions were that it looks great, nice Zinc Bar in foyer, smallish reception area but its not a problem. Welcome was too the point, business like but no complaints. Room was nicely decorated and very chic, but bathroom extractor fan didnt work leaving the bathroom a bit smelly and if reading this Hotel Villa Emilia, please change the type and content of bleach used in bathroom and towels, its very strong smelling, and the 2 single beds joined together is a no no (especially with the easy slipage apart on a wooden floor). Not ideal for a couple on a anniversary trip ;-)Now my point about being minimalist. The toiletteries were very limited (no shower cap for misuss, no cotton buds etc etc), no alarm clock (or clock even), not a single English TV/news/music channel (although that might be a plus point to get out and see the city for longer). No kettle or complimentry water (would be nice not to have to pay 3 euros every time for the water in the minibar, also would be nice for the maid not to remove a 3/4 full bottle of paid for water left on the desk and restock the minibar with a new bottle (which would have to be paid for again) every time we get back to room at night. Now for some plus points. The free fast wireless internet connection is good and a large safe to accomodate a laptop is perfect. The breakfast and staff serving it were excellent, Zinc bar staff friendly as well. The hotel settings and location is nice quiet, safe, clean and close to the Metro station L1 (Rocafort). Would I recommend and/or come back here, yes certainly if they started furnishing rooms with proper double beds, oh and the prices remain reasonable :)  
<Date>Nov 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	3	5	5	

<Author>fiveTwelve
<Content>Great hotel, might not go back       view from our window  
<Date>Oct 31, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lozzy1966
<Content>Great Hotel. We just got back from a 3 night stay in this fantastic hotel. I would highly recommend it if you are looking for a clean, modern hotel in a quiet and safe area. The roof terrace is a wonderful place to sit and enjoy a glass of wine or a beer after a busy day exploring this great city. Choose to stay here and you will not be disappointed.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Beaubee
<Content>One of the best We spent 4 really great days at Villa Emilia - our first visit to Barcelona. As an advert for staying in this fabulous city, VE takes some beating! The staff were friendly and very helpful - the Manager even invited a mother  her 2 children into the foyer to shelter from a huge thunderstorm and they stayed until it was over. All the rooms were clean and our bedroom was very quiet - just what we wanted.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Somcutza
<Content>Great choice!!!!       Inside the room  
<Date>Oct 10, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>FeezySurrey
<Content>Great Hotel in Barcelona What a great hotel for a weekend break in Barcelona. Very clean and modern. Friendly staff and great bedrooms/bathrooms. Easy location to walk to the metro, catch a cab (quite cheap) or take a stroll into the main tourist areas. Would certainly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>James9751
<Content>Stylish accommodation, great location Just returned from a wonderful stay at Hotel Villa Emilia. Accommodation was very comfortable and stylish. Staff were very helpful before and during our stay. Roof terrace bar was a nice place to relax with a bottle of Cava. Breakfast was tasty and filling.Location was just out of the way from the main action, 10 minutes walk to Placa de Catalunya, and on the same block as the metro station (only 2 stops to Placa to Catalunya).Highly recommended for a couple's short break. I cannot really think of any faults with our stay, and we would certainly stay at Hotel Villa Emilia next time we visit Barcelona.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>annabella35
<Content>Great hotel!! I always read on tripadviosor about hotels to see what others likes and don't like.We completley agree with all who likes Villa Emilia!A very fresh, stylish and friendly hotel with a lovely roof terrace.Our room was very quiet and very clean. Very nice bathroom and comfortable bed (no doublebed though) 2 twins pushed together.The staff were ecxellent and helped us with everything we wanted to know!About 15-20 minutes walk to Placa Catalunya or the metro is just a couple of stops aways. Our metrostop was just about 50 m from the hotel. Across from the hotel is an little shop were you can buy fruit and water for exampel.We can highly recommend Villa Emilia!  
<Date>Oct 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sf004
<Content>Top Hotel We spent a great 4 day break at Villa Emilia. The staff were friendly and helpful, they booked our taxi from the airport and pre-booked the restaurants each evening (Cal Pep and Los Caracoles - both excellent).Villa Emilia is in a great location - only one block from the Metro Station, where a single ticket anywhere in the city cost only 1.25 Euros, but the taxi's were really reasonable around the city anyway. It would probably take you between 10-15 mins to walk to Ramblas. The room itself was extremely stylish with great attention to detail. There was a goodie box with perfumes, sun cream and martini samplers. The bed was very comfortable. The bathroom was a real luxury and had lovely complimentary toiletries. The breakfasts were delicious and plentiful - coffees, teas, juices, hams, cheeses, smoked salmon, breads, fruit salads, yoghurts, pastries and soft boiled eggs.The roof top terrace was a lovely way to start the evening. We would meet with our friends for a drink before we left for the restaurant. The cosy sofas and warm breeze with fantastic city views.We really could not fault Villa Emilia and would thoroughly recommend this hotel to anyone staying in Barcelona.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Tapenada
<Content>We loved it We really enjoyed our 7-day stay. The room was comfortable, very quiet and clean. The bathroom was beatiful, the only issue was the shower - looks really nice but it splashes a lot. We loved the buffet breakfast and the happy hour coffee and pastries. The terrasse is probably the best feature of the hotel - gorgeous plants, sofas and a great view.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LatindollNyc
<Content>Villa Emilia is the BEST! My friend and visited Spain in July. Barcelona was our third and last stop. We stood at the Villa Emilia for three nights during July and we absolutely loved the hotel (very contemporary and clean), staff (friendly and helpful) and the amenities (Laura Bottoni-need I say more?). The staff was very helpful in recommending places for us to visit. They were really very friendly and polite...quite a change from what we experienced in Madrid! I recommend this lovely hotel to anyone visiting Barcelona-you will NOT regret it! Ciao  
<Date>Sep 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>MaryNorthEastEngland
<Content>Comfortable and stylish We have just returned from Barcelona staying at the Villa Emilia for 3 nights. The hotel is in a quiet area a few Metro stops from the Ramblas area. We found the hotel very clean and stylish with nice goodies in the bathroom. Mini bar, safe, nice shower and very comfortable beds. Hotel breakfast was good, buffet style which even offered Cava! The hotel does not have a restaurant, but does have a lovely roof top bar, although this is expensive. If I have to nit pick, the hotel provides very little information, especially on the local area. When asked for recommendations for evening meal we were told Just walk that way you will find something. We didn't! In short then hotel clean and comfortable but don't arrive too late. Easy Metro ride to centre and most attractions but immediate locale is more residential than touristy. For first time visitors, don't miss the Market off the Ramblas which has fantastic selections of fish, fruit, meat, tapas, etc especially welcome were the fresh fruit drinks available, although don't just buy the first you see as prices vary from 1 euro upto 2.50 euro depending on proximity to entrance. No difference in size or quality just price.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	3	5	2	4	3	

<Author>SomeBrit
<Content>Styish hotel in good location We booked this for 6 nights after reading the reviews here. On the whole, the information we read in other reviews to date is still fairly accurate. Location: unlike other European cities, it would be a mistake to book into a hotel too close to the action (eg on the Ramblas). Instead, I reckon the most important thing is to be close to a metro station. This hotel certainly is that, with Rocafort (red line 1) on the same block. Get a multi-day metro pass and then you can get anywhere trivially. The Barcelona metro seems both nicer and simpler than London and Paris.That said, the top of the Ramblas is about 15 mins walk from the hotel, and the Placa de Espanya is a few blocks away. The MNAC art gallery and other attractions on Montjuic are easily walkable (the small hill has escalators all up it).Restaurants: I don't agree with some previous comments in reviews, there are actually a few passable places within a couple of blocks of the hotel. If you're prepared to walk a bit, you start getting dozens of places, and the most the city within a short metro. A safe bet for international travellers would be Bella Napoli (ok, so not very Spanish but amazing pizza) which is about 20 mins walk, or close to Poble Sec by metro. The hotel doesn't have so much a restaurant as a bar that serves food. It's based on the ground floor, but you can also go up to the terrace on the roof and order food/drinks to be brought up to you. The cooked meat platter was great, and for a simple starter before going out, try sharing the avocado, tomato, mozzarella salad with some bread. The bar seemed to come out surprisingly cheap on the final bill. There was one barman, young chap, in particular who was very helpful and charming, but sadly I didn't ask his name.The hotel staff in general were superb. We arrived at our stay early in the day and were allowed to check in immediatley, and also had a couple of extra hours for checkout before we had to catch our train. When I needed a pharmacist on a Sunday morning, the receptionist found and phoned the duty pharmacist closest to the hotel and made sure I knew where I was going.The rooms themselves are very stylish indeed, and comfortably spacious. The beds were brilliant, with comfortable matresses and linen. I can confirm a previous reviewer: the double is just two singles shover together. While this may not be unusual in hotels, there was no mechanism here for keeping them together, and the bed linen was single beds. They had a tendancy to slip apart on the shiny wooden floor. There was a real danger of falling in between them. All it would take to fix this would be to tie the bed legs together. Perhaps we should have just done this!The bathroom we had was huge, and I loved the shower (essentially just a glass screened off section of the bathroom). The whole hotel had good stable FREE WIRELESS internet access, just phone reception for the password. The room was spotlessly clean, and was uncannily quiet (room 50). Room was properly non-smoking, as was the whole hotel except the roof terrace. Only the lift smelt of smoke.Though I'm sure you can get acceptable breakfast locally, I would recommend eating it in the hotel, even at extra cost. It's a buffet so is fast and then you can get on with exploring the city. The breakfast itself was a slightly mixed experience. On the one hand, the food was basically great: cooked meats/cheeses, cold tortilla, bread, tomato, cereals, yoghurt, pastries, boiled egg (by the neat machine), toast, jam, juices, coffee, cake, cava etc. The staff were very attentive in topping things up, even long after the official close time of breakfast. The range of food changed slightly each day. On the other hand, the breakfast bar and table area was surprisingly small for a hotel with about 50 rooms. So it requires a little good behvaiour from all guests. Over the six days, it becomes clear that any of these are a problem: people who talk extremely loudly at their table (with invariably dull conversation), anyone who goes to the buffet and clears out a particular item (and then doesn't eat it) and people who feel the need to have an elaborate morning stretch at the breakfast table and in the process thereby punch misfortunate passers by (me, one morning). Still, that's all the hazard of other guests first thing in the morning. Hotel could only hope to fix it by opening out the breakfast area somehow. Or maybe these are things that just wind me up: you can probably tell that I'm not best tollerant before food in the morning!The main issue with the hotel was the heat management. The room had an aircon in it which was effective and very quiet, just took a few hours to really do its thing. However, the corridors were perpetually extremely hot and uncomfortable - far hotter than outside, perhaps due to excessive lighting. The lifts were mini-saunas. Further, when we went out and our rooms were serviced, we would come back to find the aircon swtiched OFF again and the curtains fully open with the sun blazing in heating up the room. This happened 6 days in a row. I don't see why the hotel couldn't improve this easily: eg by having the lifts sit open at reception level when not in use, ventilating the corridors occasionally, more sensible lighting wattage in the corridor, and thinking about how a room is left for the rest of the day after servicing. This heat issue is the reason my rating for this hotel is a 4 and not a 5. Would we stay here again if in Barcelona: yes, I'd like to, especially if there were good deals going. I'd still probably scout hotel search websites for any bargains at other places with high tripadvisor raiting also though.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>NCTraveler49
<Content>great hotel in a great city After choosing this hotel from reviews on TripAdvisor, we were not disappointed. It was comfortable, beautiful and in a quiet neighborhood, which was refreshing after the crowds of Barcelona. We took the Bus Touristic, which was about a 10 minute walk away but the subway is about a block away and easy to use. The only thing that we were disappointed in were the lack of decent restaurants that were handy. I would recommend this hotel and would stay there again.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Traceter
<Content>Lovely Hotel Booked this hotel after seeing a great deal on the internet and reading previous reviews. It was everything that we could have hoped for - good quiet location but within easy reach of the Ramblas strip where the Tourist bus leaves from. The room was immaculate and I agree that the bed was very comfortable - the best pillows ever! Rooftop bar was great and the bar prices were pretty good.Would stay again and would have no hesitation in recommending this hotel. I could not fault it any way. Go seek out and enjoy!  
<Date>Aug 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>RadissonLim
<Content>Great Hotel, Fantastic staff We stayed in this hotel 2 weekends ago in the middle of a 9 night trip. It was easy to find and was very trendy around the lobby and recpetion area.Bedroom was a good size, air conditioned and well equipped - great bathroom.The roof top terrace was the biz, we ended up walking into Las ramblas each night and then returned to this bar for a few drinks. Very relaxing.Would highly recommend this to anyone looking for a nice hotel in one of Europes best cities.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Limklady
<Content>Great hotel - has it all.. We stayed here for 2 nights and it was an excellent stay. The rooms are a little small but good size bathrooms and very quite which is hard to find in a busy city. Breakfast provided an excellent selection and they serve until 12 noon at weekends which is a great idea! The roof top bar was really nice and I would definately return there if I was going to Barcelona again...  
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mojomac
<Content>Excellent Hotel!!! First time in Barcelona to celebrate my wifes birthday and this was a great find at a very reasonable rate.Arrived late due to BA losing luggage and my expectations were exceeded on arrival - tough one when you are ratty and tired.....The staff were welcoming and efficient - The Rooms were modern and the Roof Top Bar was a great retreat!!!! - Oh, and the beds were sooooo comfy!!!!!25 min walk to Ramblas or tube 50M from Hotel.I am not one to go back to hotels that often (on holiday anyway) but Barcelona was wonderful and this Hotel made it perfect.We'll be back :0)  
<Date>Aug 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>martycaf
<Content>Fantastic Contemporary Hotel Cant praise this hotel enough, loved staying here, spent 8 nights. Very friendly and helpful service. They recommended great places to eat, and even rang to make resevations. This is a brand new hotel, and delivered everything you see on the hotel website. The room was spotless and very quiet, excellent air-con system. The roof terrace is brilliant, drinks are brought up to you from the bar. Location is great, just a couple of steps from Rocafort metro stop. Cant think of anything negative. Cant wait to come back! Recommend Sazzerak for food, on Consell de Cent 211.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Bigh220
<Content>Nice cute place This was our first trip to Barcelona and we were looking for something somewhat centrally located offering four star or better accommadations. This hotel hit the mark perfectly.Firstly, the staff was extremely friendly. The hotel lobby is small but laid out well. The room itself was nice. View from the hotel was ok nothing special. Pros:Literally right down the block from the Metro.ServiceView from TerraceFree Internet ServiceCons:King size bed was really two twins joined togetherBkfast was buttcheeksT.V. only had one English channel (this is truly a stupid minor point but figured I would inform)Overall, I'd stay again as we got a pretty good deal on Hotels.com (fourth night free) and enjoyed our experience.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>TravelSnob1
<Content>Fantastic       Roof Top Terrace Bar  
<Date>Jun 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>cmn12340
<Content>Fantastic Hotel We stayed in the hotel for 3 nights in June and I don't have a bad word to say about it. The rooms are really modern, with great decor and huge bathrooms. The staff were fantastic and always willing to help out. The roof terrace is the highlight of the hotel, where you can sit out and have a drink delivered up to you while you relax on the large couches before hitting the town. The drink prices are very reasonable (鈧? for a large beer and a large wine) and the lunch menu was tasty. The piano player in the main bar really brings a bit of atmosphere to the place.The day before we left, I asked for a late check out. They said we could stay until 3pm at no extra cost, which was great considering it was peak season.On my next visit to Barcleona I will definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Italiantrotter
<Content>Great location    showReview(7728469, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 1, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>qua1
<Content>Just a bad experience !   showReview(7721975, 'full');   
<Date>May 30, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	2	3	1	-1	

<Author>iloveholidaysmore
<Content>Warmly recommend Villa Emilia   showReview(7547843, 'full');   
<Date>May 5, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bimmer4
<Content>Would Recommend Villa Emilia   showReview(7487570, 'full');   
<Date>May 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>saultours
<Content>Absouletly loved the Villa Emilia   showReview(7419569, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>JPC17
<Content>Absolutely Loved The Villa Emilia!   showReview(7331023, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>babsp123
<Content>Absolutely recommended   showReview(7327008, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	4	3	

<Author>daveypodmore
<Content>Excellent hotel, very stylish   showReview(6856860, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Andrea_Ve
<Content>Bella scoperta!!       La camera  
<Date>Dec 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	3	4	3	3	4	

<Author>cammari
<Content>Superbe s茅jour   showReview(21770450, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 12, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Nehema
<Content>Villa Emilia - Super Lage - Super Hotel       Schlafzimmer  
<Date>Nov 11, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>kuchen72
<Content>Absolut zu empfehlen, Erwartung voll und ganz erf眉llt.   showReview(20601748, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 3, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>GINGER73
<Content>Casi perfecto   showReview(19975580, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	3	4	3	5	

<Author>Grimaldina
<Content>Ottimo hotel!   showReview(19715408, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>bon hotel metro a cote tres bon rapport qualite prix   showReview(19638941, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>jujup
<Content>Excellent s茅jour   showReview(19365590, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>wundersch枚ne sommertage in barcelona city   showReview(19638940, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel mit trendigem Life Style   showReview(19638939, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>1964nec
<Content>Wunderbares Hotel       Dachterasse  
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>albergo eccezionale!!!!   showReview(18529447, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 25, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>altamente consigliabile   showReview(18529439, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 23, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(17440990, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 27, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Geschmackvoll eingerichtet   showReview(17440989, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 23, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>2 zufriedene G盲ste mehr...   showReview(17440969, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 15, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Luluspice
<Content>Macanudo!   showReview(16727142, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 6, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>gerne wieder   showReview(17440968, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 6, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Brunettino
<Content>Tout simplement...parfait !   showReview(16461848, 'full');   
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>77bjoern
<Content>Sehr gutes Hotel in ruhigerer Lage   showReview(15803619, 'full');   
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Komme gerne wieder   showReview(16602732, 'full');   
<Date>May 7, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>andateci hotel nuovo, molto curato e moderno, personale giovane e amichevole, ottima colazione   showReview(16602734, 'full');   
<Date>May 6, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>die_kameliendame
<Content>Sehr angenehmes Ambiente   showReview(15711135, 'full');   
<Date>May 6, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	3	3	3	3	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Intime und individuelle Alternative zu anonymen Grosshotels   showReview(16602733, 'full');   
<Date>May 4, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>scastell00
<Content>Villa Emilia...le paradis du silence   showReview(15368586, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr gutes Hotel   showReview(15575046, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 3, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>quincy010
<Content>top class hotel   showReview(14633009, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 29, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>sharki
<Content>Sehr sch枚nes Hotel, super Lage, aber laut   showReview(14156157, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 9, 2008
<Rating>4	2	4	2	3	4	3	3	

<Author>cece56
<Content>hotel di alto livello   showReview(13867848, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Total gerne wieder!   showReview(13979166, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 12, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>absolutes top hotel in barcelona   showReview(13979165, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 8, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Buon Hotel   showReview(13197517, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 16, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ros063
<Content>splendido hotel   showReview(12370231, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>THERESENimes
<Content>H么tel design tr猫s agr茅able et bien situ茅       Fen锚tre Chambre  
<Date>Oct 31, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	2	3	5	

<Author>BVDV
<Content>Tr猫s bon hotel agr茅able   showReview(10057840, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 9, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>sch枚nes Design-Hotel - 1A   showReview(11441712, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Kleines feines Hotel   showReview(11496065, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 17, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Was will man mehr?   showReview(11429690, 'full');   
<Date>May 5, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>modernes, sauberes Hotel   showReview(11414626, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 5, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Molto soddisfacente   showReview(11399014, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

