<Author>ObLaDiObLaDa
<Content>Great Location My wife and I stayed here along with our three teenage kids. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay. The location is in the heart of Hollywood, near Beverly Hills and all of the touristy sites. The rooms are comfortable and roomy (We were given a large, corner room that looked west directly toward the Hollywood sign). The best feature of this hotel is its location which is central to so much of the great LA scene. But in addition to that, you have a really helpful staff and a great restaurant in the hotel. The only complaint I have is that one of the concierge's was indifferent and was more interested in staring at his computer than looking up and helping me out. The second concierge was very good as were the check-in and baggage folks. Make sure and try the breakfast at Twist, the hotel restaurant. The breakfast was fairly expensive, but excellent. You've got to love that fresh squeezed OJ in southern California.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2009
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>mdterp
<Content>old and tired property This property in need of a major updating. The rooms have old style televisions and furniture that look like it was purchased at a yard sale.Our room had a terrible odor of cigar smoke, they moved us to a second room directly above and it had the same odor. Finally we were moved to a room that seem to be a party room because it only had a murphy bed.This place is seriously overpriced for what you get. It's like an old Holiday Inn (1960's style) but in a great location.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2009
<Rating>1	1	1	5	1	3	1	-1	

<Author>MaryFifi
<Content>Location, location Arrived early after long flight from Australia. Front reception staff were most accommodating and after a brief wait (coffee and walk inadjacent Highland Centre) gave us early access to our one bedroom suite. Courteous and helpful concierge staff.Room was a great size, great large bathroom with separate vanity (helpful for family groupos) and had city view. Only disappointment there was no bar fridge and safe in room.Excellent location to travel from and observe the interesting characters on Hollywood Boulevard. Hop on off and Beverly Hills tours easily accessed. California Pizza Kitchen (in Highland Centre) consistently good with large servings and very well priced for family groups. Great little supermarket on Hollywood Blvd for daily supplies.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	4	4	5	

<Author>denise_islove
<Content>Nice hotel but busy location. I stayed here for one night. Very nice hotel, fairly new. I loved the rooms, they were very spacious and cozy! The beds were incredible and the service was good. Parking isn't as much if you park at the Kodak Theatre parking. I'd stay here again.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>travelmore149362
<Content>Good location for sightseeing Just got back from six nights at this hotel. This was a sightseeing trip with my family; I chose this hotel because I wanted something that was in a good location for touring around, and where we could sleep comfortably. I booked the hotel a couple of months ago, on the hotel website. At that time I requested the club level. I was willing to pay a bit extra for the convenience of the continental breakfast; I could not find a rate that included breakfast otherwise. When I got to the hotel, I learned that the lounge would not be open for 3 of the 6 days we'd be there. At my request, we were moved to a non-club level room, at a lower rate. They did not reduce the rate for our last night, however. (The rate was going to go up because of the New Year).Thankfully, however, the hotel is connected to the Hollywood and Highland Mall, and we did not need to have breakfast in the hotel. My husband brought up coffee from the Starbucks each morning, and we did not pay the outrageous prices for the hotel breakfast buffet.There was no minibar, but we did not miss that. I did notice that there was no in-room safe. We did not use room service, and housekeeping was adequate. The hotel was in a great location for sightseeing- we went all over L.A. and had a great time. There is an on-site car rental (Hertz) which was convenient. We parked in the mall for $10 a night rather than pay the $29 for the hotel's valet parking.The hotel was functional and served its purpose as a base for sightseeing, and a place to sleep and shower. It was in no way luxurious, but it met our needs. I would recommend it to a friend who was going on a similar kind of trip.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	5	4	2	3	4	

<Author>GinAndTonic
<Content>"It's just ketchup"-??? I stayed at this hotel for 5 nights for a online travel industry conference. It's held here every other year, so this was my third time at this hotel. Things have definitely gone downhill.I'll start with the pluses: The spa was nice. The room service veggie burger was really good. The bed was comfortable. My room was relatively spacious. I requested a refrigerator and they brought it within 5 minutes. But let's talk about the bad stuff. First of all, there was no minibar. Well, actually there _was_ a minibar-- it was just empty, with a note on it that it was being renovated and that one should call room service for food and drinks. Not exactly what you want to see when you're arriving very late and just want a Diet Coke. I was grateful my flight hadn't been delayed-- at least I got there before room service closed for the night. Why would you leave the minibar in the room if it's empty? Room service was also hilariously bad. I'd seen some reviews that said the homemade granola was good, so I figured I'd give it a shot one morning. When the guy brought up the food, he lifted off the silver platter to reveal... 2 boxes of Kellogg's granola! I said that I thought it was homemade, and he said oh, sorry, we ran out so I just brought you this. I'm glad I didn't order an omelette-- I probably would've gotten something from McDonald's. (They did eventually bring me the real granola, and it was pretty good-- nothing to write home about, though.) But the worst thing was the housekeeping. I noticed a nasty-looking red stain on the bedskirt and left a note for housekeeping asking them to please change it. When I got back to the room that night, all the sheets had been changed, but not the bedskirt. I ran into the maid the following day, pointed out the stain, and asked her to change it. She looked at it, shrugged, and told me, It's just ketchup. I was dumbfounded. Um, 1) it wasn't MY ketchup, 2) even if it _is_ something innocuous, I don't want to look at it! I asked her to please change it anyway and she made a big deal out of having to _call_ someone for a new bedskirt. Anyway, while it was convenient to be at the conference's official hotel, I would seriously consider staying down the street at the Roosevelt next time. There may be some urban legends running around about the cleanliness of the Roosevelt's pool (google it), but at least you can get a Diet Coke from your minibar.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	3	1	4	1	4	

<Author>NYCFrequent_traveler
<Content>Pretty good hotel in a decent location We stayed for 3 nights at the Renaissance Hollywood Hotel using Marriott points, in November 2007. The check-in was good and fast, and our room seemed to have been recently updated, with interesting decor and furnishings. The Valet parking was fast and convenient, if a little overpriced, we felt. We didn't eat in the hotel, but used the adjacent HIghland Center for several meals, which were very good, and even went bowling there. The area is very touristy in and around the Hollywood  Highland Center and on Hollywood Boulevard - but you can walk to several attractions including Grauman's Chinese Theatre and the Hollywood Museum.It is also a pretty good location for driving to other areas for sightseeing. However, get more than a few blocks away from the Hollywood  Highland Center and the area gets pretty seedy. We used the pool each morning and in November it was deserted but very warm and with a great view of the Hollywood sign. Overall a decent location for a sightseeing trip. We combined it with a few nights at a different hotel which I think made the trip better - I wouldn't have wanted to spend the whole trip at this one very touristy location. But had a good stay overall!  
<Date>Nov 30, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	3	4	3	3	

<Author>pink_fairie_princess
<Content>Like an A-List movie       The view from our window  
<Date>Nov 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Deontas
<Content>Good Location but Outdated Hotel... and Quesitonable Security       Room 1823 - BEWARE Very Low Ceilings!  
<Date>Nov 23, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	4	2	3	

<Author>TravelFamily11
<Content>Wonderful Location and View - Great place to stay!!! We stayed at the Renaissance for 6 nights. The room was lovely and we had a great view of the Hollywood sign. The room was clean and stocked well. The amenities were plentiful ~ they left us great toiletries every day. The hotel has several restaurants and a food court attached from the mall - the Kodak center. The staff was friendly and helpful. Check-in and check-out was a breeze. The Hotel is connected to the Kodak center and on the walk of stars - very easy access to I101 which will get you anywhere. The pool area is very pretty and an amazing view of the Kodak center.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>xvicx
<Content>Great Hotel       My cake from the hotel!  
<Date>Nov 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Marvelle
<Content>Overrated This place looks great but is not as nice as it seems. The service is pretty lazy and there's all kinds of weird things wrong with it. First of all, check out is at 11 a.m. and a late checkout is 1. For $50 you can get 6 (which is actually kind of nice). But, they never cleaned our room on the late checkout day even after we called several times. Another day, the maid showed up at 6 a.m. asking if we needed towels. Their keycards work once before they don't let you in your room and you have to go down and wait in line to get them rebooted. The elevators take forever (literally, like 5 minutes to catch one). The pool area is very nice but was filled with loud drunk people when we were there. Oh, and there was absolutely nothing in the mini-bar. Not sure what that's all about but was a) inconvenient and b) seems like a stupid business model. Totally underwhelmed, go find a better boutique hotel in Hollywood.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	1	3	1	2	

<Author>home_ownerva
<Content>Bad Hotel For A Family Vacation I would not recommend this hotel for a family stay. few bad things - no fridge, no microwave, paid internet connectivity, paid/inconvenient parking, paid breakfast.. Worst is that pool is very small, has no life guards/life jackets for kids, there is no sauna/hot tub. Room setup is contemporary but furniture is low quality, carpets are dirty and I did not get courtsey newspaper 3 out of 4 day stay. Some other Marriott's I have stayed have flat screen TV's, for whatever reason this hotel doesn't. Hotel is conveniently located in heart of Hollywood but very inconvenient for a family stay. I do not recommend for the price you pay for this hotel.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	2	1	1	

<Author>maggie1111
<Content>Best location Stayed at the renaissance for three nights. Rooms were very clean and comfortable. Requested a fridge and received one within 5 minutes of entering our room. Staff at reception were very helpful and so were conceirge. Had a wonderful view of the Hollywood sign which was great. The fitness centre was excellent and the pool area was a great size. The location of everything we wanted to see was within walking distance. Walk of fame, shopping and eateries. Ate at johnny Rockets hamburgers. Best hamburger I ever had puts our hamburger places to shame in Australia they serve theirs half cold. The metro station was within walking distance and easy to use to get to Universal Studios. Felt quite safe in the area but would take a little caution at night times.I would definetly recommend this hotel for a perfect stay.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>sppw
<Content>Great Location We stayed here for a week in October. The hotel is in a great location, easy to get to all attractions.The staff were very friendly and helpful. Our room was on the 18th floor and had a view of the Hollywood sign.The room was of good size and clean as well as the bathroom - but agree with the comment about not having a fan in the bathroom.We had breakfast in the hotel once which was $20 per person. I would recommend Bobs Donut Stop - opposite the hotel - looks quite shabby but the breakfast was good..as well as the donuts...for less than half the price!The Crepe place in the Hollywood  Highland centre was also good.We hired a car and valet parking at the hotel was $30 per night.Overall had a great stay and would highly recommend staying here.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>luggage_lass
<Content>Great hotel, great location! This hotel was right in the middle of everything in downtown Los Angeles. We could see the Hollywood sign from our room. The hotel has a walk way right to the Kodak Theatre, with its surrounding shops and restaurants. (Try the Koji rest.--yum!) The staff was very friendly, and the room was good sized and very clean. Easy to get to the highway and go to other places. Be prepared for $30/day to valet park, there is not much parking in the area. If you can stay on the club lounge floor, we had delicious breakfast every morning. The gym was adequate but small.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>n2power
<Content>Trendy Renaissance Hollywood       Room view  
<Date>Oct 23, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	3	4	2	

<Author>Bruce1962
<Content>Fantastic Hotel  Great Hotel and in a great location, part of the Hollywood and Highland Complex ( Lots of shops and plenty of restaurants to choose from ) the staff were so helpful, the bedroom was lovely and clean with comfortable beds good views we just cant say anything bad about our three night stay. When we arrived the Receptionist upgraded us to club level which was fantastic, free breakfast soft drinks and snacks all day.Thankyou to all at the hotel for starting our family holiday off to a great welcome to LA  
<Date>Oct 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>reggie218
<Content>Great Location This place is right by everything! Our room was on the 15th floor and it looked out to the Hollywood  Highland complex and has fabulous city views in the AM and PM. I liked how at the concierge desk, there is a computer and printer you can use to do check yourself online and print out your boarding pass. I stayed in this hotel for a work event that was held in the hotel's Grand Ballroom, I thought that was pretty cool, and the food they served was really yummy. My only grievance was that when the concierge made reservations for an airport shuttle pick-up, he made it for the am instead of pm. We found out when the lobby called at 2:15 am telling us our shuttle was there, good thing we were just getting in the room and weren't sound asleep yet. Other than that, I wish I got to stay longer but I really didn't want to pay $300 for a room. It was perfect for a free (company-paid!) room though. :)  
<Date>Oct 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	5	3	-1	

<Author>Brian_NVA
<Content>Location, Location, Location I used Marriott Rewards for a very nice, two night stay at this hotel in the middle of Hollywood. Location is a key selling point, as the hotel is part of the large Hollywood and Highland complex with restaurants, the Kodak Theatre, Grumman's Chinese Theatre, etc. There is a huge underground parking deck for the complex, which we found to be a better deal than using valet parking at the hotel. The deck, which is a short, in-door walk to the hotel, charges a max of $10 for each in and out, whereas the valet parking is $29 (plus tip) for each night. There is also a convenient bus that runs from the complex to the beautiful Pantages Theatre near Hollywood and Vine - $3.00 per person. Lots of places to eat in the area - we enjoyed the decor and comfort food at Citizen Smith on Cahuenga Blvd.For an additional $30 per night, we had a huge, oversized room (1505) with a nice view of the mountains and the HOLLYWOOD sign. The room has a 1950's art deco motif that is typical of this hotel. We had a living area with sofa, two chairs, a desk and chair... and still lots of space left over. The bathroom is big, with a door separating the toilet and shower from the vanity and mirror(good for husband-wife combos who need access at the same time). The Moen showerhead made for relaxing shower massages.The front desk and concierge were all exceptionally nice and very competent. Room service for breakfast was quite good - we had an omelet and eggs Benedict, which arrived to our room still hot - a pleasant surprise these days).I'll definitely be back. This is a great place to stay in LA for work or play.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>fhm
<Content>Book it !! This hotel is just perfect... ideally located. Rooms were lovely, pool lovely, people lovely.. what more could you want. It's within walking distance to lots of attractions as everyone else on here says... and also the tube and bus routes are easily accessible and fairly easy to follow. You must go to Mel's Diner for breakfast, it's just fantastic.Don't deliberate anymore (like I did).. just please book this hotel.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>iluvla
<Content>another great visit this was the best holiday ever.Having stayed at the Renaissance before several times we knew the hotel was above average and this year proved no exception .The staff really did everything to make our stay comfortable and were friendly and helpful. The room as always was clean and with wonderful views over the city.The position is perfect with transport links, food outlets and entertainment only a few steps away. There really is no compalints at all. highly recommended.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SusieQ78
<Content>Perfect       The room  
<Date>Oct 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Sparkles8198
<Content>Good location Great hotel! Exceeded my expectations - very close to everything. I recommend getting the brekfeast package - well worth the money!! Within walking distance to all of the major attractions. Very friendly staff!  
<Date>Sep 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>joeyboy79
<Content>Great airport hotel Fantastic hotel. Staff are very helpful.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>GoodTravelers
<Content>Great location, attentive staff, comfortable room I attended a 4-day conference at the Renaissance Hollywood, so the room rate was quite competitive ($175 for a double) to comparable nearby hotels. The location is ideal for walking to many quintessential Hollywood sights, as well as shopping, dining and nightlife.The moment I walked into the lobby to check in, a friendly staff member greeted me warmly and escorted me to the desk. The room was tidy and comfortably furnished in a modern yet welcoming style. Nice fluffy towels, and upscale toiletries. The bathroom floor had some stained grout, but was otherwise in good repair. Nice strong shower, with adjustable settings. Room insulation was excellent, as we could not hear anything from other rooms or the hallway, even though the hotel was at capacity.The bed was firm, the pillows ample, and the bed linens fresh and crisp. Housekeeping did an excellent job freshening the room each day. Another reviewer commented that it is more of a 4-star (vs. 5-star) hotel, and I'd have to agree. Maybe 4 1/2.Overall, it was a comfortable stay in a very nice hotel, and if you can get a great rate, it's well worth itSince the conference events were mostly in the hotel, too -- including breakfasts and lunches -- I must say that the food was OUTSTANDING and the wait staff impeccably mannered. The menu was imaginative, and the presentation magazine-worthy. Definitely NOT rubber-chicken meals, as so many conferences are.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	-1	-1	

<Author>lucksgirl
<Content>Location, location, location Got a great rate online. Easy, quick early check-in, no problems. Got upgraded to a huge suite with a view of the Hollywood sign! Room service breakfast was pretty good. Nice work out area, small pool. One of the best things about this hotel is the location- you can actually go right from your room to the HollywoodHighland mall/Chinese theater. It's perfect! The bar in the lobby stays crowded. My fave place to stay in LA!  
<Date>Sep 12, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>DWGriffith
<Content>Missed Connections We stay in Marriotts frequently and are usually pleased. Even moreso with the Renaissance. But not this one. We had gone via Hollywood on the way out of California to see a good friend. Said friend was left waiting in the lobby for 45 minutes while the phone in our room went to VOICE MAIL, unknown to us! By the time we went to the lobby to check on things, he had of course left. The desk clerk didn't appear to know why the phone had gone to voice mail, nor care that we had missed our connection, with rescheduling impossible. Turns out the phones turn off when a guest checks out, and ours had not reset when we checked in. Separate issue: Breakfast was not included, and the restaurant jacked up the prices on the menu so that the $20 per person buffet was the cheapest thing available. Although the location is good for the Hollywood tourist must-sees, and the room was very nice, the experience was rather like booking a hotel in Europe sans breakfast [a no-no!], in a place where nobody speaks your language at all and you forgot your phrasebook! Of course, I expect to be gigged because this review tells some truths. But hey, c'est la vie! Maybe someone else won't miss their meeting, but if you check in here, call the desk and see if the phone rings when they call you back!  
<Date>Sep 11, 2008
<Rating>2	3	5	4	5	1	-1	-1	

<Author>lainey45
<Content>The Best We have just return from a tour of California, and this hotel was by far the best. We checked in very quickly and had a large room on the 11th floor. which was very clean.The hotel is in the perfect position for all the tourist attractions.We tried the hotels room service for breakfast and everything we ordered arrived on time, fresh, hot and plenty of it.The only down side is the cost of parking at the hotel, but other than that I recommend it to everyone.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Hawaii6
<Content>Great Hotel With Perfect Hollywood Location!       Hollywood Renaissance Hotel  
<Date>Sep 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Doughballs
<Content>Great location, hotel a few problems Prior to my arrival I sent an email to the hotel with a couple of general questions. No reponse, so I resent. Still no response. A bad start...We picked this hotel for a holiday a) primarily due to the location, and b) I usually enjoy the Marriott/Renaissance chains on business trips.Location did not disappoint. It is smack in the middle of Hollywood Boulevard (Graumans, Kodak theatre) and in the middle of Hollywood and Highland complex which houses several eating options, from takeaway (one night we got a takeout from California Pizza and ate in room...) to formal. Also if you want to take any tours, many leave from Graumanns. But hotel did disappoint... Our first room, although a non smoking hotel, stank of smoke. Plus it was next to the ice machine on that floor which seemed to be leaking and smelt of gas. We asked to be moved which was not possible that night (we were in a suite, the quantities of which are limited). We were promised to be moved the next day and told just to leave our suitcases which would be automatically transferred. Next day before we left for the day I checked at reception re new room...and nobody knew anything about it. After a while they gave us a new room number. When we got back that night....no one knew anything about it.But we eventually did get the room. But communication and organisation seems to be a recurring problem. Even when we left, we had pre paid the travel agent, but the room charges were on the bill, and it took a lot of checking before this was rectified.The rooms itself, a 2 room suite was not great. It is billed as a chic boutique hotel, but in truth the (final ) room we had, while not exactly shabby, was just not great. Maybe the high rates are the privilege of being on Hollywood Boulevard,We took a 2 room suite as I was travelling with my 16 year old son, the sofa in the lounge folded down. But when folded down, it practically reached the TV, cutting the room in 2, so effectively when the bed was down half of the room was unusable.On the good side. A coffee/ tea machine, ironing board which made life easier.To be honest if I went to Hollywood again I might well stay in this hotel purely for location, but the whole experience left me a bit flat  
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	5	2	1	2	-1	

<Author>doledes
<Content>Four stars Hotel After finding a good rate on the Renaissance web site, I decided to book a 4-night stay at this hotel (180鈧?for a triple room). I have to say that the hotel met my expectations.This hotel is rated 5 stars but guests must be ready not to find that kind of luxury typical of a real 5 star hotel.I arrived at 8 pm but my room wasn't ready (although I informed them at the moment of my booking about my scheduled arrival time). Check-in staff told me my room would have been available in 30 min., so we went to the mezzanine bar in order to have a cup of tea (the lobby bar didn't serve hot beverages in the evening). The mezzanine bar is very big and there was a huge selection of different types of tea. The tea was very good and not pricey (about 3鈧?and it was served together with some complementary honey).After that we came back to the lobby at the scope of completing the check-in procedure (check-in staff asked my mobile number in order to call me once the room would have been ready).The time we waited was well worth because we had a room located on the 18th floor (one of the highest) with a beatiful view of the Hollywood sign (this was another request made when I booked the room).A bellman went with us and showed the basic features of the room. The room had two very comfortable queen beds and was quiet spacious (about 30 sq. mt)., no particularly luxurious and with no state of the art technology features (no plasma screen).The soundproof system wasn't exceptional but the BIG con I found in this hotel was the bathroom: it wasn't dirty but all the facilities looked VERY old and 1.000 miles far from what a guest can expect to find in a 4 or 5 star hotel.The location is great for people who want to stay in Hollywood or are not renting a car (two steps from the walk of fame and all the other Hollywood attractions).Finally, I colud check out directly through the TV system on the day I left the hotel; a good way to save some minutes.All in all the Renaissance Hollywood Hotel is a good option who is not renting a car and looks for a good hotel with all the services a guest can need (spa, swimming pool, etc.). You'll be disappointed only if you expect a 5 stars hotel.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	2	4	-1	

<Author>SunSurferDevon
<Content>Great Location for Hollywood Advetures       Renaissance Hotel  
<Date>Aug 23, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Aranwen
<Content>Wouldn't stay here any longer than 2 days Spent 2 days here on the way back home. Chose it purely on its location as it was fairly near many sites and we didn't have a hire car.Check-in was unsatisfactory as the young man on the desk was surly and rude. Every other member of the check in team were welcoming guests with a cheery smile and a Welcome to the Renaissance with the exception of him. He thought there was a problem with our booking and kept wandering off to another room to make phone calls lasting about 15 minutes. At one point we had to ask another member of staff to go and find him. He didn't once apologise for the delay which was inexcusable as we had been travelling all night and were exhausted. I asked him to explain what the problem was and he started talking whilst walking off to the other room again so I couldn't hear what he was saying.Despite this the room was adequate and clean. As other reviewers have said it was close to many amenities such as shops, restaurants, chinese theatre, walk of fame etc. We walked further on from all the razzamatazz and found a restaurant called and Musso and Benny's recommended by the guidebook. It was heaving until about 7.30 when everyone leaves to go to their shows and theatres. The food is like something your mum would make (sorry mum) so i don't know what all the fuss is about but the waiters are great. Most of them are way over 60 and a bit grumpy! I wouldn't want to spend any longer than 2 days in LA. it isn't really my sort of place. We took a bus to santa monica beach on the sunday. It is very busy but we enjoyed walking around. The hotel advised us not to take a bus there as this is the city of the car after all but it was so simple and only cost $1.25 each way.Rodeo Drive and Beverley Hills are worth a look but the restaurants nearby are a bit snooty. Took a trolley bus ride around all the stars' homes which was amusing and was very cheap (sorry can't remember how much but it was cheap)Check out was better but there is still an attitude problem from some members of staff.Made a big mistake of booking an airport shuttle to take us to LAX on the way home. Our driver took nearly 3/4 hour driving to other hotels, driving back to ours, having a cigarette until we thought we were going to miss our plane. He started an argument when we asked him to just get on with it and said he wasn't a taxi. Not a good way to leave. i wouldn't stay in this hotel again and i don't plan to return to LA.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	4	4	4	1	1	-1	

<Author>cwm_2355
<Content>Loved our time here I couldn't be happier with our stay here. From the moment we pulled up to the hotel the service was excellent, and that continued throughout the entire stay. Literally every staff member we came across, from the maids and room service people, to front desk and concierge, was very polite and helpful. Location-wise, if you're there to experience Hollywood, it's the place to be. It's attached to the Kodak Theatre, which is where the academy awards are held. You are literally steps away from the heart of it all, the corner of Highland Ave. and Hollywood Blvd. We loved how we could just go out at night and walk around and there's so much to do, there was no need to cab anywhere. The room was fairly straightforward, not all the rooms are as funky and colourful as they are on the website. I was quite happy with the quality of the furnishings and the linens though. One complaint is for some reason our bathroom didn't have a vent fan, which I thought was quite odd for a hotel of this calibre. In summary, I loved our time here, and would highly recommend it to other travellers. It's a bit on the expensive side, but it's worth it for the location and quality alone. Kudos!  
<Date>Aug 15, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>seasuzie
<Content>Okay Hotel for price The hotel is located in a very touristy part of hollywood. The goodnews is if you like shopping, you are right on top of a mall. Also plenty of food court options. The first night we were interupted from our deep sleep by drunk guests trying to knock down our door. I was so tired from traveling that day that I couldn't even get to the door to tell them they were at the wrong room. Finally they went away. After that no incidents. The room wasn't cleaned 100%. Found wrapers on the floor that grossed me out! If I had to do it again I wouldn't stay here.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	4	4	-1	

<Author>IrishSodaBread
<Content>Smashing Insight to Hollywood       Hollwood + Highland Centre late at night  
<Date>Jul 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>LisaMcLallen
<Content>GREAT Location....but, This is a Great Hotel for the location!! I recommend any families or anyone interested in being Right by most Hollywood Attractions stay here even if it is a little more expensive.However, we did have a VERY difficult time getting our room. 2 1/2 hours we waited. We checked in at 3 and finally at 5:30 after we had been to the desk every 30 minutes after 4 p.m....they said oh, its ready. We'd been offered to down grade at the same expense and they could give us another room with a rollaway. Now, check the rates of this hotel and see if you'd like to sleep on a rollaway!As soon as we arrived we were asked to shop for an hour while our room was finished. We weren't happy about that, but agreeable and asked where to go and how to get there. So at 4 we returned and it still wasn't ready, that clerk asked about the rollaway and that it takes an hour and half to clean a room not just an hour. So we were asked again to go shop....we declined and said we'd sit in the lounge area not too far away. 4:30 came and went with no word on the room. I went back to the desk because we'd become invisible to all but the bellman who kept glancing at us while everyone else checked in and headed up merrily to their rooms. The new desk clerk said Sorry, it shouldn't be much longer. 5 p.m. (really 8 p.m. at home and in our brains and stomachs) still no room and the desk clerk called housekeeping and someone would physically go check on the room and see how it was coming. She assured me she'd come get me and let me know either way how it was going.....ready or not. Apparently she leaves at 5, so left without getting me or telling me anything. She did tell us our room was an Upgrade so she wouldn't change it if it were her....so not sure how the previous clerk thought a rollaway would be a great idea.5:30, still no one coming to tell us anything and I went back to the desk...this time getting a room or we're leaving.....and was told your room is ready. Guess they didn't feel the need to come get us and tell us. There was no exceptional service at this hotel, no out of the way things done but we also didn't ask for anything. My goal after checking in was to never talk to anyone at the front desk again since 3 of the clerks I'd already met were no help. I will say that it was a Very clean hotel, very nice and you can NOT beat the location. Our shuttle bus driver from the airport stated the same thing that we had chosen the best hotel in Hollywood for access.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	5	5	1	1	-1	

<Author>Kerjner
<Content>Really great BUT very pricey.... My wife and I were looking for a hotel in L.A. that we would remember.Wow, this hotel does it. It was incredibly cool and modern. The rooms were also modern and cool.I did find the rooms very small and expensive but the views of L.A. were phenomenal.The location right on Hollywood Boulevard really is amazing. You have access one minute from the hotel to the Hollywood of Fame, Chinese Theater and Kodak Theater.I only stayed 3 days but i really enjoyed the hotel overall. The staff was good.The beds were phenomenal. I hadn't slept so well in years.If you don't mind paying the price I would whole heartedly recommend the Hollywood Renaissance to anyone. Really an experience.I hope this helps you make your decision.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>michellin
<Content>Nice hotel We stayed at the Renaissance Hollywood as a part of our Honeymoon July 16-19.It麓s a very large and modern hotel,the room was quite large, nice and clean.It麓s location right next to the Hollywood and Highland shopping center and Manns chinese theater makes it very convinient for a short trip such as ours.Staff was friendly and helpful, nothing more, nothing less.Liked the hotel, hated the area it was in, as soon as we stepped out of the hotel and away from the HH center we felt like we麓d ended up in a slum area.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>Borgata73
<Content>Perfect Location for Hollywood/LA Experience Renaissance Hollywood is a great spot as a base to do all your Hollywood/Los Angeles sightseeing. Stayed here for 6 nites in early July right over the 4th of July holiday with my brother as were in town to visit family and do the whole tourist thing. Asked for a room with the view of the Hollywood sign and was given a wonderful high floor room overlooking the Hollywood Hills and sign. Room was clean and comfortable but our bathroom had no fan (my only complaint of the room). We choose to self park in the underground parking garage which is attached to the hotel and paid $10 to park overnite. U can reach the hotel by taking the garage elevator to the 3rd floor and briefly walking through the outdoor mall to the hotel entrance on the same level. The costs of going in and out during the day were anywhere from the $2 to $4 dollars but we never paid more than $10 so its cheaper than $29 valet charge.We ate breakfast several times at the hotel restaurant Twist and loved the menu - tried both the breakfast buffets and menu entrees and they are worth the price. Its also the same menu for room service from the restaurant so if you looking for something low budget there is Mel's Diner and IHOP within walking distance. Tried some of the restaurants in the adjacent Mall and found them to be very good. Especially The Grill (massive steaks) and Trastevere (upscale Italian). Went to both in shorts and polo shirts and saw people in t-shirts/shorts so although they appear upscale you can go casual and don't feel out of place. It's a Mall after all !The hotel is within driving minutes of Universal and Burbank. (Burbank Airport is closer than LAX to the hotel so think about it if u can get a flight there from your hometown). West Hollywood is just minutes away down Sunset Blvd. and has lots of trendy bars, clubs and restaurants. WH is where the nightlife scene is - there is not much going on in Hollywood at nite.Santa Monica/Malibu beaches are about 30 minutes driving from the hotel and easy to reach. Beverly Hills is also easy to get too and about 20-25 minutes from the hotel. Tried Starline Tours for the movie stars homes tour and happened to catch Dr. Phil pulling into his driveway. Yes it was that Dr. Phil and he did wave back to all of us on the tour bus, lolFor any movie buffs considering doing studio tours the best are Universal, Warner Brothers or Sony/Columbia Pictures. The guides we had were first class and knew the industry and studio lots well. We got to see many sound stages and sets. Paramount Studios was okay but way too historical and really were on a golf cart the whole time. I would stay here again but if you want a Southen California beach vacation go to Santa Monica or Malibu !  
<Date>Jul 14, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jetsetera
<Content>Good Short Stay at the Renaissance Hollywood       View from window  
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Philrdg
<Content>Fantastic Time We stayed at the Renaissance for 3 nights at the beginning of June and it proved a great location and really nice hotel.We were really keen to get a room with a view of the hollywood hills and the hollywood sign and we certainly got it. We were on the 18th floor with fantastic view - well worth paying a little extra.We ate in the hotel every morning for breakfast. They had a really good selection of cold and warm food and I would say it was well worth it.Staff were really friendly, rooms were a good size (what you would expect from an American hotel) and the hotel bar was quite small but nice to have an end of evening drink.The hotel is located right next to a mall with a small selection of shops and a number of restaurants and eateries. You are also a stone's throw from the Kodak Theatre and Grauman's Chinese Theatre. As you are so close to these I would recommend doing these sights first thing in the morning. We went down at 7am and there was not another person about so we had the whole place to ourselves - fantastic.Everyone says about hiring a car but we found taxi's (and buses) worked for us. We used taxi's to get down to Rodeo Drive (about $20 each way) and then actually got the bus down to santa Monica Pier where we walked down to Venice Beach. The concierge in the hotel will be able to provide you details of how to use the bus and where to get it from.One of the highlights for us was having a tour of LA in a 1966 convertible cadillac. You get a private tour of the city and let your driver know where you want to go and he makes sure you see what you want to but then shows you some other sites that you may not have been aware of. Although this was $300 we thought it was one of the highlights of our trip.Another must is going down to Santa Monica Pier. We got the bus down here and then walked along the beach down to Venice Beach which is 'interesting' to say the least.One other think that we enjoyed was going for a early evening drink at Yamshiro's which is very close to the hotel. It is a Japanese restaurant set on a hill with great views over the city. We didn't manage to get to Griffith's Park and the observatory but you had great views of it from Yamshiro's.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>beachgoer50
<Content>LOVED The Renaissance Hotel and Spa We loved, loved, loved our stay at the Renaissance Hotel! The staff were all very accommodating and friendly. The room was great, clean and with a nice view. Will definately stay here again!  
<Date>Jun 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>woodkd
<Content>Very Noisy My husband and I stayed at The Renaissance June 28th. The hotel's location was great, check in was easy but our room was noisy!! Our refrigerator kicked on and off all night, and when it was on it hummed loudly making sleep difficult. We could hear the people in the room above us walking around, also you could hear the person in the room next to us looking through their closet. We finally gave up and left the hotel because we just couldn't sleep.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	3	3	3	4	3	3	

<Author>teri1225
<Content>Hollywood at it's best What a great place to stay while in Hollywood!! Check-in a breeze!! Friendly and helpful staff. Our room 1803 overlooked Hollywood sign. Really cool!! Room neat and clean. Wanted a refrigerator -- called front desk and it was there in minutes. We were there for the daytime Emmy awards. Really fun seeing all the movie stars walk the red carpet. Would return to the hotel in heartbeat.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>scoot5743
<Content>Loved the hotel We recently stayed at the Renaissance Hollywood Hotel from June 15th to June 20th and loved it. I took my wife and two boys ages 8  6. First of all it is in a perfect location. Really close to the nice areas of Hollywood. Also close to Universal Studios and Farmers Market which has the Grove shopping area. Actually, we had heard not to go to Disneyland because it was a distance from our hotel. We decided to go anyhow, and honestly it was only 40 minutes from the time that we left. The key is to leave early in the morning. We left around 6:30 in the morning and got there around 7:10. The park opened at 8:00 but we were able to park our car go to the tram and by the time we bought our tickets it basically opened up.I recommend this hotel for families with young kids, because it has a really nice pool. The temperature for the pool was perfect and the deepest part of the pool is no bigger then 5 feet deep. Also my kids seemed to enjoy the fact that the hotel had free mm's for the hotel guest.. My kids everyday picked up some mm's and loved it.I felt like the staff really treated my family great. They made us feel very special and my family really liked that. The only members of the staff we didn't feel that really went all out was the concierge area. They did what they were supposed to do, but I didn't feel that they took the extra step to make us happy. They were still very good, but after tipping them, I feel that they should take the extra step, to make us happy. For example, I asked them to recommend a restaurant. They recommended one but they didn't call the restaurant and make the reservation for us. Most concierge that I have worked with in the past, would make the phone call and reserve us a table.We stayed on the 15th floor and had a beautiful room, with a view of the hollywood sign. I just asked them if they had the ability to accomodate us with a room that viewed the hollywood sign and they said no problem.Overall the saying goes you get what you pay for. If you have the money to pay almost 300 a night, this is the right hotel for you, because you are treated like royalty.Last thing that was kinda negative. They have a valet charge of 29.00 a night or a self parking charge of 10.00 a night. We ended up paying the valet charge because we would go somewhere, come back and then go back out somewhere. If you do that for the self parking, I believe that you have to pay each time you come and go, but I could be wrong.I hope this helps you with your decision.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>yorks_nameless
<Content>Great Location!!!! We stayed at the Renaissance Hollywood for the final 3 nights of our honeymoon. Check in was very swift and efficient and we had a room on the 16th floor (i had requested a room with a good view) with a tremendous view of the hills and the famous 'HOLLYWOOD' sign. We would sit and admire the view in a morning and evening. The room itself was large, light and airy and very clean. Tea/coffee facilites were useful. The main attraction of the hotel is its location, right on Hollywood Boulevard with the walk of fame, chinese theatre, El Capitan theatre, Kodak theatre and other tourist sites. The centre is part of the Hollwood and Highland complex with plenty of dining and shopping available. In terms of dining, the hotel restaurant was excellent and reasonably priced and was probably our best meal whilst staying there. We happened to be there whilst the 'Love Guru' premiere was on so caught a glimpse of Mike Myers as he went in to the chinese theatre. The following evening Warren Beatty was at the Kodak Theatre so no shortage of star spotting opportunities.The hotel is also well located for public transport as it is a 2 minute walk to the top of the metro red line, one stop from Universal Studios (we spent a day there and thoroughly enjoyed it) and a simple bus ride to Beverly hills and Santa Monica/Venice (be prepared for an hours ride on the 704). With more time we would have also gone on one of the tour buses and visited some more sights.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>JulesH066
<Content>Great location This hotel is in a fantastic location. It was our first trip to LA, and the Renaissance was the perfect base. The hotel was modern, and the rooms very spacious and clean. Ours on the 16th floor had great views of the Hollywood sign.The hotel is part of the Hollywood and Highland Complex which has restaurants and shops, plus the Chinese theatre, Hollywood Walk of Fame and the Kodak Theatre where the Oscars tke place. It's also close to the main stop for the sightseeing buses, which are a great idea if you are only in LA for a couple of days. They take you to Rodeo Drive, Farmers Market, Melrose Ave, Universal Studios etc. Also recommended would be a day at Santa Monica/Venice Beaches, which are gorgeous.  
<Date>Jun 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>moody79
<Content>Lovely Hotel Great place to stay and see LA. Good location, nice attention to detail. Good, clean rooms, nice food and friendly serivce.I'd almost given up on US hotels - famed for their quality of service - but this place restored that faith. A great all rounder - which is what you want. Highly recommend.P.S. try to get a room high up room - the view is more than worth it!!!  
<Date>Jun 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>goldcardluke
<Content>Just as I had hoped for       Photo of the hotel exterior  
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>TravelafarToronto
<Content>Great Location This hotel is in a great location. It's located literally right on the hollywood Walk of Fame. Also close to Universal Studios (one subway stop away), Chinese Grauman Theatre, Kodak theatre etc etc....We could also see the Hollywood Sign from our hotel room . It is also connected to this minimall which has many stores such as Louis Vuitton, Sephora etc...the hotel is also located close to a tourist info booth, which was convenient because they helped to guide our stay as well as we bought our tickets to Disneyland and universal studios from there and they sell them cheaper. Our hotel staff was also quite helpful. They also have a Hertz rental on location which was convenient and they gave us a good deal. The only thing about the location of this hotel is sometimes at night there would be lots of shady people around, which for a tourist can be a little intimidating. So just be careful in the evening/night. Overall this hotel was great and a very convenient location.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>KellyinKentucky
<Content>LOVED LOCATION ~ TIPS FROM OUR GREAT STAY! We just returned from a 3 night stay during Memorial Day Weekend. Although it was a holiday weekend, the hotel NEVER felt crowded at all. The staff always met our every need and were super nice. We would definitely stay here again. TIPS from our stay: 1) LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION - you can NOT beat where it is located - Kodak Theater, Hollywood Walk of Fame, Chinese Theater are literally just right at the door! ..... 2) PARKING: Park for $10 per day vs. $29 per day valet plus tips in the lot that is connected to the hotel in the Highlands Center - the parking garage elevator will take you steps away from the entrance on the 3rd floor 4) FOOD - The Highlands Center connected to the hotel has tons of options!! 5) TOURS - you can walk out the side of the hotel to the Highlands center and book ANY tour that you want - we were amazed how CLOSE everything was 6) ROOM LOCATION - request high level with view of the Hollywood sign!!! GREAT VIEW! ........ 7) SUBWAY - If you aren't renting a car - the subway is located right at the hotel and a great option for arriving from LAXEnjoy your stay!! We sure did. Location can NOT be beat!! ........ They were also filming the HBO show Entourage when we arrived at the hotel on Friday night- how cool was that!! We saw the entire cast!!!  
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Mulherin
<Content>Noisy Hotel Stayed here with my husband and thirteen year old daughter for two nights.I chose the Renaissance mainly because of it's proximity to the main Hollywood sights.We booked a suite - room 1312 - which had a great view of the city. Although not as I had requested the Hollywood sign. The bedrooms were very small and the decor strangely dated. When the sofabed was opened out it was right up against a cupboard - not what I had expected for $387 a night.Valet parking was$29 a night and was fast and efficient. At breakfast (not included in the rate) there was a large choice, all very good. My daughter particularly liked the rooftop pool, which she had all to herself.On our second night we were woken at three in the morning by what sounded like drunken people having a party in their room. The screams and crashing and banging didn't stop for hours.Unfortunately I think this is always a possibility when booking a large hotel in a lively area. For this reason I would not stay at the Renaissance again.  
<Date>May 20, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>RichnLin
<Content>RichnLin's Hollywood Stay My wife and I stay at this property at least two to three times a year. We are also platinum Marriott members as we have four timeshare weeks through Marriott. We do not use our points as they are mainly used for international stays. However, with that in mind, this property is absolutely one of the finest available. The staff can not do enough for you. The valet service was also excellent. We never waited for anything. We always stay in Room 2005 or 2006 as 2005 faces the Hollywood sign and 2006 faces out over the city. We just came back yesterday, 5/12/2008, and again received the same excellent treatment. We planned to stay there a few months ago and had to cancel due to me having a knee complication. We canceled the reservation at the last minute and a few days later I received a note from the manager of the hotel stating that he was sorry that we had to cancel and hoped that I was feeling ok. What service! Also, the executive lounge is one of the finest Marriott has to offer. Our room was very spacious, clean and the staff was always knocking asking if there is anything we need. Absolutely no noise even though the hotel is right in the heart of Hollywood and right in the middle of all the action on the streets below. Just a wonderful hotel and the staff to match!  
<Date>May 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>L0nd0n1981
<Content>Terrible Service and Serious Security Problems I stayed here twice for business purposes last month and had a terrible experience both times. The check-in staff were rude and unhelpful and seemed to have no idea what was going on. They lost my reservation, gave me the wrong standard room, didn't activate my key and then 'lost' several important messages that were left for me later in my stay. The business facilities are terrible - old computers with slow 'pay as you go' internet connection that costs a fortune and repeatedly kept shutting down with credit on there which I couldn't get back once it switched back on. I lost about $40 over 5 days in this way. During my stay, a male member of staff knocked on my door at 1am saying that he'd brought me the blankets I had ordered and tried to gain access to my room. I had NOT ordered blankets, but he wouldn't go away. I got woken up the same time the following night with a different male staff member saying he needed to come into my room to fix the broken mini bar that I'd reported. I had NOT reported this. This was all very dodgy and made me feel uneasy about staying there alone in future.I was told on my 2nd morning that I couldn't eat breakfast as they'd closed the restaurant at 9am to set up for a private event. I was told that instead I could get a take-out breakfast box and eat it outside on the street, or pay for room service. Finally, on my last night, there was a party going on in the room opposite me at 4am which spilled out into the hall. With loud music, people banging on my door, prank calling my room and shouting just metres away from where I was sleeping. I called security and reception several times and they refused to do anything about this. I then noticed that several guests at the party were Renaissance staff. This went on until 6am and when I complained to reception, they hung up on me. I was quite frankly appalled by the problems and service levels of this hotel and would never stay there again. It is in a great location but is overpriced, run down, with rude staff and lapse security. Beware.  
<Date>May 9, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	4	3	1	1	1	

<Author>rosbif
<Content>Nice Hotel - good location in Hollywood We stayed at this hotel for two nights having arrived into LAX before driving off to Scottsdale. As we'd never visited LA I read a lot of reviews of what district to stay in as well as which hotel. In the end, following reviews of this property here we booked club level rooms at the Rennaissance Hollywood.Firstly I would say Hollywood is a pretty good place to base yourself for a first time visit to LA. It pretty is what LA is all about - we did the bus tour, a limo tour of star's homes and the Madame Taussads and Guiness World of Records attractions, which are right on the doorstep of this hotel. So it is very well placed.Self parking was $10 a day in the big parking next door - where there were also loads of shops and a cinema. The check-in staff were very polite and helpful.Room itself was pretty good - quite small for a 'suite' - once a single fold out bed was up there wasn't a lot of room. Also the door to the bathroom opened outward which was unusual, and automatically closed which the kids didn't like. The blind which covered the window was a bit tatty but still worked well to shut out the morning sunlight. Beds were very comfortable thoughThe club lounge was good - with good snacks in the evening and a very good breakfast. Not too busy either. There was one member of staff in there but he didn't 'interact' with anyone, just sat watching his PC screen.I was talked into booking a stretch limo by the concierge to see the 'homes of the stars'. This was a rip off however (Topline I think it was). The driver wasn't that interested - we didn't see half the houses mentioned on the blurb and we finished 30 minutes early! When you're paying that sort of money you expect better. I fed this back to the concierge who took my details and said he'd be in touch although he never has.Overall I mentioned some of the negative points but our overwhelming impression was of a lovely hotel with pleasant staff in a superb Hollywood location. Would I go back? Absolutely!  
<Date>May 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>nicros
<Content>Good location We satyed in a Club level Room for 2 nights as part of our honeymoon. We were quite high up with a view of the hollywood sign in the far distance.Looking back, the free breakfast that came as part of the club room deal wasn't worth the extra money and we didn't use any of the other services so a normal room would probably been enough. We were only in Hollywood for 2 days so didn't spend much time in the hotel, but it is in a very good location near the Hollywood walk of fame and the Kodak theater.  
<Date>May 1, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	5	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>travelingmannyc
<Content>Classic Hotel with only one small problem..... Really stylish and high quality hotel in hollywood. Flew into Burbank airport on jet blue and was at the hotel in less than 20 minutes. we arrived early and had no problem with early check in.I was on the 18th floor with a perfect, perfect view of the hollywood sign. view was flawless. the room was big and clean. they left a bucket of candy on my bed as a nite time turndown surprise. only problem was no flat panel tv in the room - i expected one.staff friendly hotel excellent - HIGHLY Recommended.if you're going to stay here and can fly into burbank, do it - perfect combination. if you have time, there's an in and out burger in burbank right by the airport - big winner......  
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Bellarina126
<Content>Lives up to Renaissance standards My mom and I stayed at the Renaissance for a weekend trip. It is a fabulous hotel, convenient to Hollywood attractions and near a light rail stop. The service was exceptional and friendly. Our room was a decent size on the 9th floor and looked out towards the Hollywood sign. There were wooden blinds, as well as a blinder to keep the early morning sun out of the room. We ordered room service one night, and the food was pretty good -- Twist has an eclectic menu with many things to choose. It only took 20 minutes for the food to arrive. I also took advantage of Spa Luce in the hotel, and it was incredible. The spa is beautiful, relaxing, and offers a diverse menu of treatments. Very impressed with the new spa. There is an outdoor pool on the 5th floor, which offers comfortable lounge chairs, as well as private cabanas. The beds in the room are the updated Marriott beds and EXTREMELY comfortable. The hotel is connected to the Hollywood/Highland complex, which offers a bit of shopping and restaurants (highly recommend Trastavere), and you can catch a shuttle to the Pantages theater from the complex. Valet parking through the hotel is $29/day, but there is a parking garage as part of the of the Hollywood/Highland complex for $10/day if you want to self park. Overall, it was an excellent stay. The only downside is the $9.95 charge for internet, which seems to be a common theme in Los Angeles.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>tacostuff
<Content>Nice hotel, bad workout facilities I stayed at the Renaissance Hollywood for about a week. The location of the hotel is good, and is right next to the Kodak Theatre. The hotel, however, is not very convenient to downtown LA, or to LAX. Hotel rooms on one side of the hotel look out over the Kodak Theatre, and the other side looks out at the Hollywood sign. I particularly like the free MM's in the lobby (clearly a very important perquisite...). On a different note, the hotel charged $5 to ship a package that was already prepaid. The workout room in this hotel is sub-par for a hotel of this class. The workout room only has a couple of machines, and what it does have, is comparable to equipment you would have in your home. The concierge lounge is decent, and is on-target with other Renaissance hotels. It has the standard fare in the morning (continental breakfast, with an additional two warming dishes of hot items, which vary), and in the afternoon it has some appetizers. Overall I would stay here again, though I did think it was a tad pricy for a Renaissance (about $300 a night).  
<Date>Apr 20, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	-1	3	

<Author>Bully1959Canaries
<Content>Excellent location and value Great hotel with all the your needs catered for. Very close to local restaurants, hollywood and universal studios.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>Dave_Webb
<Content>Lovely hotel, great location Started a three week holiday with a three night stay in Los Angeles despite many of our friends trying to put us off. We decided to stay in the Hollywood area rather than downtown and found the Renaissance to be perfectly situated for all of the tourist/sightseeing areas. We booked a room with access to the lounge on the 19th floor which meant that we could have a free breakfast each morning and also gave us free access to coffee and soft drinks throughout the day. Our initial room was on the 20th floor but when checking in we asked to change to a lower room and was given an identical room on the 6th floor with absolutely no fuss. The room was very comfortable and had a large window looking out at the Hollywood sign. The hotel was very well presented and also had a Hertz desk which meant that we could easily pick up a car for the next phase of our trip. The hotel and surrounding area far surpassed our expectations and was a great start to our holiday.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>TrinnyEssex
<Content>Good hotel, central for Kodak Theatre,etc Following other traveller reviews of this hotel, stayed for 2 nights 7/09 April 2008. Had room on 17th floor overlooking Hollywood Hills and sign. No problems checking in, friendly, helpful staff. Room big and spacious, had 2 queen beds for my husband and I and 2 children. Very clean. Restaurant good not too pricey, swimming pool outside good. Overall experience of hotel excellant. Right next to Kodak Theatre, Walk of Fame, Chinese Theatre. Ok but wouldnt want to go out at night with children, In that case better to stay in Beverley Hills. Visited Universal Studios, great place for kids, had a hire car, so drove around Sunset boulevard, sunset strip, Rodeo drive, Mulholland Drive, so can do all tours do, and cheaper, sat nav recommended  
<Date>Apr 13, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>Cathrynsrealm
<Content>Almost Perfect       Our room, shades pulled down.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	3	5	5	3	

<Author>AustraliaKylie
<Content>Fantastic Location We stayed 4 nights, the location is fantastic, ask for room with a view of the Hollywood sign. We had a huge room with two king size beds. Arrived at lunch time and could check in straight away. Very quite hotel obviously has great sound proofing, staff very friendly, facilities great but we never used them as we were out all day. Booking with expedia we got breakfast included for the adults, my 5 year old was free and there was a small charge for our 9 year old. The buffet breakfast was probably the best we have ever had in any hotel. A chef made fresh waffles and omlets, and the quality of the produce was first class. The location is great for shopping and so close to all the hollywood attractions. Universal Studios is one train stop away.If you have time catch a taxi approx $15 to The Grove and Farmers Market we spent the whole day there, very beautiful place to shop and eat and there are free tram rides up and down the mall.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>BeingGreen
<Content>Fun Place! I used Marriott Rewards points to book two nights here on a trip that took my mom, neice, her friend, and me from San Francisco to LA. I chose this hotel due to its proximity to Hollywood attractions that I thought would interest my teenage neice and her friend.The hotel did not disappoint.The Mezzanine level of the hotel connects to the adjacent entertainment/shopping complex, so we could easily access restaurants, movies, and tourist attractions like the Kodak Theater and the Graumann's Chinese theater.We took a Starline Tour and walked the Hollywood Walk of Fame from the hotel. We were also several miles away from the Warner Brothers Studio VIp tour which we also took.The only complaint I had with the hotel was that upon check-in when I inquired about the rollaway bed I had requested I was told it would be sent right up. When time passed and it was not there and we were all wanting to go out I decided to go ahead with our plans and expected the bed would be there upon return. It was not. I called and this time I was told the person who would deliver the bed was on break, but that it should be there in twenty minutes. An hour later I called again and when the person on the other line said At your service I told them that he needed to answer the phone differently based on my experience thus far with the hotel staff. The bed was immediately delivered. When the man who delivered the bed saw there were four of us sharing the room he left and returned not only with extra towels, but extra coffee cups, shampoo and conditioner. I very much appreciated this attention to detail!We ordered room service one night and the food was delivered within the time promised and att he right temperature. The man who delivered the food said that the hotel was very busy and that we should just leave the table outside the door and not to call for pick-up. I was disappointed to see that the table stayed outside the room overnight and was removed mid-morning of the following day. The food itself was delicious and there were no complaints from any of us about it. The only problem we had was they only gave us two flatware services--despite it clearly being four distinct meals with four beverages, etc. Luckily, we had plastic flatware in the room from an earlier take-out meal so we made do using a spoon when a fork might have worked better, etc.The room was clean and the pull-down window shade blocked the sun nicely so we were able to sleep well even though we were on Eastern Standard Time and a bit out of sorts with the Pacific time schedule.All in all it was a good visit. The bell staff delivered our car in a timely fashion though I was a bit annoyed when at check-out two employees chatted away while we waited with our luggage needing to leave for the airport. The driver stopped, backed up, and then stopped so that we could not get to the car. I felt the reason he did this was that the bellman were busy loading the luggage of guests ahead of us and that if he pulled up we might load the car ourselves rather than waiting for the assistance of the bellmen depriving them of their tip. I don't know that this was the case, but it was annoying to me as we were watching the clock and anxious to get on our way. It was frustrating to see our car yards a way and the driver and another employee (the person who we had given our car receipt to for picking up the car) just joking around while we waited and waited and waited......Other than that the staff was friendly and helpful. I used the concierge's service several times for directions and they were always on the mark.The gift shop at the hotel is very tiny and cramped, but almost anything you need is within walking distance to the hotel. There is a Starbucks in the adjacent shopping center and another right down the street, as well as another take-out place with fruit bowls, pastries, breakfast sandwiches, etc.-I think it was called Fatima's.This is a very good location for seeing the area. The hotel itself was very quiet and the view of the Hollywood sign out the window of the hotel was nice.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	3	3	

<Author>blondie63
<Content>Absolutely loved our stay here! We just returned from a 4 day stay at this hotel and absolutely loved every minute of staying there. We booked the club level, something I would have never considered had I not read the reviews here, and it was worth every penny. They provided very nice breakfast in the morning with a wide selection of choices, and a light snack in the evenings. Water, soda and coffee was available all day. Definately worth the extra $$ for my family. The room itself was impecibly clean, and I loved the California decor and incredible views. We didn't deal much with the staff but the view times we did were always positive. I will definately recommend this hotel to all my friends and family, and I don't hand out recommendations lightly. It was most definately a 5 star experience for us, from start to finish.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>xxxtraveltoday
<Content>The best of Hollywood We stayed there the night after the Oscars. So the town was still hyped up. Hollywood Blvd. was closed to cars. The hotel is in the best location-right next to the Hollywood  Highland Complex with various shops and restaurants. Reminds me of the Sony Complex in Berlin. The decor of the hotel is from the 1950's. I expected Lucy and Ricky to knock on our door. Hollywood of the fifties was Hollywood at its best. This hotel does not disappoint. It's a fun place. Great views of the Hollywood hills.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>MissDHappy
<Content>A Perfect Hollywood Location! The Renaissance is quite the place! The location is outstanding....the unbelievable proximity to the Kodak Theatre complex, the Graumann's Theatre, tours.......I travelled without a car so its been ideal. My room was huge and the floor to ceiling window made for a gorgeous view of the Hollywood sign. It was clean, quiet and very comfortable. Being so close to the shopping isn't necessarily so good though! :)  
<Date>Mar 9, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>writer_lady
<Content>Location, Location, Location If you want a great place to stay in the heart of Hollywood, the Renaissance Hollywood has the best seat in town. It's located right in the Hollywood  Highland complex which features great shopping, dining, the Kodak theater (the very same in which the Oscars are hosted) Grumman's Chinese Theater, and a perfect view of the Hollywood sign. In a very car-centric town, this hotel lets you walk (safely) to a couple of the most visited, must-see sites. You can get over to see the famous hands in the cement at any hour.But enough about the location, the hotel itself was extremely comfortable. Modern, stylish rooms with extremely comfortable beds, top quality linens, and again, a view of the Hollywood sign. It had a nice bar downstairs, small convenience store for late-night snacks/toothpaste. I stayed for buisness, and the wifi was reasonably priced (but not free, which is a drawback). Plus there was a buisness center for last minute printing  collating.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Jillymo
<Content>Very Happy! Very nice room, little smaller then expected but acceptable. Beds were very comfortable, views from any rooms were great. we overlooked kodak theater and swimming pool and loved it. Convenient location for seeing lots in a short amount of time. Was there a few days before Oscars and there were many late night parties, but wasn't bothered by noise. Would love to stay again!  
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>CaliforniaCharity
<Content>Loved it We were there for just one night but the place was spotless and modern. They were working on the spa so we couldn't use that and the pool wasn't as warm as they said... but the food in the restaraunt, though it took forever to get and there were only 3 other couples in the restaraunt, it was delicious! The downstairs bar was busy and provided a fun atmosphere to kick back in. It was steps away from all the action and the staff was very friendly.  
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CornHuskerNation
<Content>Great Overall       Pool  
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>happyundertow
<Content>Nice, but the beds are hard! The Renaissance is a beautiful hotel, very modern and clean. The room was spotless with a great bathroom. The service was a little cold, but very helpful, they never steered me wrong. The food in the club level lounge was very, very good and it was nice to have that quiet option. The location is great if you want to be right in the thick of Hollywood. My only real disappointment was the beds. They were hard as a rock, which maybe people generally like, but I had trouble sleeping. All in all, I would stay there again if I had to be in the area. Also, as a solo traveller I felt very safe.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>4	3	2	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>rockchalk07
<Content>lots to do in and out of the hotel I could not have asked for a better location. I had friends coming in from out of town and suggested that they stay there since it is in such a great location. I personally had never been in the hotel until they arrived. I spent one night there with them and was very pleased with my stay. Not only were the rooms awesomely decorated the hotel itself was so accommodating. Their restaurant Twist was delicious and their pool rocks. Now I hear they are opening a spa called Spa Luce and if you get a treatment there you can use the hotel pool for the rest of the day (even if you are not a hotel guest). That is perfect for me since I actually live in LA and do not need to stay at a hotel. I for sure give this place two thumbs up.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>marek1978
<Content>Good location, nice rooms Great location if you want to see Kodak theatre and star lane. Rooms are very nice with modern furniture, great views over the city, affordable valet parking ($27 if I remember correctly). Unfortunately if you make a trip by car and then want to return to the hotel in the evening you get stuck in traffic jams. So its best to stay there for one night see the oscars venue, star lane and escape :)  
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>AL81
<Content>The Renaissance has service issues! We stayed at the Renaissance hotel one night and we won't be going back! We had so many problems checking-in it was unbelievable! First, they lost our reservation and it took 45 minutes for them to find it (even though I had a reservation # and reciept from the internet). The lady at the desk was friendly, but made no attempt to credit us for the inconvenience. Then she wrote down the wrong room number, then our keys didn't work...etc. (All in all, it took us 1.5 hours to check-in from the time we walked into the doors at 4 p.m.) We had dinner reservations at 5:30 at Twist (in the hotel) which we were late for(food was just average). The location of the hotel is great and the room was fairly nice (except for a very strong bleach-type odor that overpowered the room). Overall, we will not stay here again!  
<Date>Feb 6, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	5	3	1	2	-1	

<Author>berkshire_nomads
<Content>Fine hotel but noisy guests I stayed here over the weekend ahead of a couple of days of business meetings the following week. When you are jet lagged and need a good night's sleep after a flight from London it's maybe a bit naive to stay in the entertainment captial of the world on a Saturday night. However I was surprised at the level of noise throughout the night.I had a room on the 13th floor overlooking the piazza of the Hollywood and Highland complex. There was no noise at all from outside, but I was regularly woken through to the early hours by noisy and lengthy conversations in the corridor outside. Then at 2.00 am there was an unbelievable amount of banging on the floor from the room above. I have no idea what was going on but so strong were the impacts that the fittings on the wall of my room started rattling. It stopped after a few minutes but by then I was awake. Being 10 am UK time my body clock kicked in and I had a tough time getting back to sleep. I certainly don't blame the hotel for this but I'd bear it in mind if I booked again. Otherwise eveything was fine. Rooms are large, clean and nicely designed and certainly from my room there was a good view. the bed was large and comformatble. I was also able to get a late checkout (6.00 pm) for a reasonable $40.  
<Date>Feb 3, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mskudzu
<Content>Great Hollywood Laocation I stayed at the Renaissance Hollywood Hotel for a quick weekend getaway and found it to be adequate for two nights. It is not a luxury property by any means, but it hits some right notes where it counts. The mattress is good, linens and pillows are fine, timely and decent room service as well as helpful concierge. I needed a razor and hair spray and both were delivered quickly. (The hair spray from the gift shop for a charge) They provide a computer at the concierge desk to print boarding passes and map quest maps to get around. They also provide free citrus infused water in the lobby each day.I was on the 17th floor over looking the Hollywood Hills and the view is engaging. Bring your binoculars and you can check out the homes! The bathrooms are modern but again not luxurious... clean with the exception of the air vent which was covered with dust and lint. This hotel is about location. It works for those who want to be in the center of the Hollywood attractions or are visiting someone living in the hills above.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	5	3	3	3	4	

<Author>monikasz
<Content>Just OK I have stayed at the Renaissance Hollywood Hotel for only 2 nights. My husband and I won a Hollywood Gateaway trip for 3 days and that's the hotel they put us in. Since the hotel was all booked for regular rooms, we were put in an Executive Suite overlooking the hills. The room itself was quite big, with huge windows, pretty views. The bathroom was nice too, with seperete shower and toilet. The room wasn't the cleanest. It was just ok. But we loved the location of the hotel, right in the midst of all the attraction of the Hollywood Blvd. Would stay there again.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	4	3	3	

<Author>IJai
<Content>Renaissance Hollywood Hotel...Fantastic! My sisters and I stayed at the Renaissance Hollywood Hotel from December 27-29, 2007. We were born and raised in California, but had never done the California tourist thing, so we decided to go to Hollywood for a few days before a Mexican Riviera cruise and check out the scene. This hotel is fabulous! The staff was friendly and helpful. The check-in and check-out was quick and efficient, and we had a comfortable room with a wonderful view of the Hollywood sign and the Capitol Records tower. The complex that surrounds the hotel was great, you almost didn't need to leave the hotel complex if you didn't want to. There were restaurants, a movie theatre and plenty of shops to keep us busy. The Renaissance Hotel is a pick up spot for a lot of the tours of the surrounding areas. Also, there is a Metro Station on the back side of the hotel where you can catch a train that goes directly to and from Universal Studios for $2.50 round trip. We spent a day at the Universal Studios park and didn't have to worry about renting a car or taking a cab there. If you are going to take a Hollywood Stars Homes and City Tour, I would advise you NOT to take a Star Line Tour. The buses are filthy and unmaintained, they are unorganized, and the customer service is terrible. The half day tour that we took was so bad, we couldn't wait for it to be over. It was a hassle from beginning to end.At night the hotel complex comes to life with people strolling the streets viewing the stars on the Walk of Fame, taking snapshots of the Chinese Theatre, The Kodak Theatre, and watching the many street performers that come out at night to entertain and take pictures with the tourists. Our final night in the area, we went for dinner at a beautiful little Cuban restaurant called El Floridita. It was a five minute cab ride from the hotel and the food and ambiance was great. We had an excellent meal and enjoyed the live band and salsa dancing that the restaurant features on Saturday nights. All in all we had a wonderful three day stay. This hotel is close to everything, and the service is superb! I would definitely recommend it to friends, and if I ever return to do the tourist thing again, I know where I will be staying!  
<Date>Jan 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mfaco
<Content>Just Perfect I stayed at this Hotel with my family and it was just perfect. Very good location with spacious room. The concierge was very attentive and kind as the rest of the personnel.It is also clean, with a very fast room service.I recommed it.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>triwinner
<Content>Great Location This hotel is in a great location. By car it is very easy to get in and out of. However, the price for parking or valet is a bit ridiculous, but I guess that is normal for LA. The hotel interior decorations are a bit modern for my taste but it is still very nice and clean. The front desk staff look and act like high school kids but they were nice and friendly and fairly efficient with the check in process.The hotel pricing is a tad expensive but you are paying for the location (and the nicest hotel in the area). The room was nice and clean with ultra-modern furnishings. The bed was very comfortable and the Internet access was easy.I did not use the bar in the lobby but it looked nice.The restaurant on the second floor had good food. Do not miss the breakfast buffet. Make sure to try the lemon pancakes.There is a fairly nice mall attached to the hotel that you can walk through to get to Hollywood Blvd.I picked this hotel because of its close proximity to the Magic Castle on Franklin. It was very easy for me and my wife to walk there for dinner and come back very late in the evening.Overall, I would stay there again because of the location.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>gbtrotter
<Content>Always Welcomed at the Renaissance This was my second stay at the Renaissance and it was just wonderful. Being able to stroll Hollywood Boulevard within ten minutes of leaving your room is definitely worth the higher price you would pay staying somewhere else. We swam in the pool, shopped in the mall the hotel is attached to, saw the movie Enchanted at Disney's El Capitan Theatre just across the street and had a great time. We only paid around $129 - it must have been a really slow night because it's usually between $200-$300. They really nail you with overnight valet parking of around $30 but the only other options are public lots around Hollywood which are less expensive but less secure. The Roosevelt Hotel down the street is making a name for itself as a place the paparazzi hang out looking for people to photograph people like Paris Hilton. It's a fine place to have a drink but it's dark and dismal compared to the Renaissance.  
<Date>Jan 17, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>howardjohn
<Content>Loved the Rennaisance       The hollywood sign  
<Date>Jan 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Matcham16
<Content>Best location in Hollywood!       Our hotel room on the 16th floor  
<Date>Jan 9, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>marcnshirl
<Content>Handy location, nice staff...celebrity spotting :-) My husband and I, along with our 2 neices and 2 children stayed in this hotel for 6 nights as part of our family trip to California, we had been at the Disneyland Hotel for 6 nights prior to arriving in Hollywood...see seperate review.We booked an executive king and a standard room with 2 doubles and requested connecting rooms and a roll away bed. All of our requests were met. The hotel is located atop of the Highland center with an array of shops, cafes, cinemas and restaurants to explore....fabulous spot.We were checked in efficiently and with a smile and told about the concierge floor offering breakfast for a $30 charge per room extra. We thought this great value and accepted this offer. Breakfast varied each day but there was cereal, fruit and some offering of either bacon, sausage and eggs each morning. They also had a variety of juices and starbucks coffee in the lounge. There were also breads and pastries on offer. In the evening there were snacks and during the day you counld pop up and grab a softdrink or water if you wanted also some pieces of fruit.Our rooms were very nice and clean, our executive king was also handicap accessable, so we had a huge bathroom and plenty of extra space. The room with the doubles had a smaller bathroom, but both rooms had mini bar, amoir and a large closet.We found the location to be perfect and used the train system which is located right in the Highland Complex, to get down to the Staples Center one night when we went to the basketball. It is a fast, safe and inexpensive way to get about, without the hassles of parking and LA traffic to contend with. An all day ticket is only $5 per person, and can be used on the trains or buses. When we finished with our passes at the end of each day we handed them on to some less fortunate folk, (which seem to frequent the Hollywood area)...who made use of them to get to where they were going.We booked tours through starline, which are just on the street in a kiosk at the bottom of the Highland center on Sunset. They will heavily discount for a family group...just ask, smile and be patient...we saved just under $100 for a family of 6. We did tons of walking and sightseeing around Hollywood and at all times felt safe. One day we walked from the hotel to the Beverly Center....we walked down Highland, onto Melrose and all the way to La Cienega and to the Mall....it took us 3 and a half hours...with stops for shopping, drinks and icecreams along the way...what a fabulous walk that was, enjoying Hollywood by foot is really something.....I digress...back to the Hotel...we found the staff very friendly, the rooms spotless, the food delicious...even room service was very fast and arrived hot and fresh at very reasonable prices...so we took advantage of this a lot with snacks in bed while watching tv for everyone, almost nightly.The manager told me, when we were checking out that the rooms are due for a refurbishment, and that they were going to be fabulous, with flat screen tvs, new linens (nice already) and new pillows (which need changing), carpeting etc. The refurb is due to start early 2008. The spa is being built now too. Whilst there we saw, Judith Light in the lobby, we saw Tom DeLong from Angels and Airwaves checking in, we saw Jack Nicholson and Lindsay Lohan at the basketball, we saw the guy from Supersize Me...pushing his child in a stroller along Melrose and my husband saw one of the Baldwin brothers driving down Hollywood Blvd...but wasnt sure which one it was...so if you are into celebrity spotting....they really do get out and about in Los Angeles...we saw some and were kind of excited lol.We felt this hotel offered exceptional value for money, a wonderful location and very nice, helpful staff. The congierge is very good, we had several packages delivered to the hotel that my husband ordered online and all of them arrived in one piece and on time. Overall we had a wonderful time in Hollywood at the Renaissance. I would recommend this hotel to family, friends and fellow travellers.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>conniejo688
<Content>Wonderful. We spent 3 nights at this hotel (Dec. 28th-Dec. 31st) and it was truly a wonderful experience. 1) Room: We were on the 17th floor and had an excellent view of Hollywood Blvd and beyond. (We had just a standard 2 bed room). 2) Service: We were promptly checked in no delays. Concierge service was outstanding. They took their time with us and booked our reservations whether it be a tour or a dinner.3) Location: You can't beat it. Several eating places within walking distance as well as Hollywood Blvd and sights that the tour buses stop at - they are literally in your backyard. You are attached to an open air 5 story mall with several stores, theaters and shops. There is also a gas station right next door as well as a small strip mall across the street.4) Parking: We came by taxi - so we did not experience the headache of the parking, but they do have valet parking and share the parking garage with the mall.5) Cost: Yes it was expensive, but no more higher than the other hotels in this area that I checked out. You could stay for less in downtown LA, but it is truly where you want to be.I would highly recommend this hotel for your Hollywood experience.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>travelhelper1
<Content>Good hotel, good location Spent two nights here and thought it was fine. Contrary to many postings, I found all of the staff to be friendly and helpful. Valet was prompt, room service was delicious and the room was great. (request a fridge, you can keep soda and beer from the corner drug store and save a few bucks). We had a suite with a view of the Hollywood sign. The shopping area connected to the hotel gives you a lot of choices for eating. You are in the heart of Hollywood for viewing the sights (freaks??). I'd recommend a tour of the stars houses. It seems a bit corny, but it was fun and you do get to see quite a bit. Avoid Rodeo Drive. . . over hyped and not worth the traffic headache.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>alexsndiego
<Content>Good Hotel but depends on what you are looking for We had the opportunity to stay one night at the Renaissance Hollywood Hotel. My review is very limited because we only statyed 1 night. This is a very nice hotel but there some things that I didnt like about the hotel.Let me start out with the positives:1) Location - Cannot be beat. Adjacent to the Kodak Theater, Mann Chinese Theater, and Hollywood and Highland shopping center.2) Cleaniless - Hotel was clean and comfortable. Bed was really nice to sleep on.3) Public Transportation - The LA's red line light rail is located about a block away. The Red Line can take you to Universal Studios, Pantages Theater, and China Town (via transfer).4) Great views from higher floors.Here are some of the things that I didnt like about the hotel.1) Location - Its tough to get in and out of this hotel because the entrance to the hotel is along a small driveway that leads to the parking structure for the Hollywood and Highland shopping center. Hollywood and Highland streets are very busy and typical of Southern California gridlock.2) Valet Service - Very busy hotel. Valet service can take up to 5 to 10 minutes especially in the mornings during check out. Be sure to call ahead. Expensive! Try and get a rate that includes valet service. 3) Bathroom - pretty small and nothing pretty about it. just a standard hotel bathroom in their standard hotel room. Sink, vanity, toilet, and shower are all located in one room. Pretty tight accomodations.You pay for location here. This hotel does not have the luxury amenities and features equal to its price. The price you pay is because of location, location, location. Just keep that in mind if you stay at this hotel.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	5	-1	-1	

<Author>Badang
<Content>Pleased 100%. Almost. Until Delighted to Assist failed... We wished that we booked a room in last year's Queen Mary New Year's Eve Party. And so, that's what we did at this NYE Party at Hollywood Renaissance. My sister who has a medical condition and may get tired sooner is coming with us, so I upgraded to the best room they have available at the time of my booking which was a mini suite. The room was a little bigger than a standard hotel room, immediate view was an empty land and parking lots definitely not the Hollywood sign shown in their web site but the changing room for the performers for the event was also within our immediate view that caught attention and we get a good view of the entertainment on the poolside. My sister said that she was pleased and that's good enough for me. My husband and I and our daughter didn't intend to stay after the party because we only live 30 minutes away. My sister insisted that we stay at least until early morning when it is safer to drive. The king size bed was used by my sister and her husband. Our daughter and I used the sofa bed but the extra blanket found in the closet was not thick enough plus we needed one more for my husband who's contented with two seats put together. Anne from Delighted to Assist agreed to send up two blankets and two towels. We waited and waited and nothing arrived. My husband just wrapped himself up with the bath robes. Definitely not the kind of service we expected for $420/night we paid.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NYCandworld
<Content>A few hits, a few misses I spent 6 nights at this property earlier this December. The room was quite spacious, and the bed and amenities were fine. I also have to compliment the staff of Twist, which is a great restaurant. I have to agree with previous comments on here about hotel staff. From check-in and throughout the trip, many of the staff seemed uninterested and preoccupied. I felt like they were not trained at all by Marriott, as opposed to most Marriott's where there is a consistency of service. Quick tip: Parking is $10 a night at Hollywood and Highland complex. If you can walk a little bit and it is not much at all, this is well worth the savings over the valet and seemed very secure. Mel's Diner around the corner was a good meal option, as well as Vert in the Hollywood and Highland complex (which unfortunately shut down during the stay) and Trastevere for Italian food.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	1	2	-1	

<Author>JulesOZBrisbane
<Content>Surpassed all expectations I stayed at the Renaissance for three nights over the weekend of 30 November 2007 with two teenagers. I chose the Renaissance simply because of the location. We had been to LA in 2006 and stayed in West Hollywood... I decided then that our next stay would be at the Renaissance. I must admit to being a little nervous based on TA reviews but adjusted my expectations accordingly.We had a club level room on the 19th floor with access to drinks/snacks and breakfasts (with the exception of Saturday). I booked directly with the hotel and paid $199 per night.I can only describe our three-night experience as excellent. There was not one low point to our stay. The staff were fantastic, the room was surprisingly light and roomy, the view of the Hollywood sign etc. was amazing, the Club Lounge was a god-send and the location was simply unbeatable.We will definitely be back.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>BanaPona
<Content>Mixed experience I have very mixed feelings about this hotel. One thing that I can say is that if you decide to stay here, definitely get a club-level room. The views will be much nicer and the breakfast, snacks, and desserts make the price difference well worth it. The breakfast - while basic - is more than adequate for a couple day's stay. The snack were pretty decent, and the desserts were quite good - although varied day-to-day and sometimes limited in selection. There are also water and soft drinks available throughout the day, which was convenient. However, don't count on the club during the weekend - from what I remember from the sign, it closes before noon on Friday and only re-opens Sunday night. The lounge also lacks a high number of comfy seats and also lacks internet facilities for guests (although staff seem more than determined to do high quantity surfing at their one desk while guests must ask for more food etc). The lounge was also strange in that many guests just came and grabbed stuff and took it to their room (presumably one reason is the lack of comfy-ness in the lounge). In other club lounges that I have been in, guests would relax and even mingle. In this lounge, that was totally non-existent.The room was fine. It was clean and I loved the natural light of the big windows. The decor was OK, but a bit busy and a bit non-functional (except the comfy chair) in my opinion. The bathroom was OK, but I hate the bomb-shelter feel that the heavy, self-closing door gives it. I also hated the big brother fridge - where you cannot put your own stuff in as it is completely slots... luckily at the club level, you can get free cold drinks until 10pm.There are a lot of wannabes staying and hanging around this hotel - this was a bit unpleasant, but maybe it does give you an insight into some people around La-La land.The staff are highly varied at this hotel. Some are quite good. Quite a few unfortunately cannot be bothered by guests apparently. Some of this is probably due to these kids having their heads in their star-life dreams.... things like bell-boys chatting about this-and-that while fully blocking the door for my wife who had to walk all the way around them and club lounge attendants surfing IMDB for endless hours while guest wonder if that is all the food there is. I also think that it must be due to poor training - this particular hotel seems so concerned about looking good that it gives the employees prepared things to say (e.g., saying delighted at the end of a conversation with guests) without concerning itself with whether the staff actually means it. I was subjected to so many fake canned statements that I wanted to puke...... I would say that it is La-La land, but we stayed at another hotel of the same brand and had such a different experience....maybe it is just Hollywood.  
<Date>Dec 22, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	1	1	1	

<Author>JamesBond0007
<Content>Hollywood and fine . Hold on , it in Hollywood people. The area is a lot better then it used to be believe me. Its always busy even late at night and you will be fine. Firstly about some of the muppets who have reviewed the hotel....... why did you stay in Hollywood ? Its full of historic building and places , if you you love film and old forties film you will love it and this hotel. All you others please go to your theme parks and shut up. This hotel is of a high standard, top draw if you have to put up with the crap serviceand hotels in Engand, Have no worries on stopping here. Go buy a good Hollywood history book from Borders and enjoy the area, The Pig and Whistle is great, Bogart, Bacall, Hemmingway etc all used it in its day........ If you do not like that mixed in with the slightly tacky t shirt stands and all stay away, Santa Monica is lovely.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Carltongirl
<Content>Not what you think you are paying for. We stayed at this hotel for 4 nights arriving on the 17th November and departing Wed 21st November 2007.We telephoned ahead from Cabo as our flight was delayed for 3.5hrs and to let the hotel know that we would be late and to ensure that we still kept our reservation.On our arrival we were told by the female checking us in that they had no king size beds, this is despite the fact that I had telephoned approx 7hr prior from Mexico to advise of our late arrival. We were offered a double room as there were no king rooms left and when my husband explained he is too tall for a double bed we were moved into the disabled persons room (with a king bed) next to the elevator. At this time I asked that my husband and I have a room change the next day to a king size room. The next day we were moved to a room with a king size bed on the same floor. Housekeeping - the room was very clean, however for 2 out of four days we arrived back in our room in the late afternoon to find that housekeeping had not been. On each occasion we called housekeeping (or delighted to assist button on the phone) and were told they would send someone up straight away. We waited and waited and no one showed. Eventually on our third phone call over a 2 hr period, housekeeping eventually showed up. A message was left on our room phone message bank from the hotel advising they hoped our room had been cleaned and they wanted to ensure that our stay was special! The next day housekeeping knocked on our door and we said we will be 10 minutes and housekeeping said that would be fine and they would clean the room in 10 minutes. We left the room and arrived back 5 hours later and housekeeping had not touched the room. We called 'delighted to assist' and explained housekeeping had not been etc, the same thing had happened yesterday, they said sorry blah blah blah and someone would be up right away. 2 hours passed again before my husband called up twice more and housekeeping finally turned up at 4.10pm explaining to my husband they were not aware the room had to be cleaned earlier.Another downside, there is no laundry for clothes washing. The only alternative is dry cleaning through the hotel which is expensive.The reception/check in staff were not friendly (perhaps a reflection on the management) however the hotel did provide us with two beverage vouchers to the value of $16 each on our last day, however the same cannot be said for the restaurant staff at The Twist Restaurant at the hotel. The Twist Restaurant staff were friendly, helpful and ensured that all guests had everything they needed. We ate in the restaurant in the morning (The chilled buffet $16 is healthy and nutritious and delicious, American Buffet is $20) and the dinner menu is superb and the food delicious and fresh. Their wine list is excellent. The staff will chat to you and show an interest in you. We really appreciated their friendliness and kindness. The bellhops were really friendly and always ready to answer any questions we had. The concierge on the day we asked the gentleman a question, Tuesday 20th November was disinterested and unfriendly.The location of the hotel is great for all the tourist attractions in the area. Shopping is limited at Hollywood and Highland although there is a great DWS shoe store nearby.At nightime the area is questionable and sleazy at night and we would not recommend hanging around the boulevard for too long. It would not be a particularly safe place. We recommend Mels Diner for dining for either Breakfast, lunch or dinner which is a 5 minute walk from the hotel.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	4	5	2	1	4	

<Author>GQue
<Content>Nice hotel Weak on front desk sev. Incl Mgrs Just came back after two nights.Hotel and room very nice.Problems: Called Marriott direct and booked the room using the properties promotion (M11) for parking included (VS $29 per night) and had Resv in hand. Told system did not show what I had and I would have to pay for parking. Asked for Mgr. who came over and told me the same thing regardless of what I had in hand. Told not familiar with the promotion (even though it was on their direct website) After about 10 minutes of going back and forth I said let me get on the computer and I would show them their promotion on their site. First told I would have to go to the 3rd fl business center even though they had 6 computers with internet access 5 feet from me and only 2 being used. Finally allowed to use the system and even when I pulled it up and showed it to them at first they did not want to honor it. Finally manager said he would take care of it. When I checked out two days later they had still charged me $29 x 2.Which I then had to start all over again with another mgr to resolve. (Another 10+ minutes) -Valet parking often did not answer the phone when calling down. Twice I had to call front desk to complain to get my car.- Minus this good location for what I had to do.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LondonLegend
<Content>Great Hotel - Shame About Hollywood We stayed in Hollywood as part of our Honeymoon before making our way up the coast to Cambria, San Fran  then on to Maui. I will only base my review on the hotel itself  we found the Hollywood Bvld area itself a major let down.The hotel  the complex it is situated on is superb. The room was clean  quite spacious  had everything you could really want for your stay. The view was as good as you will get in that location. Our room looked over Hollywood  the city of LA. We never had many dealings with the staff other than checking in  checking out of the hotel. We were only there 2 nights  to be honest we never encountered any problems with service. One major plus which was a surprise was the cost of onsite car parking. If I remeber correctly it was $20 a nights. Which was great value compared to the shock I got in San Fran at a rate of $50 a night.The hotel has a great location if you want to do the tourist stuff of Hollywood  surrounding area's. The hotel itself is built within an open air mall type area. You have some nice shops but the mall area contains mainly restauransts.All of this is situatated right on Hollywood Bvld  next door to the Kodak  the Chinese Theatre.The hotel swimming pool was on the small side  was empty most of the time. Not somewhere to go if you want to have a lazy holiday.We booked a city tour of LA  Hollywood via the hotel concierge. They were very helpful in pointing us in the right direction  who to avoid in booking these kind of trips. We ended up having a great day  took in some wonderful places within LA. Through this trip we came across the Santa Monica area which we loved  will hopefully vist for a longer stay in the future.If you are the type of person that wants to come to Hollywood  do all the tourist stuff then this has to be the hotel for you. It has a great location, well priced  is clean  modern. But be warned if you are from out of town like us  have no experience of Hollywood then be prepared for a big disappointment regarding the Hollywood Bvld area. We found the place to be very intimidating especially in the evening  quite sleezy  dirty. Not what we expected at all.Regards,Jason  Anne (London)  
<Date>Nov 20, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Ireland-bound09
<Content>fantastic! WONDERFUL place to stay - could not ask for a better location if you're there to do the Hollywood scene; one-half block from Hollywood Blvd and Walk of Fame, Grauman's Chinese, etc. and adjacent to a beautiful open-air 4 story mall. Very clean, very nice rooms; excellent beds; excellent service. Would absolutely stay there again without question!  
<Date>Nov 18, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jazzalicious
<Content>Bad Bad Bad I am at The Renaissance Hotel right now. 4 hours ago we came back to our room. I walked into the bathroom and the sink was filled with black sludge. Basically the sewer system had backed up into our sink and the sink was filled with human waste. I phoned down to the front desk and they said they would send up someone to fix it. I said that was fine but I would like to be moved to another room. I was put on hold for 10 minutes and then informed that there were no other rooms. I asked to speak with the manager. After waiting for another 10 minutes I was told that the manager was busy. I informed the front desk person that I found it hard to believe that a hotel this size would not have a room available. She told me that there were rooms availabe but none of them were clean. I told her that I was sure she would not want to stay in a hotel room with human waste in the sink. She put me on hold again. She then came back and said that she had found a room. She said that she would send up keys to the new room right away. I thanked her and told her I would still like to speak to the manager. 20 minutes later we were still waiting for the keys. I went downstairs and got the new keys myself. I still haven't heard from the manager. If you are looking for a hotel with good service I would look elsewhere.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2007
<Rating>1	1	3	5	1	3	1	-1	

<Author>sfcafox
<Content>LOVED this hotel, GREAT SERVICE, Studio Suites are AWESOME, Location Location!       Renaissance Hollywood  
<Date>Nov 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>weluv2vacation
<Content>Renaissance again! I just received an email from someone who asked about parking and it reminded me that I have not yet wrote a review of my Aug. 2007 7 day stay at the Renaissance. This was our 2nd time at this hotel and it will definitely not be our last. We love this hotel and hope it does not change unless it is to become even better. You just cannot beat the location that is pretty much central to everything. Hollywood just outside your door, L.A (we love to go to the farmers market and Grove) and Beverly Hills min. away, Santa Monica- We love to just hop on Sunset Blvd. to the PCH, Universal about 15 min, etc. and there's even a metro stop just outside the door though we always use the car. Though Disneyland and Knotts were not the sole purpose of our trip, we did go one day each for those and the car ride there was not far either.In the 2 times we have stayed there, I have not encountered bad service. On the contrary, it has been quite excellent. The hotel and room are clean. We requested a roll away bed and mini fridge, extra towels and pillows and all came at no extra charge. Before your visit, if you book through them, they even email you a request form that includes things like early check in, fridge, extra pillows, etc. There's a pool area, at the time we were there they were adding a spa. It might be complete now. The Hollywood and Highland complex which the hotel is connected to is always fun with the shops, places to eat, bowling, and more.During this visit, one day walked out of the hotel and to our surprise Michelle Phieffer's Hollywood Walk of Fame Star ceremony was starting so we were up front and center! Actor Paul Rudd and Jeff Bridges were there as well and Jeff Bridges even took my camera and took a picture of the both of us for me! We travel to L.A. about twice a year and the Renaissance will be our choice again!  
<Date>Nov 3, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>LisaJordan91264
<Content>Nice Hotel - Shoddy Service The hotel was nice but the service really was crappy. I believe if we would have had 'fame n fortune' plastered on our forehead than we would have been treated like royalty. The room was $1000.00 for 2-nights which included two $29.00 valet parking charges (and taxes) but the service was just crummy. I'm writing a letter to the NW Marriott Regional Office at 1 Marriott Drive in Washington DC  another to corporate headquarters in Omaha, Nebraska. For the rate we paid, things should have been top notch, I believe. There was no information in the rooms on local things to do  see, no one informed us of any perks (cocktails, snacks, ice machines, etc), the only fridge in the room charged you extra if you put anything in there (such as my grandsons medication) and would automatically charge if anything was removed (and not normal rate). The room service for a pint of ice cream and a slice of cake for $40.00. It blows me away that at the rate this hotel charges, the service and extras they try to get you for. And don't try to use their luggage carts because they claim that 'normal people' can't push them - too much liability - I think this equates to our people really want a nice tip. : |Give me a jingle at Muneuss1@bendbroadband.com for further details if you need it.lisa  
<Date>Nov 2, 2007
<Rating>2	1	4	5	5	3	3	2	

<Author>bbuzzy
<Content>Great hotel!!! We stayed at the Renaissance Oct 27-29th. The hotel is in a great convenient location. The beds were super comfy and the room and bathroom very spacious. We choose to use the self parking which saved us a lot of money but at times the parking garage is so large that we sometimes couldn't find our car. We had our children with us however we did not see any other kids as the area in Hollywood is probably more geared to adults. At night is is very colorful with all kinds of people. I would recommend this hotel!  
<Date>Oct 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	3	5	-1	

<Author>thasez
<Content>great hotel Great hotel right in the heart of Hollywood. It's joined onto the Chinese Manns Theatre and is round the corner from the Walk of Fame. The hotel itself is clean, modern and has all the amenities including a pool area and gym. We had the breakfast buffett included with our room rate which we were pleased about because it costs $25! It's very nice though and they cater for everyone with cereals, fruit, bagels, eggs, bacon, sauages and fresh juice.The room was a good size and looked out over the hollywood sign and it was cleaned every day.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>shelley99
<Content>great hotel We (myself and my boyfriend)stayed at the Renaissance Hollywood for 3 nights from 12th october 2007 and really enjoyed our stay.After a slight hiccup upon arrival, as in we didnt have a reservation even though i booked it 13 months ago! I work at thomas cook so i booked it myself, took about 15 mins to resolve, finally found my reservation in a totally different name!!!Anyway, got our room, really modern and spacious looking at Hollywood sign, lovely bathroom and everywhere clean and tidy.The hotel is attached to Chinese theatre and kodak so virtually on the doorstep to everything, apparantly alot of the celebs stay here on oscars night as you can walk through to hotel without having to go back outside to get mobbed!!didint see any celebs though!We did a tour through starline which was fabulous took us through beverly hills movie stars homes tour, rodeo drive, stars cemmetry and even up into the hollywood hills for a close up of the sign! after this we did a walking tour of the walk of fame, el capitan theatre and kodak/graumans, amazing day and leant alot!!next day we did universal studios which was really great tooThe hotel is definatly worth 4 star as it was just a fab place and the staff were really helpful too. pool was small but didnt see anybody using it, great views from there too, if you go, request a high floor as views are great and its quieter too,I would definatley recommend this hotel for its location and i would stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	2	5	5	

<Author>MartyMcfly1985
<Content>Did I mention the location? We stayed at The Renaissance for 6 nights at the end of our 2 week holiday. The hotel was clean, but the decor was a bit tired, especially in the lobby. Very friendly and helpful staff though.If you are in LA for the Hollywood attractions this has to be the one of the best locations - Hollywood  Highland shops, restaurants, Kodak Theatre (good tour), Grauman鈥檚 Theatre, Walk of Fame, Hollywood sign, etc. Short taxi rides to Universal (pay extra for the VIP day, well worth it), NBC studios (pick up guaranteed entry Tonight Show tickets at Universal) and Warner Bros Studio Tour.Location also ideal for LA tours 鈥?Starline kiosk, pick-up and drop-off right in front of Grauman鈥檚. Did a couple of Movie Stars Home tours  Disneyland/California Adventure 鈥?far better than self-drive.Definitely hope to come back soon. On it's own it is good rather than great, but it鈥檚 all about the location.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>aussieitchyfeet
<Content>Great service and exellent location!! We have just returned from the US. Our first two nights where spent at the Hollywood Renaissance and it was exellent. I read about 6 months of reviews before deciding on the hotel and definitely made the right choice for us. We arrived at 9am after a 13hr flight and our room was ready. We had requested a high floor with a view over to the Hollywood sign this wasn't available at 9am but if we waited two hours that room was available.So off to Mels Diner for breakfast and a walk down the walk of fame and our room was ready. No problems at all. The week before the hotel had emailed and asked if we had any requests besides the view of the sign we also requestad a fridge to store drinks and some medication. It wasn't there when we returned later in the day and before I could followup the front desk rang to check if the fridge was in our room. It arrived 5 minutes later. The conceirge and porters couldn't have been more helpful with information and friendly and check in staff where great. I was travelling with my 2 children and I was a little anxious but my experience with this hotel made me feel safe and very comfortable. It is a great location ,our room was great We would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LilyNewZealand
<Content>Great location My son and I stayed at the Renaissance Hollywod Hotel for four days in September. Terrific location - a busy area and near all the 'touristy' things and terrific shopping. A bonus for my son was seeing Will Smith who was filming a movie in the street below. As another reviewer has said the fridge/mini bar was off putting but mainly because while we had tea/coffee making facilities we had nowhere to store milk we bought so ended up having to get extra 'whitener' which is just not the same. A small thing though really. Rooms were light, airy and clean, good shower! Staff were okay - not over friendly but did their jobs adequately.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	4	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>SeminarTrekker
<Content>Great Locale, Comfy Beds        View from room  
<Date>Oct 9, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>carouge
<Content>good location, nothing special Aside from the location being near Mann's Chinese Theater and the Kodak Theater, the hotel itself is just an overpriced wannabe-chic hotel. The rooms are adequately decorated, but necessarily functionally if you have to work. One tacky feature is that they prominently display a note that anything removed from the mini-bar results in an automatic charge- first time I ever saw that.One other minus- the parking lot I used every day was a 5-10 minute walk each time to/from the room.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2007
<Rating>3	2	3	4	3	3	3	2	

<Author>Escapefromthedesert
<Content>Heart of HollywoodO It is in a great location for the Hollywood area, it is right next to a subway stop, but to get around in Los Angeles you will need a car. The room was comfortable with a great view of Los Angeles. We were placed next to the service elevator and the walls were on the thin side. So, be sure to tell them in advance if noise bothers you. The bed was comfortable. The food was expensive in the hotel. Though, there are a significant number of places to eat within walking distance. The lobby is somewhat chic and the neighborhood is a very typical Hollywood neighbor hood. It is safe to walk except take care at night.I would recommend the hotel for first time visitors.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>Oztraveller72
<Content>Nice Hotel I stayed here 2 nights last week and thought the hotel was fair and worth the price. There is not much to do in Hollywood apart from the shopping and Walk of Fame etc, but if these things interest you this is a convenient location to them all. The hotel was clean, bed was comfortable and I had a view of the city on the top floor which was nice. I think compared to the other hotels around the area that this one is the best and is fairly priced.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	5	5	5	4	2	

<Author>jamesmcfadyen
<Content>no need for a car came over from Scotland with family for 5 nights in Vegas and 5 nights in Hollywood.Was worried about not having a car for Hollywood, was also told it was a dodgy neighbourhood. No problems at all. The hotel is excellent location superb.One metro stop from Universal, bus tour of Hollywood, bus to Disneyland, exploring the immediate area , shopping mall, cinema. Enough there to keep us fully occupied.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>vetten
<Content>Great Location We spent three nights here and were quite pleased with the hotel. It's location is absolutely what we found most pleasing. It's proximity to the Graumans and to some incredible shopping was big plus. We stayed in a deluxe room on 17th floor and it was decorated very nicely and very clean - especially the bath. Spectacular view of the city but would have opted for a hills view. We did not eat in hotel except for buffet breakfast which was excellent. Waiters were great.The service was very friendly and conceirge Allan very helpful. The only complaint is that there are not any bars open for cocktails before 4 PM. Only alternative was to order room service and with the room service charge and tip, it made a couple of glasses of wine ridiculously expensive. As I said though - it is the only complaint.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>vmimartins
<Content>Great location, Fantastic hotel After arriving at LAX, is a long way to the hotel but in LA everything is far away.The location is great ... even to get a LA tour. The shopping next door gives plenty of option on eateries... and the circus in the walk of fame is a must seeRooms have a simple and modern decor and the pool is small but great for a swim after a day of walking around  
<Date>Sep 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	4	5	

<Author>FunkyG
<Content>OK Hotel I stayed here for 3 nights in August with my wife and 2 boys (11  15). Thehotel was ok, room had a view of the Hollywood sign, and very comfortable beds. We visted universal studios for 2 days with our Southern California City Pass- excellent value if you are touring LA, Anaheim and San Diego. Universal Studios was enjoyed by all the family - the queues were not too bad, especially if you get there early. The only problem we had was that our room was not serviced one day, despit the fact that we were out from 8.00am to 6pm. We asked for a service whilst we were at dinner. We asked an employee and housekeeping. Upon our return it was not serviced as promised. We eventually got the room cleaned and new towels at 10pm. Unimpressed, I complianed to the desk manager who answered a phone call without looking at me whlist I was in mid-sentence. The hotel amanger eventually cam e over and apologised and gave us a $50 refund. This did spoil our view of the hotel, which other than this was satisfactory, if not exceptional, and a little expensive.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	3	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>Sophie6
<Content>Perfect hotel for family We stayed for 6 days and it was en excellent choice ! The hotel is 100m away from the chinese theater and the hollywood boulevard. The shopping mall is connected with the hotel (coffes shop, restaurants, shops), the breakfast is very good, the parking valet service is very convenient. Univesal studio is 5mn away. The rooms are big, colorfull and very quiet. I would come back and I recommend it to any family !Sophie  
<Date>Aug 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>FamilywithTeenagers
<Content>Great hotel for teenagers My family ( 2 adults and a teenage boy and girl) stayed here for 4 nights in August 2007. About 2 weeks before our visit, the hotel emailed us to welcome us and to offer us an on-line valet service. What a friendly gesture! This included the possibility of up-grading to use the Club level facilities for $40 per day.We were allocated an executive room on the 18th floor with fabulous views of the the Hollywood sign. Although we had a king bed, a double sofabed plus a single rollaway bed in the room, there was a great sense of space to spare and we did not feel at all squashed. All the beds were comfortable; surprisingly small spartan bathroom (but with a dressing room attached.)Club facilities were great value as we had breakfast there (continental with scrambled eggs, sausages and bacon) every morning, plus soft drinks (Coke, Sprite, bottled water etc) whenever we returned to the hotel, plus small cooked snacks in the evenings (tortelini once, beef satay on another evening and spanakopita - greek spinach nibbles in filo pastry- on yet another)The location was fantastic. Great shops and restaurants so close by, as well as the obvious sights (Chinese theatre, Walk of Fame, Hollywood Bowl etc). We got a free elephant card from the visitor centre, for discounts at some shops, restaurants AND at the HOTEL! There was good live (free) music performed in the courtyard of the shopping complex on 2 evenings - jazz and rock.Self-parking was easy and cheap ($10 per day, incl overnight). Beyond the refined calm of the hotel, the whole area was always bustling with people and activity and we never felt threatened or uncomfortable. (Tho' we were not out beyond about 11pm). The area to the east of Highland Ave is less glitzy than the complex itself but it was no more seedy than parts of Oxford Street or Tottenham court Rd in London. All in all, an excellent hotel base to stay. (Incidentally, we visited Venice Beach, and that was seedy!)  
<Date>Aug 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>K_Sydney
<Content>Great location Great location for touristy stuff! I think its pricey for what it is but worth it for the location. Funky decor, mostly very helpful staff.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>ladybugx87
<Content>Nice Hotel, Good Location I stayed at the Hollywood Renaissance for 3 nights on business in August 2007. Check in was smooth- I had a room on the 16th floor with a view of LA. The room was clean and spacious. The bathroom was nice as well and had all the amenities you would expect. My only complaint is that the TV had very limited channels. I used the valet service which was both prompt and courteous.I had room service breakfast one morning and I highly recommend the fruit smoothie.Checkout was smooth as well.I would consider staying here again- the only reason I would is because there are so many choices.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>KB1955
<Content>We had a great time! My 13-year old daughter and I made a mother/daughter trip to Hollywood and decided to stay at the Renaissance Hollywood Hotel. We have absolutely NO complaints! Our room was fabulous. We asked for a view of the Hollywood Hills and had a perfect view. Our room was so spacious and clean and well-appointed. It was nice to have a separate bathroom and dressing room. The staff was very helpful and we enjoyed the breakfast buffet at Twist every morning - it was worth the cost for fresh food and fruit. We would DEFINTELY stay there again.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>travelfromheretother
<Content>Prepare to pay a bribe Hotel is a beautiful property in a great location. But if you're checking in late at night, be prepared to pay a bribe. Seriously. David, who works the front desks some nights, will outright ask you for money to secure a reservation. When our group arrived, with a verbal but not confirmed reservation, he said he could only give us the room if we gave him $50 cash. We're not the first this has happened to.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	1	5	-1	

<Author>crazycatwoman
<Content>Great location for Hollywood walk of fame My daughter and i stayed here for three nights, four days. The hotel is outstanding, nothing is too much trouble, from the bell hop being there to take our cases to our room, to the concierge telling us he could book us a table at Aston Kutchers restaurant (we declined as i don't like fish).The hotel is situated has a mezzanine, which allows you to ger directly onto the hollywood walk of fame and shopping malls. (my sister) who lives there was very worried about two English women being let loose in Los Angeles and all the bad things that happen!!!!! I can honestly say, i never felt afraid at all, the Hotel was extremely secure, i don't think i will stay at any other hotel again except this one when i visit. Absolutely Outstanding.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lou-leighwilliams
<Content>A fab hotel to base yourself in.       View from hotel view - ask for a high-floor room  
<Date>Aug 19, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Mowzer
<Content>Fantastic all round!       View from the 13th Floor!  
<Date>Aug 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>MmePoppy
<Content>Totally successful 2-night stay We were delighted with our two rooms on the Club Level of this hotel. The Club Room offers a good free breakfast and copious snacks and goodies at happy hour, in addition to a light array of desserts later. Quite a good value, making it well worth the extra cost of these club level rooms.The room decor was fun and fresh with a sort of Jetsons Go Hollywood feel which we liked a lot. The hotel adjoins a shopping mall with movie theater, the Kodak Academy Awards theater (we took the tour and loved it!) and many places to eat. Our best meal of our whole California vacation was right there in the mall at Wolfgang Puck's restaurant Vert -- sublime food and not even all that expensive for what it was. We paid more elsewhere for much less interesting offerings.We enjoyed our stay and would definitely return to this location on a future trip.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	3	3	3	

<Author>TheWalkersWirral
<Content>Fantastic hotel Stayed for 4 nights 23rd July 2007.We are a family of four with two children 10 and 6 years.This is a brilliant hotel.The location is excellent and the view from our room on the 15th floor was breathtaking.The Mall underneath the hotel is perfect for eating and shopping.You could not be any closer to where the stars all left their mark on the walk of fame.As for the hotel, the staff were very welcoming and polite.The swimming pool is excellent for a cooling dip in the LA heat.Also the views aren't bad!! Stay here if you are stopping in LA for any time whatsoever, whether for one night or a week..Eat your breakfast at Johnny Rockets in the shopping mall.There is a great diner over the road from Hollywood boulevard called 'Mels Diner' eat there, fully recommended.Also do the starlines tour of the celebrity homes..Brilliant.All in all we stayed 4 nights and were able to visit Santa Monica, Rodeo Drive and we drove to the Malibu beach areas.A dream stay to start our holiday.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>drsuhail
<Content>A lovely place to stay! The saddest part was that I stayed here only for one night! I would love to return again and stay for a longer period. We were a family and had booked 2 rooms. Being a platinum elite card holder, I was upgraded to an executive suite with a king bed and a connecting room with 2 double beds and had access to the club lounge. Valet parking was good albeit a bit pricey at 29 bucks. Check in was like a breeze and my kids leapt with joy when they drew the blinds of the room and saw the magnificent view of Hollywood hills in front of them. You could literally spend the entire day gazing out at the view. The rooms were spacious and well decorated. For that matter the suite is not a 2 room suite as would be expected but rather its a large room with a seating area. The bathroom was huge and had a large dressing room as well. The lounge was fine but not as well equipped as I expected it - there were no constant soft drinks available as such. At 5 pm the cocktails and hot snacks were placed and in the morning a reasonable breakfast of continental fare with 1-2 hot items were placed. Location is par excellence and lots of shops and restaurants are nearby. Not to forget that you walk into the Chinese Theater and Kodak theater next door. Overall its a lovely property and very well maintained in every aspect.. The staff are great too and I would definitely return to this place again were I to visit LA.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Bdagal
<Content>Can't wait to go back!!! I enjoyed my stay at the Renaissance Hollywood. Check in was quick and the Front Desk personnel were very friendly. Also when we arrived by Taxi the bellman opened the door and greeted us like the stars we are.When making the reservations, we asked for fridge and by the time we checked in and went for a walk and came back the fridge was there. by 9:30 the maid was there to clean the rooms.Hotel is very convenient especially for people who don't have their own transportation. We took tours and we were able to go to Universal as the Metro Station was right there.I will go back to this hotel again and hopefully it won't be too long away.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>ATLTravelsALot
<Content>A Very Nice Surprise! What a view! Stayed 3 nights in an executive suite on the 15th floor with amazing views of the Hollywood hills/sign. The room was large with expansive windows. Overall service in the hotel was exceptional as well. Don't worry about the spa renovation warning on the hotel's website. This in no way interferes with the hotel overall and noise was not a problem. Location, location, location....a walkway leads to the very nice shopping center connecting all the major Hollywood tourist sites for great pictures. This is an above-average property. One suggestion: go early if you plan to have the breakfast buffet. The line/layout of the buffet gets long due to the setup. I would stay here again without hesitation. I have stayed at numerous hotels in the area including some very expensive 5-star properties in Beverly Hills, and the Renassance Hollywood ranks at the top of my list.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>elsiekate
<Content>Great stay at the Renaissance We stayed at the Renaissance from 19th-23rd July. Check in was incredibly quick, taking literally 1 minute to complete, which was a blessing as we were meeting friends for dinner less than an hour later and were pretty stressed out after a long drive through rush hour traffic from the airport! The hotel sends an email in the week before your stay asking if you have any specific requests, and we had requested extra towels and a refridgerator in our room. The pleasant receptionist noted this and said that they would be delivered to our room promptly. They arrived less about 10 minutes later. The room was reasonably sized and very clean, the bed was very comfortable with plenty of pillows. Our view from the 14th floor was of the pool area and into the Hollywood and Highland Center was pleasant enough. The bathroom was good, if nothing special, but the water pressure was good and the bathroom amenities were nice and replenished daily. Unlike some hotels the hair dryer was also moveable, and I was able to take this into the bedroom to use the mirror there whilst my husband was using the bathroom. Housekeeping was good, but there is a notice in the bedroom that says they clean rooms between 9am and 5pm, which meant that often when we returned in the early afternoon the room had not yet been cleaned. Nevertheless, they were efficient and unobtrusive. One of my few complaints with the room was that it was not particularly well sound proofed (although I am quite particular about noise levels). I never heard a thing from outside, or from the rooms either side of us, but people in the corridors could be heard as clearly as if they were in the room itself! Not that it happened regularly or was lengthy, but I was awoken twice by such noise. The air conditioning was good although, again, too loud for me, so I did turn it off during the night. We didn't use many hotel facilities, and didn't eat there. We did eat at Wolfgang Puck's Vert in the shopping complex attached which had a lovely ambience, great service and good food. One thing we did use was valet parking. It may be $29 per day, but for the convenience, speed of service and pleasant staff it was perfect for us. We also used the minibar for bottles of water, when we ran out, and they cost around $2 per bottle, which in terms of hotel minibars, isn't that bad. The hotel always seemed busy during our stay, with many conventions or events going on. There were all sorts of different people from business men, regular tourists to women in amazing evening gowns in the lobby and as such the elevators were slow and sometimes crowded. Overall, the Renaissance Hollywood is a reasonably priced hotel with good amenities in a great location for tourists. As a tourist who was meeting friends that were staying at different hotels around Hollwood, I can honestly say it was perfectly placed and of a better standard than many of the other hotels around the area. Literally a minute's walk through the HH complex and you are on Hollywood Boulevard and right by the Chinese theatre. A very pleasant stay indeed, and we'll probably be back next year!  
<Date>Aug 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>Snowangel30
<Content>Nice hotel but a bit soulless This is a very nice hotel, with great rooms with great views. The pool was very welcome in the heatwave that LA had while we were there. They are currently doing some bulding work around the pool so I don't think there is a much space as normal and there was quite a lot of noise from the building works during the day which meant that you didn't want to spend too much time in the pool. My only complaint about this hotel was that you felt like an anonymous guest. This hotel feels more like a large conference hotel than a holiday hotel.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	5	5	5	3	3	4	

<Author>Jmmm
<Content>Just Back - Nice Hotel Just back. We really liked the hotel. It was very convenient to all of the local attractions. The hotel was clean  well kept. We had a nice room and the staff was very friendly and accomodating.If you need directions, please ask. They were very helpful with that. If you want to stay in the middle of the action, this is the hotel for you. The Hollywood  Highland mall was very convenient for eating. We also had a breakfast and a dinner at the hotel resturant, Twist. Food was very good and so was theservice. If you have children with you, I highly recommend the El Capitain theater across the street from the hotel. Overall, itwas a great stay. The only downside was the traffic, it's murder.That's no reflection on the hotel of course, just something you should know. Also, I recommend checking out the Grove/Farmers Market. It's an interesting place, both high end (The Grove) and a great place to get a reasonable meal (the Farmers Market), with a lot of choices.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>bmarshall
<Content>Very good vakue I agree with the other reviews . Great location ...as LA is so big this is about as close to tourist facilities as you can get (except the beaches). Our room had a view of the Hollywood sign.Good poolAs for the comments about transport they have massive traffic problems in this city. Still the four of us found taxi travel good value  
<Date>Jul 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>laura2111
<Content>Good stay at Renaissance       Inside Hollywood and Highland complex  
<Date>Jul 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>GrantParish
<Content>Awaiting Urban Renewal Hotel - YesNeighborhood - NoWhen I walked into the lobby of the Hollywood Renaissance and looked at the curving steel staircase, the modern art, and the expanse of shiny marble, I thought it was a brand new hotel. I was not dissuaded from this view after seeing the guest rooms and meeting facilities. I was very surprised to learn that the hotel was a renovated Holiday Inn. It seemed to me that every surface had been replaced, renewed, or reworked effectively obliterating every trace of its former incarnation.My room was comfortable and attractive with all new furniture, bedding and carpet. It is a nice set up for business travelers with a large repositionable desk and comfortable desk chair. Unfortunately like many upscale hotels they charge for internet access ($9.95 per day). The bathroom was average size but had a nice marble counter and massaging showerhead. Tub, tile and all fixtures appeared to be brand new.The hotel is large - more than 600 rooms - and seems to cater to conventioneers. There are three floors of meeting rooms and most of the folks I saw around the hotel seemed to be wearing name tags. I was surprised not to see more tourists during my stay as the hotel is near the Hollywood Walk of Fame and Grumman's Chinese Theater.The attractiveness and newness of the hotel was in stark contrast to the surrounding area. As you sit in one of the Eames chairs in the sleek lobby and look out the front window, you see a run-down strip mall with a liquor store, tobacco shop and JuJu's Brand Name Fashions for Less as tenants. In fact, with the exception of the Highland/Hollywood shopping center next door, the area surrounding the hotel is primarily tacky souvenir shops and low rise apartments/residence hotels dating from the 1940s/50s.The Highland Hollywood block includes the hotel, the new Kodak Theater (home to the Academy Awards) and the attractive open-air Hollywood Highland retail/dinning complex. Unfortunately this new construction was not an impetus for any new development nearby and outside this one block, the area is very run-down. To be clear, the area is not blighted - we are not talking about abandoned buildings or broken glass - just tired, old, scruffy buildings. I did encounter homeless people sleeping on Hollywood Blvd, only a few hundred feet from the hotel. Dining options are limited. There is only one restaurant in the hotel - Twist - which is open for all meals. I had breakfast there and it was tasty but fairly expensive at $20 for the buffet or $12 for a simple quesadilla. The restaurants in the Highland/Hollywood center are primarily chains and fast food with the except of Wolfgang Puck's Vert. For a fine dining meal, you will have to travel a considerable distance.I stayed at the Hollywood Renaissance in mid-July 2007 for three nights in order to attend a business conference at the hotel. I paid $169 which was the negotiated conference rate. I thought the hotel to be a great value at this price. My interaction with the staff was minimal - check in was quick and easy, maid was pleasant, and waiter was cheerful. I was concerned that I was never notified that I had received a FedEx package. If the sender had not contacted me, prompting me to inquire with the concierge, I would have left the hotel without getting the package.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	2	4	4	2	3	

<Author>AustinTexan
<Content>In the Middle of All of the Action My wife and I, and our three children, spent two nights in the Renaissance Hollywood hotel (July 1st and 2nd). I booked the room on [--]for $279/night. We got a Club Level Rate with two double beds. Staff brought a rollaway up at our request for the fifth sleeper. The club level access allowed us to eat a hot breakfast before setting out each day, as well as, provide dinner snacks, desserts and beverages. This lounge was very nice and greatly appreciated.The room was great with a view to the south. The hotel abuts an upscale shopping venue that is right on Hollywood Blvd. and convenient to Grauman's Chinese Theatre (with the handprints of major Hollywood stars) and the wackiness of the area. We saw Live Free or Die Hard in the main theatre. This is the way movies used to be shown!The hotel was very convenient to Universal Studios. The pool area isn't the greatest but space is at a premium and my kids never complained.We enjoyed our stay and felt that I had booked the right place for my family. As with all of my bookings, I am dependent upon the TripAdvisor reviews. Thanks TripAdvisor!  
<Date>Jul 18, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ideniti
<Content>Great experience! Recieved what I asked for. Had a great stay at the Renaissance Hollywood Hotel. I was looking for a place that would provide luxury, a great view, walking distanceto restaurants, and convenience to other parts of LA with a decent price ($200ish). This hotel delivered on all counts. Though some people may find the room decor as Ikea-like, I had no problems withit and found the room/hotel to be modern without being overly loud or trendy. The room/bathroom was clean and nicely arranged and the bed comfortable. I asked for a room high up with a view if possible, and the people at the front desk were more than happy to oblige. I received a room on the 18th floor with an awesome view facing east where I can see the Hollywood sign on one side and downtown L.A. in the distant other. Check in took 10 minutes and check out even shorter. Just downstairs is the Hollywood/Highland complex that provide some entertainment/dining within walking distance. To get back into the hotel at night, they require you to swipe your room key to open the hotel doors, a nice security touch. Overall very happy with my stay. Minor quips (and this is just being nit-picky), the up button on the remote wasn't working and the bed pillows were a lil' too lumpy for my taste. Doubt I would get as much value for the money in other hotels in the area. FYI - I used a AAA discount for my rate.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>City99
<Content>Quirky hotel in the middle of Hollywood       Top of the Kodak from the room  
<Date>Jul 8, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	4	3	3	

<Author>Teamom
<Content>Won't return We stayed at the Hollywood Renaissance in June at the end of a trip down the PCH. Maybe we were just ready to go home, but we didn't really care for this hotel. Traffic was TERRIBLE getting to the hotel. We pulled into the driveway and once my husband told the valet he would self-park we were ignored. No one even offered to help me get luggage out of the trunk. The room was nice and had a great view, but every time we had an interaction with staff we got the feeling we were bothering them. It took 3 calls to get extra pillows brought up to our room. The hotel is connected to a large mall which is convenient, although we only ate there and didn't shop. The area was pretty disappointing. Overall, the hotel is modern looking and has a cool feel, but the staff were not at all welcoming or helpful. I would not stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	4	3	2	1	-1	

<Author>mole
<Content>Great Location, good hotel       hotel  
<Date>Jul 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>tinkabell22
<Content>i will stay no where else!! I was set up there by RCA during the American Idol Finale and it was amazing. When I first arrived and saw cameras everywhere I was wondering how they were going to keep the fans away! The security were so friendly and we had NOT 1 PROBLEM!!!! The room was beautiful we stayed on the 16th floor and our view of the hollywood sign was amazing! You never need to call a cab because everything is near you. You have the walk of fame, graumans, wax museum, world records museum, all the pick ups for the tours, hollywood and highland and list goes on!!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Jul 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>smgapp
<Content>Perfect hotel if attending an event at the Kodak theater We spent two nights at this hotel while we were in town to attend the Daytime Emmy awards. Prior to our stay we received an e-mail asking if we had any special requests, we asked for high floor room  a refrigerator in the room.-they gave us an 18th floor room with fridge. We took the Super shuttle from the airport at a cost of $15 per person. This hotel was a central location for all the action of the daytime emmys. Many stars were in the lobby and at the pool. We were able to go to the street and watch the stars arrive and then go back to our room,change clothes  attend the Emmys. The Kodak Theater is connected to the hotel through the outside shopping area. We picked up great snacks at the Shish kebob restaurant in the shopping area and ate them in our room. The next day we booked a tour of the Star's homes- there are two tour companies and both try to solicit your business in front of the Chinese Theater.Make sure you negotiate a price- they offered us the children's price for each adult ( a $10 per person savings with Starline tours). It was a great tour that not only covered the star's homes but also gave us a bit of time to walk around Rodeo Dr. and we got a good overall tour of the Hollywood area with scenic photo stops. The hotel has refreshing fruited ice water in the lobby- it was so good on a hot day. We would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Beachbabe31
<Content>Great location!!!! Stayed here for 4 nights at the beginning of June. Very easy to reach from the freeway. We had requested an early check in, but when we arrived at 15.00hrs our room was not ready. They offered to look after our luggage while we had a wander around. Area around feels a bit scruffy, not quite what you think Hollywood would be like. We went through to the Hollywood/Highland complex which is connected to the hotel, plenty of shops and restaurants to choose from. Graumans Chinese Theatre is also just outside and luckily for us, it was the premier of Oceans 13, so we waited around and got to see Brad Pitt, George Clooney, Al Pacino, Matt Damon, Angelina Jolie and Andy Garcia. They seem to have lots of premiers there as they had another two nights later, so excellent place to see some stars. Finally checked in around 7.30pm, room had city view, wonderful to look at in the evening. Room was very clean, a bit smaller than we had previously stayed in but had everything we needed. Nice restaurant for buffet breakfast and the children loved the fourth floor swimming pool, although while we were there they did close both the pool and the restaurant for private functions a couple of times. Universal Studios is one stop away on the Metro, which is underneath the Hollywood/Highland complex. Also there is a cinema El Capitan right across the road which only shows one film at a time, several showings a day, we saw Pirates of the Carribean and downstairs they have the props and costumes to go  look at afterwards. It's a bit pricey but worth a visit. We took a star house tour with Starline, good fun, get to seem some interesting sites and homes. Visited Santa Monica pier and beach which is only eight miles away, unfortunately we got caught in rush hour coming back  took two hours to drive to 8 mile return trip, so beware of travel times. Overall we had a great stay and would highly recommend the hotel.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Senor_Schmutzig
<Content>Great location, great views We're in the midst of a six night stay at the Renaissance Hollywood and couldn't be happier. Originally, we had reservations for three nights here and 3 nights at another location but after the first night, we decided that the location of this hotel couldn't be beat. As mentioned by previous posters, the hotel connects to the Kodak Theater and Grauman's Chinese Theaters as well as the Hollywood and Highland shopping/entertainment complex. Considering the length of our stay, having the convenience of a Starbucks and multiple other restaurants allows for us to make quick restaurant runs after long days out and about. We got two joined rooms on the 14th floor with a view of the Hollywood sign and downtown L.A. Our 3-year old son liked looking out of the windows and seeing the variety of characters (literally) making their way over to Hollywood Boulevard. Apparently they park in the parking lot across the street and walk the two blocks to work. We saw Spiderman, Charlie Chaplin, Elmo and a few others make their way over to entertain the crowds in front of Grauman's Chinese Theater. The service has been excellent and responsive. We called for more wash clothes and towels on two occasions and within 10 minutes, there was a knock on the door with delivery. The pool is heated and also has a nice view of the Hollywood sign. They are currently increasing the size of their spa and part of the pool deck is blocked off, but this didn't hinder things in any way.  
<Date>May 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>atllocal
<Content>Good stay... but iffy Concierge I just returned from a night at the Renaissance Hollywood Hotel - overall a great experience. Good location and not far off the 101. I did find the Concierge here to be... uh... a bit of a novice. I asked for some recommendations for nearby sushi or fushion food - he rattled off 2 places and then sighed... I then chose one and he then said... okay. I then asked if the place requires a reservation and he said yes. I had to then ask him if he could make one for me. He then called the restaurant. Then I had to also ask him for directions. It was as if he had no idea what a concierge is supposed to do. Oh well - I lived. Just don't expect the best ideas/service from the Concierge.  
<Date>May 30, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	3	2	4	

<Author>mini
<Content>Great location; wonderful for 2nd time and getting better! We stayed at the Renaissance Hollywood for the 3 day Memorial Day weekend; we had last stayed there in November. The place is getting better. They are putting in a new spa; the service is very good; and the pricing we received for a king size executive suite was an excellent price. We had a great view of Yamshiro (looked like we were in Japan) and also of the Hollywood sign; the combo made Hollywood so wonderful. We continue to be very happy with the excellent location of the hotel; great for visitors who have only a couple of days to see all the sights in Hollywood. We enjoyed being able to walk out to Hollywood and Highland Mall; taking the shuttle ($) to Griffith Observatory; the short walk to the Graumanns Manns Chinese Theater. Its easy to see the Walk of Fame and perfect to go to an event at Kodak Theater (note: if Hollywood Bowl is happening, good location for that too.). We were happy to find it a short drive to Melrose Avenue where there are several wonderful restaurants. The baths are larger size compared to other LA hotels; the room was quite large and very comfortable. The executive king we stayed in came with 2 large very comfortable king size beds - this place would be wonderful for a family stay. All in all, Renaissance continues to be a great place to stay.  
<Date>May 30, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Willsons
<Content>Great location Lovely hotel room nice, clean and spacious ask for a room on a high floor to ensure you get the best views of the hollywood sign. Check in was really quick, concierge not that great told us our taxi to Universal would be $5 turned out to be $15, no big deal, but was not really sure of what was going on where the shopping mall was or how to get there by bus....but she was not the usual concierge perhaps she was on lunch?One thing was the journey from the airport we got in our taxi at 5PM, not ideal... rush hour and fare was almost $90 with a tip, I would strongly suggest you get the shuttle. Cannot comment on the hotel food as there was too many options outside so we did not eat in!  
<Date>May 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>Ozzie_Sue
<Content>What a change! We previously stayed at this hotel when it was the Holiday Inn 10 years ago - and when they say it has been revamped they aren't kidding! It is barely recognisable (a good thing!).. Very modern, very spacious, just a really good feel to it. The staff were very helpful too - our guy who brought up the bags insisted on getting us ice as we were a bit jet lagged  I'd lost my voice. (small things make a big difference). Hollywood itself is still what it is - quite tacky, but if you go there to see the sights, you know what to expect. We wanted a base to drive around  do the tacky star homes tours - this was perfect for that (you literally walk out of the lifts into the back of the Hollywood  Highland shopping centre beside the Kodak theatre into Manns Chinese theatre without even going on the street - to pick up the tours etc.A hint- I received an email the week I was to check in from the hotel asking if I had any special requests - I asked for early check-in and a refridgerator (very uncommon in U.S hotels)..The fridge was great. We got take out both nights, some wine  drinks etc.. No need to touch the super expensive drinks fridge already in the room!The only negative is the price of the valet parking - it was about $30 for 24 hrs.. you can pay about $13 for 24hrs to self park in the same carpark - but if you leave, you pay on re-entry, so if you're doing a bit of touristing and driving around - the valet is the best option.  
<Date>May 28, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	3	5	5	

<Author>kliz15
<Content>Ikea anyone? I love the renaissance parc55 in San Francisco, so I anxiously booked get away weekend in LA. We reserved the largest suite and traveled 30 miles North to the high rated Renaissance Hollywood hotel. What a bust. The lobby was gorgeous, check in was seamless but when we walked in the room...we were disgusted. 2 positive things...the view of the hollywood hills was goregous and the room was huge. But it stops there. The bed was so old, that when my husband sat down next to me, i rolled into him. The bedding was very 80's, the sofa and chairs were Ikea quality. It was bizzare. There was tons of floor space but the design was so poorly laid out and full of wasted space. We turned on the cheesy tube tv ...took one look at each other and walked out. They courtously refunded our money with no charge and we drove back to the OC and saved our money for our next trip to the Signature Hotel at MGM in Vegas. Now that's a hotel!!!  
<Date>May 19, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Travel Richly
<Content>True 4-star service, rooms, and facilites The Renaissance Hollywood Hotel is exactly what you'd expect from a Marriott-managed 4-star property -- comfortable rooms, friendly service and good facilities.Rooms are totally functional -- very comfortable beds, nominal internet charge ($9.95), a mini-bar (careful of the automated charges), floor to ceiling windows, good TV channel choices, etc.Everyone from the front desk to housekeeping are exceptionally friendly and eager to please.The fitness center is clean, bright and well-equipped.The mall next door is easily accessed direct from the hotel's 3rd floor and offers a great choice of restaurants and shopping.If you want to be in the heart of Hollywood, it would be hard to beat this hotel for choice.  
<Date>May 16, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>sureLondon
<Content>Excellent notel It was really hard choosing a place in LA since it is so spread out and I had limited time. This hotel was amazing and I will go back on a next visit. The decor is modern and new. Rooms are excellent, airy, bright and clean. I had full views of the Hollwood sign. The staff are very friendly. The bar and the Twist resturant are excellent. Location amazing. Can spend hours at the Kodak theatre/Graumman theatre antics on the street. The shopping centre attached has great food. Johhny rocks there has the best burgers ever. Also, the tour buses leave from the Chinese theatre- very convenient. Must do the Star homes/city/universal studio combo tour for $100- worth every cent. The only annoying part of the trip was the awful low life taxi drivers that were always a problem to deal with.If in LA- this is one of the best hotels to stay if you have a short time and want to see the most.  
<Date>May 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LondonEngland
<Content>A Great Stay We stayed in this hotel from 9th - 14th April $199 per night it was an excellent experience in the heart of Hollywood. As we are from London and extremely used to walking everywhere we under estimated just how far apart all of the sights are. Just outside/attached to the hotel you have the walk of fame/graumans chinese theatre and you can see the hollywood sign but all of those sights take 2 hours to do in total then everthing else is a long way away we walked 10 miles one day. The taxis are stupidly expensive so after spending $90 on the first day we decided to take the buses!! You get a day buspass for $3 from the driver and can go all over the city they are clean and frequent every bus that we travelled on had a map and I found the drivers and and people friendly no problem even when we travelled at night. Universal Studios is only 1 stop by metro from this hotel but other than that the metro is pretty useless for tourist sights which is a shame I was expecting more. This hotel is very nicely done free water and room service and cleaning you could not complain about I would recomend as a foreign visitor not to expect to change money in the hotel they only allow you to change $100 a day and in a place like this money is spent fast so bring plenty. Outside the shopping centre there is a starline tour booth we did the stars home tour with beverly hills as we were deciding to do the tour the price dropped by $10 each so I recommend hesitating and seeing how much they are willing to take off. One more recommendation is Mels diner across the road turn away from the roosevelt and its your 1st right great food and not over priced unlike most places. I can not compain at all about this hotel but If I was to go again I would definantly stay in Santa Monica and travel into the sights by bus or car it is a lot cleaner safer and the restaurants are nicer too. Everywhere has somewhere to park in Los angeles/Hollywood/beverly hills so stay by the beach.  
<Date>May 11, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>JD17
<Content>Great Stay at the Renaissance. This is definetly one of the nicer, cleaner, and more happening hotels/areas in Hollywood. To begin, the Renaissance is definetly a great place to stay as it is situated within walking distance to all the Hollywood sites such as the Kodak Theater, Grauman's Chinese Theater, Walk-of-Fame, etc. The hotel is connected to the these sites as it is a part of the Hollywood  Highland Complex. Shopping and Dining are also available within the complex. Compared to other areas of Hollywood (very close to the Renaissance) it is one of the nicer and cleaner areas. The neighbouring streets can be a little scary to walk through at night, I was with a group of guys and it was still a little intimidating. The complex itself was very safe, and had security on duty 24/7. The hotel room was a good size and came with 2 queen beds, which were amazing to sleep on. Ask for a room on a high floor for a view of the city and the Hollywood Sign. The staff were very friendly and courteous as well. The Renaissance is pretty centrally loacted within L.A. and is within a 20 mintue drive to all of the sites. The Beverly Shopping center, a major mall, is about a 15 drive from the hotel, and Rodeo Drive, which I highly recomend a visit to, is about 20 minutes from the Renaissance. If you decide to do a holiday in L.A. definetly visit Santa Monica Beach/Mailbu/Laguna/and Beverley Hills. I would also highly recomend a car rental to take you to these areas as the taxis are expensive. You can do self-underground parking for $10 a day. Before I end the review, I would HIGHLY recomend a drive up the coast of California. Our group decided to fly into LAX and fly out of San Fransisco (about 10 hours driving distance from each other) but the drive was WORTH IT!!! Amazing views of the mountains and ocean. Absolutley beautiful. IT IS A MUST! Overall, if I ever returned to L.A., I would be happy to stay at the Renaissance again. The location, quality, and staff are unbeatable.  
<Date>May 9, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>JSF.IN.UK
<Content>A very bad experience at this hotel To start with, the hotel didn鈥檛 have the 3-day romance package reservation for my wife and I. We were on honeymoon. We had booked online with Expedia.com and had no problem with the other 3 hotels, flights to and from USA and the car rental sections of the itinerary. Having given a copy of our booking reference to the front desk we were allowed to check in and went straight to the pool. It was horrible 鈥?towels, half empty drink glasses and food left everywhere 鈥?no one was maintaining the pool area. I asked for a pina colada at the poll bar and the barman just laughed and said he could not make one 鈥?didn鈥檛 know how. He also had to write out a check for me to sign so I could charge the drinks to the room. There was no noticeable hotel security, no room key needed to get to the pool and most of the people by the pool seemed to live locally and were not hotel guests. The next day we returned to our room at 6pm and it had not been serviced. I called housekeeping. When we returned to our room the bathroom was not cleaned, coffee not replaced and a heap of old sheets had been left in the room. An hour later there was a bang on the door and a voice yelling 鈥淲hat time are you leaving!鈥?I explained that we were booked in for 3 days. Later that evening we had a drink in the hotel lobby bar which closed at 11pm, even though there were many hotel guests still drinking. The following day being a Monday, major construction work around the pool level re-started early morning 鈥?the loud drilling noise made it impossible to sit by the pool. On checking out, the cost of breakfast (which at best was average) had been added to our account each day in error 鈥?it鈥檚 an inclusive deal as part of the romance package. Isn鈥檛 it strange how errors on the hotel account are always in the hotels favour? Overall the only advantage of this hotel is the location which is ideal for the Kodak and Grauman鈥檚 theaters and the Hollywood Walk of Fame. If you stay at this hotel, I hope you have a more enjoyable stay than we did.  
<Date>May 8, 2007
<Rating>1	1	3	4	2	2	1	-1	

<Author>draig_cymru
<Content>Excellent rooms, v. easy access of US 101 The Rennaisance was an excellent hotel for the price. The room (a twin double) was large, and easily accommodated four of us. The decor was fairly stylish and the windows were floor to ceiling and we were lucky enough to get a 17th floor room from which we could see the Hollywood sign, Capitol records tower and the L.A business district skyline. A selling point for us was the fact that as Brits we were driving on the wrong side of the road and didn't want to do too much driving in the hustle and bustle of L.A. This hotel was 1/4 mile off US 101 (which were travelling on from the North) and was really easy to access. Valet parking was reasonable, worked out as 拢15 per night - but where else are you going to park?!Great shopping centre attached to the hotel, and the Manns Chinese Theatre and Kodak theatre make up part of the complex.The area itself isn't as glamorous as you'd imagine (considering it's where the Oscars are held) but it's just one of the places you must see if you're on a driving holiday of the Western USA. Be sure to check out the small eatery/deli in the Highland shopping centre owned by Ken Davitian (Azamat Bagatov in Borat).We got a taxi from the Renaissance to Universal Studios - BE AWARE- the taxis (not affiliated with the hotel) that park up outside the lobby are expensive: were charged $30 (inc tip) to go the 3 or 4 miles to Universal. We got a far more honest taxi driver on the way back which was $16.  
<Date>May 6, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	3	3	3	

<Author>ladycascadia
<Content>Trendy, but not quite my cup of tea         
<Date>Apr 27, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	4	2	5	4	4	

<Author>Tynkility
<Content>Expensive, large, self-contained and busy! Things to like - This is a beautiful property. It's right in the heart of hollywood: Chinese theatre, walk of stars, theatres, clubs, etc. It's connected to the Highlands, basically an outdoor mall with many shops and restaurants. You can actually go to Grauman's to catch a movie, because the hotel exits into the courtyard of the complex on several levels. This is a Marriott property, so the beds are great, the rooms spacious (including the bathroom), the service is good and it's clean top to bottom. There are a couple of restaurant/bars in the hotel itself, and the scene is pretty good. Being a large hotel, there are constantly taxis available and the valets are pretty quick retrieving the cars. Rooms facing east have a view of the Hollywood Hills/Sign. It's also about 5-10min from Universal CityThings not so crazy about - Though this is a higher end Marriott property, in my opinion it is way overpriced. You're basically paying for a safe above-average place, in a prime location. I received a group discount of $100, and the price was $189. So basically the rack rate is $290. I compare this to the Hilton I stayed at in the middle of TimesSquare, which was $250. If the room included a fridge, microwave and free internet, I might be less inclined to think such, but there was only an honor bar and internet was $.30@minute - 3 minute minimum. Valet is $29@night. There are 6 elevators which seem to be in use constantly, so I found a little annoying that there was no stair option. I was only on the fourth floor, but all of the stairways were emergency exit only. I didn't see very many children or families - though I was in panels most of the day - I think it's an ideal property for couples. Overall, if you can afford it, and want to be in the thick of hollywood, I recommend this hotel. But there are less expensive alternatives nearby. One tip though, if you're leaving the hotel and heading west, get a map to get familiar with the streets, and AVOID Hollywood Blvd for a few blocks (unless that's your destination, in which case you should just walk from the hotel).  
<Date>Apr 26, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	5	4	3	4	3	

<Author>oztraveller7
<Content>stay here! Visited Hollywood for a 2 night stay in April. Upon arrival, checking in was flawless and fast. I had a great room (room number 2019) on the top (20th) floor, with a view of the Hollywood sign (as requested). The location is unparalleled for tourists - the Hollywood Walk of Fame is practically right outside. There is a metro station in the shopping complex next door, perfect for exploring downtown.The staff were mostly very friendly and helpful. One minor complaint was that staff in Twist weren't very attentive, but tthe breakfast was delicious (and lots of it) - the eggs benedict with smoked salmon comes recommended.In my opinion, the area was fine (not as seedy as some previous reviewers made out) - certainly no problem to go wandering around after dark, alone, on a Saturday night. For an experience that is different and fun, try a walking tour, given by Red Line tours. They really do great schtick and you learn so much about the history of the area. And you don't have to walk too far!  
<Date>Apr 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>moondust7
<Content>Fun Hollywood hotel The Renaissance Hollywood Hotel is an excellent place to stay. I was there for 4 nights last week. It is not a sparkling new hotel, but is very clean  comfortable and the art-deco touches are nice. The service was top notch. My only real gripe would be the price of valet parking ($29) - don't do it! Just park in the parking garage attached to the hotel - it's only $10. That's where the valets take your car anyways. The Hollywood  Highland complex at the hotel was great to walk around - it was nice to be so close to places to eat and shop. And it's great that it's an outdoor complex b/c you can walk around and enjoy the weather. Even more fun is the fact that you are right outside the Hollywood Walk of Fame. The best feature of the hotel for me though was all of the history associated with it - I have a couple friends who live in LA who filled me in on several events throughout the year that take place there (events for the Oscars, Grammy's etc.). I had room service for breakfast 2 mornings - the lemon souffle pancakes and the cinnamon roll french toast were tastey. The prices were what you would usually pay for room service - about $15 total. There is a French crepe eatery in the Highland complex that my friends and I went to the other 2 mornings, and that was great. Overall, I'd definitely recommend this hotel. It's expensive, but any nice hotel in LA is going to be pricey.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>MikeJCartwright
<Content>Great Hotel Renaissance Hollywood Hotel 14 t0 17 FebruaryA large hotel in central Hollywood. There is only one restaurant but the hotel is close to the Hollywood and Highland complex with a choice of restaurants Italian, American, Japanese and sort of French. Large well equipped bedrooms. Twin room means two double beds. Staff were friendly and helpful.The situation is walking distance to tacky, tourist Hollywood Bvd. Taxis are required for down town and the business district. Must see Getty Centre and the Grove shopping road. A limo tour of Beverley Hills, Bbelaire and Rodeo Drive starts from Hollywood Bvd. Tip choose a floor above the tenth floor for great views. Hotel breakfast buffet was good value and American.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	2	5	4	4	3	

<Author>Robjoy
<Content>Perfect location We travelled to L A by Greyhound bus from Las Vegas,and stayed at the Renaissance in Hollywood.The room was not ready when we arrived at 4.30pm and were told it would be at least 2 hours before one would be ready.So we went for a walk round and a bite to eat before returning and being presented with our room key.The room was very nice with all the usual facillities and very clean too.It was also nice and quiet too.The hotel staff were nice and friendly and the concierge was particularly helpful.The location is superb with all the famous sites on the doorstep.There are a lot of street performers out on Hollywood Blvd always out to make a few dollars from the tourists and also a lot of homeless people begging but they dont cause you any trouble.There are some excellent tours to choose from,but make sure you do one of the tours of the movie stars homes,its very good.When you come out of the hotel front door and turn right there is an excellent little chinese restaurant just down on the left.Not quick service,and be prepared for a wait if its busy but the food is superb and very reasonable in price.We would stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>BeachBumms419
<Content>Fantastic Hotel and location! I picked this Hotel from reading the reviews on Trip Advisor since it had been so long since we had been to Hollywood I was not sure.The Hotel is newer and very clean,the people that work there are so very nice and very helpful the view from our room was great! Nice view of the City and the Hollywood sign! I was concerned about parking as we have a very nice vehicle and my Husband is not crazy about Valet's as they are not usually very careful. The thing about this Hotel is it is hooked to a great ,secure parking garage that is only $10 a day they Valet in the same garage for $29 a day but we chose to self park and it was great, lots of stalls and nice sized for those who are paticular with your vehicle!The restaurant in the Hotel is great food and very reasonable, Lily the waitress was a great start to every day. The rooms are nicely equipped with all the necessities, room service was great too! I really can not find one negative thing to say about this place. You can walk to so many things if you choose too, we took a cab to a few so we did not even have to fight the traffic. You are right next to some very major attractions and we saw a movie at the El Capitan Theater that in itself was exciting! We plan to come back very soon as the 4 nights we stayed was not nearly enough!Oh yeah, Mel's Diner is a must try and just across the street!Oh yeah, the beds were very comfy and the shower head was a nice plus also! The mini bar IS not over priced and they give you great coffee for every morning! Stay there and you will not be disappointed!  
<Date>Mar 15, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KIDSMOM95
<Content>Nice hotel, crummy area My family and I stayed here from March 9-12, 2007. It is a very nice hotel, although I found the whole Hollywood and Highland complex a bit confusing. I was impressed with the virtual concierge email I got prior to our arrival. We were able to order extra feather pillows, extra towels and a mini fridge in advance, at no extra cost. The actual front desk staff were a tad less helpful, although a quick call to the night manager proved very effective and he was very helpful. We all found the rooftop pool very nice, especially the cabanas!We did not try the restaurant, but the adjascent shopping and dining complex had lots of options, although most are high-end. The funniest thing we saw was that there is a small restaurant that specializes in French Dip sandwiches, (I think it's called The Dip) and it is owned by the guy who played Borat's manager in the movie...anyhow there is a very funny autographed poster of Borat in the front window.Beware, the Valet parking is $30 a day but you can self park for $10. The surrounding area is still pretty seedy but there are lots of tourist attractions like the wax museum, the Chinese theatre. If you are into Old Hollywood then this is a good place to stay. My kids, however, found all that stuff a little boring. Next time I would probably stay in West Hollywood or Beverly Hills or Santa Monica, but everyone should see this place at least once. Another bit of trivia about this hotel is that it is where the stars stay for the Oscars, they close off the whole city block for two weeks during Oscar time.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jpl88
<Content>Nice property, rooms, views and location (even for pedestrians!)            
<Date>Mar 12, 2007
<Rating>5	3	4	5	4	4	3	3	

<Author>AlexNyNy
<Content>Wonderful Marriott This is a great vacation location with the nicest staff I have encountered in years of staying at Marriott hotels. The staff actually enjoys being helpful and has a policy called Delighted to serve you where they respond with friendly good attitude service to all requests (valet parking, room service and front desk included). The in room food was a cut above regular fare. They have a signature dish for breakfast - lemon souffle pancakes with raspberries and pine nuts - that is truly special. As far as the location is concerned - it is less than one block from the Walk of Fame and the Kodak Theatre. Be wary of the night crowd on this famed walk, however, we found it to be chock full of prowling aggressive characters who really will mug you if you let your guard down - one woman wanted to get my purse - and she looked wholesome and clean enough at first sight but was way too interested in my bag. Be alert and maybe skip the after dark action at Hollywood and Vine.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>orp
<Content>Location, location, location       Hollywood sign seen from hotel  
<Date>Feb 21, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MiamiMom-7
<Content>Loved This Hotel! Just got back from spending one week in LA moving our son into his new life as an aspiring movie director. I chose this hotel because of its proximity to the Hollywood sights and also its reputation. We were never disappointed. The staff is extremely polite and go out of their way to please you. We became friends with the different valets and head doorman. He would offer better routes to take on freeways, etc. The lobby is beautiful, the rooms are extremely clean and very comfortable. I can't understand some people's complaints here about the linens, bedding, etc. I found them to be heavenly, the linens felt fresh, the feather pillows were perfect as was the cushy mattress cover. The comforter was equally plump. Room service was quick, we had breakfast in daily. The prices are ridiculous, but we were too lazy to get dressed and go downstairs. The adjoining mall is fun and full of great shops and restaurants. We enjoyed having a late night crepe and french coffee press at the French Crepe place. There is something here for everyone. It was so convenient to be right in the heart of the Hollywood Boulevard. Just go downstairs and take a walk on the walk of fame, or check out the street performers in front of Grauman's Chinese theater. Sure the area is seedy and run down. But there is so much history here, just soak it up and enjoy.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>TravelSchmavel
<Content>Pleasurable Experience       Pool with a view  
<Date>Jan 2, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>swelch
<Content>Fine hotel in the heart of Hollywood This is a very nice hotel - suitable for vacationers and business travelers alike.The hotel is located in the heart of Hollywood - connected to a large mall which contains the Kodak theater where the Oscar awards are held each year. It's also steps away from the Hollywood Walk of Fame. Hotel has a modern feel, with a lrage lounge area in the lobby. Rooms are well appointed with modern decor and nice bathrooms. I must say the hotel did feel a bit soul-less. If charater is what you want, it feels very chain and you'd probably be better off in a more classic Hollywood hotel like the Roosevelt or the Chateau Marmont, but they have nice rooms, good service and fairly reasonable prices, so all in all a good choice.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Trekman
<Content>Hotel OK, but surrounding area disappointing Stayed at the Renaissance Hollywood from Dec. 1-5. The hotel is a long way from LAX and will run you around a $50 taxi fare. Check in was quick and efficient. Was assigned room 623 which was much smaller than the pictures on the property web site, but still very nice and clean. View was of the Hollywood hills with some of the interesting homes perched on the cliffs. Also in view was the back alley with various homeless rummaging through dumpsters, drug deals going down, and ladies of the night parading back and forth. Ordered room service several times and while service was quick, the quality was lacking. One evening ordered a filet from their upscale Twist room service menu and what was delivered turned out to be what I would call two small minute steaks, definitely not a filet. The near area around the hotel certainly doesn't live up the the glamor image of Hollywood that is often portrayed. The attached mall is strangely designed and difficult to find your way around in. The area in front of the Chinese theatre is jammed with tourists and people hawking tours. Walk outside this area in any direction and you will encounter boarded up shops, cracked sidewalks, cheap souvenier stands, and numerous homeless folks. Of course, this is not the hotel's fault, but rhe area definitely detracts from the otherwise fine features of this hotel property.  
<Date>Dec 17, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	2	5	4	4	4	

<Author>mktozd
<Content>Hollywood Style at its Finest - Excellent Location, Service  Excellent hotel, The Renaissance Hollywood Hotel is one of the hotest hotels in LA and captures Hollywood style at its finest. The hotel is right in the center of the Hollywood and Highland Complex. If you want to see Hollywood, this is THE place to stay. Indeed, it is the hotel where stars stay before and after the Oscars, movie premiers and the like. Indeed, we learned that the Governor's Ball for the Oscars is held at the Renaissance. OK, so on to our review. We checked in late after being caught in traffic and were able to have the car valeted very easyily and were warmly greeted at the desk. The lobby is a popular spot where the everyone feels comfortable and you might see a star or three. The desk clerk was genuinely welcoming and made us feel at ease and relaxed after our long commute. Our room (on the 19th floor) had a commanding view of LA and out to the Pacific. We could also see the roof of the Kodak Theater (reccomend the tour) and Grahmann's (highly recommend the tour), the Disney Store (also recommend). The room was modern and very comfortable. There are plenty of dining options in the area, and we really enjoyed Mel's Dinner (right down highland). If you are not familiar with the institution, it was featured in American Grafitti and many other movies. Good food, good service and the like. The rest of our stay at the Renaissance was wonderful and it was a great place to come back from sightseeing of just to hang out. I stay at dozens of hotels every year and this one is one of the best run that I have seen in a while. Rooms are hard to come by at this property for good reason. We had the chance to stay at the Four Seasons Beverly Hills are are glad that we stayed here. If you want to experience LA and Hollywood, you must stay at the the Renaissance Hollywood Hotel!  
<Date>Dec 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Debbiem25
<Content>One square block...... We arrived after a long flight from the UK really needing a bath - unfortunately, the baths in this hotel are little more than large shower trays. I was quite pleased with the smell of bleach in the bathroom and it was very clean. It wasn't until I stepped into the shower and fell heavily that I realised - the bleach was all in the bottom of the bath!Not really a good start but it did get better. The check in staff were pleasant and polite, there seems to be a constant police presence around the hotel, which makes you feel a bit safer as one block away in any direction is a bit dodgy - battling hobos and pickpockets. Stay around the hotel and the mall and take a cab if you want to travel at night.The rooms are huge, we had a vew of the hills and Hollywood sign. The beds are very comfortable and the air con works a treat!The hotel is connected to the Kodak Theatre where the Oscars are held. You will get an 'Elephant card' on arrival which entitles you to discounts at certain places in the Mall - I recommend taking the 2 for 1 theatre tour, it's worth the $15. Also, go and see a film at Graumans.We stayed on a 'Romance Package' which entitles you to free buffet breakfast and a chilled bottle of champagne on arrival - the breakfast is excellent. The chef will make omlettes and pancakes to order and the bacon and maple syrup is fab, as is the fresh fruit salad. The staff are attentive and remove plates and cutlery almost by magic, replacing them with new! The 'champagne' was a different matter - you have to call reception and they bring it up. It's not champagne, its very bad Spanish Cava. It's undrinkable, one sip burns all the way down. We went with friends and tipped their bottle away after all agreeing it was rubbish - we carried ours to the next hotel and gave it to a hobo in Beverly Hills on Thanksgiving - we only hope he traded it and didn't drink it!On the whole, a nice hotel, excellent position to do the Hollywood thing - 15 mins cab ride from Universal Studios and a 10 minute walk from the Hollywood Bowl. We would stay there again.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	4	5	3	

<Author>blossom
<Content>A little overrated, a little overpriced The Renaissance may be the best option in Hollywood, because of its good location, but it isn't really a luxury hotel, just a pretty good Marriott. On the late Saturday afternoon when we checked in, there were lots of leftover room service trays in the hallway, and when we opened the door to our room, we smelled old, stinky, stale air. I went to the windows to throw them open for fresh air, but the windows don't open. We stayed in an executive room and spent about $300 for the room. It was a spacious room with a good sized bathroom, much bigger than the regular room we looked at. The room was pretty clean, but for a newer hotel, it showed some wear, especially the carpet. I don't want to be overly critical, because it's in a great location, lot of places within walking distance and close to the subway, and it is fine, it's just that the tripadvisor reviews make it sound so wonderful when really it's an average, fairly comfortable 31/2 star hotel, and for $300 a night, it should be at least that.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	3	2	-1	

<Author>Caro_Z
<Content>Wonderful experience We went to Renaissance for a business trip. Great service, great view - we actually had a room on the 19th floor. The Club Level VIP lounge was perfection - enjoying some wine and cheese while looking at the hollywood homes was quite an experience. The hotel was well decorated, we loved the contemporary pieces throughout the lobby. The bedroom was great, the radio was turned on when we arrived, we felt like dancing while enjoying the view for the first time. Location, location, location - great shops, cute restaurants, a lot of extravagant people. Could we have asked for more ? I don't think so.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Travel100
<Content>Great Location We stayed at this hotel for 6 nights as the first part of a road trip around southern California last September. The drive from LAX to the hotel was interesting to say the least. It was my first time in LA (although not the States) and I couldn鈥檛 get over the time it takes to get anywhere by car. The hotel is in one of the best locations in LA if you want to be based around Hollywood. The hotel is part of a huge complex, which includes a shopping mall and restaurants and opens right out onto the Hollywood Boulevard. One exit actually takes you down onto the Chinese Theatre forecourt where you鈥檒l find sight seeing trips and film stars handprints in concrete. There are also countless impersonators hoping for you to have your picture taken with them for a few bucks. One evening we listened to a Nirvana tribute band playing on the boulevard. Whoever they were they kept us entertained for half an hour with a good rendition of Seattle鈥檚 finest. All this is within 5 minutes walk from the hotel reception. The hotel itself is nothing special but it is a nice modern well-run hotel with comfortable rooms and a great pool area. The only criticism I would make is that the internal design seems a little bland, especially in the lobby bar area. But hey it鈥檚 no big deal.The hotel is also about 5 minutes drive from one of the freeways, which means it鈥檚 easy to get out to the sights of LA even if it takes a while to get there.We had a room looking out the side of the Hotel directly onto the hills and the Hollywood sign 鈥?fabulous!PS 鈥?If you want reasonably priced food you can鈥檛 do better than the Hollywood Grill in the Mall attached to the Hotel 鈥?try the meatloaf.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>E&JJJ
<Content>re views! The views from high floors at this hotel make up for its rather high price!The bedrooms are airy, roomy and beautifully decorated. The beds are comfortable and bathrooms have plenty of very pleasant smelling bath products etc. The concierge was very helpful with our excursions to Universal Studios and the tour to see the stars' homes The reception staff were friendly and efficient. Thought the car parking was too expensive and did not like the lay -out of the car park, but at least there were plenty of spaces. This is a very busy area and if you have a car the roads are jammed especially if you need a left turn along the Walk of Fame. There is plenty to do where the hotel is situated , however. We were lucky to have two rooms, one on either side of the hotel so saw both views. Always try to get a high room., the elevators are good.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>juviall
<Content>at this price service could be better! When you're paying almost $200 a night to stay in a hotel, you expect it to be clean, quiet, and well-appointed, which this hotel is. Our quibble has to do with the service. On Saturday night, we couldn't sleep for the noise of a very loud party. We called the front desk twice and were told security would look into it. After 45 minutes my husband went down a floor and discovered a party in the restaurant with more than 200 people in attendance and a very loud sound system. The front desk eventually moved us to another floor, but why did we have to ask three times? Second example. We got up at 5 a.m. to catch the shuttle the day of our departure. We arrived ten minutes early and sat down on the bench outside, enjoying the sunshine. The shuttle sailed right by us. I leapt up and ran over to two car jockeys who were standing around talking (not much action that time of the morning). I asked them to call the shuttle back -- one advised me they don't do shuttles only cars. The other told me it wasn't his fault I'd overslept. Again, we persisted, found a staff member who called the shuttle and it returned to pick us up. But again, at this price, the service could be better.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	2	2	4	

<Author>norfolk3
<Content>Hoped for best and got it! we chose this hotel for our all-important family holiday after spending many hours on this website. What a pay-back! after six days of touring LA and area, seeing and thinking about other locations, we were convinced we couldn't have done better. We toured everyday in the car, except for the one stop subway trip to Universal which was a bonus of staying here. It was always a pleasure to come back to the hotel. which was fresh and new and welcoming. So handy to walk just outside the door, restaurants, entertainment and all that Hollywood offered in a safe and clean setting around the Hollywood/highland Centre. Since this was important to us, should mention the the centre itself is quite up-market as far as the shops are concerned. We ate on a budget at Johnny Rockets which was fun another night had an excellent treat at the Steak House which wasn't too bad at 120 dollars for three with wine. We saw two premieres being set up and a new star being placed on the walk of fame Can't imagine you'd get anything like this outside another hotel. Our room was huge and modern, had an unbelievable view. Bathroom well designed and spotless. Parking was easy at 10usd a day. We used the Club room(extra 30 dollars a day for 3of us) which, as has been said before, was convenient and just worth it. (especiially as we stocked up and small sodas to take out for the day trips!! Only used pool once and we were the only ones in it, but it was lovely. We consider ourselves lucky to have made this choice for a perfect base to tour LA  
<Date>Nov 5, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>skinnedknee
<Content>pricey perfection       room at renaissance  
<Date>Nov 5, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Napoleon_Ultra
<Content>Best Hotel I've Stayed In       Hotel  
<Date>Oct 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	4	5	

<Author>Hairloos30
<Content>Great Location The location of this hotel is excellent if you want to look round Hollywood and this has to one of the main features of the hotel. Check in was fine - a little business like but then it is full of business people/conference facilities. Not sure what people expect from a check in but after a 10 hour flight you just want efficiency.Room was nice - we were on the club level which was nice - had a good view of the Hollywood sign but to be honest as soon as you walk out of the hotel you can see that. The room was clean and had everything we needed/wanted (no turn down though).As for the club level - you get breakfast which was ok and hot snacks in the evening. As far as I was aware there was no alcohol available and if it was then it was not obvious. Fruit and cold drinks available throughout the day. I would say it is worth it - just but only just.Gripes of our stay:- I had asked for a fridge in our room and also a bottle of champagne to be delivered after we arrived (I received an e-mail before we arrived asking if we wanted anything upon arrival). After 2 hours neither had arrived so I called and was told that I had to request them when I checked in as they wouldn't know when I would arrive (except at the point that I checked in surely!!!!!!!!!!!!) Rubbish answer to a simple request.I called the bell boy to help with luggage but there was no reply but by the time we got to the ground floor and fell out of the lift weighed down with 6 bags we were asked if we wanted any help. That would be the help for the remaining 10 yards that didn't answer the phone and also wasn't around as I walked from my room to the lift and down.Bar was nice in the eveningbut didn't try the restaurant, gym small but well equiped and swimming pool is clean and with a great view.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	3	2	1	

<Author>lilone
<Content>Just ok Me and my boyfriend stayed here for two nights. The location of this hotel is great, the staff all but one lady ( forgot her name)who checked us in were very friendly and helpful. This hotel is right behind, kinda connected to the Chinese theatre. You can see the hollywood sign right out the window of many of the rooms. One of the housekeepers let us in a vacant room on that side since our room faced the pool and the shopping area. Hollywood is great the walk of fame is 1/2 block away from the hotel entrance. Their are lots of places to eat in walking distance and many places to shop. If you want to go to Beverly Hills and Rodeo Drive I suggest a car. We rented a car since it is about 20 minutes away from LAX. I'm not sure if they offer shuttle service. We didn't eat at the hotel so can't comment on the food, but when we return in 2007 we will. If you will be there for more than two days get your parking ticket from the hotel is cheaper, i think it was $15 a day. If you don't you will pay $10 each time you exit the lot. The parking garage is not owned by Marriott.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2006
<Rating>3	4	4	5	5	2	5	3	

<Author>hertfordshiremember
<Content>Disappointed with some services and staff My wife and I stayed at this Hotel for six nights in late September. Sady, our experience is different to that reported by some others. We were rather disappointed with the standard of some of its services and staff who seemed poorly trained and/or supervised, over-stretched or plainly inefficient.It has a good location. Grauman's Chinese Theatre, Kodak Theatre, Walk of Fame etc are all only a few hundred yards from the Hotel. There is also a Metro Train Station and several Metro Bus stops behind the Hotel. (A 'Metro Pass' for one day costs only three Dollars and allows unlimited travel by Metro Trains and Buses. We went by Metro Bus to Santa Monica and the Getty Museum; we went by Metro Train to Long Beach to visit the Queen Mary). The guest bed-rooms and the public areas of the Hotel are spacious and comfortable. Our room had clearly been very recently refurbished; it had grand views of the Hollywood Hills and Sign. The Venetian blinds were easy enough to pull up but tricky to let down fully. The room safe was also difficult to open and we decided not to use it.As the first room we were given had not been properly cleaned (there were nail clippings on the carpet and the safe was broken) we were given another room.Reaching for a towel after a shower, I discovered that the neatly folded towel on the rail was in fact soiled and had what looked like blood stains. That was disgusting. When I complained, we were sent a new set of towels. We were also sent a bottle of Champagne, compliments of the Management, which we politely declined. (Incidentally, the Champagne was brought into our room by a swaggering waiter who addressed my wife as 'my love' and seemed taken aback when we declined the gift; in case we had misunderstood, he said it was free !)Having settled our account prior to checking out, we noticed that we had been charged substantially more than the actual amount for laundry services. As we had the two original invoices in the room, we produced them to the dour woman at the Front Desk who examined them and said she would amend the charge she made earlier, but offered no apology.On the two occasions we had a look inside the Hotel's Restaurant ('Twisters') we did not notice any diners there but only the staff; its somewhat restricted menu choices may have been a little discouraging. We too decided to have our meals elsewhere. There are plenty of well patronised eateries nearby.This was in fact the last of several Hotels (in California and Las Vegas) we stayed at during this trip and we had no complaints regarding the accommodation or services at any one of those other Hotels. After allowing for the fact that the Renaissance has a rating of Four (not Five) Stars, we are still of the view that the incidents regarding the soiled towel, unclean carpet and (attempted ?) overcharging are unacceptable whatever the Hotel's rating.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2006
<Rating>2	2	4	4	1	3	2	-1	

<Author>HappyTravellerHK
<Content>You're paying for nice and convenient... Stayed for two nights in September 2006. We arrived late in the evening and no one offered any assistance with luggages. Check-in service was slow as they only had two person at the front desk dealing with all sorts of inquiries. Room is nice and spacious with all the amenities that one would expect from a good hotel. Booked a weekend package that came with breakfast which was excellent. The location was convenient - near the Mann's Chinese Theater and Kodak Theater complex - with lots of shops, restaurants, etc. as well as metro stop. Overall, it is a good and nice hotel but I expect that given the price.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	1	3	-1	

<Author>808traveler
<Content>A bit pricey but great location If you are going to stay in Hollywood, the only other major hotel is the Hotel Roosevelt. Having read bad reviews of that hotel, I decided to stay at the Renaisssance Hollywood. First off, if you absolutely have to stay in Hollywood, this is the best location. It is connected to a shopping center with places to eat and shop and is right off of Hollywood Blvd. making a trip to the Kodak Theater, Hollywood Walk of Fame, and Grauman's Chinese theater a quick walk. All included, I paid almost $1000 for a three night stay. On top of that, expect to pay either $24 for valet parking, or $10 parking in the adjoining parking structure with NO in and out passes. Everytime you leave the parking structure, expect to pay $10. The hotel was very clean and the rooms were spacious, clean and comfortable. The air conditioning worked flawless and we had a pretty nice view of LA from our 12th floor room. For the price, I would suggest staying somewhere else and driving to Hollywood to see the attractions (there are very few things to see and do in Hollywood itself).  
<Date>Sep 30, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>HogsBreath_01
<Content>No Car? Great Location! What a fantastic location for those without a car. Ideally situated in the heart of Hollywood and attached to the lively Hollywood and Highlands shopping centre and just 2 minutes walk from the Metro.We had a very large room with 2 king beds overlooking the city and the Hollywood sign (you can hardly see either as the're in the distance, but nevertheless, the view was great). The beds were fantastic and so comfortable. The bathroom was small, but nicely done and adequate. The decor in the rooms was lovely and really different and to have large chunky wooden blinds instead of curtains was another nice touch.Very nice pool area, which was never busy. The gym looked good as well, although that's not exactly my thing! Had no real contact with the staff, except when we checked in and out and both times they were very helpful and polite. There is a restaurant, but there are so many nice eating places in the shopping centre next door, we never even looked in.Hollywood was great and the 3 nights we had there from 1st to 4th September was the perfect amount of time. Go on one of the Starline Tours of the houses of the rich and famous - I never fancied it, but was really glad my other half talked me into it, as it was definitely worth it. Universal, which is only one metro stop away, is definitely worth a day at, but I suppose it depends on what floats your boat.All in all, I would definitely recommend this great hotel in a fantastic location.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>hotelwiz
<Content>great hollywood hotel great hotel in hollywood, happen to be there during magic johnson's celeb weekend saw many t.v, movie  sports stars. the hotel itself is very nice the rooms are smallish but tastefully done. we were on the club level with lounge access, very beautiful spacious lounge , lots of goodies stunning views of the hollywood hills.all the rooms have very good views, beds comfy but bathroom was disappointing, very small i've seen better inside hampton inns. bath products were very nice and help mask the disappointment of the bathroom.parking is valet only and the wait can be long but in hollywood u never know who might be waiting with u we stood next to eva.L  tony.P who were waiting 4 there vehicle.area around hotel very nice ,close to all the hollywood stuff-walk of fame,mann's,kodak .didn't try eateries in hotel because in l.a, there are so many places to go why would anyone want room service or hotel resturant food.will recommend one place the bungalow club went 4 sunday brunch is was great.staff at hotel very,very nice not snotty at all.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>NJMotherof2
<Content>Wonderful Spot! You want to see Hollywood, this is the hotel to be in. Everything is at your finger tips! Shopping, attractions, Universal Studios and much more. Our room was huge, Executive room..with 2 kids it was great to have the extra space. The view of the Hollywood sign was a blast...  
<Date>Sep 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SouthOCtraveler
<Content>Great service and location My boyfriend and I had tickets to the Foo Fighters concert at The Pantages, so we decided to stay at a nearby hotel so we wouldn't have to drive home to Orange County. After reading the reviews on Trip Advisor, we chose The Renaissance. (We paid $300 for a Thursday night.) Everything about the hotel lived up to its reputation. The valets were extremely friendly and helpful. Check-in was no problem--they had a room available for us an hour before check-in time (4:00 p.m.) and the check-in guy was perfectly friendly and helpful. The room was nothing spectacular, but it looked exactly like the photos on the website and was perfectly clean. We had a quiet room at the back of the hotel with a very nice view of the Hollywood Hills and The Magic Castle. My boyfriend and I both travel extensively all over the world for business and pleasure and this was the first time either of us had seen a toothbrush holder in a hotel! The pool area is great; it's on the fifth floor and has a great view of the city. There are plenty of lounge chairs and several private cabanas. I would say the only negative thing was that the pool bar closed at 4:00 p.m. (But the bartender made a great mai tai.) The hotel is located in a small mall that has a lot of restaurants. We had dinner at The Hollywood Grill, which was fantastic. It was pricey but had excellent service and delicious food. We had a caramel brownie ice cream dessert that was insanely good. We had breakfast at the hotel's restaurant, Twist, which had very friendly, attentive service and delicious food. We both had the buffet and especially enjoyed the fresh Belgian waffle. The buffet had a pretty good selection of both healthful and decadent foods, and it was a bargain at $18 (including beverages). We're over-the-top finicky and critical about hotels and restaurants, and we had a great experience at The Renaissance and would recommend it to anybody who wants to spend a night or more in the Hollywood area.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>yogarunner
<Content>5 Stars for location and service, 4 stars for room We booked a 3 night stay at the Hollywood Renaissance after reading tripadvisor. Tips from previous reviews on this website allowed me to get an unbelievable rate using a promo code, and info on 'club level access'. Shortly after I booked online, I received an email from Marriott confirming my reservation and asked for any additional requests. I then requested 2 double beds, a fridge, extra pillows, a room on the highest possible floor with a view of the Hollywood sign, and club level access for an additional $30/night. We arrived on Sunday afternoon at 2pm. Upon arrival, the doormen/valets eagerly helped us with our luggage and led us to the registration desk. The desk informed us that we did get a room on the 19th floor w/ a view of the Hollywood sign, but it would not be ready for another hour. They gladly stored our luggage and gave us information on the shopping complex next door. The HollywoodHighland complex is pure fun for first time visitors to Hollywood -- Walk of Fame, the El Capitan, street vendors, Batman/Wonder Woman/Capt Jack Sparrow and other characters all at your doorstep -- made our 1 hour wait quite entertaining.While the hotel lobby and public areas are furnished in modern leather furniture which can be found in any department store, I was truly disappointed by the room itself. The brightly upholstered furniture and bed covers screamed cheap 10-year old Ikea and the moveable desk straight out of Staples. Also, while the pictures on the website showed floor-to-ceiling windows, our 19th floor windows were large but only half the height. Also, I didn't like that the lights in the room were very bright and your only option for a 'night light' is to prop the bathroom door open. The bathroom was also quite small. This is not what I would expect for a hotel which normally charges over $250/night (even if I paid much less). However, this is only MY opinion. Our room did have a great view of the Hollywood sign, so I did not complain. My husband and 2 kids didn't mind or notice the furnishings and lighting and found them more than acceptable. The best part of our stay was the club level lounge, which happened to be 2 doors down from our room. My kids and husband found a variety of hors d'oeuvres and drinks served at the lounge shortly after 6pm that evening, and desserts and coffee served until late that night. In the morning, coffee, fresh juices, huge buffet breakfast and several newspapers (LA Times, NY Times, USA Today) were available for us to enjoy while we watched the morning news. Also, bottled water, soda and juices were available for us throughout the day. My kids were in the lounge constantly, and the staff was always friendly and accommodating. It made the hotel feel like home for only an additional $30/night, which is a fantastic deal for a family of 4 with hungry, growing children.You'll never have to wait long for an elevator at this hotel, as they are very fast. The service we experienced during our stay was stellar -- in addition to everything I already asked for, I called for extra robes and toiletries and received them promptly. There was a computer and printer designated for boarding passes at the concierge desk that we could use for no extra charge. The doormen, staff at the concierge, check-in and especially the club lounge were always very friendly and helpful. We got a great deal at this hotel, and it was great introduction to Los Angeles and Hollywood. I highly recommend the Hollywood Renaissance and look forward to staying there again soon -- especially if they decide to refurnish the rooms.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>PrestonTraveller
<Content>Highly recommended if you are staying in Hollywood       The room  
<Date>Aug 29, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>Fati2
<Content>Great hotel but can work on service       View from the swimming-pool  
<Date>Aug 24, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	2	2	3	

<Author>pillowsofwanderlust
<Content>great location Just spent 2 days here on an in-town getaway. The hotel has a great location connected to the Hollywood and Highland shopping complex that also houses the Kodak Theatre (home of the Oscars) and is adjacent to Grauman's Chinese Theatre. Used the AAA package--a great weekend deal that includes valet parking, discount card to various Hollywood and Highland stores and restaurants, and a voucher for 2 tickets to the Kodak Theatre tour.My needs for the weekend were very simple--I was a native Angeleno who simply wanted to explore this part of our metropolis in more detail for the weekend. As such, I did not need the services of the concierge desk, bell captain or valet, so I cannot attest to the quality of these services. i did not eat in the restaurant or use room service.I can, however, say that check-in was fast, efficient, friendly. I was given a room on the 18th floor with a great view of the pool, H  H complex, Hollywood Blvd., Kodak Theatre. The hotel has 20 floors, with floors 19 and 20 being the Club levels. Room decor was modern, Charles and Ray Eames-influenced. Great movable desk with adjustable chair.One main reason I stayed in this area was because the Los Angeles Times recently called Hollywood the epicenter of the new hamburger explosion, and I wanted to try the 3 places mentioned for the best gourmet burgers in town. All 3 places make a similar type of burger: brioche bun, arugula, 2 kinds of cheeses (usually a blue and a swiss), caramelized onions, garlic aioli, bacon. The meat may be Kobe. My personal rankings are: 1) Lucky Devils Lucky's Favorite 2) The Hungry Cat Pug burger 3) 25 Degrees (in the Hollywood Roosevelt Hotel) Burger #1. Horrible service at 25 Degrees.The Hollywood Roosevelt is across the street from H  H. This is a historic hotel that has been revamped into a hip, clubby Chateau Marmont wanna-be, complete with a pool area that becomes a nightclub with high security. The HBO series Entourage filmed here, and unless you are an Entourage type, you will probably be more comfortable at the Renaissance.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SwimMomof3
<Content>Very Good Stay at a Cool Hotel We booked this hotel based on trip advisor ratings. I thought it was very good. It is modern, extremely clean, and well located. The pool has a fun view of the Hollywood-Highland mall entrance with an fun arch and a huge elephant statue. We did hear some noise one night that there was a concert at the mall. But we enjoyed the Hollywood location and took a very easy one stop ride on the subway to Universal Studios.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Frosty53
<Content>Not worth it This was the only 'bum steer' I got from this web site - all the other advice was spot on and we has a great holiday. Because it was so highly rated I decided to book it - when we arrived I was unimpressed with the foyer - the welcome was non existent and it was down hill from there - it represented really poor value for money and I would advise people with loads of cash to go upmarket and budget travellers to save their money and try the Holiday Inn up the road ( we called in and they were friendly and helpful even tho' we weren't staying there) there are lots of Comfort Inn type places. Back to the the hotel - the air con was faulty and the bathroom ended up like a sauna - to be fair the room was clean and the British concierge on day 2 was brilliant but the rest of the staff needed to learn to smile - never again.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	2	4	1	1	3	

<Author>OttawaMan
<Content>Perfect Stay This hotel lives up to its reputation. Flawless checkin, spotless, roomy and quiet room, fantastic location, in other words - wow!I parked the car in the self park, and didn't move it so the price was an affordable $10/day. With all the traffic it was much faster to ride the subway or just walk. The complex where the hotel is located has some great restaurants. The pool is very good. The Highland/Hollywood intersection has some fascinating buskers dressed up as movie and cartoon characters (warning not to walk in the area at night with young kids who will be scared). The Diney store is nearby and serves great food/ice cream.Ten out of ten.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>jsheezay
<Content>Good location, need to work on service I stayed at this hotel for a weekend getaway with some friends. My friend thought it would be a good idea to have my room right next to his when he checked in, so he put in the request when he checked in. The problem was that I had checked in 2 hrs before he did. This was a night out with a bunch of friends partying in hollywood, after the night out, we come back to our room around 2-3am in the morning only to discover that the staff had changed my room without my direct permission! Our room key no longer worked and when I seeked assistance from the front desk, they informed me that MY room with all of my personal belongings is showing as vacant, meaning they could have checked in someone else in that room and I would have been out of luck. I was not happy about the situation and the on shift manager did not handle the situation well at all. He did not apologize, rather he was putting me at fault of the entire situation. In addition, it look them 30 minutes to get the situation straightened out. They need more competant staff. With that said, I would still consider staying at this hotel since it does have a very good location. But don't have high expectations for their service.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2006
<Rating>2	2	4	5	4	2	1	-1	

<Author>Vinolover2
<Content>Think twice before staying here We decided to stay at the Renaissance because of the reviews. Well, it didn't start off so great. When we booked the room we asked if we could possibly get an early check in and were told that shouldn't be a problem, so we drove in from Huntington Beach and arrived at around 1:00 pm and were told that it would be at least 2 more hours before our room would be ready. That is regular check in time, well our room was not even ready then. It was over 100 outside but we walked around the mall near by had some lunch, etc.. finally we got our room. It was a studio suite at $315.00 per night. It was okay, the view was of the street in front of the hotel, not so great even though they told us we would have a great view. We were on the 3rd floor. I booked a limo with the concierge to take us to dinner at Spago for our 19th anniversary. He made the arrangements, gave me the price and I in turn gave him a nice tip! Well after our 3 hour limo trip to dinner, I was over charged $104.00 The next morning I talked with the staff who made the arrangements and he said he would take care of it. Today it is 9 days later, I have made over 8 phone calls to the staff and nothing has been done!!!! My credit card was charged $408.00.............when I called this am the staff answering the phone was completely rude! I was told the staff who made the arrangements would call back in 5 minutes, still haven't heard a word.At 4:30 am we were woken up by banging and sounds of moving furniture behind our wall in the bedroom area. It went on for a couple of hours. We could not figure out what the sounds were, but needless to say, we were awake very early that day. I called the front desk and ended up speaking to the night manager. He said he didn't know what it could be, but offered 2 breakfast vouchers- WOW, that was really nice LOL!!! We were suppose to stay another night, but opted to check-out. They couldn't even offer another room because it was sold out. Come to find out, behind our room was a conference room and they were setting up for an early morning meeting, too bad for us.There was one staff person Lisa who was so wonderful!!! She knew it was our anniversary, had champagne, strawberries, cheese, etc.. sent to our room with a card. And she really was a doll! She really tried to make everything right and her customer service skills were great! Everyone at that hotel should take lessons from her. I work in the Special Events industry and supervise staff that work directly with the public. I would never allow my staff to respond and react to customers as some of these people did. Advise to those who want to stay there, go to Beverly Hills or LA, it is close and you will get so much more for your money. We spent our last night at the Four Seasons...................need I say more.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	5	3	2	1	3	

<Author>yellabelly
<Content>Hooray for Hollywood  Stayed at Renaissance with my wife and teenage daughter for 5 nights. Everything was A1. We even got upgraded to the 19 floor, great views of city and sign. Staff very pleasant, everything spotlessly clean. Great location, walking distance to many sights, only one metro stop to Universal Studios. Highly recommend this hotel, hopefully we'll return some day. Loved Hollywood,surprisingly. We're from Ireland where people are friendly but Californians are every bit as pleasant. Hooray for Hollywood.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>jaknix
<Content>Very Impressed! I haven't had the best luck at Marriott's but I was so impressed by this hotel. The location is wonderful and close to everything. Park your car ($24 valet) and you won't need it again. Stayed here with my young daughter and felt very safe. Our room, king on the 18th floor overlooking the pool, mall, Kodak Theater and Hollywood skyline was huge. Internet is $10.99 per day which is high speed with the cord hanging in the closet?. Mini bar stocked with everything and computerized so if you touch it you buy it and they warn you that you can't keep your own things in there which is a drag for me as I like to keep water cold. No coke machines but I guess with the mall and more food choices then you would ever need they feel that takes care of a machine. Pool was tiny and packed with teenager crowds most of the day and evening. Hotel walks right into an outside mall and then onto Hollywood Walk of Fame. I will definetly visit again and would highly recommend. Received a great deal with the AOL promo code.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>TootsieWiggle
<Content>Don't stay here We stayed here because it was rated number 1 on trip advisor however we were not impressed at all with the hotel or its service. Rude and cold employees... Being in the customer service industry for 20 years this is about the poorest experience I have had.. Will not stay here again. We stayed at the Fairmont in Newport prior to staying at the Renaissance and that hotel to me was 100% nicer and friendlier..  
<Date>Jul 24, 2006
<Rating>2	3	3	4	3	2	1	3	

<Author>wrdtrvlr75
<Content>Great location, uneven service I stayed for one night at this hotel. Upon arrival, the valet parking staff seemed inexperienced and unprofessional. The person who took my key did not know how to release the trunk. There was at least a 15 minute wait to pick up your car. For $24.00 (plus $2.40 more for tax) I expected more from the valet but self-parking didn't seem like much of an option in 100 degree heat. Concierge staff was quick. Upon check-in I was supposed to receive a voucher for a free breakfast for two which I didn't get even though I asked. In the hallway on the way to my room, housekeeping carts were littered all over the hallway as well as old room service trays. There were 2 trays outside my room that never got picked up my entire stay at the hotel! Once in my room (an exec suite on the 15th floor facing the Hollywood Hills) I was impressed with the size of the room and the furnishings. There was a lot of sitting space between the divan, sofa, end chairs and desk chair. The room smelled a little stale and there were oily face smudges marring the otherwise impressive windows looking out onto the Hollywood sign, Magic Castle, and Yamashiro restaurant. I called housekeeping to ask for extra towels which took at least 5 hours to be delivered! I also asked that the smudges on the windows be cleaned and they eventually were. The bathroom was really spacious with a nice vanity area and separate toilet and shower. I wish there were 2 sinks instead of one. Nice LATHER toiletries. The 2 waffle robes were a nice touch and reminded me of my stays at the JW Marriott. The king size bed was more than adequate although there was a smell (feathers) coming from the comforter. Buffet breakfast at Twist was a good deal at $18 per person but selection is limited to the basic foods: omlette bar, waffle bar, hot foods and cereals and breads. Adequate but not over the top. Overall, this hotel is in a great location and worth a try. Just don't expect premium service or amenities.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2006
<Rating>3	2	4	4	2	2	2	-1	

<Author>winechick1
<Content>Always reliable........... I've stayed at this hotel for 3 times now, and it is always very consistent. It's a perfect location when visiting Los Angeles for business or pleasure. Its adjacent to a mall that has plenty of shopping, and terrific places to eat. Its in the middle of all the action, yet the hotel itself is pretty quiet, and removed from it all. The check in was flawless, and even accomodated my request for a room on a higher floor with an awesome view of downtown, and the Hollywood sign.Quinessential Los Angeles. The rooms are well appointed, and have ceiling to floor windows, to allow for the best views. The pillows are also very comfy. All in all, for the price, it is a great deal. I'll definitely be staying here again!  
<Date>Jul 16, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>fiftystates
<Content>Don't Stay Anywhere Else If you are looking for a clean, safe hotel close to all the Hollywood action this is the ONLY choice. I had our family booked at another hotel which was within walking distance to the Walk of Fame trying to save $$ but changed our reservation to the Renaissance Hollywood and I'm so glad I did. We drove past the other one and although it was in walking distance it was in an undesirable location. You just can't beat the Renaissance Hollywood for safety and cleanliness. Pay the extra $$ and enjoy your stay - I'm so glad we did!  
<Date>Jul 2, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awesome hotel!!!       View at night  
<Date>Jun 29, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>joviscot
<Content>No Complaints ......... We stayed here for 4 days recently and the location was wonderful. Very central and close to the attractions.On the recommendations of someone here, we ate at Mels Diner just down the road instead of at the hotel. Its a lovely place. Prices are reasonable and the place is clean and the food is good.When we wanted directions to various places in Los Angeles, the hotel staff would look up the details on the computer and give us print outs and tell us what bus(es) to take or train to take. Nothing was too much bother for them.There is a business centre on the 3rd floor which you can access using your room card. You can use your cc to access the internet ($3 for 10 minutes or so) or buy credit from them.We had a Hollywoood sign view. The room was quiet. Would recommend it and if I am in LA again, I would most certainly book a room there.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel, good position Stayed here for 2 nights mainly to go to Universal but when we arrived we were pleasently suprised to find fantastic facilities literally within the complex.The hotel and rooms are beautifully decorated and clean. The hollywood highland complex is great with shopping, restaurant, and fast food literally a step from the elevator.The hotel is one stop from Universal, and the metro is a lot safer than I first anticipated.The breakfast at twist is top, with a choice of hot or cold buffet there was everything you could want with pleasant staff to serve you.I would highly recommend this hotel has THE place to stay in LA if you want to be central to Hollywood.From a fussy travel agent!  
<Date>Jun 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved this hotel We stayed at this hotel for two nights in mid-April at the end of a long holiday to New Zealand  Fiji. I wanted to choose a hotel that was not too expensive but that would end our holiday on a high point. I was very pleased with my choice.The beds were almost too comfortable !! Rooms nice and spacious, we could see the Hollywood sign from our window. Bathroom relatively small but smart and clean which is fine by me. My brother was suffering from sunburn after our stay in Fiji and my 10 year old son had slipped in the shower on our last night in Fiji and hurt his ankle. We arrived at the hotel after a long and painful 11 hour flight, we were all tired and a bit miserable. At check-in the guy behind the desk asked 'how's your day been so far?' - poor guy, he asked the wrong people !! I gave him a quick summary of my walking wounded, he checked us in very quickly and politely. We went up to our rooms, the next thing I know Room Service are delivering my son milk  cookies and an ice pack for his bruised ankle !! - to my sunburnt brother they sent a pot of tea and some noodle soup to try and cheer him up - all complimentary with a note from the reception guy. That is one of the nicest things anyone has ever done for me/us at any hotel anywhere, very kind  thoughful. I can't remember his name now but top marks to him.Hotel has great location, didn't eat in hotel restaurant but did get some room service which was pretty good. Loads of places to eat within easy walk, Chinese Theatre just around the corner, all Hollywood sights and good shopping just steps away.I would agree with a previous review that information from concierge was a bit hit and miss but overall we loved this hotel and would have no hesitation in returning next time we go to LA.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best Hollywood Hotel This is the best hotel in the Hollywood area. It is within walking distance to all the major attractions that you'd want to see. Try the museum right down the street, has three levels of items. Its in the old Max Factor bukiding. The whole hotel is decorated in mid century modern. Its a good touch. The beds are so comfortable. Pay extra to stay on the executive level. They serve some really good nibbles. They had some scrumptous pot stickers. I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>FelixStowe10
<Content>Great location Enjoyed our stay here for 2 nights at the end of May. Without doubt the main selling point for the hotel is its location - central Hollywood and close to the metro for accessing the rest of the city.Our room was of a good size and well furnished. I also used the outdoor pool on the 5th floor which had great views of the city and welcome cooling breezes.Valet parking is expensive at 24 dollars a night.There are lots of eating places nearby. We choose Mels Diner for our breakfasts and ate at the Pig and Whistle in the evening - both had character and served good food at reasonable prices.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lelewillis
<Content>Great Stay! This hotel was great. My husband and I stayed for four nights. We were treated extremely well. The staff was very friendly and helpful at all times. We loved the location. The hotel is connected to lots of shops and restaurants. We even saw a celebrity at the hotel. If you like hotel bars, this bar looked like a lot of fun. I worked out in the gym, which was clean and nice. The pool area is great for kids and lounging. We ordered room service for breakfast and dinner. Both meals were excellent and exactly what we ordered...we also had a view of the HOLLYWOOD sign from our room.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good for Families, Not for Business I just spent 3 nights at this hotel. I picked it because it was rated #1 on Tripadvisor. This Hotel does not compare to the Park Hyatt or The Beverly Hilton, so if you can get a comparable rate, choose one of those. If you can get a great rate here, take it - the hotel feels new and the rooms have large windows and some wonderful views from the high floors (though avoid any room ending in 23 or 27). The elevators really are fast. But the hotel feels like they spent more time on making things bright and cheery than on spending money on high quality furnishings and carpeting. I am by no means saying this is a BAD hotel, but it's not truly top-quality either. The staff seems inexperienced and poorly trained. I dealt with the folks at the concierge desk regularly and the service was very uneven. NIce people who meant well, but inexperienced to the point of incompetence. The hotel is located right next to a mall and Mann's Chinese theater, but this felt more like a bad location and less like a nice hotel to me. I would stay here again, certainly before staying at the Westin downtown, but this hotel is not in my top 5 for LA.  
<Date>May 11, 2006
<Rating>3	2	4	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>aero1
<Content>Fantastic hotel! Recently returned from a 7 nights stay at this hotel, and would like to recommend it to anyone wanting a hotel right in the middle of Hollywood. Travelling with 2 kids (8 11) we were looking for somewhere clean, safe and in a good location for the sight seeing we wanted to do, the hotel was perfect. Our room (9th floor, overlooking Highland) had views of downtown LA on clear days and the Hollywood sign to the north, was large even for the 4 of us, with ceiling to floor window. The bathroom was pretty small (but didn't spend too much time in there!) and was immaculately clean. Turn down service on return after our first hard dayof sight seeing was a perfect touch. Didn't try the buffet breakfast as a little pricey for the whole family. Instead went to Johnny Rockets which was right next door in the shopping complex, which the kids loved! Fantastic location to wonder round and do a bit of shopping after dark and still feel safe. Always something going on outside Graumans theatre, wether it was street entertainers or Captain Jack Sparrow lookalikes(who was charming!). Disney took us about an hour in rush hour to get to, 15 mins to Universal, 30 mins to Venice/SantaMonica. Valet parking was 24 dollars perday, so better off using self park(same place) with the max charge of 10 dollars per day! Couldn't fault this hotel, would definately stay again.  
<Date>May 7, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>GerrardFamily
<Content>good hotel - nothing special though it's a 5* hotel, so it's going to be good.when we arrived it was chaos out at the front, no one around to take our bags, so we ended up putting them onto the trolley so they could valet park the car to get it out of the way!rooms were large, clean, lots of wardrobe space, and we had a view of the hollywood signcheck-in was a breeze, location was great, nice friendly staffclose to metro line, 1 stop to universal studios for $1.25 each waygreat corporate, impersonal hotel, if that's what you like.  
<Date>May 1, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great!! We staid at the Renaissance for 4 nights during our familly trip to the USA last year and it has been a great experience. Very nice room, nice view over the city, great location, nice restaurant, helpful employees... everything positive except maybe the swimming-pool that was a bit sad looking compared to the general impression given by the hotel.Worth the stay there!  
<Date>Apr 30, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>rmartens711
<Content>Loved the Renaissance!       Our hotel room  
<Date>Apr 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>owings
<Content>Loved the Hollywood Renaissance Hotel We loved our 2 night stay at the hotel. We were able to check in early  had a great view of the city  the Hollywood Hills from our room. The room was clean  very comfortable. All of the hotel staff were great. The valet service was excellent  worth the price. The hotel is very convenient to Universal Studios  Hollywood sightseeing. We would definitely stay here again  recommend it highly.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I just loved this hotel!!!!!! We stayed at this hotel while on vacation in L.A. last summer. I was extremely pleased with everything about this hotel, there is not one thing that I could complain about. Ideal location, extra clean, friendly staff, wonderful breakfast buffet, beautiful rooms, etc. This is one place that I would return to over  over again.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>poppy_popster
<Content>Great Stay! PROS:Fast and easy check-in.Clean and nicely decorated rooms.Clean bathroom/good water pressureComfy beds.Friendly and responsive staffFast elevatorsGreat centrally located locationQuiet roomPowerful air conditoningIn room safe.Great view (Hollywood sign!!!)CONS:Maid service didn't replace little bottle of mouthwash until it was empty. (some con, huh?)COMMENTS:We stayed for 4 nights. Quickly checked in around 11:30 PM and confirmed an earlier requested non-smoking king bed w/rollaway bed. We were given a room on the 16th floor, but it did not have the extra bed. When the bell desk brought up our luggage a few minutes later, I mentioned the rollaway bed and the polite young man said he would take care of that for us. I also mentioned that we had requested a refrigerator online. He said he would take care of that too. Within a few minutes both the extra bed and refrigerator were delivered to our room!The next morning the room darkening blinds and shades were lifted to reveal a perfect view of the famous Hollywood sign! I didn't want to pay a zillion bucks for a hotel breakfast, and we hadn't yet signed up for the Club Level access (more on that later) so we ate at Mel's Diner around the corner. Great food and very reasonable prices at Mel's! In fact, we ate there two more times for lunch and dinner during our stay.We poked around the immediate area and saw Grauman's Chinese Theatre with all the hand/footprints of the stars, saw the Hollywood walk of fame, went into a few souvenir shops, and explored the multi-level shopping complex attached to the hotel. We ate at Johnny Rockets for lunch (also decent food and reasonably priced for a touristy area). Back at the hotel I inquired at the front desk about the Club Level access. For $30 more per day, you can get a continental breakfast in the morning...hors douvres in the late afternoon/early evening...and desserts around 7:30pm. Only guests with Club Level privleges can access the 19th floor (via a card slot in the elevator) and the associated Club Level room. The hotel upgraded my room key and we went upstairs to check it out. It was too early for free eats but the Club Level room (also acessed via a card slot) has a larger TV, newspapers, magazines, sitting area, and a fridge full of various sodas and bottled water. I went back down to the front desk to sign up for a day of hi-speed internet access at $10 per 24 hours (noon to noon). You can sign up online or in room for internet access for your entire visit, but I only wanted one day's access. They also have some type of Intenet keyboard access via the TV for those without a laptop.After a jet-lag induced nap for me, we went back to the club level for the hors douvres. They had chicken skewers, coconut shrimp, fruits/veggies/dips/nuts and cheeses. Not bad! Later that evening they had assorted pastries for dessert. The room was darkened and lit with candles for effect.The next morning we had the club level breakfast which consisted of bagels/breads/english muffins, fruits, yogurt, assorted cereals, tea, coffee, danish. muffind, etc. They also had a hot dish which was normally some type of scrambled egg ( rotated each day to including western omelet, egg quesadilla, soggy omelet mcmuffins) All in all, I felt the Club Level access was well worth the $30 daily room charge (especially for a family) considering the decent breakfast selection and other food and beverage choices. Afther breakfast we were kind of in a hurry to get to Universal Studios. We had booked the Universal Studios Hollywood VIP Experience and our reservation was for 10:45. For some reason, I couldn't open the safe in our room, so I called guest services and they sent security to our room within a minutes or two ( I told them we were running late)! The security guy was very pleasant and helpful! The LA Metro is right next door to the hotel and Universal Studios is only one stop away. Very convenient!When we got back from Universal Studios around 8:45pm, we went to the Club Level for dessert. Unfortunately, all the dessert was gone and there were just a few people there watching the end of American Idol on the TV in the room. One of the people watching happened to be one of the America Idol contestants. It was Chris Daughtry! He was very nice and posed for a pic with us!The next day we did the Movie Star's Home Tour with Starline Tours. I was less than impressed, but my wife seemed to like it. I can't compare the tour to other tour companies, but our tour guide, Brian was fun and informative. Don't pay full price, though. When we were solicited to take the tour, the price dropped by $5 per person while we thought about taking the tour.All in all a fun vacation and a great hotel!  
<Date>Apr 15, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Best Hollywood Hotel! Great view, great location, great restaurant, great decor, I loved everything about this hotel!  
<Date>Apr 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very nice for one night I had a short stay to the hotel (one night) on business. Nice rooms, with great views of the city - full wall windows with shutters (which I liked). Friendly, helpful staff (future entertainment celeb's, very attentive, well mannered and well groomed).Fantastic location if you're wanting to be in Hollywood -- near to downtown, West Hollywood, and probably one of the best locations near (but not in) the SF Valley. I didn't try the wireless (understanding that was not available?). It would be a big drawback if not available.Best thing: Starbucks right next door, a nice casual bar.Worst: I didn't care for the room lighting - cold, stark and too bright (no understatement, or decent recessed lighting). Simply my preference -- I'm a huge hotel snob, so this will stop me from staying here again if it's my choice, but other than this, absolutely no complaints.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jlnjz
<Content>Great Location I had very mixed feelings about the hotel. The hotel itself is nice -- I liked the modern decor, but there were too many issues to give it an excellent. I felt that the service and the on site amenities were average, but because of the location and decor I decided to go with above averageWe spent 8 nights at the Renaissance. We booked a 1 bedroom suite with an adjoining double for our family of 5. The layout worked out well for us. We had a view that overlooked the mechanical stuff on the roof and then beyond that the adjacent mall area. It was fine for us -- we really weren't planning on much of a view at this location.We arrived at the hotel about a 1/2 an hour after their check in time. We were told that our double room was ready but that the adjoining suite was occupied and that they had given the person in the suite a late check out time of 6 pm. I was furious. I had called during a layover on our flight, confirmed our room, confirmed the adjoining room and confirmed that we would be arriving right on time and really wanted to be sure our room was ready. Don't know what happened. After asking to speak to a supervisor we were moved to a different room. Why they couldn't have put us in that one at first, I don't know. I did not request a specific floor or view. It was a frustration that I could've done without after a long travel-day.I was surprised to find that there was no wireless capabilities in the room. We had to connect to the internet using an ethernet cable and it was a bit inconvenient just because we're used to wireless. They have wireless in the lobby, I believe. We used our laptop a lot, though, for planning our days. They do have a business center, but you have to pay for use of the computer.One of our phones would not work (of course, the main one on the desk in the suite). I never did get that fixed -- you'd think that in a week they could've figured that out.One of our tv's was fuzzy and no one could figure that out.The friendliest people in the hotel are the valets. Overall they did a great job. The did lose my rental car one time, but cut my valet charges in half for the inconvenience. They were obviously embarrassed and offered to drive us where we were going.The housekeeping staff was marginal. It seemed like every day they forgot to replenish items and I'd have to call. No coffee for the coffee pot, only one wash cloth, what happened to that extra blanket, etc? Since we were there for a week, we really lived out of the room and it was a pain to always have to call for glasses, or refills for the mini-bar. It was the weirdest thing. We used the mini-bar quite a bit and I had to ask several times to have it replenished. I would have thought that they would have been thrilled to keep stocking it. I read a report from someone else about a dark mark on his clean sheets and that a hotel like this should not have that happen -- we had it happen too. Ours looked like a coffee stain.The location is very good. It was a central location for our itinerary and getting around was easy. There is always something to see at Hollywood  Highland. We really enjoyed just walking around and people-watching. It was not great weather while we were there, but the kids wanted to swim anyway and I think that in good weather, the pool would be awesome. Definitely a plus of the hotel. The adjacent mall was just so-so for us. Our opinion could be because we have 3 boys. A mall doesn't work for them if it doesn't have a Foot Locker, some type of hat store, and/or a sporting goods store. The stores that it did have didn't really appeal to them, so they were really interested in spending time walking around the mall. But, it did have some great food selections and a Starbucks. I would recommend the Grill restaurant. Very good.If we return to this area again, I would probably not stay here again. It was not that it was that bad, but it just wasn't that good that it would warrant a second visit for a vacation.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great !!! People very nice. Beautiful room with a view on the hollywood hills. A great place to stay.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>tomtom333
<Content>Great Hotel, Great Location I stayed for a weekend, looking for a good location to explore Hollywood, Universal Studios and on from there to other parts of LA. I looked at Trip Advisor comments for this Hotel and glad that I did. The Hotel indeed has a great location. As advised I requested a high room and was given a room on the 18th floor overlooking the Hollywood sign. The service was good and friendly. The concierge is always happy to give knowledgeable information on trips and restaurants. The rooms and bathrooms seemed recently refurbished and were very comfortable. The beds were great. The bar area is a bit soleless and the restaurant was good for breakfast, but there are better options in the attached shopping centre for evening food. Overall a very enjoyable stay.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>alturner007
<Content>Extremely nice hotel. Highly recommended. I stayed at the Renaissance Hollywood Hotel for several nights while working a conference, which was held at the hotel. The hotel is exceptional. Room service is reasonably price compared to other similar hotels. The staff was very nice and helpful. I used valet parking and had no problems. The several valet attendants were always available to get your car at anytime and provided fast service. The hotel's location is amazing. Many restaurants and shopping are close. The Hollywood Walk of Fame and Grauman's Theatre are one block away. You can't beat the location! The conference facilities were great. The conference staff were always present. The conference setup crew provide everything my coworker and I needed (my company had a booth at the conference). The food provided by Wolfgang Puck's restaurant was amazing! For me, it was the highlight of the conference. I would highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Again, but left with lower expectations I stayed at the Renaissance Hollywood for the third time in March 2006. I enjoyed my stay, but for the first time at this hotel, I had several disappointments. I was there for 5 nights for both business and leisure. I stayed in a one bedroom suite on the thirteenth floor facing southish so I had a view of the city instead of the Hollywood Hills this time. The view was okay (the roof of the Kodak Theatre was right in front of me, though) and I missed seeing the Hollywood sign from my room, so I asked immediately if I could move. Even though the hotel was quite empty (compared to my prior two visits) they could not accomodate my request. That isn't that big of a deal, but I don't think the staff really tried.Also, I requested a refrigerator in my room online two days before I arrived and it wasn't there upon my arrival (another reason I felt like asking for another room). It took me three calls to the front desk to get one in my room after that!I also had to make more than one request for extra soap and towels.Immediately upon my arrival I noticed a light bulb out in my bathroom. It was quickly replaced, but you think whoever prepped the room for arrival would have noticed it. Also there was gum stuck in the bedroom carpet, which was also quickly cleaned up after I reported it.Also, the housekeeping staff varies in capability at this hotel. I tipped the same everyday, so I know that wasn't it. But on my last day the housekeeper took off the extra blanket I had put on the bedand left the heavy comforter wadded up on the floor.That night I also noticed gray marks on the edges of my bed sheets. I was too tired to report it and wait for the bed to be remaid, so I just went to sleep. I don't think the sheets were dirty, but worn sheets like that should not be put on a bed in a hotel like the Renaissance Hollywood. The housekeeper had to have noticed the marks.I valet parked everyday, which is the most convienient thing to do here. However, I ended up being charged $24 dollars a day instead of the $22 quoted. Not a big deal, but I hate suprises. The valet staff and bell-hops are extremely friendly at this hotel, unlike some of the staff at front desk. Not that anybody at the front desk was rude, just less friendly. And the concierge staff is even less friendly than they are. I think if they just think you are a tourist, they treat you a little less nice.Also, the food at the hotel is average. Whoever raves about the room service at this place must work for the hotel. It is simply ok. If you want to eat closeby you will fare better in the Hollywood and Highland Courtyard. There are good restaurants there both expensive and moderately priced. And lots of fast food choices out there also.I will stay here again because the location is EXCELLENT. However, I have lower expectations now.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>i felt like a star i recently stayed at the rennaissance hollywood for the first time and was absolutely delighted! the rooms were very spacious and airy. the view was excellent- i was on the 13th floor with a view of hollywood blvd. all the way to santa monica!the service was great from the moment i pulled up. valet handled my car while i checked in and then the bellhop was ready with my luggage as soon as i was checked in. the staff was very helpful. i couldnt figure out how to work the tv internet, and a tech arrived to my room in minutes to explain everything.the selection in the mini bar was great, the food on the room service menu was excellent. the bed was very comfortable! as were the chairs and other furniture.this hotel is conveniently located next to a huge shopping center with everything i could want or need. it is also right next to the subway entrance as well as several major attrations. i have already booked a suite for this month, and i'm sure i will continue to stay at this hotel in the future! price was reasonable for the degree of service. $259.00 per night  
<Date>Apr 1, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Me007
<Content>Comfortable atmosphere The trip started off bad (wrong flight time from a web-booking service, error with exact dates of reservation at hotel) so I assumed the rest of it would be dreadful too. I was wrong. Renaissance is a great hotel, both in service and atmosphere. Check-in took all of 5 minutes (AND we were 6 hours early). The meeting halls (I was there for a conference) were large and quiet. The room was clean and decorated professionally. The resturant was large, had great food with a simple menu, and had very helpful waiters (look for Jacob; a blonde haired, thin fellow with a constant smile and some excellent tips on navigating the city). The downside to this place (which may not be bad for everybody) was both a very small gym and a smaller pool. Speaking of tips, take the Metro whenever you can. If you can't do that, rent a car (warning: Parking stinks in LA). Do NOT depend on taxis, which I did and I don't think I ever paid under $45 a trip (not including tip). Finally, if possible, avoid LAX. Without a doubt, the worst airport I've ever been in and I travel a fair amount.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Martin68
<Content>Very comfortable and slick hotel I stayed here for 5 nights with a colleague in Jan 2006, primarily on business. Tripadvisor was the main reason for choosing this hotel and it did not disappoint.First of all, by the official rates it is not a cheap place to stay but you will probably be able to do what we did and get a really good deal. Marriott have a look no further price guarantee where they will beat any other room rate assuming you've already made the booking direct on the Marriott website. It is not too difficult to find a far better rate at one of the travel sites and this is what I did. You have to send a screenshot as proof but I ended up getting a 60% discount on the published rate which I was very happy with.However there was a mixup, when they applied our discount they also erased all the requests on the room type/beds/smoking etc. Luckily I spotted this a few days before departing and I must say that Marriott customer services were really excellent in getting the problem sorted out. Just be aware...So we arrived at the hotel and I'm glad that I read someone else's review because you definitely should just park at the front, check in, drop your bags off and then move the car. The car park is a little inconvenient from the hotel but we got used to it and it is absolutely HUGE with spaces always available.The 17th floor room was superb, just as expected. We were on the north side of the hotel which overlooks the hills and the Hollywood sign and it is quite a sight to wake up to. The decor and bedding were in excellent condition. We used the high speed internet access which worked great. Beds are REALLY comfortable and big which gave me a great night's sleep. Bathroom is just the same as you'd find in any hotel of this class, nothing more, nothing less.We went to breakfast in the hotel for 2 or 3 times just out of convenience. It is expensive but good. Service was not very attentive though. One morning the waiter admitted that he couldn't find our bill and kinda shrugged his shoulders! Of course when I checked the bill at the end of our stay, he had managed to find it after all. Funny that!In the adjoining mall there are several restaurants (Burgers, Italian, Pizza) which we went to in the evenings, these were fine for what they are.As you'd expect the area is touristy which isn't really my thing, at night outside the mall there isn't really that much to do so you'd probably want to drive to another part of town.So to sum up, a very slick and comfortable hotel. I would stay there again but will probably try something a little smaller and intimate next time I'm in LA.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Stay at the Renaissance Spent two nights at the Renaissance, the entire place was great. The rooms were beautiful, service was excellent, parking was not a problem. Very easy access to all attractions.We stayed in Feb. with two kids...couldnt ask for a nicer place, the attached mall area had anything and everything you could possibly need. I would HIGHLY recommend the Renaissance to everyone.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>happytraveler3
<Content>great great great no problems for me very quite room, clean exceptionally clean very good location. parking is reasonable close to the excitement in hollywood really nice mall adjacent to hotel which offers alot of eateries. nothing bad to say.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good, but some staff issues My reservations were made last November or December, so keep that in mind when I tell you about my check-in experience.When checking in, the person who checked me in flat out lied to me. I asked her twice to confirm that it had two beds. Each time she said yes. When the bellhop opened the door to the room, it had one king bed. The bellhop called down to the front desk for me and they said I should check back in an hour or two. Unfortunately, when I did check back, I was told that the hotel was oversold and that there was no way I would get the room that had been reserved for me two to three months ago. I was there for three nights and staying with a friend, so we were both not happy. They said they could put a rollaway in the room, which didn't thrill either of us, but we accepted it. The person coordinating our trip then had the hotel give us access to the members floor, so we would be able to get free breakfasts, evening appetizers and evening desserts.When my friend and I arrived back from dinner. I saw housekeepers cleaning an empty room and asked them if any rooms with two beds were available. They said yes. I rushed to my room and called the front desk to ask for another room. They asked if I needed assistance, and I said yes. About 15 minutes later, someone knocked on our door with the keys, but he didn't seem thrilled about helping us move our luggage to the other room, so we did it ourselves.The reservation mix-up and lying about it was the worst part of my experience at the hotel.However, when I went back to the front desk in the morning to turn in the old keys and to have the member service added to the new keys, the same front desk person from the day before was back at the front desk and seemed shocked that I had the member service on my room keys. (I explained that it was added because of the room reservation fiasco. I'm guessing that she is either new or inadequately trained.) I brought out my Marriott member card at that point because I was irritated by her lying and lack of professionalism.On to the better parts of the hotel stay.The room itself was small, but nice. It's very modern in design and fresh looking. It features wooden blinds, and a pull down shade, which is a nice departure from heavy curtains. It was very clean, and I never saw any stains, other than on our shower liner. The sheets were nice. The comforter was very heavy though, making it difficult to turn over in the middle of the night without waking.About the minibar...don't even lift a snack or you'll be charged! This was a new technique I've not seen before. Some others in my group in other rooms were afraid to even open the fridge for being charged.I was charged $1 to make a local call, so use your cell if you have one. The bathroom was light, bright and spacious. The shower curtain rod is curved, giving more shower room, which was nice. The bathroom toiletries are nice, very fresh and modern. The towels were thick, plush and clean. There's a large vanity top in the bathroom, which is nice for laying out toiletries.The housekeeping staff is friendly and excellent.The room itself is very, quiet, which was wonderful. I didn't swim, but I did check out the pool area, and it's very nice. It even features private cabanas. The workout room looked very nice, too. They are next to each other.The hotel location is fabulous. The hotel is connected to a huge complex of shopping and eating areas. It's also very close to Grauman's, the Kodak Theater, the Hollywood walk of stars, etc. I didn't take the Metro, but there's a Metro stop very near, too. It's centrally located to a lot of things. It took about 30-45 minutes to take Sunset Blvd. to the Getty Center during the morning.Parking is reasonably prices, but it's a bit of a hassle unless you do valet parking. The concierge staff is very nice and helpful, but they weren't always accurate on the directions. One of them told us wrong, and it cost us 10 very important minutes. Oh, about the member rewards room, the breakfasts are the best part. The evening appetizers are so-so, as are the desserts. However, the concierge staff there is extremely helpful and nice.Would I stay there again? Yes, depending on the price I could get. The location is great, and the room is very nice and QUIET. My room rate was $166 before taxes for a Monday through Thursday stay.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>M1799999
<Content>Great Location My family and I stayed here in December and had a great time. We got a one bedroom suite with an adjoining bedroom for our family of 6. The hotel is right next to the chinese theater and attached to the mall. The pool area was very pretty and my son actually swam because the water was nice and warm. The rooms are clean and modern. We would definitely go back again.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Renaissance My husband and I and two boys aged 10  8 and our friends from New Jersey stayed at the HR. We loved it found the staff helpful, fantastic location, beautiful rooms, fantastic pool, couldn't speak highly enough of this hotel.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Lorrie2
<Content>Good location but horrible parking       room  
<Date>Dec 13, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hollywood at it's BEST My friends and I were in Hollywood for Labor Day Weekend and decided (after countless hours of hotel research) to splurge and stay at the Renaissance. Needless to say, we loved the hotel! It was in a fantastic location, we had an incredible view of the LA skyline/Hollywood Hills and the rooms were very clean and comfortable. We ended up booking the Universal Studios 2-night package which basically consisted of everything we needed: accommodations, park tickets, hotel parking, and breakfast all for $469. My ONE AND ONLY complaint is that when we got the bill, the hotel had charged us DOUBLE so our bill was over $1000!! Talk about having a heart attack! The front desk lady was not too knowledgeable about the package deal, so we dealt with the issue when we returned home. I made one phone call to explain the situation, and LUCKILY there was absolutely no problem getting the money refunded. Everyone has their own hotel experience though... whether it be good or bad!So, aside from being overcharged, we had a wonderful stay at the Renaissance. I give it an A+!  
<Date>Dec 6, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>UkBilko
<Content>great weather shame about the hotel my wife and i stayed at the Renaissance for 7 nights but will never use it again.we booked 13 months in advance and asked for a non-smoking room,and when we got there no rooms where free.so we waited for them to stort it out and when they did we wheree given a smoking room and told we can stay there for 3nights and they move us to another room for 4 nights,in the end we got a non somking room the following day.we contacted our holiday rep[Virgin Holidays]and where told to stort out the problem ourselves.if possible refuse rooms 430 up to 440 ,the reason...they are under the gym...and UK travllers...never use Virgin they dont want to know  
<Date>Dec 4, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Location!! My husband and myself stayed here from 5th November for 7 nights. The best thing I would say about this hotel is it's excellent location. The hotel forms part of a huge complex called Hollywood  Highlands - there are shops, restaurants, bars etc all connected to the hotel. This is good as if you just want to wonder round in the evenings there it lots going on right here and it's quite safe!!! The hollywood walk of fame is right here, along with the Chinese Theatre and the Kodak Theatre and along hollywood boulevard there is lots of street entertainment and various filming etc so there is lots to see. We had a hollwood hills view room - if it's a clear day you can see the hollywood sign from your room which is great! The room was nice - we have stayed in many luxurious hotels (such as Burj al Arab) - but we were not expecting this to be anything like that - but the room was just fine. We ate breakfast in Twist a few times at $18 per person for a breakfast buffet. It was nice but if you are looking for something cheaper go to Johnny Rockets (one of the restaurants on the complex) and you can get the ususal cooked breakfast for around $6 per person or just around the corner is Mel's Diner which does breakfast at around this price as well. For evening meals we just ate at different places around the complex, had room service a few times and just ate when we were out shopping of at Univsersal Studios.Most people say that you need a car to get around LA - however we pretty much used the buses/train the whole time we were there. You can purchase an all-day bus/metro pass for $3 per person - this is soooo good!!! We bought these nearly everyday to get around. There is a metro underground station and a bus stop (directly opposite the metro station) just around the corner from the hotel which was perfect. We used the buses and metro to get to Universal Studios (only 1 stop on the Metro - about a 4 minute journey!) - you then have to get a shuttle that takes you directly to the park itself. Next to Universal Studios is Citywalk - here there are loads of restaurants and clubs etc. It's a good idea to go to Universal Studios for the day and then go to Citywalk after to spend the evening.We also used the bus to get from hollywood to Santa Monica (Bus number 217 was our main bus - but you do have to change). It is a very good idea to get some good maps and you will start to get used to the names of the streets where the buses go. It is very easy to get around but there may be a fair amount of walking involved too!Santa Monica took about 1hr 30mins to get to - if you tried to get a cab there it would cost you a fortune - but we used our $3 bus/metro pass to get there. Of course if you are hiring a car - that would be easy too. From Santa Monica you can hire bikes at about $6 per hour and then cycle down to Venice Beach which is great - they have got Muscle Beach  basketball courts etc.We took in a lot of studio tours: Backlot tour at Universal Studios (doesn't cost anything), Sony Studios tours (paid for this in combination with a LA tour) - this was a really good tour and we bumped in Steven Speilberg on this tour!!! And we also did the Warner Brothers Studios tour. These are really good if you are into your movies and you never know who you may bump into!!!The highlight of our holiday however has to be the LA LAkERS game that we went to. The game was great and we also saw Justin Timberlake, Jack Nicholson and Matthew Perry!!!Other places to go is the Farmers Market - there is also a shopping complex behind it - this is a good place to go in the evening - has restaurants there and a cinema. The Cheesecake Factory is also located here - the food is great here and portions are massive - oh yes and the cheesecakes are fab too - they have all sorts of varieties!!! Again you can get here by bus (around 15 mins)Sunset Boulevard is another place to head too - especially at lunch times - this is when you are likely to bump into stars - we saw Holly Valance having lunch. Oh yes you have to eat in Clafoutis (I think that's how it's spelt) - this is on Sunset Boulevard and there are a couple of other little restaurants/cafes near it. I have to say the food was absolutely delicious - we ate here twice! We had things like lamp chops, garlic spagetti, spinach quiche, mushroom soup. You think it would be expensive - but we had meals for around 拢25-拢30 in total with coffees and a desert between us!All in all it was a fantastic trip and we would definatley go back and we would probably stay at the Renaissance again, mainly due to its location and easy access to other areas.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NYCFrank
<Content>Hooray for Hollywood ... Renaissance!!! What a great hotel! From the early check-in, to the clean, stylish and QUIET room. Great city and Hollywood Hills views and the best location ever. The room rate included a full breakfast at their restaurant Twist and free admission to Universal Studios. Also the restaurants in the complex (Vert and Trastevere) were excellant.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Worst hotel stay ever! Being a hotel employee myself, I know how a hotel should be operated, and this hotel has missed the boat. Other than the pool and the great location (the hotel is connected to the Kodak Theater) I cannot think of one good thing about it. Firstly the staff were not friendly and gave off a very pretentious attitude, I guess that goes with the Hollywood surroundings. Secondly when asking a young female concierge for some directions to Staples Center she was very snappy and simply exclaimed that it would take me 25 minutes to get there. Now I am not an LA expert, but I do know that getting anywhere in LA when there is a movie premiere on the same block and 50,000 people trying to get to the same arena is not going to take me 25 minutes. Luckily I followed my insitinct and left early, as it took me 50 minutes to get there. Thirdly there was no hot water in my shower, and 30 minutes later when it finally got luke warm i realised there was no fan in the bathroom and the door to the bathroom does not stay open! Its shuts automatically. So I was totally unimpressed witht the bathroom. Finally after attending the event at Staples Center, my guest and I were a bit hungry and decided to order room service, it was 11.56pm. We were answered by a recording that says that room service closes at 12pm! What sort of a hotel in downtown Hollywood closes food service at 12pm! So I called the front desk and was told to order a pizza. So would I recommend this hotel no. Unless you want pretentious people and bad service, dont take the chance.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2005
<Rating>1	3	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>rockchick
<Content>Hooray for Hollywood! Had a wonderful stay Oct 19-22nd. Location can't be beat...Walk of Fame, Guitar Centre, Hollywood Bowl all walking distance, and Universal Studios a quick drive, bus,shuttle or cab. I've been to Hollywood before and stayed at one of the less expensive hotels on Highland before. But found great rate here for $135/nite gov't/military rate this time. The hotel is beautiful and very clean. Check-in was excellent, and had a room with a view of the Capitol Records building and the HOLLYWOOD sign, when we could see through the smog. Room was excellent, tho near the elevators, but noise was not a factor. Comfy bed, good internet (for fee) ample towels, robes, iron, coffee maker, blow dryer, mini-bar etc. Pre-ordered room service one day. A little pricy, but service and quality were wonderful. Best meal I had in L.A. (I had little faith that it would be delivered on time nor did I expect them to get the orders correct, but they did everything right.) We had other meals at the adjacent Hollywood and Highland Complex, and Mel's. Service was almost perfect. I'm picky, so this is why I rate the place above average rather than excellent. I don't expect perfection, nor do I expect or want to be catered to by overbearing staff. But I do expect competence, effort and courtesy. As a whole, they aren't overbearing like some other more upscale hotels which is fine with me. But I should't have walked into my room to find the maid sitting and watching her stories on the tv, no matter how brief it was. Also, bellmen and valets had us running late for an important event because when we needed a cab and there was a huge crowd of people waiting outside, they told us everyone was waiting for a cab. After waiting around 10-15 minutes we realized there was an available cab waiting in line, and that the others were not waiting. Otherwise, I would highly recommend this place, and if it is in my budget, would love to stay here again should I need/want to be in Hollywood again.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel This hotel is in a great location, there were a lot of things happening within walking distance during our stay, (2 movie premiers, an actor getting his Star, autograph sessions, and some other happenings that we drove by returning to the hotel). The rooms were clean and comfortable with a great view (on the upper floors). Our first room was on the 3rd floor, we asked the bellhop if we could get a higher floor, he made a call and then took us to the 14th floor, went down to the desk to get our new keys and bring them up to us as we unpacked. The valet parking is the way to go, we called down for our car just before leaving our room and our car was waiting for us when we reached the door, the attendents always wished us a good time, drive safely, and welcomed us back and asked how our day was. Driving to the CBS or NBC studios was only and 15 to 20 minutes, getting to the Sony studios took about 30 minutes, (leaving the hotel at around 2-3pm for show tapings). On our last night we had some noisy people in the room next to ours, the staff handle this situation to our satisfaction. We would stay here again on another visit to Hollywood.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The best ever This hotel is exceptional, great staff that made you feel very special. I have traveled extensivly and this is one of the best hotels ever. The Twist restaurant was wonderful, the breakfast buffet out of this world. Cannot wait to return.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>velvetcrush
<Content>Unforgettable experience       View from room  
<Date>Oct 18, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not a Single Complaint! This was one my favorite hotel stays by far, and I am a very picky traveler! I would recommend this hotel to everyone and would even stay here again (not something I tend to do). I went to LA on business and did a few touristy things in the evening. I was very pleased with the hotel and their service -- be SURE to request the fabulous turn-down service. The whimsical carpet and funky flair to the traditional furniture was a treat. Hotel is in a great location with tourist stuff in walking distance (Chinese Theatre, museums, etc.), but also several restaurants right outside door. Nice being able to go to my room after dinner, and then run downstairs to have an ice cream and stop by the oxygen bar for a pick-me-up :-) Self-parking was fine, but it is a bit of a walk to hotel if you are in a real hurry. The view from my room was also nice. Fitness center was small, but I didn't use so not sure what equipment they have. Of course, free internet is alway great to have. Thanks to the staff for making my stay so wonder!  
<Date>Oct 17, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awesome hotel We stayed here for just 1 night, but it was THE best place we could have stayed! We mainly wanted to see the Chinese Theather and then go to Universal Studios the next day. (We did the 1 day Universal Package through their website.)The hotel is beautiful, and it was so conveniently located! Our hotel was connected to a really nice outdoor shopping area w/restaurants and shops where we spent our evening. It's also right next door to the Chinese Theather, where we explored all the famous handprints. It's also right on Hollywood Boulevard with all of the stars along the sidewalk, which is pretty cool to see for the first time firsthand. Hollywood Boulevard, besides these attractions, is kind of sketchy at night, so we mostly just stayed in in the outdoor shopping area, which was just fine! Our room was very nice, so we were quite pleased with that. We also had brunch in Twist - very nice atmosphere, great service..food was ok, but it did the trick. Regarding parking - if you choose to self park, it's easy to do but BE SURE to FIRST CHECK IN so that they can give you the pass to park in their section of the garage!!! We made the mistake of trying to self-park first before checking in and were thoroughly confused as to why we couldn't get into the Renaissance gated-off parking section until we decided to check in and that's when they gave us the parking pass.When we were there also, a pipe burst and they had people using the service elevators. While they did an excellent job managing this very challenging situation (which was out of their control...), I wish that they had informed the guests that if they needed to take the elevator, that they needed to locate a service elevator. We only found out because a fellow guest, who had been out in the hotel before us, told us of the situation and led us to the service elevator he'd found. But like I said, they did manage the situation rather well and were very nice and helpful in redirecting guests.I loved this hotel - one of my favorites on our 9 day CA trip - and would absolutely recommend it!!!  
<Date>Oct 7, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hollywood Bowl package! We were looking for a nice hotel to stay for a show we were driving down to see at the Hollywood Bowl. Reviews here led us to the Highland  Hollywood Hotel. We discovered that they offer a great package with deluxe room, valet parking, shuttle tix to the bowl, and breakfast the next morning. Everything was done just right. The megaplex that the hotel is a part of is pretty interesting, but it is not something that we really needed. Regardless, we had an awesome trip to the bowl and this hotel made it extra special.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2005
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>opiedro
<Content>very good place to stay We stayed here 3 nights in september after the good reviews from here. is an excellent place to stay. hotel is perfect. service very good, we asked for a fridge to be brought to the room and it was brought up very quickly. valet parkin is 22 dollars a night which isnt too bad, and they get your car quick. bed was incredibly comfortable. location is good, no real nightlife here though. recommended  
<Date>Sep 25, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>martdm
<Content>Tough to beat!! We stayed at the Renaissance Hollywood on 9/5/05 as an overnight stop between San Diego and Las Vegas. Our goal was to get a quick taste of Hollywood and this location perfectly suited our needs!As many have noted, the hotel is located within extremely close proximity to all Hollywood Boulevard attractions. Located in the Hollywood  Highland complex, it was well kept and felt extremely safe, with the open air mall, funky bowling facility, and plenty of restaurants to occupy your time in the evening when the world outside the complex gets a bit sketchy.Valet service was lightening fast and pretty reasonable at $22, which was surprisingly cheap considering what we've paid in other metropolitan tourist areas. Front desk check in was quick and pleasant.The room itself was a typical king hotel room setup with bath, bed, tv/armoire, and desk. We had a view of the city which was very nice both at night and during the day. The decor is sort of retro, reminiscent of 50s contemporary styling. The bathroom was roomy with plenty of towels and bath products available. Everything was very clean and in good shape with the exception of the bedspread and pillow shams, which seemed a bit worn (not a big deal as we just throw it all off the bed when we sleep anyway). All the public areas are clean and have wonderful artwork on display.We had the breakfast buffet at Twist, the onsite restaurant and found it to have a good selection of quality hot  cold items, including cooked to order eggs and waffles. The service was top notch and we thought it was a pretty good value for $16 or so, even though we didn't eat a lot.All in all, this was a great hotel providing us the perfect home base for our one day visit to Hollywood. It is a great option for anyone looking to stay in or tour the Hollywood Boulevard attractions, as well as other attractions reachable by Metro as the station is extremely close by.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Purpleguardog
<Content>Great place to stay as long as.. This is a great hotel to stay in Los Angeles, really convenient location, lovely decor, great valet service etc.etc. as long as you can deal with the unbelievably offhand reception staff. My children and I were put in a smoking room when we'd asked for no smoking and they couldn't change us, nor could they change travellers cheques and were generally pretty rude. If you can get over that (which we did) it's a great hotel.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It Lived Up To It's Reputation Everything about my stay at the Renaissance was pleasant. This place really lived up to it's rep. I had read all the good reviews and thought Why not give it a try!. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The location couldn't have been better. All the brand name shops were adjacent to the hotel. It is was within walking distance to Mann's Chinese Theater, The Kodak Theater, Disney Soda Shop, Hollywood Walk of Fame, and many other popular attractions were all just steps away from the hotel. This place was worth every penny of my two nights stay. Oh yeah...I forgot to mention that heavenly bed. It was soooo comfortable I could have just stayed in bed all day watching movies. Our view was of the city skyline and believe you me it was something to see at night. The room decor was very modern contemporary-they did a fantastic job. I just made my reservations at the Renaissance for 4 nights- I was so impressed I plan on doing it again for my birthday in October. Happy travels.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>sniffles
<Content>Very very nice hotel After 8 days in DL and SD with a 2yr old, it was our time to relax. And relax we did! Valet was pricy ($22/day) but well worth it with a trunk load of luggage and an un-cooperating child. Stayed in a suite (all 650 sq ft of it) overlooking the pool and HW blvd and haze. Ordered room service, dinner from Twist (NY (?) steak and salad - excellent , pasta - so-so). Reminded the SO not to touch the snack machine, opening/closing the beverage bar did not cause mystery charges.Overall a very enjoyable experience, definitely the place to stay in HW.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>KayDas
<Content>Excellent Location This hotel has to be a strong contender if you are looking for a hotel in Los Angeles. My fiancee and I stayed here for only 2 days, but the hotel has such a great location that we felt that we saw most of the key attractions. The hotel looks out on to the chinese and kodak theatres and the walk of the stars. We could see the Hollywood sign on the hills from our hotel bedroom, and the Universal studios is only one metro stop away (the hotel is right next to the metro). The location is central, yet absolutely peaceful and immaculately clean inside. Felt very safe here compared to some of the other areas and other hotels we saw on our visit. The room was clean and large, with internet access and complimentary coffee/tea. This hotel is really in the heart of things in Hollywood/LA and I would stay here again if I was in LA.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>fedexflyer
<Content>A Nice Place To Stay If You Want To Be In Hollywood I had a day to kill at the end of a recent business trip to LA, so I elected to stay at the Renaissance Hollywood Hotel. First word of warning--try to arrive outside of rush hour, as traffic on North Highland Avenue approaching the hotel moved VERY slowly at 5:30 p.m. Upon arrival, I handed my car over to the valet ($22 a day with in  out privileges) and was immediately greeted by the front desk clerk. She quickly checked me in to my room on the club floor, but it was only after I walked away that I realized that she did not give me any information on the club floor lounge (open 6:00 a.m. to 10:00 p.m.). The room had a nice view of the LA smog--downtown was barely visible, although the Hollywood sign could be seen off to the side. The room itself was clean and decorated in a style that is intended to be modern and hip. To me, however, it came across as austere and cold (although the room does include a fish in a small bowl so as to ensure that you have a friend away from home). The room and bathroom also seemed a tad smaller than typical, although they were certainly big enough, and the all-important bed was comfortable. Room service was fine, although the hallways were lined with dirty trays--one stayed outside my room the whole time I was there. As for the hotel's location, it can't be beat--the Kodak Center is just steps away, and virtually all of the sites of interest along Hollywood Blvd. are within a convenient walk. While Hollywood is not the nicest part of LA, the Renaissance is definitely the place to stay if you want to be close to the Hollywood attractions.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>SteveBazakas
<Content>Great hotel, incredible location My wife and I took our 14 and 10 year old on vacation in Hollywood, and I don't know how you could have a better location. You are right next to the Oscar theatre, Grauman's Chinese Theatre, and right on the walk of fame. Restaurants are nearby. From our room, facing the mountains, you looked right at the Hollywood sign. The rooms are large and nice, and the staff is extremely helpful and friendly. Beautiful pool, great workout room. We actually switched to this hotel after one night somewhere else, and we were very glad we moved. You are on Hollywood BL, one block from Sunset, and a subway ride from Universal. Valet parking is very expensive ($24?). A great Hollywood experience!  
<Date>Aug 13, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>nvelardi66
<Content>Absolute perfect location Hotel: - 1st class - excellent customer service  - decor is beautiful but a little too modern for me (and i love contemporary decor!) -- everything is crisp and fine lined...just felt a little cold and not homey at all - very large spacious room (i was in an average room) - very very cleanLocation: - wonderful location - centrally located to everything you need! Metro train is right next door - LA is surprisingly easy to get around - Metro train only $1.50 (and that's on the honor system!!) and you can take that all the way down to Long Beach!! 1 1/2 hour lovely ride - subway system is incredibly clean and safe (i'm from NYC!) - no problems at all and everyone was very helpful --- one stop to Universal. Walk to all hollywood sites - warning: DO NOT visit the Hollywood Wax Museum! HUGE disappointment and WASTE of $14 per person - the wax figures look more like my 10 year old was experimenting with playdoh! horrible! - Definetely take the Starline Tours - Johnny Rockets for eats, Mels Diner, lots of free TV show tix available from street vendors right on Hollywood Blvd. FUN FUN FUN!  
<Date>Aug 5, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jimmyb01
<Content>Could not be better         
<Date>Aug 5, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Lem69
<Content>Superb Stay Having been to many parts of the states I was always filled with trepidation about visiting LA and it never really appealed. Saw the reviews on trip advisor which commented on the standard and location of this hotel and although it was a little more expensive than we wanted to pay it turned out to be absolutely worthwhile.When we arrived we only waited at reception for approx 30 - 45 seconds before someone spoke to us and they promptly apologised for the wait !! Check in was smooth and we went off to our room to find one of the best standard rooms I've stayed in. It was superb, the furnishings were very modern and the room overlooked the pool area.The location is the real winner though. The complex that the hotel is part of is right on Hollywood boulevard, adjacent to the walk of fame. There are shops and eateries a plenty and views of the Hollywood sign and hills.On the Saturday night we went to a night club on Hollywood blvd called 'Garden of Eden' which was very cool (and is also recommended.) What made it even cooler was that when we came out of the club we were only a 10 minute walk along the blvd to our hotel.I can't praise this hotel highly enough, it made our stay in LA an excellent one and if I return I will definitely stay there again.By the way the pizza shop across the street is open late and is excellent.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>sammie66
<Content>Fantastic hotel!! ***Reommended***  Superb Hotel!!!!!!!! We had an absolutely fantastic time in Hollywood and the Renaissance hotel was the perfect place as it was right in the centre of all things Hollywood. The rooms were very good in size, clean and air conditioned which is great after a long day in the sun. The staff were friendly, the pool not huge but never busy and the view of LA form our room was fantastic!! As for positioning you walk out of the fifth floor straight into the Hollywood and highland shopping complex which is linked to the Kodak theatre (where the oscars are held) and near Manns chinese theatre. If you go down to the ground floor level of this complex you can walk straight out onto hollywood boulevard. You are literally 3mins from all the action particularly all the premieres which are great for star spotting. You may even see a star or two in the hotel!!!!! We saw Penny Johnson Jerald, who played Sherry, President David Palmer鈥檚 ex-wife in 24 on the same floor as us and Raven-Symone who played Olivia on the Cosby show and now has her own show in the states in the lobby. Plus while we were there they were running the BET music awards from the hotel - the lobby was absoultely packed with people of which some were stars although American holiday makers were recognising them but we weren't!!!. What is also nice is the majority of visitors there are American so you don't feel like part of the UK has just been moved with you on your holiday!!!! As for going out at night yes you do need to be weary in LA but this is exactly the same as if you were in London or probably any other city only difference being more gun crime but I felt safe in the vicinity of the hotel. The actual part of Hollywood boulevard outisde the Kodak and Mann's theatre I felt very safe in, even at night. One evening my boyfriend was ill and I went out on my own around 10pm to get some food and I felt completely safe!!!!! This part was quite packed with tourists every night til around midnight. All in all recommend to all!!  
<Date>Aug 3, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>francais8900
<Content>Dream Hotel All I can say is that our experience at the Renaissance Hollywood has made me look for Renaissance hotels in every city I visit. My husband and I spent 3 nights there in March and we booked our trip through American Airlines Vacations. Our huge picture window gave us a great view of the Hollywood sign as well as downtown LA. The beds were extremely comfortable and the room was decorated in a really modern and colorful style. The lobby bar was amazing and the hotel staff were the friendliest I've encountered in the Los Angeles area. We saw several TV and film stars in and around the hotel, and the Kodak theatre is connected to the back of the Renaissance. There are shops and restaurants just outside the hotel and of course, the famous Walk of Fame. The Renaissance brings back the glamour of the golden days of Hollywood and I can't wait to stay there again!  
<Date>Jul 28, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Grammy5
<Content>Hollywood Renaissance Hotel We just returned from attending my husband's conference which was based at the Hollywood Renaissance Hotel at Hollywood and Highland Avenues. The hotel itself was phenomenal ... the most comfortable beds and pillows we've ever had at a hotel!! The staff was excellent and any time we talked to them about places to go and how to get there, we were given complete verbal instructions and also printed instructions! Our conference food was catered by Wolfgang Puck and it was the best ... not sure how they serve hundreds of people with piping hot food but it was perfect every time. If you have a chance to eat at one of his restaurants, do it! The food is great! The hotel is directly connected to a mall which has some high end restaurants and also some more moderate eateries. You can also walk down the famous Kodak Theater stairway and to Grauman's Chinese Theater to see the hand and foot prints of the big stars! The stars with the names on are all along the sidewalks. Having said all that, you have to realize the location you are at. The streets seem to be tourist friendly during the day, but I would be careful at night. We didn't venture too far after dark. One morning we took the bus (very reasonable!) to The Farmer's Market/The Grove for breakfast and a little shopping. We also took the bus one afternoon out to Warner Bros. studio for the VIP tour. There was some walking from where the bus left us off but it wasn't bad. (that is a great tour!) I think you just have to be prepared for the expense and also the time it takes to get to places from this location.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location!!!! My husband and I drove up from Palm Springs for a weekend here, and it was absolutely wonderful. The best part about it is location...the hotel is attached to an outdoor mall, and within walking distance of all the hollywood tourist sights!! There are a ton of restaurants and bars to choose from, as well as places to grab a drink.The hotel itself was also superb. The beds were comfortable, and the room had every ammenity we could have needed. The staff is very friendly, and I appreciated their enthusiasm to assist. Room service was great, took no time at all and they called a little later to check on the quality!!Overall, I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone looking for the hollywood experience in a posh environment!!  
<Date>Jul 20, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place in Hollywood We have just completed a stay at the Renaissance Hollywood and we have really liked it very much, the rooms are spacious, we had a view on the Hollywood sign, it was clean and the breakfast was excellent. Great value for your money!  
<Date>Jul 18, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Teriffic Hotel Unfortunately the start to our 5 night stay in Hollywood was awful. My fiance and I had driven to Hollywood from Las Vegas and en route stopped off in a random town half way in between Hollywood and Las Vegas called Victorville for something to eat. What I didn't found out until we had reached the Renaissance in Hollywood was that my fiance had left our passports, tickets and money on a seat in the restaurant!!!! As you can imagine I wasn't best pleased and we both started to panic. The staff on receiption at the hotel were SUPBERB and located the telephone number of this restaurant and rang around a few places and eventually located our passports. They arranged for a courier to collect our vaulables and 4 hours later we were reunited with our things. As we didn't have our room voucher the reception desk were under no obligation to check us into our room. However, i think they took pity on us and checked us in very quickly.Rooms are very modern and contemporary with a lovely comfortable bed and plenty of space. Mini bar was also a nice touch and the bathroom was also very big with very modern fixtures and fittings. The hotel restaurant twist is very nice and definitely worth a visit.Overall i loved this hotel and its location (right on Hollywood Boulevard) and would definitely recommend this to anyone!!!!!!  
<Date>Jul 14, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>smb0903
<Content>Hollywood ! ! ! ! ! ! !       Rodeo Drive  
<Date>Jul 3, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>carcar_06
<Content>Great Hotel My family and I stayed at the renaissance Hollywood for a short family vacation and to go to Universal Studios. I had checked a ton of different hotels, but it turned out that the Renaissance was the best pick. We got a rate of $135.00 per night with the military discount. The hotel was great! it was very clean, nice size bathrooms, great views and in a great location of the top hollywood sights! The metro is also located right outside te hotel and that is what we took to universal studios. It only took 3 min to get there, and it was only $3.00 for the entire day. The Hotel was great I could not have asked for anything else!  
<Date>Jun 26, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hollywood lights-camera-action No complaints at all for the ealry check in around 10:00 am to the time we left 4 days later. Stayed on high floor overlooking the hollywood blvd. Front desk, conseriage, bellman as well as the valet service was great. I highly recomend this hotel to families that want to be in the middle of the Hollywood scene. Do not and I repeat do not venture far from this location. My wife's sister lives only a few blocks away and the bums, prostitutes as well as drug delaers are all very close by. On our last day we experienced only 50' from us a drug dealer having 2 cops jump out of their car and as the dealer went for something in his pocket, both cops pulled there guns...whew. The location of the hotel is close for those who want to take taxies to Beverly hills, Rodeo Drive area as well as some of the great hotels and night life. The weather was great no humidity and averaged in the 60's being from Florida we enjoyed the weather especially this time of year. Also found for those who rent a car the Venice Beach and Malibu areas are fairly close by but the traffic ---- getting there. Went to Santa Monica pier and the 3rd st. Promonade.....beautiful area and a must vist...just watch out for the bums they are everywhere...had to keep an eye on both my daughters ages 14 and 15 since the homeless men were quite agressive....all in all nice place to visit but I will stay in Fort Lauderdale to live...must admit give me the summer so. cal weather and I would be hard pressed to go anywhere  
<Date>Jun 25, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>gregjohnson19
<Content>High Price - High Attitude. I am very familiar with Marriott products and service and was extremely dissapointed with the extremely poor service I recevied at this property. The clerk was belittling and very rude, with no reason I can think of to provoke such an attitude. The service from him was, truly so disgusting I checkout that afternoon and moved to the Residence Inn Beverly Hills. Renaissances are kept to a high standard, and this property - although dark - met my expectations for a nice quiet hotel with a great location. Regardless, such an awful front desk experience has made up my mind never to return.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2005
<Rating>2	2	4	-1	-1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location, good service and great room!       spacious room  
<Date>Jun 5, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>AvenueEastTraveler
<Content>Perfect Place for Tourists You'll have a hard time finding a better hotel to stay at if you are a tourist with children. Just don't let your kids venture outside of the hotel complex after dark; it doesn't feel like the safest area.Still, the Renaissance Hollywood is a great place to stay with its direct connection to the Kodak Theatre, Chinese Mandarin Theatre, Hollywood Walk of Fame, and an expanding shopping mall.The room size was just right and comfortable; the bathroom was clean, too. They're experimenting with providing a Dell home pc with Internet access, which we did not have time to use. I think I saw a Sony Play Station, too, next to the television.Again, if you are doing the Los Angeles tour thing and you have kids, then this is the place to be.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>caliwanabee
<Content>great hotel, more business guests than tourists the renaissance is perfectly situated on hollywood blvd on the hollywood walk of fame. There is a metro station outside which is only one stop away from the Universal studios theme park, and the complex is right in the hub of the tourist area of hollywood. Rooms are very comfortable, and view of the hollywood sign from the pool area leaves you in no doubt of where you are. Would have loved to be able to open our window onto a balcony, to enjoy the street atmosphere from on high! (Although perhaps we wouldnt have enjoyed letting the smog in!) Taxis and food seemed to work out quite expensive, although we ate many times in Johnny Rockets 50s diner, and would thoroughly recommend them for service and value. Overall the hotel cleanliness was excellent, but we didnt use the twisters restaurant in the hotel as it looked a little above our budget. Also, if you want to email whilst away, try the internet cafe immediately across the road from the hotel entrance, we found it very cheap and easy to use.  
<Date>May 23, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>PamDNorthamptom
<Content>Well worth a visit We have just returned from an 8 day stay at the Renaissance. I could not fault it. Having stayed at the Renaissance Mayflower in Washington previously we expected good standards and were not disappointed. There was even a film being made in the foyer to add to the excitement. One bit of advice though. If you are staying here without a car don't be tempted to pay lots of money for the tours on offer. Most of the locations offered can easily be reached by metro bus. This costs $3 per day, all day. It's amazing ! We went to Santa Monica for $6 ! My advice is to go to the Tourist Information office in Hollywood and Highland mall where they will give you a list of all destinations and bus numbers. It couldn't be easier.Hotel staff were fantastic especially Lilli in the restaurant.We'll be back.  
<Date>May 9, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>angelasmom
<Content>Great for a family This review is very overdue, but felt I had to write for any families that are considering doing Holllywood. We stayed here on the first leg of a 12 day trip that included Hollywood, Yosemite and finally San Francisco. We had nothing planned ahead of time, and just decided to play it by ear. My husband and I traveled with our 14 year old daughter and 11 year old son. We stayed here in August of 2004 and had a great time. First of all, if you are interested in doing the whole Hollywood thing, this is the place to stay. The hotel is beautiful and clean and has a very nice workout room right off the pool area. We upgraded to the concierge level which I was glad we did, because the rooms are a bit on the small side, and the concierge lounge will give you more room to stretch out. Breakfast is served in the lounge which saves time and money, and they had snacks and drinks in the evening. The small room did not bother us, because we were on the go from morning til night taking in the sights. Keep your eyes open for stars staying in the hotel. We saw Jack Black and Will Farrell. Right outside the front door is the Walk of Fame. You can check and see who might be getting their star while you are there. We picked up free tickets out on the sidewalk for a taping of the Wheel of Fortune. If you have a few days, I would recommend buying the Hollywood City Pass, which gives you tickets to Universal, the Kodak Theater tour and the StarLine Movie Stars' Home Tour and the Max Factor Museum. Some of the things we loved were the Kodak Theater tour, the Graumanns Chinese theater tour, and your kids will love the Warner Bros. tour. We were able to go on the sets of several shows because they were on hiatus (Gilmore Girls, etc) and the stars' homes tour. We packed a lot of fun into four days before we took off for the calm of Yosemite.  
<Date>May 5, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Ideal Base when in LA... This hotel is one of only two properties you should consider in the central Hollywood area, should a good standard of accommodation be important to you, as well as a very central location (the other being the Roosevelt, reviewed elsewhere)I have stayed at both hotels on several occasions and each time I have visited my stay has been excellent.The Renaissance is a new-build property, visible from several miles away, just up from the junction of Hollywood and Highland. It is actually part of the Hollywood  Highland complex, which is a 4-floor collection of small stores and restaurants. This is where the only negative comment I have about the location comes in - the parking. Parking your vehicle involves using the cavernous car park serving the shopping complex. You have to drive underground 3-4 levels and park up then make your way to the elevators or the escalators and make your way up again (with your luggage, of course) to the third level of the complex, then cross through the stores and enter the hotel (still at the third level) then take a hotel elevator down to the lobby, check-in, then back up in the elevator to your room...quite a trek! Seriously consider the valet, as I do now.Once you have recovered from the parking ordeal, you will quickly concede that the hotel is amazing.The views are spectacular. Either you get the Hollywood sign or the City of Los Angeles, either view is a winner. As several other people have commented here, the windows in the rooms are floor to ceiling and several nights I went to sleep with the curtains open so I could see the city spread out below. Beautiful.Bathrooms are large and have all the amenities you would expect. There is always plenty of closet space and the beds are wonderfully comfortable. Be careful of the mini-bar though - removing an item to even look at it seems to automatically charge it to your room! The pool area at this hotel is underrated also, a good sized swimming area, plenty sun loungers and several cabanas for those really hot days.The restaurant in the hotel I have not tried in the evening however the buffet breakfast is more than adequate - plenty choice of meats/ eggs served to order, cereals, pastries and fruit and currently $16 which is not so bad for the quality of the food and surroundings.As for surroundings, the immediate vicinity can be rather seedy at night although not unsafe. And the location is terrific - you could walk uphill to the Hollywood Bowl, the Hollywood Walk of Fame runs along the front of the shopping complex, the Kodak Theatre is actually part of the complex itself, Mann's Chinese Theatre is next door to the Kodak and the Hollywood Sign looks down on the hotel from the rear. Any negative points to this property? Just the parking - if you have trouble walking, it may be an issue. However bear in mind the hotel offers a rate of $15 a day with in-and-out privileges, whereas the carpark itself only offers $10 rate per entry with no in-and-out so book with the hotel, it should work out better for you.If you are expecting class from Hollywood, do not be too disappointed. If you are expecting class from the Renaissance Hollywood, you are in luck.  
<Date>May 5, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Criticaltraveller
<Content>Hollywood Star! Ceiling to floor windows ensured that the view from our room was the best it could be. The Hollywood sign and downtown LA was what we saw. It was stunning. The Venetian blinds on the windows are a different touch - nice. Everything that you would need to see in Hollywood is at this hotel's doorstep. Very convenient! The bathroom is very small, however, and that's really the only complaint that I would have. I would stay there again.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Beautiful Hotel The staff was great! Food was great! I can't wait to return to this wonderful hotel.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not a bad thing to say about this place!!!...       The hotel itself  
<Date>Apr 2, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>MalcolmWest
<Content>Location, Location, Location On Wednesday, March 23, 2005, we rolled off the 101 onto Highland heading to the Renaissance Hollywood Hotel with our New York relatives - I'm a native from OC, of course, but still cynical about the whole Hollywood experience. However, I am also the one who invested in reading Trip Advisor reviews and actually going to the Chamberlain Suites (formerly Summerfield and being remolded at the time) and the Hyatt (the Riot aka Led Zeppelin) Hotel on Sunset, but finally choosing the Renaissance over all of them, including the Best Western across from the Hyatt and the Roosevelt across the Chinese Theatre. The bottom line is that the Renaissance is all about service and location, location, location. For starters, we had a 12th floor suite connected to a regular double standard looking out to the streets of Hollywood. Fortunately, we upgraded to use the Club Lounge on the 19th floor and that's where magic unfolded. Yes, we had the Hollywood sign to look at on the 19th floor, but also a cool lounge with a great plasma tv and music system not to mention this place serves breakfast and afternoon-evening dishes. But, this is also a place to meet people and where two young girls from Ohio told us about the Sandra Bullock premier that Wednesday night for Miss Congeniality at the famous Grauman's Chinese Theatre next door. We also found out that Sandra was returning the next day for her Walk of Fame Star on Hollywood Blvd right in front of the Kodak Center. We got pictures, autographs, and even spoke directly with Miss Congeniality, who, by the way, is not only nice, but also quite stunningly beautiful in person ... but Jesse James kept his back to us. George Lopez was great, too, so were all the co-stars, including Captain Kirk, William Shatner. The pool on the 5th floor was awesome for the kids, too. It's long, but not too deep, and very spread out with a huge patio area with about 4-5 cabana's and a bar area. It also had an incredible view. The work-out room was just inside on the 5th floor, too, and had 180 degree views as well. Kids, and parents, will love this hotel, the Kodak Center, and all the dressed up characters that patrol Hollywood Blvd near the center. This is not the Hollywood I went to in the early 80's to go clubbing. There are still plenty of clubs nearby, but also a great enclave for family fun and Hollywood history. The shopping is superb and first class and the ining in the center and hotel are fine, too. The Grill on the 4th floor of the Kodak Center is cool, too, and where the Warner Bros and entourage dined after Sandra's Star ceremony. I have to say that we were able to be flexible, but so was the hotel staff especially the manager on duty that Wednesday afternoon. We arrived early, like 2pm, but the hotel said we have a suite available at no extra charge if you don't mind smoking. Needless to say, we did, but we liked having the suite more with connecting rooms. These folks at the front desk, housekeeping and lobby area, including bell and valet, were awesome and friendly. We got calls from the front desk asking if we received our extra tooth brush and rollaway. If you have a family, it's probably the best value for the buck and the best value for entertainment within a walking distance. Check with the Hollywood Chamber of Commerce, too, for upcoming events like a premier and Walk of Fame Star. Thumbs Up!  
<Date>Mar 29, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>CincinnatiTravelgirl
<Content>Great hotel My husband and I stayed at the Renaissance Hotel Hollywood Feb. 19, 2005. This hotel is fabulous! The staff was very friendly with speedy checkin. The location is great, right next to the Kodak Theatre. We had the breakfast buffet, which was superb. The hotel has self parking which is reasonable. The rooms were very nice and beds very comfortable. We even had a view of the Hollywood sign. Being a travel agent, I look for any kind of flaw a hotel might have, whether it be the hotel itself or their staff. I must say, if this hotel had one, I didn't see it. Highly recommended.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel! We stayed at the Hollywood Renassance 3/6-3/8/05. The rooms were clean and pleasant. Check in and out was fast. The location was excellent. It was right at a mall, the Kodak theater and the famous Hollywood Blvd. The parking was easy and relatively inexpensive, you could go in and out all day long. I would definately stay at this hotel again if I were in the area.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kingpap
<Content>Excellent I stayed at the Renaissance Hollywood Hotel during the Academy Awards. Overall the hotel was excellent, the room was very good with a great view. Even though the hotel was completely full, and very busy due to the special event, the service was very good.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Ryanoles
<Content>Beautiful rooms If you are going to stay in Hollywood, this is the place you have to be.While it does have it's drawbacks (obviously), it is easily the best hotel in the best location in Hollywood. All the other hotels I seen looked like they had seen better days and the neighbourhoods were sketchy.The staff was extremely friendly at the hotel, and offered assistance anytime they could.Upon first entering my room, it had an overwhelming smell of make-up for some reason, but the room was beautiful and the view of the Hollywood sign was unreal at first look. The TV was great and the bed was comfortable. The bathroom had a good shower for a hotel in Los Angeles (all the other hotels in LA I had stayed in had subpar showerheads). The pool was rather small and didn't even have a deep end! I was rather disappointed by that aspect, but the pool deck was a nice area.The location is impeccable in Hollywood as you are close to everything worth seeing and in walking distance. However, you have to risk your life crossing a parking lot entrance everytime you leave the hotel from the front doors so beware!  
<Date>Mar 4, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>eblkcat
<Content>Great hotel!!! Got a room on short notice for the weekend of Feb. 5-7 - best hotel in Hollywood - can't beat the location. Every room has a view! For a large hotel, the staff is wonderful (especially Raj!) The decor is cool and very cool! Will definitely stay here again!!   
<Date>Feb 9, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hollywood Renaissance Review Pool area was large and looked nice but unable to use due to weather. Gym is standard i.e. 4 treadmills, 2 elliptical  3 cycles, minimal nautiluslow end hand weights. No continental breakfast. Radio in room has cd player. Rooms really small in floor space and in height. My husband 5'11 hit the ceiling w/ his hands while putting on his shirt. A bit claustrophobic. No ventilation. Had a smoking room and couldn't stand it. Went outside to smoke. Internet $9.00/day. DO NOT even touch the mini bar. If you even pick up an item to look at it, your electronically billed for the item. If you use the item and replace, you will be billed 2x. Area is major tourist and safe during the day. A homeless guy works the corner by the hotel everyday. Very awkward to pass him daily. You will be asked for money buy vendors and homeless. Area is extremely expensive. Went to a little grocery to buy cokes and a 6 pack of coke was $5.99. Went to lunch at average place got 2 hamburgers, 1 iced tea, 1 appetizer and bill total $39.00 plus tip. A $45.00 lunch. So be prepared to spend. Lots of tattoo places, erotic clothing, sex shops for sm, porn clothing/shoes, leather clothing and drug/smoking paraphanelia . If that's your thing, you'll have a great time. In summary, hotel was average and area was rated R.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MrTed
<Content>Cool hotel, great location       This is the view from the rooms on the north side of the hotel.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>gigibebek
<Content>Great hotel Stayed here for a 1 day meeting and it was perfect. I checked in early on a holiday(8 AM) and they had a great room available. Corner room with nice decor, clean and quiet! it would be great for a vacation to sightsee in LA or business.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ritahyde
<Content>Great location! Stayed at the Renaissance this weekend. We enjoyed a great room with a nice view of the pool and the Kodak theatre. The staff there was very accomodating. The mall across the street was handy for shopping, Starbucks, people watching. Great location if you want to stay in the heart of Hollywood.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>HGC
<Content>Central location I booked this hotel for a family vacation during the Christmas break based on reviews I read on this site, and its close proximity to public transportation. My cousin who is from LA cautioned me about the Hollywood location. Based on her safety concerns, we decided to rent a car, parked at the hotel with in and out privileges for $15/day and found it to be a great central location to all the LA sites. Everything was at our finger tips. The connecting mall which has a visitors information center, great restaurants and shops met all our needs. The rooms may not be plush by Beverly Hills standard, but the decor is retro chic and not meant to be. Most important, our room was clean, huge, and had the Hollywood Hills for a view. With the many tourists in the area and the connecting upscale mall, we didn't feel threatened by any safety concerns.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2005
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Renaissance Hotel We booked this hotel through Priceline for $75.00 a night over Thanksgiving, thus we paid half of the lowest price we could find ($149) anywhere online. We were a bit unsure of how we'd be treated since we had gotten our room for such a bargain, but we were treated by the most courteous of staff from the valet to the receptionist, to the maid, and were given a very nice room with a beautiful view. Our room overlooked Hollywood Hills and it was breathtaking at night and by day you could view the Hollywood sign. When we arrived a film crew from DreamWorks was filming a scene for an upcoming movie. It was incredibly cool to be able to watch it all. The movie crew and hotel staff were very open to let us watch as long as we wanted. My son even got an autograph from the film director, Wes Craven. As far as ammenities, the workout gym is nice, however we wish there had been a sauna and jacuzzi. If there was one, we couldn't find it. The pool was outdoors, so it was too cool to enjoy that. The room was extremely nice, with beautiful furnishings. The hotel is connected to a shopping mall, which is connected to the Kodak Theater (Academy Awards) and is right in the middle of the Hollywood Walk of Fame. We had one problem, with a bar bill for liquor we never used from the in-room vending machine, but the hotel took it off our bill without any questions when we told them we had never used the vending machine, and had kept it locked. They really could not have been nicer to us. I would go back to this hotel again. I was not crazy about Hollywood itself, but since we were visiting relatives in the area, it was not the city we were there to enjoy.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>mdvip
<Content>Good, not great What this hotel does well, it does really well - quick and friendly check-in, and a beautiful, large, airy and nicely decorated room. Good bathroom and dressing room, large TV, quiet and effective aircon and 'same day' laundry service that really was same day. The restaurant was also good for breakfast, if a little pricey.Location was fine - handy for Universal Studios - but be aware that Hollywood is pretty seedy.Downsides? Well the maid cleaned the room OK, ie. she dusted, vacuumed and changed the towels, but someone really ought to teach her that making a bed involves more than just ensuring the top cover looks straight. Empty mineral water bottles seemed to offend her as well, as these were left to build into quite a considerable collection by the time we left.The bar was fine, but really would have benefited from staff with a slightly better grasp of English who knew how to smile from time to time.Think we'd try something around Beverly Hills next time.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Dreadful Hotel I am stunned by the positive reactions about this hotel. The rooms were very basic and everything that could be broken in my room, was. The phone, the TV, Internet access, and no hot water. The hotel management had every engineer in my room at one time or another and when they TWICE offered to move me to another room, I packed up and then they told me the other room had already been taken. Appallingly horrific experience, they comped my entire stay, and I will *never* stay there again. Ever.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ProfMagellan
<Content>A good functional hotel Stayed here for a second time. A good functional hotel with friendly and professional staff.Minor gripes: beakfast 20 minutes late on one occasion, faxes are not delivered to the room but are collected from reception, laundry not returned same day (as requested), energy-saving lighting in room too subdued making it hard to read.Major gripe: a nasty fridge kept me awake with its whirring mechanics. Am I the only one who hates the whole idea of the hotel mini-bar? Once cigarettes were freely available; is it not timethat alcohol was made more difficult to obtain?The bed was comfortable, the bathroom nice and modern (though steamed up too easily) and the view of the Hollywood Hills brilliant.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sherjoe
<Content>Hooray for Hollywood I know this is very late, but my husband and I stayed at this hotel in Jan 2004. Our first night we stepped outside the hotel in to a movie premiere at the Chinese theatre for Along Came Polly I saw so many celebrities including Jennifer Aniston, Ben Stiller and Matthew Perry who strolled right in front of me to get to the red carpet. The service was great, room very clean, great view of the hollywood sign. And the location was perfect. It is connected to great shops and restaurants also the Kodak theatre (where the Oscars are held) and the Chinese theatre as well as the Walk of Fame. We took a tour of the stars homes from the Chinese theatre and had a car as well so we could take our own ride through the hills. Very close drive to Universal Studios and and to CBS studios and Warner Brothers studios where we went to tapings of 2 sitcoms, Still Standing and Everybody loves Raymond. Also not a long ride (depending on traffic) to downtown LA where we went to a Laker game. I would hightly recommend this hotel!  
<Date>Nov 3, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bilti
<Content>Great place to stay. Brilliant loved the place, myself, my wife and 14 year old son arrived at about 9.00PM after a long drive having spent the previous night on a ranch in Arizona and looking like the Beverly hillbillies we were welcomed and shown to our room which was great, in the morning looked out of the window and there was the Hollywood sign up on the hill couldn't ask for more.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Business travelers look elsewhere This is an exciting property. Fashionable, vibrant, interesting. Right down to the goldfish in the rooms. But location is not good and traffic is miserable.If you are a foreign tourist and want to see all the Hollywood sights, you will enjoy this hotel. If you are a family on a California vacation, you may be put off by the location. Stay somewhere where it's easier to park. If you are a business traveler (not in the movie industry), avoid at all costs. Too much hassle getting in and out. Self parking is a confusing hike through a big, bloated mall.I've stayed at the Manhattan Beach Marriott and recommend it as a home base. Close to LAX, too.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Inside, Wild Outside In short - great hotel but a difficult location.Location: Hollywood  Highland complex was a little TOO central for my taste. The action - especially on the weekend I was there - was nonstop. This could be invigorating if you're in your mid-20s and seeking adventure. For me, the constant noise and traffic was a real disincentive to leave the hotel. Trying to get back into the hotel at 10 p.m. Saturday night was an exercise in futility - it took 75 minutes just to get through two blocks around the hotel due to the pedestrian  auto traffic!!! Couldn't get back out once I got in - so the location really adversely affected my flexibility in using it as a home base.Hotel: GREAT. Staff was super friendly, the TWIST brunch was one of the best ever - selection and quality - and the room itself was well appointed. Blinds and black out shades are a nice touch to keep the room appropriately lighted. Be careful of the silly snack bar mechanism - it will charge you for simply moving or adjusting the items on it. Also - at this level of hotel, high speed internet and/or wi-fi should be included in the rate, rather than an add-on charge.Overall - great place to stay if you don't plan on seeing much else of the city or its nightclubs. The clubbing crowd is at your hotel!  
<Date>Oct 25, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>"Absolutely the best" My family and I were having a hard time choosing which hotel to stay in during our trip to L.A. We wanted to get the best for our money and with all the hotels in this city it is difficult knowing which one can deliver exactly what you are looking for. I have stayed in Los Angeles many times and have never recieved such a warm welcome and stay as I did at the Renaissance. The rooms are spotless clean, larger than average and all offer wonderful views of either Hollywood Blvd or the hills. The concierge went out of their way to give us excellent information on any question we could come up with. The hotel is connected to the Highland shopping center which is great when you just want to hang around the hotel. It offers a number of eateries and great shops. The architecture of the hotel and shopping center is beautiful. If you are going to a show at the Kodak this hotel is essential! We just can't say enough nice things about this place and will certainly stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ekerr19
<Content>It was pretty good - not as good as we thought it would be... Stayed here last month for a wedding... room was nice. Asked for non-smoking was on a smoking floor, though hotel says otherwise - the smell of smoke was overwhelming. I highly recommend the valet parking if you have a car - very worth the money.The staff are the best part of this establishment, though the room service food is a close second.There were a couple of minor glitches, though nothing to prevent us from staying here again.One other note: The hanging bar in the closet is really low for some strange reason - because we were in town for a wedding, we had floor length gowns, they did not hang properly (dragged on floor by about 6-8 inches), nor was there any other place to hang them.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>writerguyfl
<Content>Pretty Nice Place I did quite a bit of research and finally decided on the Renaissance Hollywood Hotel. It is located in the Hollywood  Highland complex, which makes it a great spot. The complex includes many restaurants, shops, as well as the Kodak Theatre and the studios for Ryan Seacrest On-Air.There are many positives about the hotel. The staff was very professional. I especially appreciated that the Housekeeping staff all said hello in the hallways. That is always a plus in my book. The rooms are good sized. I was in a king bed room with a view towards Downtown LA on the 10th floor. The design of the hotel is modern, but not to the extent where anything is too weird. The windows have wooden blinds and nice blackout shades. The linens on the bed could be softer, but the bed had 7 pillows. Since the hotel is relatively new, I expected more from the bathroom. It is nothing special. I had hoped for a separate water closet or even a separate bath/shower. Also, it is odd that the bathroom has no active fan so the mirror instantly fogs. The one vent in the shower doesn't do enough to exhaust the steam.It is important to note that the hotel and Hollywood  Highland in general are NOT in the best area. I've lived in Downtown and urban areas most of my life. The run-down buildings that surround the complex didn't bother me. However, I walked about seven blocks to the Pantages Theatre and saw my share of homeless, hookers, and many boarded up storefronts. Not everyone will fell comfortable walking off the complex. If you are used to suburbia, you may want to consider another area in town and make a day trip to Hollywood Blvd.All in all, I will stay at the Renaissance Hotel Hollywood again.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>chemicalsuk
<Content>Fantastic! Stayed here for 3 nights and it is a fantastic hotel. We had a room on the 23rd floor, state of the art, with a view of the Hollywood sign and also downtown LA, visible thru a huge window at one side of the room. The service was excellent, if a little mechanical and LA- manicure style (and thats just the guys!). Great location next to the Kodak theatre (home of the Oscars) and Manns Chinese Theatre, walk of fame etc, and the historic Musso  Frank's grill is just up the street.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>wanderer
<Content>Nice place, but not worth the cost The Renaissance Hollywood is a pretty hotel in a trendy, glitzy sort of way (a friend of mine found it pretentious). Because it's the tallest building in Hollywood and sits at the base of the hills, you can get tremendous views--my room overlooked the city as well as some enormous movie billboards.No complaints about the service, though staff's apparently been told to say they're delighted to do things, which comes out sounding mechanical and silly, as any formula would.My room size was adequate, not tiny, not huge.I came for a conference and the room rate averaged $180 per night (+14% tax). Unless you're routinely in the luxe bracket that's too much to spend--there are better bargains in LA. The location is interesting and unusual, especially for LA. Hollywood Boulevard is very walkable, block after block of storefronts, even if a fair number are tatoo and lingerie shops. In many cities, you'd take that walkability for granted, but not in LA. The neighborhood is a remarkable mix of culture and sleaze. The percentage of regular people on the street is much higher than it used to be, but you are likely to encounter some street people. It's probably the leading entertainment location in LA now--plays, movies, clubs. The nearest substantial grocery store is about 3/4 mile away, a real drawback. As some previous posts have mentioned, public transit is excellent. There's not only the subway which goes Downtown, but a slew of nearby buses to take you along Sunset Blvd., over to the Farmers Market and County Museum, and into interesting nearby neighborhoods. You may still want a car or you could save money by renting a car part of the time.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We loved it We had a great time there. We were at the hotel for the big Star Trek Tribute and Farewell for James Doohan and the rest of the original Star Trek cast. Great hotel, great surroundings. Excellent service.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>nevermissBoston
<Content>Great Service We arrived before check in time. We had plans to check our bags and come back later to check in. They told us our room was ready and we could check in at noon!! We were exhausted from our flight and this was a welcoming gesture. The rooms are large and clean as is the bathroom. There was a Star Trek convention taking place at the Hotel.The hotel is so large we did not see or hear the crowds. The service is outstanding. All those at the front desk went out of their way. My only complaint was due to the Star Trek convention, they closed off the drive way. We were not informed of this and had some challenges getting our ride to find us to go to our daughters wedding!!!! Communication is everything!!!  
<Date>Sep 16, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>angie90210
<Content>great hotel Stayed here at the beginning of September for 3 nights and is a lovely hotel, large rooms, helpful staff and very clean and modern. Unfortunately we got a room on the 4th floor with barely a view to speak of, but thats minor really. The best bit was breakfast in the Twist bar. Pancakes, waffles, danish , toast, fruit, cereals, all the fried stuff and a complimentary smoothie. Fantastic. OK, so the hotel is great but the location if you dont have a car is not good at all. Do not go to LA if you dont have wheels because its so large and spread out and the public transport is pointless. Although you have the chinese theatre outside, thats it. I wouldnt walk about in this area alone, especially at night and to get anywhere else is an expensive cab ride away. If you can afford it, stay in Beverly Hills. Much nicer.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2004
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful in every way! Wow... what an experience. We all commented that we have NEVER been treated so well by a hotel staff anywhere! Everyone was so helpful and friendly, the rooms were clean and fully supplied (with a whole extra basket of towels... oh, the luxury!), the valet parking attendants retrieved the car instantly and even handed us cold bottles of water every time we headed out... it was wonderful. The location couldn't be better, especially if you're going to an event at the Kodak Theatre, which you can access without even going out on the street. The AAA package included our valet parking AND the continental breakfast buffet, which had everything you could possibly want! The ONLY negative thing I could possibly say is that there were no refridgerators in the rooms for keeping our own drinks and doggie bags (fortunately with the small portions the L.A. restaurants serve, that was rarely a problem!). The fridges in the rooms are completely stocked with drinks and snacks for sale, but be sure to read the fine print: If you take something out to look at it, you get billed for it! Otherwise, an awesome place.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location and rooms, but don't request a cot! If you want to be near all the tourist sites, this is the hotel for you. It's connected to the Hollywood  Highland shopping complex, so Starbucks, Johnny Rockets and a Sephora are a stone's throw away. The hotel has very nice rooms and a decent swimming pool which we never used because we were too busy exploring LA. The only downside to this hotel is that while guests can request a cot when making reservations, they do not guarantee a cot. My 19-year-old son had to sleep on the floor the first night because they failed to locate a cot after promising us one at check-in.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pentacle
<Content>What a beautiful hotel       View from 19th Floor to Pool Deck..  
<Date>Aug 31, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic! Fantastic hotel! The rooms are so clean and well kept. The staff were very friendly.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awesome Absolutely Wonderful.. I stayed there as part of a trade show, and it was perfect. Service was great, view was great..  
<Date>Aug 12, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SusanCoh
<Content>WOW! My husband, two teenage sons and I just spent 2 nights of our California vacation at the Hollywood Renaissance. What a beautiful hotel...an awesome location...and a great experience. Our two room suite was perfect. Plenty of room for all of us to spread out. The location of the hotel in the Hollywood and Highland complex was wonderful with plenty of places to shop and eat. The accesibility of tourist attractions was also a plus...you're right in the middle of everything. The hotel staff were all very helpful and friendly, we were made to feel very comfortable in every way. The pool area was also very nice. One afternoon my husband and I were enjoying the pool and as I relaxed in one of the chaise lounges sipping my Wolfgang Puck Mai Tai I turned my head to the right and I was looking right at the famous Hollywood sign. All I can say is, WOW!  
<Date>Aug 11, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Judee512
<Content>Absolutely Wonderful Hotel!!! We stayed at the Hollywood Renaissance Hotel for three nights during July 2004. I can't say enough about this great hotel and the exceptional staff. The valet service was the best. Our view of the Hollywood Hills was breathtaking. The rooms were very spacious and extra clean. Everything about it was wonderful. I'm so happy that we chose this hotel, and would highly recommend it.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Snedders
<Content>Excellent Stay We have just spent 4 nights at the Renaissance and we have had a fantastic time. The room was good, location is excellent as were the hotel facilties. We used the swimming pool and the gym both of which were quiet and allowed us to do our own thing. The tube station is 2 min walk away where we got the $1.25 tube ride to Universal Studios - well worth it. Great shopping and food at Hollywood  Highland complex. Most nights we got a cab to Sunset Strip to eat and drink although the hotel bar is really nice and all staff are very friendly and helpful. This was our last stop on our holiday and probably the best value - Vegas and San Fransisco were a lot more expensive to eat and drink.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Honeymoon Heaven       Hotel exterior from mall  
<Date>Aug 9, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>North_Wales_Lass
<Content>Loved it! If you're visiting LA, this has to be the place to stay! The hotel is gorgeous, spacious rooms, a fabulous view of the Hollywood sign, comfy beds and well air-conditioned rooms.The staff were helpful and friendly (apart from the lady in the shop, she tried to short-change me in the shop, and she wouldn't listen to me. Took my mum to persuade her otherwise!), especially in the restaurant. Lovely food there, but a bit pricey and the menu isn't exactly varied. Although, there are lovely places in the Hollywood and Highland complex, which you can get into through a short walkway in the hotel. Some evenings there are VERY LOUD bands playing different music, and there is a very relaxed and safe atmosphere there at night unlike Hollyowwd 3 years ago when we never ventured out of the hotel after 8pm!The metro is about a 5 minute walk away from the hotel, and it's extremely cheap to get a train to Universal Studios, then it's just a short walk to a shuttle stop to get to the park. If you do decide to visit Universal, it may be worthwhile buying a queue-jumping ticket which allows you to get in the front of the line of every ride and show, and gives you reserved seats at all shows, although it may be worthwhile getting to shows a little while before it says to get there on the ticket, especially if it's a busy day. Although it's $50 more than a standard ticket, it's definately worth the money!!!Chinese Mann's Theatre is a short walk away, as is the Walk of Fame and the Kodak theatre. If you wish to visit the latter, visit the leaflet stand at the hotel, as there is a discount voucher there. When we went, it was a quite day so we got to sit in the chairs that celebrities sat in, and we also got to stand on the stage! This hotel is definately worth a visit once!!!  
<Date>Aug 8, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Saysum
<Content>Hollywood at its Best I spent the weekend there in June for my wife's birthday. We have lived in California all of our lives but never did the Hollywood Thing. So I found a great deal on their website that included two nights and two day access to Universal studios. It also included breakfast each mornging and parking. It was a great deal. We got to the hotel late and I asked if there was any room upgrade. They were able to bump us up to the deluxe room which was great. We didn't have a great view but that was ok. The room was big and had a nice sitting area. I loved the decor. IT was modern and very unique. The room was very clean and looked very new. The bed was really really comfortable with more than enough pillows. I could have slept all day. I loved Twist, breakfast was really good. You must try the smoothies. The enviornment is great for a weekend getaway. Lots of good places to eat nearby.My only complaint was that I wanted to take advantage of the free shoe shine. I called multiple times and they kept promising someone would pick up my shoes but then never came. I complained about this and got free drinks instead. Otherwise a great/hip hotel to spend the weekend at.Danny  
<Date>Aug 7, 2004
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Renaissance was great The Renaissance was great - fun d茅cor, great view, great toiletries. Everyone at the hotel was very helpful with information. The location is wonderful just because you have easy access to everything. From what I saw of LA, it's not a walking town anyway so you may as well be close to the things you want to do. There are lots of food choices at Hollywood and Highland, Ryan Seacrest is right there (although we didn't get in as it was Ashley Simpson day). The pool area is great and we were able to see Ryan Seacrest filming promotional stuff in the courtyard from the 5th floor pool. Graumann's is right next door. Great view of the Hollywood sign. Loved the Warner Brothers tour (15 min. drive). Great hotel but glad to leave Hollywood after 2 days (traffic is a nightmare).  
<Date>Aug 2, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location Stayed here for 2 nights 15th and 16th July. Got a very good deal booking directly with hotel over internet - the Universal 2 night package which included 2 two day passes to Universal, and breakfast for 2 in their restaurant - which was very good. Very modern hotel with large clean rooms. There was plenty of room for 2 adults and 2 kids. Large spotlessly clean bathroom, great view from 16th floor of the Hollywood sign. Good location next to Hollywood and Highland shopping and restaurant complex, we had a great meal at a restaurant called The Grill (I think). Easy access to Kodak theatre and Universal Studios. Metro is within a 2 minute walk and costs $1.25 each (please note that the machines only accept $1 and $5 bills). It takes about 5 minutes on the train. Shuttle bus at the other end takes another few minutes to Universal City Walk. I would definitely recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ClaireR
<Content>Fab Hotel in LA I spent four nights here recently and was incredibly impressed with the hotel. Funky and modern throughout it was a wonderful place to stay. It's right next door to the Kodak theatre shopping complex and the Graumanns Chinese Theatre. Rooms are all very well appointed and the higher up you are the better the view of the city and the Hollywood hills. The pool is also a massive plus especially with the warm weather of LA. It's a good place to do some star spotting, Avril Lavigne was there at the same time as us. The only problem is that without a car it was very difficult to get around LA. To get most places you will either have to walk or take several buses. However, the hotel was a lovely place to relax and take things easy and get a taste of Hollywood.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2004
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fun and Funky at the Renaissance Hollywood Hotel What a great hotel! Modern fun and funky decor.The entire Hollywood and Highland complex is a great edition to the Hollywood area. As a return visitor to LA what a change this area has undergone. Whilst it is an area clearly catering for tourists its a good location for a first timer to base themselves in spreadout LA. The rooms were huge and I had a great view of downtown LA and the Hollywood sign from the 19th floor. I nearly drowned in bath towels - so many were supplied in my bath room. My only complaint I couldnt store anything in the hotel fridge, if you took anything out of the mini bar you were charged. I like to have real milk in my coffee not the powdered stuff. So that was a bit of a pain. If you are into American Idol this is the place to be. The 12 days I was staying coincided with the American Idol finals and whilst I am not a fan of the show (wrong age bracket) if you are a fan you would have seen many of the Idol contestants and the judges coming in and out of the hotel.In fact if you are into doing the whole Hollywood thing celebrity spotting etc this is the hotel for you. The premiere of Raising Helen with Kate Hudson was across the road at the beautiful El Capitan theatre while I was staying.  Transport has improved tenfold since my last visit with the Metro being built. There is a stop at Hollywood and Highland. Its one stop away from Universal Studios. I found it was a clean safe and easy way to get around.  Apart from the non existent personality of the guy at check in, I found the staff to be friendly and helpful. (Maybe he was having a bad day or was rehearsing his starring role as Marcel Marceau!) A great place to stay in a good location. I note the comments of others about the area being seedy after dark I cant say I noticed anything unusual when I was out and about in the area at night.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nicest hotel in area Just returned from 2 nights at this hotel. Room was exceptionally nice; amenities, bedding  furnishings first class. Several movie stars were in the hotel along with us! It is adjacent to the Kodak Theatre and a mall. Although a high touristy area, it is rough at night. Stay in after dark.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>location location location This property should be listed as a flagship of Renaissance properties. As a Marriott Rewards member..I look forward to staying at all their brands because of the consistancy. This property is a shining example of what a hotel should be. Location, friendly staff, great design (loved the tashen lamps in twist. Parking is a nightmare and I suggest self parking at the ramp the connects the Renaissance, Manns Chineese, and the mall. It's 12.00 a day with in/out priv. versus the valet parking at 28.00 plus tip! The food is gteat at Twist and is worth the cost. There is, hoever a huge mall connected to the hotel and provised fine dining and fast food fare for those of us who are on a budget. FYI the pool area is cool but is NOT owned by the hotel. Wolfgang Puck owns it and rents it out for parties. While I was there the noise was so loud into the wee hours of the morning due to a HOOTERS convention. I was assured that this is not a regulat occurance and adfter a call to the front desk, it quieted down. Views of the city are great, vast, and plentyful with help of the panoramic windows in every roon..but beware they do not open so one is forced to breather dry, recycled air :) Guess thats a positive considering it LA! DO STAY at this hotel, you'll love it! Oh the subway stops right below the hotel so getting places like Universal are easier than ever and cheaper considering that parking at Universal is 12.00! The subway is 1.25 one way and brings you right to the Universal City stop where a shuttle brings you to the theme park. Well worth it!   
<Date>May 10, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The perfect tourist hotel! After spending hours on line trying to find the perfect place to stay we stumbled upon this hotel and immediately made reservations. We just got back and I have to say all the reviews were right on. Room wise, they were spacious and very well decorated and very clean. We even had a pet fish in our room. Service was outstanding and the staff was very friendly and Delighted to help at all times. We had requested a view of the hills and ended up with a view of the city. I decided to call and see what could be done and they immediately showed up with keys to 3 different rooms that we could choose from. Once we did she went to get us new keys and had them sent up. When we got them she had upgraded us to a room on the Club Level which was even more beautiful than the other room. They really made us feel great in every way. Above all this you are right where they film 'On Air with Ryan Seacrest'  'Jimmy Kimmle Live' plus Grauman Chineese Theater and Walk of Fame are steps away. I just cannot say enough about this place. I miss it already! I recommend it to everyone!  
<Date>May 5, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>davsyd
<Content>Great Hotel but had something a little strange This is a great hotel. The rooms are very modern, spacious and have a very clean feel about them. We also had a great view of the street and the hollywood sign. The only strange thing that happened was when we first arrived to our room there was old room service plates, cups, trays etc.. outside our room-door. We just ignored it and then went out for dinner and came back about 4 hours later and it was still there. Apart from this little hiccup the hotel is wonderful. The location is excellent with direct access into the Highland Shopping Complex, that also leads staright to the new metro system that got us to Universal Studios in about 5 mins. The hotel is expensive compared to say the Holiday Inn up the road but it is worth it.Stay here!  
<Date>May 1, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best place to stay while your away in Hollywood If you want a chance to see stars, stay in a location that allows you to take inexpensive (public) transportation and don't mind small shop food, this is the perfect location.Check out what previews are happing at either the Kodak or Mann Theaters. Take the train to Universal Studios for the day. Rent a car for 1 day and go to Warner Bros. Studio (A MUST SEE). The small food shops in the Mall had good mexican food and pizza and the coffee shop on the second floor was excellent. They also offer a great fruit salad.You can take a bus to the Farmers Market and Rodeo Drive and the LeBrea Tar Pits/ Art Museum. All in all - Burger King and McD's were short walks for Breakfast and the many unique characters at night made for a most entertaining stay.We were also in a filming of JAG (in the Mall) and we were almost run over by the many stars from The Rock's Walking Tall movie premier, including Michael Clarke Duncan  Natasha Henstridge. WOW. If we go back - my wife and 2 teenage daughters, we would certainly stay at the Renaissance. Did I mention that the view from the hotel of Hollywood Hill was incredible and the the room was clean and service exceptional - everyone.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Foxpro
<Content>Absolutely wonderful - pros outnumber cons We (my girlfriend and I) stayed at this hotel from 4/6/04 to 4/9/04. I booked online through swa vactions so basically, it was about $200.00 cheaper than booking the flight/hotel separately. When we got there, I asked about upgrading to the executive suite since it has an oversized bathroom. They upgraded me for free (even after I said I would pay the difference). Our room was on the Hollywood Hills side (where you can see the Hollywood sign from your room). The reception group (bellmen, concierge, the entire staff) could not have been nicer. We are not rich by any means, and I'm sure the staff at the hotel could tell that, but they never looked down upon us. Some people have said some things about the service, but I can't complain at all. We tipped housekeeping $4.00 a night (I don't know how much you're supposed to tip - I usually just do $2.00, but since we had a bigger room...) Even then, I don't know if that's high, low, good enough??? We planned on going to Universal Studios, seeing Ryan Seacrest On-Air, and hoping to catch a glimpse of stars (The Whole Ten Yards premiere was at the Graumann's Chinese Theatre while we were there). If you go to see Ryan, get there by 7:30. We went 2 days and barely got in the first day (7:30 arrival in line). The next day, I got in line at 7:00 and was 6th in line (sat front row-make a creative sign and they'll sit you up front). Ok, back to the hotel. The bathroom in the executive suite is oversized, but basically, they just added a table along the opposite wall from the sink. The problem is this: I was hoping for 2 sinks - there was plenty of room for 2. Plus, I was hoping for a separate shower. Once again, there was plenty of room for this. This suite was definitely bigger than a regular room, but no big deal. In order to watch TV, you basically had to move the couch to be in front of it; otherwise, you had to watch it from an angle (from the bed or the couch). They had a chair that faced the TV, but if more than 1 person wants to watch TV, then this layout is useless. Still though, it was great, and in the end, the 2 sink thing and separate shower thing didn't bother me. This hotel is in an absolutely perfect location. We did not rent a car since we didn't need to go sightseeing outside of the area. Some people say you should rent a car, others say no need. If you don't mind spending $20.00 a day to park your car at the hotel plus the rental fees for the car, plus paying for parking many other places you go, then go ahead and rent a car. We ended up spending $100.00 total for a cab. The subway ($1.25 per person per trip or $3.50 per person all day) is 1 stop (5 minutes) away from Universal Studios - and it's not scary to ride. All in all, the money spent on this hotel was well worth it. We planned this trip perfectly. The Whole Ten Yards premiere was on 4/7/04 at the Graumann's Chinese Theatre (right by the hotel). We saw Bruce Willis, Matthew Perry, Natasha Henstridge, Amanda Peet, and many others. Matthew Perry even gave us his autograph. We also saw John Travolta and Uma Thurman shooting on the set of Be Cool (they were shooting in front of the Graumann's Theatre). Like I said before - PERFECT LOCATION.Pros: Many things are very very close by: The walk of fame Graumann's Chinese Theatre (where premieres are held) Kodak Theatre Numerous shops and restaurants (best eatery is Fresh Fire Kabobs - don't miss it!!!! Johnny Rocket's wasn't all that good. Metro Railway (subway) - goes to downtown LA, Universal, many other places - even within free shuttle distance of LAX (we used it for Universal only) Ryan Seacrest On-Air Cons: 1. Twist Restaurant at breakfast. We ate there on our last day - $16.00 each for the buffet (including drinks). Unfortunately, our waiter never came back to refill my OJ - he actually didn't show up again until he brought the check. He didn't care that we were there. We should have gone across the street to get donuts. 2. $40-$50 for the cab ride to/from the airport (LAX). This is true, of course, for anything since LA is 30 miles away from LAX. Burbank Airport is closer, so you might want to look into that airport.All in all, I give this 5 stars - You can't beat it. It is absolutely the best hotel I've stayed in (of course, it costs more than any other hotel I've been in). We don't stay in $60 hotels any more - they suck. I find hotels that cost $90 or more. This one is $200 a night. Well worth it. When I go back to Hollywood, I have no doubt where I'll stay. Make sure and tip the guys (bellmen, housekeeping, etc.) - It's not that much money, and they remember you! The receptionist (Gerald) that checked us in even remembered my name 3 days later - awesome job!  
<Date>Apr 15, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>canadianvacationer
<Content>Great deal and location Wow, We were upgraded to a suite (due to a pre booking expense charged in error) and were quite happy to find us in a large 1000 sq foot suite overlooking the pool and kodak theatre. We found the location superb you are really only 10 minutes from Universal Studios / Warner Brothers etc. Grohmans Theatre with it's movie stars hand imprinted concrete displays along hollywood blvd. is attached to the hotel via a hugh shopping complex. Great place to shop and eat. The 2 day Universal package was a great deal and you can upgrade it at Universal for a slightly higher fee. The hotel staff were friendly and responsive. The only thing I did not like is all the bell hops and car staff are always looking for tips. By the time we got to our room 4 different people handled our luggage and each expected a tip. I didn't tip them all. Watch if you wander around Hollywood blvd after dark as the strip turns seedy. During the day no problems. I will definately stay here again.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2004
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Area, excellent hotel I took my step daughter and niece and their boyfriends to L.A. for a graduation gift in March, and I couldn't have selected a more perfect place to stay. Very centrally located, as well as being right in the middle of an excellent shopping area. I felt very secure, even on Hollywood Blvd. I have two young children also, and this is a place I would have felt comfortable with them as well. We didn't even make it to the hotel restaurant, there were so many good ones in the area. Rooms were very clean, service was excellent, we even saw the filming of a Britney Spears video and they got pictures with all the American Idol contestants (who were staying at the hotel.) Ryan Sechrest Live tapes here each weekday as well, and we lucked out with a movie premiere at the El Capitan theatre on Hollywood Blvd. Highly recommend it!  
<Date>Mar 31, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel, a few little things let it down We stayed 4 nights here in February. This hotel is just gorgeous - very clean, modern and unique, great view and HUGE comfortable beds. One of the loveliest actual hotels I've stayed in.There were only a few minor things that made it a little less than perfect.  1. After our first night we did not tip housekeeping (it was our first night in the USA, we'd arrived late, were very jetlagged and unaware of this custom) and when we arrived back that night our TV was unplugged, toiletries were not replaced and one of the bathrobes was missing (which I was almost charged $55 for!). Could be just a coincidence though... 2. Messy room service trolleys from neighbouring rooms were not cleared for at least 12 hours. 3. Front desk were not exactly friendly and definately below US standards. 4. The neighbourhood is still a little seedy after the tourists have gone. We went into McDonalds after hours and were in the presence of some 'interesting' people.One other little thing - beware of the sensored mini bar that registers a charge if you pick something up to read it (although it was not that expensive).  
<Date>Mar 18, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We loved it! I really hate staying at hotels, because, I'll admit it, I'm a germophobe. Hotels always give me the creeps, because they're never REALLY clean. But this is the CLEANEST, most bright and sparkling hotel I have ever been to. The beds are very comfortable, the bathrooms are new, everything was perfect. I will definitely stay there any time I go to Hollywood. I am so glad that I came here and read all the reviews, becuse now I have found a gem.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Chrispmoto
<Content>We loved this place  We loved this place. Lots to do, cool rooms and views, we had great breakfasts at Vert, and everyone was real nice. I would stay here again for sure. And so should you. We did the two night/Universal Studios package. Great deal.   
<Date>Feb 28, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Monica-in-Mobile
<Content>Very enjoyable I really enjoyed my stay. It was very clean. The staff was very pleasant. My only complaint was the restaurant. The restaurant staff looked my husband and I up and down like we did not belong. We didn't! The food was disgusting! The hotel is in a great location for tourists!  
<Date>Feb 17, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>GinaShelden
<Content>What a hotel! Stayed at RHH for the Grammy weekend, what an excellent place! I would reccomend to all that want to experience Hollywood the right way. Walking distance to all great shops  entertainment. Very pleased  will stay there each trip to the city.  
<Date>Feb 11, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>taylor1851
<Content>Loved it and saw celebrities!! We recently stayed in the Renaissance 1/6-1/8 the weekend of the 2004 Grammies. Had a spectacular time--very spacious, clean rooms. We had excellent room service. We had one problem with a front desk person who was VERY rude but other than that it was great. We saw Outkast, B2K and Hillary Duff--vert exciting. Restaurant in hotel was pricey and did not have a huge selection. Also, great location!!  
<Date>Feb 9, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>My opinion Went with wife  14yo daughter over X-mas for two nites on 1st trip to LA. Spent previous three nites at Beverly Hills Hotel. Definitely a step down in luxury, but is it worth the $200/nite difference. That's an individual call, but for me, no (when compared to B.H. Hotel). Renaissance has all the amenities and the local attractions are right there. Rooms are fairly spacious and clean. View of Hollywood sign from any room is not spectacular ( too far away). Although room is relatively cheap ($135), the food and parking are not. What it comes down to is what you are willing to spend. There are no exclusives with the local attractions that would require a stay here. The views are not breathtaking and the level of service does not match a five star hotel. I don't think you can go wrong at the Renaissance, if you need to stay in Hollywood. But you could probably do just as well at a cheaper hotel without really compromising anything. If I were to do it over, I think I would spend some money, stay at a luxury hotel in downtown LA: 4 Seasons, Peninsula, Ritz Carlton, and plan my days with focused activities. Such as Universal Studios, Hollywood, Rodeo Dr, Santa Monica Pier, etc. Hope this helps.  
<Date>Feb 8, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Christmas stay is wonderful! My stay just a year ago just before Christmas was wonderful. The magic was truly in the air. I plan on bringing my children next year at that time as I was on a business trip the first time we stayed.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it. I stayed at the Renaissance a year and a half ago for a weekend getaway and loved it. Beautiful hotel, friendly staff, nice amenities, great location. Since it's an expensive hotel, though, I will say this: The dining room menu isn't what it should be, and the fare was merely average. It seems that the bulk of the hotel's money went into creating a beautiful lobby and dining area, because the rooms weren't much different than the rooms anywhere else. (And I'm still annoyed that my robe was waffle, and not terry!) I will say this, though - overall, my experience here was pleasant enough to make me a loyal customer of the Marriot chain, particularly the Renaissance brand. (The one in Indian Wells CA is *amazing*.)All in all, I would recommend this hotel to anyone willing to pay a bit more for great service (hotel staff was wonderful all the way around) and lovely surroundings. It is a great hotel - a touch overpriced, but then, what would you expect on Hollywood Blvd? Great for tourists, to be sure.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2004
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect This hotel was just perfect.I stayed at the Renaissance for two days while in Los Angeles and I have nothing to complain about. It has a very modern style-the style I prefer,by the way-,a big,bright lobby,nice,big and mega cosy rooms equipped with everything you need,enclosed a CD player! The restaurants are excellent but terribly pricey. I especially loved the outdoor pool,with a breathtaking view over LA. I can't forget to spend some words for the great Hollywood and Highland complex,whihc the hotel is directly connected to. I really hope to come back at the Renaissance sometime in the future!  
<Date>Dec 8, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>johnlaw100
<Content>Great hotel to start a vacation I really enjoyed staying here with my family. We were upgraded to the concierge floor despite having paid a low internet rate. This gave us access to a small but pleasantly decorated club room which had complimentary continental breakfast. Despite being aimed at business people we were given a warm welcomeVery pleasant rooms. Well located for Hollywood attractions and Universal Studios.From a family point of view 2 nights was enough but this says more about the area than the hotel  
<Date>Oct 30, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>made our trip We stayed for three nights, and loved the place. The view was great, the room was even better, the lobby and hotel has to been seen. It is close to everything. Had a great dinner at Vert. Only one thing kept us from giving it a 10. The front desk staff could use some training.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Extremely relieved and satisfied!! First trip to California. Was a bit apprehensive about staying in Hollywood but heard good things about the Renaissance Hollywood. ALL TRUE!! Location is the best for a first time visitor, just steps from walk of fame and Mann's Chinese Theater.Everything was spotless with a great retro/ contemporary decor. Very stylish. Beds were extremely comfortable.Did not hear any noise from hall or other rooms. Had a wonderful view of the city, room very spacious, wonderful shower massage. Room service was very good but only had a late night snack of chicken wings and cheese/crackers. Staff was extremely courteous and helpful.Had a wonderful experience, would definitely stay again if returning to LA area.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>alanreynolds
<Content>Glitzy hotel but some service failings As other correspondents write, this is a very new and modern design hotel with many good features: superb location, excellent views, on top of subway station (meaning you can get to LAX airport for under USD 2.00), large breakfast room, friendly service. We stayed there Sept 30 and Oct 1, 2003. On day 2 our room had not been cleaned by 15.45 (and then we had to request it). On both days the outdoor pool was out of bounds to guests (as there was a private function on the terrace) and little warning was given. On pressing we were offered access to pool of Roosevelt Hotel about 200 yards away (better pool, though hotel itself in need of renovation). For USD 179 per night plus taxes, we expected everything to be available; and it was not!  
<Date>Oct 5, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved The Renaissance Hollywood My uncle and i stayed at the Renaissance Hollywood Hotel from the 22nd September until the 29th. When we first walked in it was very spaciously set out with lovely bright coloured carpets and wallpaper. we were taken to our room on the 16th floor and could not believe how much there was . It was only a standard room but there was plenty of space and i must say i have never sleapt on more comfortable pillows in my life. when i awoke in the morning and pulled up the blinds there in all its glory was the Hollywood sign in the distance and the view was great. The Hotel has a corridor on the 3rd floor which takes you into Babylon Court an excellant shopping centre were we would get something to eat and sit at one of the tables in the middle of the court with the sun shinning on us and people walking by taking photos of everything. It was by far the best Hotel i have ever stayed in and that includes Ceasers Palace in Vegas, I hope to return some day in the near future and would recommend it to anyone.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Must Stay Here! I am contacting you regarding my recent stay at the Renaissance Hollywood Hotel (Aug. 17-23, 2003). I picked this hotel partly due to comments I had read on your site from satisfied customers. I am pleased to say that the hotel lived up to its reputation. The hotel is fairly knew, is kept impeccably clean and the staff are very friendly. I had absolutely no complaints at all while I was there. I would recommend this hotel to anyone who wants to be in the midst of the tourist area, as many attractions are close by. In addition, there is an entertainment complex attached to the hotel for dining options. I can say so many good things about this hotel!  
<Date>Sep 19, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent hotel We stayed one nite on reward points and they gave us a spacious room with excellent views. The hotel and rooms are new with all the ameneties you need. Room service, houskeeping were excellent as were all the other services. The gym is well equiped but a little cramped. Location is ideal for Hollywood attractions and Universal Studios. Expectations satisfied !  
<Date>Sep 19, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jodeadbere1
<Content>Fabulous love it! Love it! Delighted! this was a fantastic hotel staff very friendly. was upgraded to exec suite because award were on at Hollywood Boulevard so was very pleased. excellent location. if u tryied the food u would not want to try anywere else it was lovely.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cj515
<Content>Best hotel in Hollywood and LA!   showReview(1276798, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 8, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It was great   showReview(1230405, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 17, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Renaissance is the Only place to stay!   showReview(1129818, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 7, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awesome!   showReview(1020373, 'full');   
<Date>May 17, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awesome!   showReview(983875, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 27, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Renaissance Hollywood!   showReview(925055, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 27, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Incredible Retro Style Hotel   showReview(855143, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 10, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Hollywood Renaissance   showReview(850247, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 30, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>You MUST stay at the Renaissance Hollywood Hotel!!   showReview(752467, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 15, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Holy cow what a hotel!   showReview(383807, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 6, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MongoFury
<Content>Excellent Hotel       Vue d'une chambre au 17猫me 茅tage  
<Date>Jan 2, 2009
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>parri
<Content>Bien situado en Hollywood       vista desde la habitacion  
<Date>Oct 28, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>paco2005
<Content>Ottimo hotel- consiglitassimo   showReview(20745122, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 9, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	2	4	-1	

<Author>nefertari15
<Content>銉忋儶銈︺儍銉夈亴鐩伄鍓?#x201d;   showReview(19304558, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 24, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	3	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>idealement situ茅, tr茅s bon hotel   showReview(19633168, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉︺儖銉愩兗銈点儷銈广偪銈搞偑銇搞倐鍦颁笅閴勩仹涓€椐呫€?#x201d;   showReview(19914781, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sofort wieder!   showReview(19633167, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 3, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>gmpcare
<Content>Attention, ceci n'est pas un 'Renaissance' ! M锚me pas un Courtyard   showReview(17997926, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 18, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	5	4	3	1	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉儉銉宠銇儧銉嗐儷   showReview(19171963, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 20, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Perfekte Lage in Hollywood!   showReview(16588321, 'full');   
<Date>May 29, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>laura080
<Content>ottima scelta   showReview(15386483, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr gutes Hotel   showReview(14729097, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 21, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>JeanCharles
<Content>Moderno Hotel Grandissime Stanze !!   showReview(13448861, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 11, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	5	2	1	3	4	

<Author>francyr66
<Content>Anche per chi non ha l'auto!       room  
<Date>Jan 19, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>HOLLYWOOD銈点偆銉炽伄瑕嬨亪銈嬮儴灞?#x201d;   showReview(19166709, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 30, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Zu teuer fuer das Gebotene   showReview(11661758, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 30, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉忋儶銈︺儍銉夈伄涓績銇亗...   showReview(21802922, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 27, 2007
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Das Top-Hotel um Hollywood zu erkunden   showReview(11439877, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>adelt17
<Content>ottimo hotel per turimo   showReview(8126614, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 16, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>lolousa12
<Content>Un Hotel Fabuleux !!!       Vue de la chambre MAGIQUE  
<Date>Jun 11, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>RomEtSandInTheUSA
<Content>Hotel impersonnel, mais assez bien situ茅   showReview(7751827, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 3, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	5	2	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>瑷倷鍏呭疅   showReview(19157247, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 1, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>娓呮綌鎰熴伄銇傘倠銉涖儐銉?#x201d;   showReview(19156370, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 12, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>nick1979
<Content>Top Hotel in Top Lage       Hotel - Centerside by night  
<Date>Dec 22, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍊ゆ銇倧銈娿伀銇棆   showReview(19155703, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 26, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇亱銇亱銇с仐銇熲槅   showReview(19930099, 'full');   
<Date>May 31, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉儘銉冦偟銉炽偣銆€銉忋儶銈︺儍銉?#x201d;   showReview(19929936, 'full');   
<Date>May 8, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇撱伄銉涖儐銉伀锛曢€ｆ硦銇?..   showReview(19926617, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 16, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉偣銈兂銈笺儷銈广仹涓€鐣?..   showReview(19924839, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 4, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉忋儶銈︺儍銉夈儚銈ゃ儵銉炽儔...   showReview(19920975, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 2, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

