<Author>JB4
<Content>superb and I should know I have stayed at many top luxury hotels in the world and I must say this is up there with the best.Rooms,restaurant,staff etc.. are all superb.I am super critical but find this hotel difficult to fault.The rooms are spacious,luxurious,quiet,great views etc..The staff take service to the next level.This includes the concierge,door staff,housekeeping etc..The cafe Too is probably the best restuarant buffet style I have been to.It is precision at it highest with superb quality and choice throughout.The only criticism if any is that the food and drink service at the lovely pool area could be promoted better by staff attending to your every need at your sunbed.But in one word SUPERB HOTEL.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Stich_B
<Content>One of the world's best! I've been fortunate to stay at some of the world's best hotels, and this is up there... just sensational... the lobby, the bars, the rooms, (most of) the room views. And the pool... for a city centre pool this is hard to beat -- you can almost touch the amazing Bank of China building, and when the light falls this is an amazing place to be. The service is world class... its almost impossible to find faultA world class hotel and a benchmark for almost all.... The Penninsular seems a bit out of the way in comparison!  
<Date>Dec 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>roppongi
<Content>still the best hotel in hkg best service. best pool. best restaurants. best room size.over numerous stays at the island shang it always amazes me how they go beyond the normal to make every stay special. something about this hotel just makes it more welcoming than the conrad or marriott which it shares the area with.great facilities to keep children happy.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>akm01
<Content>An Excellent Experience       Executive Suite Bathroom  
<Date>Dec 12, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>char645
<Content>Impeccable Service The Shangri-La chain once again proved to me their industry-leading strength in comfort and service. Upon check-in, we upgraded to a deluxe room which entails a larger living area, free in-room wi-fi, breakfast at the top floor restaurant, and more. They were unable to accommodate our party of three with a room with two beds, but we found that most of our hotels in Asia had only king or two twin rooms, although the rolloway bed was the most comfortable one I slept on the entire trip.The room was beautifully decorated and had a high-floor view of Victoria Harbour and the forest of skyscrapers in Kowloon. The bathroom featured a separate television, which only prolonged me in getting ready in the morning while I watched CNN.Beneath the hotel on the street level are a series of restaurants and Pacific Place, a Versailles-sized shopping mall selling anything from high-end purses to unlocked, imported iPhones. We were able to walk from mall to mall and find ourselves on the other side of the city. The hotel is in an excellent location adjacent to Hong Kong Park and is only a short walk to the central business district.What was most impressive of the hotel was perhaps their service. We forgot to pack an extra power adapter, so we made a visit to the gift shop in the lobby. They didn't sell any there, but they promised they would send a loaner to our room. The adapter beat us to our room. The front desk staff were also very willing to give good directions, and the doormen had a bevy of local knowledge. They also would write our cab number on a slip of paper in case we forgot valuables inside the cab.The hotel's elegance, service, and convenient location made it the perfect place to stay in Hong Kong-- but for USD$500/night, it better be.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>luftmdlg
<Content>My preferred hotel! This was my Sixth or Seventh stay at the Island Shangri la. I stay at many hotels but this one is absolutely my preferred one. Rooms are comfortable (suites even better...) view is fantastic.Service is willing and efficient. Breakfast is the best I ever experienced at any hotel. Staff make you feel at home.At one of my our stays my family had three suites. We ordered a complicated room service order (Japanese, Indian Chinese and Italian dishes). Everything arrived at the same time, in the right temperature and very tasty. Can't wait for the new New york, Paris  London Shangri la hotels to open.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>irishpines
<Content>Luxury with a view Spent three nights here during our honeymoon, and the staff went out of their way to make it special. The room was excellent with a fabulous harbour view. As far as accommodation and service were concerned, it's one of my best hotel experiences. The only downsides to our stay were (1) the dinner in the hotel's haute cuisine restaurant, Petrus, which was good, but not good enough for the prices charged (our best meals in HK were in Nobu and in M at the Fringe); and (2) the afternoon tea in the lounge in the Shangri La, which didn't live up to the standards of a five star hotel.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>hoboesque
<Content>has become a HK classic I'm in HK very often on business and stay in a mid-range hotel (Bishop Lei, see entry in TripAdvisor) but this time a client paid for a couple of nights in the Shang. I used to stay there many years ago when, after the Asian crisis, rooms were about the same price as the Bishop Lei is now! The Island Shang always used to feel very brash and arriviste compared with the grandes dames of the Oriental and the Peninsular, but it's matured well and has become a real classic. The service, in particular, is off-the-scale attentive, practical, polite, and effective, as only the Hongkies and the Swiss deluxe hotels can pull off.The decor is dress to impress chinoiserie, like it or hate it, but it has scale and grandeur. All rooms are high floors (the middle of the building is offices) so even the Peak view (=rooms at the back) have great views. Nice bathrooms, not as high-tech as some super-5 star hotels, but big baths and plentiful toiletries including bath salts, a great touch. The rooms are big and comfortable, with big desks, and a kettle (hooray!). The minuses are that the internet is very expensive and rather idiosyncratic (had to re-log in every time I opened a new browser window), and the minibar is predictably outrageously priced.The pool was closed for a party one day, and closed for emergency cleaning the next (must have been quite the party!) but the Conrad's 25m pool is one minute's walk away and offered reciprocal usage. Room service was fast and good, and breakfast in the cafe was comprehensive, pleasing the highly cosmopolitan clientele (contrast the almost club-like concentration of middle-aged white men you'd find at breakfast in the Mandarin's Grill Room).But the main take-away is that this has matured into a really classy high-end hotel, with its own character. Paris Hilton becomes Judy Dench... well, not quite, but give it another quarter-century and it'll be there!  
<Date>Sep 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>tiggsey
<Content>Loved the Island Shanrgi-La We stayed at the Island Shangri-la at the beginning of our honeymoon and from the moment of arrival everything was perfect. We received a room upgrade to a harbour view room and complimentary champagne, fruit and a congratulations card. The view from the room was just spectacular, almost like a movie back drop!. The room was both luxourious and comfortable with the bathroom featuring a flat screen tv, an enormous shower and twin sinks.As always at Shangri-La's the service was first class without being intimidating. special praise should go to the guys at the pool who not only made up the sunbeds for us but also supplied us with cold towels and complimentary bottles of water.The Cantonese restaurant is well worth a visit, the best food we had during our Hong Kong stay. We can also recommend a drink or two in the lobster bar and grill, a very pleasant way to start and end a night out!. If possible pay the extra for the buffet breakfast it will be one of the best breakfast experiences you can have!, so much choice but more importantly freshly cooked in front of you at the many food stations. All in all we couldn't fault the Island Shangri-La and would definately recomend it for any stay in Hong Kong  
<Date>Sep 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BSA126
<Content>Old Oriental Luxury       Welcome Tea and Fruit  
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>srhmmj
<Content>Always a treat to be back The Island Shangri-La is a favorite.For the first couple of days of my stay, I got a high-floor, Peak-view room which had all of the standard features of an Island Shangri-La room. The last night, I was moved to a superior, Harbour View room which has some upgraded features, like a much bigger bathroom (now with a separate shower).The rooms are big and the bed is one of the most comfortable that I know. Nice, big, flat-screen TV (shame about the relatively limited number of TV channels for Westerners). The Internet connection (wired or wireless) offers great speed and the room also features a fax/printer.Want to have a comfortable evening; enjoy a bath, watching the TV in the bathroom and then order some of the great food for room service ... what a treat.The restaurants are of very good quality and breakfast offers a very good buffet with Chinese and western favorites.Tried to make use of the Business Center facilities but was discouraged due to the very high price (HK$20 per page for scanning; that is just way too much for me).  
<Date>Aug 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>red_mox
<Content>Luxury and Great Views I had a great stay here. While the decor is not as modern I loved the old school luxury feel (chandelier and all). Nice plush carpets and an unbeatable view from the room. Everything was very clean. The TV in the bathroom was a novelty as well. Convenient walk to the huge malls as well, though the location may be more suited to the business traveler.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KfromBelfast
<Content>Superb My boyfriend and I stayed for 2 nights in a harbour view room and it was fantastic. The room itself was beautifully decorated (as was the rest of the hotel) and spacious with an extremely comfortable bed.Good toiletries and wow, what a view!The staff were friendly and helpful. We ordered breakfast to our room both days and the food was delicious.The location of the hotel is very good for getting around the city- we got a taxi to the star ferry on our first night and also used the convenient MTR in the shopping centre below the hotel.Afternoon tea is a must- it was a lovely experience!Our only disappointment was arriving at the hotel on Saturday night thinking of going to the hotel bar and finding that it was closed. Probably did us no harm anyway!;-)  
<Date>Aug 7, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Elenriel
<Content>Excellent experience again! I have stayed at many of the most popular business hotels in Hong Kong, but I retruned to this property for a second time, due to an excellent experience here last year. Often I find hotels have difficulty maintaining the high standards they set for themselves however, this is not the case here. Again the experience has been excellent.After an exhausting trip from Los Angeles, I was promptly met by an extremely pleasant staff member at the airport and was whisked in away in a Mercedes Limo. The driver also very pleasant for 5:00 am. I was met at the door and checked in immediatley and shown to my room. Hot tea and a large and very fresh bowl of fruit were waiting, which I enjoyed for breakfast.The rooms are very luxuriously appointed and large, with excellent views over the city or the harbour. The rooms are extremely well equipped for the business traveller; wireless broadband, in room fax machine, and a multi-country/voltage power bar, large desk, and a proper leather multi adjustable office chair, unlike many hotel's that go for looks over function.The beds are incredibly comfortable, with down filled duvets, and a braod pillow menu. Large flat screen TV and DVD player, and braod range of english channels.The bathroom is beautifully done in dark wood, and, balck, brown and red marble. Amenities are by L'Occitaine, the best in my opinion. Flat screen TV here as well.Anything you need, just dial service center or push the butler call button, and service is immediate and very professional. The staff are consistantly outstanding.A good assortment of restaurants in the hotel, of which I have found again excellent both in quality and service, although as a matter of habit I prefer not to eat in hotels but explore the local cuisine.I really appreciate the location of this hotel, as it is very convienent for business (5 minutes walk to the Lippo Center) and has a very large shoopping mall at its base (Pacific). Quick taxi ride to good assortment of restaurants, bars and nightclubs.There is also and excellent gym and spa on the 8th level of the hotel, which includes an 11 meter pool, as well as Sauna's and a steam room. I would highly recommend this Shangri La, as it is clearly the best I have stayed at.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>global_traveller112
<Content>Great Shangri-La Property...       Room  
<Date>Jul 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Disney_Mastermind
<Content>Extremely Disappointed Having read so many excellent reviews about the Island Shangri-La, I thoroughly expected to enjoy my 3-night stay here. I couldn't have been more wrong.Let's start with the positives. The hotel itself is housed in a very modern and striking facility, shared by several office buildings. The location is great for shopping and for exploring the city. We felt that the lobby was very spacious and pleasing to the eyes. No faults there, but that was only the surface of the hotel.My feeling towards the Island Shangri-La is that it's all style and no substance. Upon a long flight from Los Angeles, we were tired and fully expected a quick check-in. This was not the case, as not only did we have to carry our own luggage but also rudely told to wait in a fairly long line. To add insult to injury, our room wasn't even ready when we asked. They offered to give us a room with a city view, but we declined. We had booked one of the harbour view rooms and did not want to leave with anything less. The staff member who handled our check-in seemed kind of put-off by our adamance and grumbled to himself. Not exactly the attitude we were expecting for a 5-star hotel!After waiting 20 minutes, we were finally called and led up to our room by a bellhop. He offered with false graciousness to carry my wife's suitcase, yet left me holding my rather bulky briefcase. I was hesitant about giving him a tip after this ignorance, but he refused to leave the room when I did not. My wife had to pass off a $HK 50 bill before he left us alone. The room itself was nice enough, although not as elegant as some of Hong Kong's other luxury hotels. And the harbour view was not nearly as nice as those of the hotels along Tsim Sha Tsui, namely the Peninsula and InterContinental. The decor was also rather ambiguous. An odd mix of Oriental and Western stylings that didn't seem nearly as successful as its leading competitors. Not nearly as elegant or tasteful either.Our two dining experiences at the hotel were memorable but far from exceptional. Dinner at Summer Palace and Restaurant Petrus, two of the most popular restaurants in the hotel, was overpriced and not worth it. One can find much better restaurants in Hong Kong for those prices in their respective categories. For Cantonese cuisine, we prefer Spring Moon and Man Wah at the Peninsula and Mandarin Oriental. For French cuisine, Gaddi's and Pierre at (again) the Peninsula and Mandarin Oriental are our top picks.After our terrible stay, we doubt that we'll ever return to the Island Shangri-La. Which is a shame, since we fully expected to be blown away by the hotel as the reviews here suggested. Next time, I'm sticking with the venerable Peninsula and Mandarin Oriental.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2008
<Rating>1	1	4	4	5	1	1	5	

<Author>MangoRacin
<Content>Overrated but still a good stay From the reviews on this hotel I expected to be blown away with an amazing hotel experience but left a little disappointed.On arrival I was disappointed by the decor being somewhat dated my todays standards. It wasn't run down, but just dated. My bags were promptly delivered to my room and followed shortly afterwards by a welcome pot of tea. Complimentary fruit was also provided during my stay. Rooms are a good size by HK standards. Quality bathroom toiletries (L'occitane). Bed linen and comfort very good. Slightly noisy air conditioning (rattling vent). Work desk was well lit with desk lamp and fortunately they also had several international power sockets (I had left my converter behind). LCD TV in room plus a small TV in bathroom.Good quality buffet breakfast at usual high 5-star hotel prices. Chinese restaurant on the bottom floor was fantastic but pricey.Gym was well appointed. Home made lemonade was refreshing after a workout. I also enjoyed a good quality swedish massage during my stay through the Hotel's spa. Change rooms for gym also include spa, sauna and steamroom. Location is great. Hotel is positoned above a large shopping mall with upscale stores. Short walk through mall takes you to the MTR station which is awesome. HK have the best trains in the world!On the negative side, i had some issues with my account on checkout. My room rate included HK$500K per day credit for hotel services (food, spa treatments etc) but their computer system seemed to struggle with how this applied on bills. Took several interations to get the bill right. hotel staff were friendly and couteous through the process but it was time consuming.My summary would be that this is a very nice hotel but it's priced higher than it deserves - even with the special rate I had.  
<Date>May 3, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	3	4	4	

<Author>janrat
<Content>Fabulous hotel in a wow city Just returned from a trip to Hong Kong staying at this fab hotel. The rooms were luxurious and spacious, we had a standard room which had stunning views of the island. Staff extremely helpful, although on check in the receptionist seemed to be unaware of chip and pin credit cards and told us our card had been refused when in fact she had not asked us to put a number in. The hotel smelt wonderful and the facilities were brilliant. The hotel was in an excellent location at the side of the metro and which was also accessible from the lower floor of the hotel, along with a huge and very gorgeous shopping mall. We did n t have the breakfast as there were numerous places to eat close at hand and the jet lag got us on the way out so we would have slept through it anyway. Highly recommend this hotel  
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>TonyDeeEngland
<Content>Could be a lot better Just got back from 2 night stay at this hotel. I did vow never to stay at another Shangri-La after a very bad experience in KL Malaysia (I checked out the same night to the Mandarin across the road and nobody at reception even batted an eyelid). Having given them a 2nd try and in another country I thought I'd be safe but quickly started to realise that was wishful thinking...don't get me wrong it COULD be a great hotel because the investment's there and the facilities are great but in my opinion it all comes down to staff training.If your staff are not properly trained and are unable to do the basic stuff consistently well then there's no point in trying to deploy all the fancy nice little touches because by that time your guest is thoroughly hacked off (take note senior management if you're reading).For me it all started to go wrong when at 13:50 our 2pm check-in time was unavailable due to our 2 rooms still being cleaned; when I re-checked at 2:20pm the receptionist told me I will check right away and come and update you in the looby, where I was forced to wait and take a very posh coffee (not complimentary). At 2:50pm I had to go to reception AGAIN (by this time less than happy and feeling rather meaningless) and was told by the receptionist and the front desk manager that we could have the keys but the rooms were still being hoovered.Ok no problem (at least we had the keys!!) so we finished our coffees and went up about 15 minutes later when we were assured that our luggage would be waiting for us. Fortunately the cleaners had finished but I had to call down and chase the luggage.Again at breakfast a similar story...my plate was cleared by 1 waiter and my dirty cutlery taken off my plate and placed by my side for re-use...my colleague sat opposite me had his cleared by another waiter and the cutlery taken away at the same time???They appeared paranoid about you signing the breakfast bill too so that was dumped under our noses mid breakfast a bit like a road side cafe`/diner.Anyway pause for a deep breath and sigh... the Shangri-La has the potential and the assets to be a lot better than it really is which is frustrating. I suggest they send all their staff to the Mandarin Bangkok to attend their in house training school then we might really see a true 5 star hotel instead of a wanna be one.If you're travelling on business or it's just a 1 night stop over you should be ok; if you're on a special trip and want a bona fide luxury 5 star experience with impeccable service and all the trimmings I suggest you research a more serious player.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2008
<Rating>3	2	4	3	3	1	2	3	

<Author>durban24
<Content>Great service and location I have stayed here twice now on business for full 7-10 day stays and am due to return in 2 weeks I am that happy with the hotel.It has a good location as a bit quieter than being down in Central and certainly has more ambience than the Four Seasons which, personally, I find quite sterile. Wanchai bars can be walked to and for business, depending on the heat, one can walk through HK Park to the business district which is a great way to start or finish a business day.The staff at the Shangri are superb and make every effort whether in the pool/spa area or just in general throughout the hotel. The pool is lovely as you can look at some greenery as opposed to another building with the Park being so close.The Spa and gym are very good and again, as opposed to the Four Season, are very easy to access from the rooms.Rooms are a good size although just a little faded....but certainly well appointed unless you are fussy like me! Bathrooms are big and spacious and a harbour view worth paying for due to the hotel's postion on a hill. Executive rooms on 55th floor have oversize LCD TVs and a few other goodies.Great for business and I would have no hesitation in taking my wife and kids there either.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>jpmay
<Content>Yet another memory for life at one of the world's great hotels. My family loves the Island Shangri-La.Maybe one day it will disappoint, but that day has not yet arrived!After getting through customs at Hong Kong's wonderful airport, we emerged at the arrivals area and the Shangrila staff spotted us immediately. (They just know who you are.)The guys jumped under the wire and took all our luggage.We were whisked to the Rolls Royce which has the most lovely deep-blue carpet. (And it costs a pittance when you convert to pounds or euros.)Felix drives like a calming massage. At the hotel, Hitomi (who was our service lady this time) whisks us straight to the room, where you get to sign your name to check in. Of course your XBox is plugged in and running already for the kids, etc etc, Sir.The I.S.L. swimming pool is a favorite place on Earth; you are outdoors surrounded by the amazing skyscrapers, in a micro-valley of greenery.Eat up a storm at Cafe Too, or try the fine restaurants. (Petrus of course, or Nadaman - the only one outside Japan.)As always enjoy the views and the ultra-solidly-built (now that's real luxury) rooms. Enjoy the world's biggest mural, the surreal/amazing atrium, etc etc etc etc as usual.The best luxury shopping mall in the world is ... underneath the hotel. Pop down to Van Cleef  Arpels for something for your wife.Tragically due to some sort of idiot conference being held by boring bankers, the hotel was quite full so we were not able to get the usual harbour view suite, which is the way to go.They hooked us up with two connected rooms on the harbour side, which is not bad at all. (Unfortunately on a low floor, i.e. about floor 45, but that's what you get for booking late.)More good news, they have now opened a restaurant area, OUTDOORS, just by the pool. We LOVE this because you are out with the skyscrapers, awesome at night time. There might even be some attractive lady bankers in the pool for you single men.They opened it due to the new HK smoking laws - so it's one place where you can smoke and eat (since outdoors); this is a good system which is fair for all. They wheeled out the humidor so I could have a massive cigar, they bring charming shalls for your children and wife if the night is a little cool, and generally life is perfect.Tip: the pool deck restaurant area has an abbreviated menu, BUT because it's the Shangrila of course you can do whatever you want -- you can order from one of the other restaurants and sort it out. The Lobster Bar  Grill works very well, they brought me a couple of lobster thermidor from there to the pool deck area.Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh.The island Shangrila.Hot tip! At the airport now, they have these wonderful golf-buggy taxis. As soon as you get off the plane, there are golf-buggy taxis waiting which will take you to customs; same thing when you're going back the other way. This saves you a very long walk - and they cost a pittance (one or two pounds/euros!!) so it is crazy not to use them every single time.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jjhrad
<Content>Just a perfect hotel If money is no object, this is a fantastic place to stay on Hong Kong side.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PishPosh
<Content>Everything you read it would be... Firstly, the hotel is located 10 minutes away (by car) from the main train station in downtown HK. Access is very easy and a shopping mall is just downstairs.Arriving at the hotel, we had our bags handled immediately from the car all the way to the room without any hassle. Check-in was quick and everyone was jovial and friendly. The hotel lobby looks a little tired but it is not a big deal. We had 2 adjoining rooms (on one of the highest floors) and they had wonderful views of the city and the mountains. The blinds are electric. There is a mini chandelier in both rooms and the beds are very comfortable. Each room also has a big flat screen TV with a surprisingly large amount of channels available.There is also a LCD TV in the bathroom. The bathroom has a very nice size to it and all amenities provided are decent.For 4 out of the 5 days we were there, we had a very good housekeeper. Each day, the housekeeper would fold our clothes and pack our shopping items for us very neatly, except for 1 day, don't know what happened there.The tea place downstairs serves very good english tea and cakes. The main Chinese restaurant however, is not up to par with the other Shangri-La's.All in all, it was a very comfortable stay at the Island Shang and I will most definately return.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>bigbird01
<Content>Black Truffle Soup I had high expectations of this Hotel prior to arriving based on friends recommendations. I can happily report that things went well.Check-in was very smooth, we had a guest relations lady meet us as we walked in the door and show us straight to our room ,where all the formalities were taken care of. Very efficient.Spa, lovely. Had a swedish massage for 90 mins and thought I was in heaven.Room. Had a mountain view which was nice enough, room was clean and large as was the bathroom. Only fault would be TV still old CRT style, but not an issue.Food. Like most hotels, room service was mediocre at best. However I would recommend the restaurant Petrus, excellent food and service.Black truffle soup to die for. Top class!! So good I even managed to get engaged there.Overall: Excellent hotel with great service. Nothing negative to say at all.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ohashem1
<Content>Good .. but I had better I stayed with a group of friends for couple of days shopping in Hongkong, the hotel is nicely located over a mall which is convinient from this point of view, the room is good and well equipped with all the needs of todays traveller. My only draw Back is the price, its too pricey, for an executive floor room for 500 USD while not feeling you are getting that value, for example there is no executive lounge, I belive this is a big draw back and should be addressed, how can you be on a club level with no lounge !!!away from that the service is upto the standard of shangrila. P.S: the hill view is not bad, go for it its actually nice as well.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	4	5	

<Author>Sqddo
<Content>Can't fault it!       The view from our room  
<Date>Jan 24, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>FairwindTravel
<Content>An oasis...       Bathroom  
<Date>Jan 11, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>vicsterLondon
<Content>Great hotel, deserves its reputation Really great location next to luxury shopping mall and park. We stayed in the lowest category room (deluxe peakview) and had no complaints. Service was excellent, staff couldn't do enough for us and our 2 kids, great welcome. Breakfast amazing, loved the outdoor pool - a great stay.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>fizzengland
<Content>once again, great stay once again, a great stay, upgraded to a harbour view as it was our silver wedding aniversary, flowers, fruit etc as well, i love this hotel so much, such humble and smilley staff considering it is regullaly voted one of the best hotels in the world for everything, fab possition, great rooms, wonderfull staff, do i own it or work for them? no,we just love staying here, well done, shangri- la once again!!  
<Date>Jan 5, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jglin
<Content>lovely view WE stayed here for 3 nights. WE had an HARBOUR VIEW ROOM and the view is AMAZING! THE bathroom has a TV for your VIEWING PLEASURE while you are soaking in the Bath TUB. THE bed is comfortable and the room is spacious. You can borrow items like baby food warmer or steam sterilizer, iPod speakers, humidifier etc free of charge. THE staff is FRIENDLY AND EFFICIENT BUT the bell boys are a LITTLE RUDE. THEY talked on handphones while on duty and we were completely invisible to them. (WE caught 3 of them doing that)THE hotel is linked to PACIFIC PLACE AND QUEENSWAY PLAZA and it leads to the ADMIRALTY MTR STATION. THERE is also a bus terminal nearby. I would choose to stay here again.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>PreciousPrincess
<Content>One of my favourites The Island Shangri-la is truly a grand hotel with service that goes above and beyond. I've stayed there only twice this year but the staff made a note to remember my name and my preferences! I felt very welcomed and was happy to return. The rooms are larger than your average hotel and you are always guaranteed a great view, either the peak or the harbor view will blow your mind! Both the Lobster Bar and Petrus Restaurant serve amazing food and the gym and spa are up to standard. Great meeting rooms and business facilities with printers/scanner/fax in EVERY room - very convenient! And the location is perfect with the MTR right under the hotel and shopping heaven a stone's throw away. Always a great night's sleep at the Island Shangri-la!  
<Date>Dec 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Colin_from_NY
<Content>Join the Golden Circle Arrived at the airport and was whisked to the hotel by an in house limo. Checked in and received an upgrade due to my Golden Circle membership. Great service and fast laundry turnaround. Claude the concierge will set you up with whatever you need. Hotel car back to the airport and the bellman basically checked me in. Cannot ask for better!  
<Date>Dec 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>mrrfrost
<Content>Good location, great hotel A short walk, via Pacific Place, to Admiralty MTR the Island Shangri-La is a real 5 star hotel. Fabulous service from all the staff and a nice big room on the 41st floor with a good view of the Peak. Also served well by the trams and buses and next to the delightful Hong Kong Park.The large beds were very comfortable and fabulously soft pillows. Large flat-screen TV, DVD player, CD player, fresh fruit each day and a large bathroom with good products and shower. A great gym on the 8th floor with the treadmills looking out over the city. More fruit available and real fruit iced water. Superb changing rooms with sauna, menthol steam room, jacuzzi and rain shower experience.Didn't eat there so cant' comment but looked good. Only negative was the somtimes lengthy wait for a lift! Wireless broadband was available for $40 per hour (拢2.50).A great stay and highly and highly recommended!  
<Date>Dec 10, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Sweep1
<Content>The Best This was the first time I have stayed at a Shangri La hotel and I was not disapointed. I would go as far to say that i received the best service I have ever experienced.The staff are exceptionally well trained. They know when to help, and when to step back. The bedrooms are well thought out, the facilities exceptional and the food fabulous.Make sure you get a harbour view room - with the floor to ceiling windows you won't get a better view anywhere else.Check out the swimming pool - at night, when the pool is extremely quiet, it is an amazing experience to swim in the humidity with the surrounding sky scrapers bearing down on you.And finally - make sure you experience the buffet at Cafe Tu - and wear loose fitting pants!  
<Date>Nov 6, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Hamudi
<Content>Extraordinary Service, Wonderful Food This was my very first visit to Hong Kong and in the several days I was there I had several fairly complicated work-related things to accomplish.Within five minutes of my entering the Shangri-la a young woman, the service manager from the concierge service, invited me to sit down, offered me a cold drink, and asked me to tell her *everything* I needed to do while in Hong Kong.I talked; she took notes.She told me that the Shangri-la's concierge service would take care of everything. The only thing I needed to do was go to my room and rest after my long trip.My room on the 53rd floor had a literally breath-taking view of the harbor. My bed was enormous. The sheets were crisp. The bathroom was wonderful. (The TV screen above the tub is a very nice touch.)It's not easy to navigate work-related tasks in a completely foreign environment. I speak no Cantonese. My Mandarin is very basic. The Shangri-la made what might have potentially been a very anxious stay an entirely pleasurable and enjoyable one.The hotel's concierge service literally arranged everything for me, even down to very small details. (If you'd prefer to take public transportation to your appointments, we've written down instructions for what you need to do...)Contrary to what some others have said, I don't think I've ever experienced such a high degree of sincerely personal service in such a large up-market hotel. I had a very real sense that Shangri-la's staff were looking after me.The pool, by the way, is very nice. And taking a swim in it in the very early morning, with Hong Kong's spectacular skyscrapers looming nearby, is a delightful experience.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>alainef
<Content>Love the tea Fantastic. Have breakfast looking over the Harbor. Service is superb. Love the tea delivered to your room after check in.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DublinNovia
<Content>A place of true luxury Hong Kong was the first stop on our 4 week honeymoon around the world.We were understandably exhausted after the wedding and flying from Ireland so were hoping to find that this hotel would be a place where we could relax and unwind..and boy did it deliver!When we arrived we noticed the sheer volume of people in the lobby and were surprised to find they were mostly staff!A huge amount of staff in the hotel meant that we NEVER waited to be looked after.They would practically run over to us every time we arrived back after a day out and couldn't do enought to help.On arrival we had champagne and chocolates delivered to our room by way of congratulations.The view from our room (we had requested a harbour view) was BREATHTAKING!The floor to ceiling window meant that we could really take advantage of the wonderful sight of the harbour and Kowloon.The services in the hotel were second to none.The pool was amazing-surrounded by skyscrapers.We often enjoyed the outoor spa when it was a little cooler in the evening too.The beautician in the hairdresser was lovely and full of info on what to do in Hong Kong.I cant praise this hotel highly enough.It made our stay in Hong Kong a thoroughly luxurious one and I would return without hesitation!  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>madcatwoman
<Content>Absolutely Fantastic! My husband and I have just returned from a trip to Hong Kong. We stayed 4 nights at the Island Shangri-La and it could not be faulted. We are not business travellers, just leisure travellers used to staying in good quality hotels and have visited two Shangri Las previously - Kuala Lumpur and Kota Kinabulu.Everything was efficient. Check in was swift and took place in our room (5310). We were called by our names from the word go and everyone was friendly and helpful especially the concierge staff who helped us plan much of our sight seeing. The position was excellent for sight seeing - ice cold taxis only charged a 拢1.00 to get us to the star ferry. The hotel had a link to the shopping mall below. The access to the Peak was a short walk through Hong Kong Park at the rear of the hotel. We chose not to eat at the hotel as we like to go out to eat and the restaurants were very expensive. We had breakfast included at Cafe Too which was amazing - spoilt for choice! The pool did have a city scape but that was attractive in itself as the architecture is all part of the excitement of Hong Kong, so we didn't mind at all.We loved our room. We could sit for hours looking ( a long way )down to the harbour below counting star ferries! Very dramatic at night time. We loved the touches in the room like the i-pod speaker stand; the day and night electric curtains; the night light that lit your way to the bathroom including switching on the bathroom light and the TV in the bathroom. The decor could have been more contemporary but everything was luxurious and it all worked - what more could you ask!!I booked the Mercedes Limousine as a surprise for my husband and we were greeted by the Shangri-La's staff at the airport and treated like royalty. The car was amazing so much so that we decided to book one to take us back to the airport. The hotel staff seem to have got the return booking muddled up but would not let on and through quick discussion we were ushered outside and taken by the stretch limousine instead as it was obviously the only car they had remaining! A wonderful end to a wonderful stay.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>doggieluver
<Content>Good, but not unforgettable This hotel is certainly good enough as a business hotel. However, I really will not stay here for a leisure trip. As mentioned in another review, there are just no personal touches or charm. The staff is polite but the service is more mechanical, rather than from the heart. There is a pool, but it offers a view of skyscrapers nearby. It's really quite hard to relax in this evironment.The location is not bad as it is connected to the subway via a big shopping mall. However, in the morning, a cab ride can take quite long to reach the central business district due to traffic jam.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	3	2	3	

<Author>cat666
<Content>Loved the hotel as much as everyone else here       Double Sinks  
<Date>Jun 12, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>AragornSeoul
<Content>Just as I expect Shangri-la to be I was there for one night. But it was just as I expected Shangri-la to be. Warm. Attention to the detail. Felt like the most important person in the world. I was at Shangri-la Kota Kinabalu and Jakarta. Never disappoints me. The location was great. The Pacafic Place was better than the IFC; in its choice of place to eat and just the general ambience.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Unniepot
<Content>Superb hotel, loved it! Our week's stay at the Island Shangri-la was a wonderful 50th birthday present from my husband. We had a room with a harbour view and whilst the view was not a harbour view in totality, I felt that it was pretty spectacular to say the least. My husband had asked for a deluxe room with a habour view near the top of the hotel and we were put in room 5112 which is on the 51st floor so I think his request was pretty much satisfied (the hotel has 56 floors). On my birthday the staff sent up a card and birthday cake which was a lovely touch. We enjoyed a fabulous meal in the restaurant on the top floor and the service and view were spectacular. I felt that every attention to detail was made at this hotel. The staff were attentive and extremely curteous. Although the hotel appeared to have a large quota of business people staying there, I looked on this as a bonus, as there were thankfully no screaming children running amok. The hotel was well located for most sights to visit and l'd definately stay there again.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>second row
<Content>Elusive harbour view Recently stayed on the return from a trip to Asia having stayed at the Peninsula on the way out.My agent had an agreed upgrade from Peak view to Harbour view.On check in we were taken to a room that purported to have a harbour view.I was reminded of the early days of package holidays or seaside landladies when the sea view could be had by leaning out the widow with a giraffe like stretch to catch a glimpse of something blue!.Yes the harbour could be seen but the main view was the high rise in front.We then visited two other rooms.an attempt was made to get us to upgrade at an extra $500 HK a night,untill eventually we were offered what we had booked a very acceptable harbour view.Why not first time?Hotel is well located and most other things worked well.Breakfast operation impressive.The pool was very nice and suprisingly quiet given its location.I have always been impressed with Shangri-La's Chinese restaurants.Singapore,Kowloon,Bangkok, but the Summer Palace here on the island was pretty average.There is a branch of Peking Garden restaurant in the Pacific Place centre next door which served us a much more accomplished meal.Overall a mixed experience.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	5	3	1	3	4	

<Author>flyingroo
<Content>Could not fault them! I've stayed at many 5 star properties around the world, this one has to be my favourite. Everything about this hotel is effortless, luxurious and total bliss. From the inital meet at the airport, the transfer to the airport in a private car was all class. Hong Kong greeted us with a torrential downpour but the driver drove so smoothly that it was a pleasure to be a passenger. Cool bottled water and mints that were offered in the car were a pleasant surprise.Upon reaching the hotel, bags were immediately taken care of by the staff and we were greeted by our very friendly Guest Relations staff member. Taken up to our room on the 48th floor and was checked in from there. The staff noticed that we had a late flight back to London and immediately offered a late check out. The Harbour View from the room was magnificent. Welcome tea was provided for us as was a fresh bowl of fruit everyday.I had previously arranged to have a bottle of champange waiting in the room upon check in and it was definitely there chilled and waiting for our consumption. Service at this hotel was excellent. No request was ever too much of a hassle. All staff were extremely friendly and made our stay totally memorable.The rooms are very comfortable and nicely furnished. Huge beds, great bathroom products. Ok, so the Conrad may have newer rooms but the Shangri-La is by no means ugly, far from it. Breakfast buffet at Cafe Too was sensational. So many choices for breakfast, we took our time having breakfast and was never hurried along so that they could get more people into the restaurant and once again service levels were exceptional.Location wise, the Shangri-La is perfectly situated in Admiralty, just above Pacific Place Shopping Centre (along with the Conrad and JW Marriott). I never found the wait for lifts ever that long (as mentioned by previous reviewers). This was a perfect stay and I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone to wants an exceptional property to stay in whilst in Hong Kong. The property speaks for itself but the staff and their level of professionalism and friendliness can't be faulted and its them who make the Island Shangri La a great hotel. I can't wait to come back.  
<Date>May 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>HighwayGirl
<Content>Never wanted to leave From start to finish this hotel provided the very best service and accomodation we have experienced in a long time, if ever. We booked a hotel limo to pick us up from the airport and that made the whole arrival completely stress free. The hotel staff are present in arrivals, making themselves known with announcement boards and whisking you straight to car. We were actually greeted on the steps of the hotel by a guest services manager (a lovely girl called Elkie) and taken to the room to complete check in. The harbour view room was beautifully laid out with a super bathroom, which included a seperate shower room and bathtub where you could watch a TV, set into the wall above the bath. The bed and bathroom were spotless, but the thing which singled this hotel out was the fabulous service provided by the staff. Most remember your name after a day and they seem to anticipate your needs almost before you realise you need something.Cafe TOO is great. We are usually not too keen on buffets (food left for ages and kids touching everything etc.) but this was a buffet out of this world, with every taste catered for, wonderfully set out, clean and hygenic. For a special treat the Petras Resteraunt is recommended. It is quite expensive, rather the wine is, but has a wonderful atmosphere and of course supurb service and lovely food. Lobster Bar is good for food and cocktails and the Lobby does afternoon tea with scones and tiny sandwiches should you feel in a colonial mood!The pool area again is very well serviced with attentive staff who provide towels, bottled water in little cool bags and, should you wish, drinks and lunches. It was my husbands birthday when we were there and the hotel sent up a lovely cake and card. Completely unexpected and quite a nice touch.However, the best touch was when we left. We again booked a hotel car to take us to the airport. When we got there hotel staff were waiting outside departures. They took all the luggage out of the car and accompanied us to check-in where they waited while we checked in and loaded all the luggage onto the conveyers. They made us feel like movie stars.Cannot recommend this hotel enough. Have stayed in Hong Kong previously at various places, all being of a high standard, but this beats the lot. We were there for 12 days mostly on business, but this hotel made the whole experience feel like a long holiday.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>siomao
<Content>Would come back again and again We have been staying at Island Shangri-la once every year for the past 7 years. They have continued to improve their service year after year. The service is impeccable. The rooms were renovated a couple of years ago and they added a modern twist. But the level of comfort and 'homeyness' has been retained. With the Pacific Place mall right underneath the hotel, it is so convenient to just go down and shop, knowing that even if you carry a lot of bulky items. There is no worry about riding through the mrt or lining up to get a taxi. You can just catch the elevator and go right up to your room. It is always a perfect experience staying at the hotel.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mpeep16395
<Content>the best service originally wanted to stay at the Peninsula hotel in Kowloon. completely booked. secong best choice. great service...try CAFE TOO....great buffet.....all asian specialties...my wife's birthday was on march 30...we went out to spoons ( resturant in Kowloon ) to celebrate..great food...great view of hong kong from this resturant....there is a free laser light show every night at 8:00 p.m....the high rise buildings in hong kong have lasers...incredible....try the resturant felix in the peninsula hotel in Kowloon. there is a bar above the felix resturant called the sky lounge..it opens at 6:00 p.m.....don't get there after 6:15 pm and it will be packed.....two story of glass on the 26th floor...over looking hong kong harbor...amazing views. went back to our room at the island shangri-la and a birthday cake was in our room from the hotel staff......never told them it was her birthday...amazing service.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>StyleTraveller
<Content>Good, not outstanding Good hotel with very good service. For me it was lacking the special touch. Rooms are beginning to look a little dated with desks having seen better days and the goldish bathroom fixtures remindng me of the 70s/80s, sinks and bathtub with scratches and clearly quite a few years old. Common areas on the guest floors are OK but not the latest desgin/colors and feeling just a tad worn, lobby/entrance is better. The views from especially the higher rooms are nice.The huge internal picture over 15 floors is quite impressive, ride the glass elevator from 39-56 to see it well. The meeting space on the 56th floor is good with great views. No wireless (or at least I could not make it work). Buffet dinner with lots of choices but nothing that knocked my socks off.Good business hotel but it is not the Four Seasons, Conrad or Peninsula...  
<Date>Mar 16, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>EnglandChris
<Content>Undoubtedly a fine business hotel, but....       Room with view  
<Date>Feb 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Tracie58712
<Content>Pure Luxury! My husband and I headed to Hong Kong for the first time in December. We had heard it was a great place to be for Christmas and couldn't wait to enjoy a new scene. Upon arrival at the Island Shangri-La, we were promptly checked in and upgraded to a harbor view room. This was completely unexpected as I'm sure the hotel's occupancy rate was pretty high for the holiday weekend. Our bags were taken up to the room and the gentleman showed us around the room and pointed out special features, such as the remote-control curtains (!!!) and the adapter, which had the appropriate plug-ins for many countries (I think five?). We fell asleep that first night on the plush comforter and knew that even if the rest of the trip was a bust, at least we'd have the Shangri-La!With our package, we had breakfast every morning in cafeTOO. I highly recommend booking your stay with breakfast... the buffet is to die for. There are six or seven different stations of food - from Chinese to your traditional American breakfast. It was all very impressive and quite tasty!We were worried at first about getting around, but soon discovered that the hotel is connected to the Pacific Place Mall (if I recall correctly). The mall has a subway station in it, which became our mode of transportation during our stay. We bought a 3-day Octopus card and that allowed unlimited travel on the MTR. HIGHLY recommend this card! What else... the Chinese mural on the wall is pretty impressive, but just kind of an 'eh' moment for me. Regardless, it was pretty cool to see it, but I woudn't say that this is the highlight of the hotel. Enjoy your stay at the Island Shangri-La. I know that our expectations have risen after staying here! No more two- or three-star hotels for us anymore!! :)  
<Date>Feb 24, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bakermPhiladelphia
<Content>Exceptional as always I'm here once or twice a year, and the standard of service and comfort remain unsurpassed. I could not ask for a better place to stay from a business standpoint.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Keen_TravellerPerth
<Content>Great hotel, great people            
<Date>Feb 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Traveller_HW
<Content>Simply amazing This is the epitome of what a 5* hotel should be. It can only be described as palatial! The staff ( reception, doorman, waiters) all were very helpful, polite and professional. I came here for a wedding and the banquet was amazing... the food, the atmosphere... just perfect!However, some of the standard rooms were a bit on the small side and didn't have the 'breathtaking views' as suggested by their website. But the suites with the living room... fabulous. It's of course all at a price!Nevertheless, I don't think anyone coming here would be dissapointed.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>mundus
<Content>a breathtaking view of victoria harbour A ravishing room on the 51st floor with a breathtaking view of Victoria harbour, only the view from the Petrus restaurant on the 56th floor is more impressive. Dinner here was good - although it would not merit Michelin stars nor Gault Millau toques and it has its price (鈧?220 for a three-course dinner for two with one glas of wine and bottled water). The roasted duck breast was served without garnishments.Check-in and check-out were smooth, the bell-boy warned us when the shuttle bus to the HKG station arrived while we were waiting in the lobby. Our room was nicely decorated in dark wood, the bathroom was large with a separate bathtub and shower. Aigner bathroom amenities were provided. The full-choice buffet breakfast was excellent. However, the dinner buffet (鈧?45 pp) offered relatively cheap food. Not recommended although frequently visited by locals.  
<Date>Dec 15, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	3	4	3	3	

<Author>tnghi121
<Content>First Class Hotel, First Class Service We stayed at Island Shangri-la from 11/17/06 to 11/21/06 (Delux Habor View room) and the experience was phenomenon.Having a private car reserved (a service that is provided by the hotel for 730 HKD one way), we were greeted by an IS staff at the airport and directed to the waiting Mercedez and driver. We were then taken to the hotel (I should mention that water, towel and mints are provided in the car). Upon arrival, there were a guest relation staff and the luggage staff waiting for us. We were then taken directly to our room where a quick check in process (checking passport, getting credit card number...) and orientation were done.The room was very large with nice firm bed, all in one fax-printer-copier, hot tea, a bowl of fruit (the tea and fruit could be a special arrangement that I got from booking with whatahotel (a company that only book 5 star hotel around the world) and everything you can think of (bathrobe, slipper, needle and thread, flat screen TV, remote controlled curtain, plate, silverware, glass, tea, coffee...). The bathroom is incredibly beautiful and large with marble all around, a flat screen TV, nice size tub.The staff was extremely helpful and attentive. They went out of their way to show us places that we need to go and made reservation for us.The location was excellent, right on top of the Pacific Mall (with all brand names that you can think of) where the MTR station is.The breakfast at Too cafe is the best. By all mean, get the package that includes breakfast. Here you can find the freshest fruits, juices, traditional Chinese foods and Western breakfast.I do recommend to go to Lady's Market, not because of the Lady's Market itself but because of the endless stores (fashion, electronic...)and local restaurants around it. I do not care for the Temple Market.The Peak is definitely a must go and so is Stanley Market. About the Jumbo Floating restaurant, unless you are doing it with the cruise package for 640HKD, I don't think it is worth to eat there. Personally, I think the food was outrageously overpriced and service is very poor. It was quite an experience to ride the boat in Aberdeen to see the Fish village...Back to the hotel, I would definitely stay at IS again.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TravelFan_01
<Content>Fabulous stay My husband and I chose this hotel after extensive research both on here, other travel sites and personal experiences and we were absolutely not disappointed.The hotel itself has a superb location on Hong Kong Island- it's attached to Pacific Place with it's numerous upmarket shops and lovely restaurants which in turn, houses the Admiralty MTR stop. We found its proximity to the MTR invaluable for our 3 night stay. The Star Ferry was also a 10 minute stroll away which was very handy too.We had booked a Harbour view room which in itself didn't disappoint although the harbour was shrouded in smog for our entire stay which was a shame. Check in was efficient and swift, and we were soon in our room which was extremely spacious, beautifully presented and immaculately kept. It had everything that a deluxe hotel should- electronic safe, bathrobes, iron and board, tea and coffee making facilites, free local newspaper etc as well as bottled water every day and a bowl of fruit and a pot of Chinese tea as a welcome which arrived almost instantly as we arrived in the room as did our cases which were brought up extremely promptly. The bathroom was beautiful- light and airy as well as having the perk of having a small TV set into the wall next to the bath. However, I used the seperate shower there most of the time instead, which was excellent. The only slight negative I can think of in the room was that the mattress was a little firm for me personally. However, it didn't cause me any discomfort in any way and if that is the only negative point I could find, then that says great things about this place.We ate in the hotel's Summer Palace restaurant on our first night and the food was exquisite. Being fans of Chinese food, we know the difference between good and bad and although it was pricier than some other options in Hong Kong, we felt the money was well justified. We also had tea and cakes in Island Gourmet which was also lovely. We didn't have breakfast in the hotel as it wasn't included in our room rate and we were busy on tours and days out during our stay so didn't really have the time.The staff in the hotel were all delightful and couldn't do enough to make our stay pleasurable.All in all, a really fantastic stay in a terrific hotel in a superb city. Staying anywhere else in Hong Kong next time apart from Island Shangri-La, won't even be crossing my mind.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ewanshields
<Content>fantastic view Have just returned from staying at the shangri-la thought that the hotel itself was very good, The room that we had was very big bed was comfortable and every thing worked but also felt that there was something missing from the experiance which perhaps because the hotel was in a modern tower I dont know but all things considered would i stay here again probably not I would definatly try somewhere else.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2006
<Rating>4	2	4	4	4	3	3	5	

<Author>mclachlan4321
<Content>Excellent This place is great. The welcome was impressive, the location is great above Pacific place and the MTR station.The rooms were spacious, clean and had everything you could ask for. Staff are very polite and efficient.Highly recommended.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MrsG31
<Content>Another Brit who loved it!! I'm not sure if we are just easily pleased, I certainly don't think so but from the moment we arrived at the Shangri-La in Hong Kong we were smiling. We also stayed in a Delux Harbour View room which we thought was fantastic, from the view to the huge and very comfortable bed to the immaculate decor. Being on our honeymoon we also arrived to beautiful homemade chocolates and an amazing red rose arrangement which was a wonderful beginning to an amazing trip.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JWYeung
<Content>The Shang: a mid-life identity crisis Absolutely agree with the previous post. Nothing spectacular (except the view), I don鈥檛 know what the fuzz is all about.We stayed at the Deluxe Harbour view room for a couple of days. While the views are simply breathtaking, the room definitely has a style-mismatch. The Peninsula has the history and old-world charm; The Landmark MO is phenomenally contemporary: the beacon of style; The Mandarin has a deep root in Chinese tradition; The Island Shangri-La has nothing but a view that is similarly shared by the Conrad and JW Marriott. Everything about this hotel seemed pretentious. A European chandelier in the room doesn鈥檛 automatically give an old-world charm. You鈥檝e got to earn it to deserve it like the Peninsula. Then comes the gigantic 鈥楾he Great Motherland of China鈥?painting on the atrium to exude a Chinese tradition. Next is the Caf茅 TOO, which definitely has the best buffet in town and is furnished in a contemporary setting with blonde wood. By now you almost get the whole picture; it is a supermarket of style in one hotel. It鈥檚 like having a mid life identity crisis.And the worst of all is the cheap room key. This is the second top hotels I鈥檝e stayed (after the Grand Formosa Regent Taipei) that uses room key instead of electronic card in the defense to exude old-world charm, which stunned me as superficially shallow. Either the Shang doesn鈥檛 have the budget to update the room key system (which I doubted so -considering how high they set their astronomical room rates) or simply shallow thinking that a traditional key holds the epitome of style. They don鈥檛 consider how hard it is to store the key that could easily get lost; doesn鈥檛 fit into the pocket and certainly not in your wallet. Yes we could have left it at the reception, but I rather not: seeing the fake smile and all the staff pretentiousness, I rather suffer the bulging in the pocket.Sure it has the view, but the InterContinental  Peninsula has better. Yes it is atop Pacific Place and MTR station, but the Four Seasons is better: atop the magnificent IFC Mall  Airport Express Station. Oh yeah, it has outdoor pool with view of the Bank of China Tower, but the Four Seasons has the world鈥檚 best edgeless pool and view of the whole Kowloon for yourself. Fancy the electronic curtain and TV in the bathroom? The Peninsula has it too, but best of all The Landmark MO鈥檚 L600 has 2 LCDs and an extra one in the 15sq.m bathroom with circular spa bath and diffused natural sunlight, and most importantly what Shangri-La doesn鈥檛 have: style.Last but not the least, service that it has boasted and have people keep telling, which I did not encountered during my stay. A good concierge yet not as impeccable as the Four Seasons. A bellboy and porter who seemed hunger for tips; failed to deliver the luggages and upon calling to check, even asked me which ones were mine!. A particular female reception staff that was unsympathetic, almost robotic but certainly pretentious and snotty who greatly impacted the convenience of our stay. A fax machine that discreetly left messages, but the wrong one: a sudden message pass 10pm for a delivery of an envelope only to discover it was a reconfirmed business class ticket to Sydney of another guest on other room, which was clearly written on the envelope. Upon asking why this happened, the staff still claimed it was written my name. Surely not only they are pretentious, they are also blind. The only thing we enjoyed the most from the Shang was the sumptuous buffet we had at the Caf茅 TOO. Other than that, you can count on what previous reviewer stated: 鈥淒on鈥檛 be afraid to try somewhere else鈥? I once stayed at the low priced, highly-rated Langham Place that sits amidst the slumps of Mongkok, with only 1/3 of the Shang rates, but the overall experience was far much better, even the service is outstanding: young, energetic and passionate from all the beautiful people.The highlight of my stay in HK this year is definitely at the Landmark MO which eclipses my previous excellent stay at the Four Seasons. But somehow I doubt that people who like the Shang will get accustomed to such panache.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2006
<Rating>2	3	4	5	4	2	2	3	

<Author>Michael37
<Content>OK, not spectacular. I spent a few nights at the Shangri La in August. I found the overall experience lacking.The rooms are bland, all function with surprisingly little style (surprising given the strong feng shui influence in HK). The rooms are also small, even by HK/Toyko standards. Lunch at the cafe was expensive and disappointing. Breakfast was much better, though also very expensive.The pool is really nice, and the gym is good. The staff was OK, but interactions felt rushed and reminded me more of a NYC business hotel than a true 5 star.Don't be afraid to try somewhere else.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dsw187
<Content>Truly outstanding luxury hotel I have to agree with the other reviewers. I have stayed in many five star hotels in Europe and the US and the Island Shangri-La is truly outstanding. The room was fantastic - spacious and well appointed, with almost everything you could want. The harbour view is well worth paying for. Excellent business centre and very good gym/fitnesscentre. The staff were great: genuinely friendly and helpful. I felt so well looked-after it was a real pleasure to stay there. I would not hesistate to book it again.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>slg2
<Content>fabulous As just taken time to be able to write reviews, thought should reiterate the views of others. My mother and I spent 4 nights in hong kong before sunning ourselves in dubai earlier this year. This hotel was a wonderful haven in an extremely fast moving city. Very good service and comfortable rooms will ensure return to shangri la hotels.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>WanderingDoctor
<Content>A few quick words about the wonderful Island Shangri-La You can read all of the eloquent, detailed, journal entries about the Shangri-La, but I offer my few quick takeaways:Praises:-In-room technology (multifunction fax/printer, LCD in bathroom, wiring/lighting top notch, multiregion DVD player, power outlet strip which accepts many international plugs)-Amount of drawers for storage-Complete toiletry/sundry selection in the bathroom (laundry detergent included!)-Large in-room safe (fits my large laptop)-Maid service (your duvet is changed daily, ice is always refilled, turndown service great, complimentary in-room fruit daily, complimentary water bottles in-room daily)-Best laid-out hotel bathroom I've ever seen (separate tub, shower, tub, bidet, 2 sinks, plenty of shelving)-Plush interiors (the puffiest headboard I've ever seen)  great room art-First class gym and pool (you get an insulated bottled water at the outdoor pool)-Immaculate service EVERYWHERE - No one expects a tip (graciously accepted though)-Great china and glassware (wine glasses with flared rims, corkscrew, ice tongs, -Great location, adjoining the Pacific Place mall (great food court)Cons: (I really had to nitpick to come up with these)-The distance between the room's door knob (interior side) and the locking mechanism is only about 1.5 cm, so when you go to turn the doorknob, it can pinch your thumb.-The room's desk chair has wheels but it is difficult to roll around the room.-If you're watching TV from the desk, the sightline of the TV is partially obstructed by the cabinetry.-Pricey in-room internet access (600 HK/week or 120 HK/day)-Elevators can be warm on a hot day-In-room Nescafe instant coffee is weak (perhaps an improvement to the coffee filter bags would be in store?)  
<Date>Jul 4, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Faultless again! This is our third stay in this hotel, and having tried several in Hong Kong this is the one we consistently return to simply because every time the staff make us feel like very welcome guests not just numbers.This time we had our children with us, and our request for interconnecting rooms was also met with a room upgrade to full harbour view (which the kids loved). We checked in early but the rooms were ready for us, as was evident in the milk and cookies waiting in the childrens room for them. This special touch for the kids was produced for them every evening at turn down time and went down very well. A special mention also has to go to the easter eggs that were produced on Easter Sunday after my unsuccessful attempt to buy some (all sold out). Service in this hotel is always excellent and this stay was no exception. We will be back again.  
<Date>May 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Molecatcher
<Content>Luxurious hotel - spectacular view ! Stayed 5 nights at the beginning of our holiday touring China (by train). We had opted for a harbour view and we thought it well worth the extra, we were on the 44th floor and could see all the traffic crossing Victoria Harbour. The room was large and very well appointed and the bathroom was wonderful with twin wash-basins, a bidet and separate walk-in shower - exactly what we had asked for ! Dined at the Summer Palace restaurant in the hotel one night, but found this very poor value compared to the excellent restaurants in the Mall below the Shangri La, the outstanding one being Zen. The hotel is very well placed for travelling round Hong Kong Island and within easy reach of the Star Ferry across to Kowloon. We did not use any of the organised tours, preferring to 'do it ourselves' , and had great fun travelling on the trams (very cheap too). We were also very impressed on our arrival by the efficiency of the Airport Express train which whisked us from the airport to Central Bus Station and included in the price was a bus service to the door of the Shangri La - all within an hour of landing ! We would thoroughly recommend this hotel for business or pleasure and would have no hesitation in returning.  
<Date>May 26, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful hotel On our recent honeymoon we were lucky enough to stay for two nights in this wonderful hotel.We are pretty well travelled and like to try and treat ourselves to good hotels but the Island Shangri La is easily the best hotel we have ever stayed in.The location of the hotel on Hong King Island was great. Easy access to numerous malls, the nearby ferries (to Kowloon etc) and the main areas of the Island made our break so much more enjoyable. Particular mention must go to Hong Kong park which is just across the road from the Hotel and is great fun.Special mention also goes to the service which was excellent throughout our stay. The staff were very friendly and attentive (without being overbearing) and they made us feel very welcome, and indeed like special guests.Our room was beautifully decorated and furnished and indeed if this hadnt been our first trip to Hong Kong we might well have been happy to spend all of our time in the hotel! Despite getting a very good deal on our room we also had a fantastic view of the peak.The hotel facilities were excellent and the two restaurants that we tried were of an extremely high standard (although not cheap!).We would wholeheartedly recommend the Island Shangri La and look forward to returning at some point in the future.  
<Date>May 8, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>oggybags
<Content>consistently excellent I stay at the island SRL frequently with business, and it isconsistently excellent - staff are always amazing... Isupposethe only picky downside is if you like modern it may be a littlechinzy for you!The service is outstanding...the bar lady in the foyer bar has remembered the drink I have on every visit (as she does with every repeat guest!!) and the pool is simply relaxation at its best!Highly recommended  
<Date>Apr 23, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>BlueSky99
<Content>The Island Shangri-La goes above and beyond...       Deluxe Harbour View room (10) Minibar  
<Date>Apr 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>princesssharon
<Content>Home away from home Well, let's see. This hotel in my opinion is the flagship hotel for the shangri-la group. We alwalys stay at shagrila when we travel (if there is one in the country where we are traveling to).Since this wasn't our first trip, i was surprised that the staff remembered us and they knew exactly what fruit we liked and had it waiting for us. As for service, we can find nothing to complain about (and we are very fussy people)There is a painting or tapestry that is 15 floor high and it is just beautiful. The breakfast at cafe Too is unbelieveable. There is a variety of fresh fruits, fruit juice, cereals, breads, pastries, yogurt, cheese, selection of eggs, chinese dim sums, soup, congee, coffee, tea, noodles. This is breakfast by the way.I didn't use the health club so i can't comment on it but i did have tea at the lounge and i had a good time. While we were there, there were some princesses for Saudi Arabia.(so one would think that the staff would forget about other guests and only entertain the royal family but nope not at the shangrila, they treated everyone very well. and if you didn't read the newspaper and saw the picture of the princess you wouldn't know there was royalty staying at the hotel) Therefore, this has to be one of the best hotels in Hong kong. The rooms of this hotel is excellent. The size is huge for hong kong (38 sq.m.) and the view of the harbour room is wonerful...you can actually spend hours just looking out the window at the traffic of the harbour.(yes there is traffic at the harbour in hongkong). However, if you stay at the peak view room, the view is also beautiful. The bed is fantastic. I slept like a baby and when i woke up in the morning i was ready to face another day with full energy.The mini bar is well stocked. and the range of coffee and teas available for you to make a drink for yourself is also huge.There is LCD tv not only in the room but the bathroom too. The toiletries in the bathroom is top notch. Do not fret if you forgot your comb, toothbrush, toothpaste, laundy detergent or razor as you will find all of this in the bathroom. You have a iron and ironing borad in the room too......and there is lot sof space to hang your clothes.Juat below the island shangrila is the Pacific Place which has almost everything. It is really a one stop shopping.The staff at the hotel is simply wonderful. We needed to make reservations for dinner and i am so depended on my secretary that at that moment i actually missed her and i asked the concierge for help and they were so nice and told me to contact them for anything i needed and only did they make the reservations for me but also faxed the confirmation to my room. A friend needed to have photographs taken to apply for visa to china and we were plesantly surprised that the business center of the island shangrila offers this too. If you need to top up your prepaid mobile phone chip.....do not worry, you can do that at the business center of the island shangrila.There is really nothing that this hotel doesn't do. I can guarantee you that on our upcoming business trip to hong kong in september we will be staying at the island shangrila and make it our home in hong kong. As the staff say welcome home as we checked in. Not very many hotels say that to you.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great view, located very nicely, very good service! I stayed for two nights in March. Srvice was excellent. The hotel is located very nicely in the city center but very quiet. Direct excess to the pacific shopping mall. Nice rooms with a perfect view. I recommend it strongly.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>BeachDweller
<Content>First Rate Hotel with Excellent Service There are so many positive things to say about this hotel that I don't know where to begin. We had a warm welcome at 12:30AM after a long flight and they took care of everything from the bags to welcome tea in our room. During our stay, we had special requests from storing leftovers in their refrigerator to get getting best locations for shopping. Everything was handled with a positive attitude instead of the rolling eyes you sometimes get.Our room was very comfortable and well appointed. The bath products are top notch and the bed was VERY comfortable......I slept like a rock. While in room internet access was an extra charge, there were numerous places throughout the hotel where high speed wireless was available at no extra charge....even the pool! The fitness area and spa areas were well appointed and I enjoyed homemade lemonade. We had a late flight and the hotel stored our baggage and let us use the spa facilities to relax, take a shower, and change before going to the airport.For anyone having business in the central Hong Kong (especially Citigroup building), the location can't be beat. It's a 5 minute walk through Hong Kong Park to Citigroup, there is a shopping mall below the hotel, and the MRT (subway) is only a 5 minute walk as well.In summary, the next visit to Hong Kong will mean a stay at the Shangri La. The combination of service, amenities, and location, just cant be beat!  
<Date>Mar 1, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Bugs1012
<Content>Excellent hotel with amazing bed! From the moment we arrived the service was excellent, we felt like we must be visiting dignatories!We had a peak view room, which probably wasnt as spectacular as the harbour side, but for a first time visit to HK it was still amazing. Our room was on the 54th floor, and also very quiet.The room was immaculately clean, with all the facilities you would expect from a top tier hotel. Even though the mini-bar was not cheap, small touches such as free bottled water and daily newspaper made us feel as if it wasnt just the usual money-grabbing exercise.The bed was just amazing. Enormous and incredibly comfortable. We seriously considered buying all the bed linen (especially the pillows) as it was so comfortable.The location is great - right next door to the Pacfic Mall and only a HK$15 taxi to the waterfront.The only small criticism is that it's more of a business hotel than a vacation hotel - not that it makes much difference. We would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ondannyboy
<Content>Great Hotel What a lovely hotel situated on Hong Kong Island. Great views of the harbour and mountainside.Everyone was very accomodating even though our chinese was very poor. The rooms were immaculate. The beds were very firm and the bathroom was all marble and granite with flat screen tv...awesome. The restaurants in the hotel were very good and the bar was fun to meet new visitors like ourselves. For shopping, Hong Kong has something for everyone. There are a lot of upscale malls scattered throughout the city. We had the most fun at Stanley. Take the city bus(only 5 dollars)Double decker bus, like riding on a ride at Disneyland. Very narrow mountainous roads with very crazy drivers. Unless you are from the U.K.(opposite side of road) use taxis,subways,or walk.Very inexpensive and fun. Stanley has open markets and some of the best restaurants located on the shore. Cafe USA has an excellent menu. Take the tram to the Peak above the city. Breathtaking views with a mall and restaurants there. The ferry that travels back and forth from Hong Kong to Kowloon Penisula is about 35 cents and more fun,especially at night. Kowloon has great shopping and two fun Irish bars,Murphy's and Delaney's. The hotels that are on the water front have a tremendous laser light show at 8:00 p.m. Best inside view is from the Intercontinental Hotel Lounge. Large windows with the skyline view of Hong Kong. If you go, fly Cathay Pacific. They have great rates at hotels and provide free transportation to and from airport. That's important....Enjoy  
<Date>Feb 14, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>FredrikL
<Content>Not world-class luxury The Island Shangri-la Hotel is a good hotel - no doubt - but world-class - perhaps some years ago. The room that I received was large and had a spectacular view. But it felt very out-dated and even had the characteristic smell of mill-dew (complaints about it did not help). Otherwise service was good and concierge-staff went out of their way to help. Breakfast buffet was good, but nothing extra-ordinary. The gym was perhaps the best feature of the hotel. The pool-area very average and sterile. When I come to Hong-Kong next and want a world-class luxury treat, I will definitely stay elsewhere. Probably at the Four Seasons which impressed. That is contemporary luxury. Fredrik/Stockholm  
<Date>Jan 30, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MattDC
<Content>Worth it My wife and I were spending 4 nights in HK so we wanted:- Total efficency- An ideal yet peaceful location in this very crowded island- A quality room- A quiet room- A great pool and gym and spa to work off and sweat out the booze from hectic Hong Kong nights-out and dinner parties- A good bar or 2 to use and to entertain in- Beautiful surroundingsThe hotel managed to meet all of these demands, so USD 600 a night was worth it. Expensive, but worth it.Oh, just 1 thing - the leaflet in the room promoting a discount of equivalent of USD 150 a night for stays just 1 week after we left was rather irritating...and the Shangri-La Singapore is a better hotel.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Donbon
<Content>Everything it's cracked up to be I've just returned from 3 days at this hotel - the booking made on the recommendation of others from this site. It was absolutely fantastic - clearly a 5 star hotel. Here are some of the reasons:- Superb room with a wonderful view over the harbour (we had an executive king size overlooking the harbour). Very smart decor. Large room. Absolutely fully equipped (did you forget your comb, razor, toothrbrush or toothpaste? - all can be found in the bathroom). There was also a printer/fax(maybe?)/internet connection - which my husband made use of since he was there for over a week on business. Well equipped mini bar. Comfy bed. Plenty of hanging space, iron, shoe trees etc etc etc...- Helpful concierge staff - very promptly making dinner reservations and recommendations - and then faxing you the confirmation to your room!- All staff very polite and friendly - as you meet them in the lifts, corridors or wherever- Beautifully presented laundry - complete with folded and wrapped socks! - in a wicker basket- You must see the, what is it, 15 floor tapestry in the Atrium - amazing- Breakfast - wow - served in Cafe Too - where we also had dinner - lovely atmosphere - wonderful food - attentive staff. I think there were 7 different types of food in the restaurant - and the desserts are to die for. I highly recommend the evening buffet!- My husband enjoyed the Cantonese restaurant also.- Didn't try the health club - but it looked (and smelt!) good. People were also swimming outside in November.We had no problems taking the 5th floor lift into the shopping mall below - which was very handy - especially if you oversleep, miss breakfast, and have to go to Starbucks instead!We found that we were very well located for the trams - and for the park - with a 5-10 min stroll to the Peak Tram Railway. We could walk to the harbour (though finding the route via walkway was not always straightforward).Other than that - we recommend Victoria Park on a Sunday; the trams on any day; exploring the markets; eating at Vong (Mandarin Oriental) BEFORE CHRISTMAS - when the hotel shuts for reburbishment and Vong closes too (a great shame); Peak Tram; Star Ferry; the History Museum (in Kowloon) - very interesting -we spent 3 hours there - and had no kids with us! Food-wise, beside Vong, there's also an excellent Dim Sum restaurant which we would highly recommend. It's called Maxim's Palace and is located on the 2nd floor of City Hall, very close to the Star Ferry pier on HK Island. It's a local institution. We were there on a Sunday lunchtime - and loved it. Old ladies wheeling their dim sum trolleys around (between 18 and 29 HKD per dish on average) - and there was even a wedding party there (with bride in white). It felt very authentic and was obviously very popular (they have a ticket-queuing system in operation).Have fun!  
<Date>Nov 18, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Altobelli
<Content>Simply the best Just back from a full week in the Island Shangri-La with my wife. I have to say that this is simply the best hotel I have ever stayed in.Where to start? The decor is superb and immaculate everywhere - from the toilets in the lobby to the bars/restaurants, and bedrooms. The style combines the most beautiful of Chinese design with modern functionality (check out the hand painted scenes in the elevators or the amazing bathrooms equipped with TV above the bath). The rooms are a good size for HK and beds/pillows are sumptuous. The gym, pool and spa are also wonderful, though if you are planning to spend a lot of time at the pool be aware there is some minor construction going on next door. In terms of restaurants we ate in the Summer Palace (Cantonese) twice which was excellent and relatively good value. The French restaurant on the top floor has fantastic views but was very expensive.What made our stay so special was the service. Much is made of the service in Asian 5 star hotels, but the Shang put US and European hotels in the shade. Everyone seems to know your name, even some people you haven't met direct. The hotel limousine service is worth the HK$700 - nice Merc with water, mints etc. Also means you are checked in from your hotel bedroom, which is great after a long flight.Nothing is too much trouble...one morning I was ordering breakfast in the hotel coffee shop, and I enquired whether it would be possible to have some of the scones that I saw served for afternoon tea. The Manageress (a wonderful lady called Scarlet) informed me that she would personally arrange for the chef to make some especially for me the next morning (which duly happened). Would I like raisin or plain, hot or cold, with butter or cream?? This was truly awesome service. The staff were so friendly and helpful - unlike some US hotels, were not doing it for tips - they genuinely only seemed interested in making sure you had the best experience possible.While in HK I dropped in and had a look at the other top hotels - here are my views:Four Seasons - very modern, minimalist design. Great shopping centre next door. Landmark Mandarin Oriental - very modern/designer hotel. For me both the above lacked any real Asian culture or atmosphere - they could have been modern 5 star hotels in any major city in the world.The Ritz Carlton and Hyatt had real class but perhaps looked a little dated (1980's). We ate in the Italian restaurants in both of these hotels, and the Toscana in the Ritz was one of the best meals we've ever had (superb food, service and surroundings). Great view from Grissinis in the Hyatt, but the food wasn't as good as Toscanas.The legendary Mandarin Oriental (not to be confused with the newer Landmark MO across the street) is closing shortly for a well needed refurb.The Peninsula - legendary, classic colonial design, but full of tourists looking for afternoon tea. For me location is poor (located in Kowloon rather than in HK island). We ate in the famous Phillip Starke designed Felix restaurant - great decor but food was just ok. To be honest, you probably cannot go wrong with any of the 5 star hotels in HK, but in my opinion the Shang tops the lot - great location (walking distance to everything/next door to the fantastic Pacific Place shopping centre), unbelieveable service and beautiful decor. I hope I am lucky enough to stay there again!  
<Date>Nov 5, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>BettyCardiff
<Content>Absolutely 5 star       View from our room  
<Date>Oct 22, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cmm.
<Content>Truly above and beyond any other       Harbor view from hotel room on 44th Floor  
<Date>Oct 18, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ThWilmesi
<Content>Excellent 5 star Hotel The Shangri-La is a very solid 5 star hotel which has its strengths in particular in their service attitude, from the moment you are greeted at the airport until you leave Hongkong, they make you feel at home. The rooms are spacious, with the latest technology, one additonal plus would be if there would be a wireless broadband service. The restaurants are very good, I had dinner at the Lobster bar as well as breakfast and dinner at their all day buffet restaurant Cafe Too, both restaurant proved to be very good. Location of the hotel with their connection to MTR and Pacific place is wonderful. Can only recommend this wonderful hotel  
<Date>Sep 12, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Number10
<Content>Excellent hotel This is a splendid hotel, exactly as on the Shangri La website. The levels of service are superb. Restaurants excellent. I was travelling with my two children aged 11 and 15. They loved the room - particularly the television in the bathroom and the view of the harbour. The fresh fruit and green tea on arrival were welcome. The pool is pleasant and the staff charming. We would be delighted to stay there again.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>misdirected_baggage
<Content>Breathtaking I've stayed at this hotel on 3 separate occasions with consistent impressions. A Mercedes limo wisks you from the airport to the hotel while your registration is prepared at the hotel en-route (be forewarned, the limo ride is expensive and probably an option for the expense account traveler). The hotel's location is unsurpassed, with the peak tram and a Hong Kong park only steps away and the Pacific Place mall located almost directly below the hotel. Walking from the hotel to downtown, however, can be a bit tricky without instructions from the staff. Book a room on the harbor side of the hotel. Rooms start on the upper floors of the tower (lower floors are occupied by offices) and, although harbor-side rooms command a steep premium, the views are among the best in the world. Lying in bed watching the non-stop traffic in Hong Kong harbor may be among the most romantic and exotic things one can ever do. Bedside electronics control the curtains and lights. Though average sized, rooms are very well finished with large luxury marble baths including a bidet. The breakfast and lunch buffets are the culinary equivalent of shock and awe and may alone be worth the trip (reservations are necessary for lunch). Staff is helpful and efficient with reservations and directions. The main restaurant (Petrus) has excellent continental fare and a lovely view of the harbor and Kowloon. All in all, the Island Shangri-La is an oasis in the flurry of activity that characterizes Hong Kong.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The worst serviced 鈥? Star鈥?hotel in Hong Kong Thanks for letting me to express my disappointment and disgracefulness with a so-called 鈥淔ive Star鈥?hotel in Hong Kong 鈥?Island Shangri-la Hotel. Even we were just a contractor (our client was the company which rented the hotel鈥檚 ballroom for function), I could not imagine I deserve this kind of service and attitude from these people of this hotel.We were hired by our client to work on providing AV services for their function at the Island Shangri-la today. The event was ended at 6.45p.m., and we had packed our equipment till around 7.20p.m. As soon as our stuff was packed, I went to the Banquet office for a form to leave the building. Since the office (on 5/F) was empty, so I ran down to the Security office (on 3/F) for help. Then, I was told by the Security office that the Banquet office was the only place to issue the form. So, I hopelessly ran up to the Banquet office again to try my luck. Unfortunately, the room was still empty. Therefore, I ran back to the ballroom to seek help. Since someone of the hotel was working in the other side of the ballroom, I tried to seek help from him. Again, the response I got was nothing more than negligence. 鈥淥h, then you may have to wait!鈥?- such a thoughtful response and that why I finally understood he didn鈥檛 really need to 鈥渉elp鈥?us. After a while, this 鈥渢houghtful鈥?staff finally said to us 鈥淔ollow me, I get you form鈥?then my colleague followed him. Again, that kind of 鈥渋t鈥檚 not my business鈥?expression was still on his face. After another while, they came back with the form without an authorized signature, so that 鈥渢houghtful鈥?staff asked his colleague to find someone to sign the form and asked us to wait downstairs at the exit. It had taken us almost 30 minutes to get to this point.When we arrived at the exit, we found the security booth was left empty, and the gate was closed. Only two cleaning staff were cleaning the floor. Thus, we were trapped behind a stinky garbage storage area. Since we still had the hotel working badges in hand, we decided to return them to the Security office and found someone to open the gate. Then, we were told by the Security office that someone would be down there to open the gate. After at least another 15 minutes, we were still stuck in that stinky garbage storage area. As we found the switch for the gate, we tried to open the gate by ourselves. As soon as we tried to open it, we got yelled by the two cleaning staff. They claimed that they were responsible to watch over the gate, so nobody could open it without permission. While we were being scolded and yelled by them, someone from the Security Office 鈥渇inally鈥?show up and let us go. Again, we didn鈥檛 receive any apologies from anyone in this incident. And it had taken us almost an hour to leave this terrible place. In short, there are few mysteries that keep coming into my mind:1.What makes the cleaning staff to play the role as security guard in an acclaimed 5 Star Hotel?2.Is it because we are not the client, so we deserve this impolite and inattentive services and attitude from the hotel鈥檚 staff?3.To my understanding, 鈥淪ecurity鈥?implies 24/7 attentiveness, especially for a high-graded service industry. I hope they only treat 鈥渘on-clients鈥?in this way, it would be a really nightmare for our tourism industry otherwise.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best hotel I've stayed at! This hotel is without a doubt the best hotel I've stayed in - as alot of the previous reviews have stated every little detail is looked after and all without it being 'in your face' - the subtle yet excellent service is what you are paying for.I was in Hong Kong for a week for a business trip, the hotel is excellently located right next to a MTR station and above a shopping centre. My room was large and spacious, with views of the harbour, bathroom was huge and also an extra feature was the inbuilt tv in the wall so you could relax in the bath and still watch tv!I didnt get a chance to try the restaurants in the hotel so cant really comment on the food , though did try room service on a few occasions and the variety of food was excellent as wella s delivered efficiently and quickly.As a single woman travelling around I wasnt at all worried about safety, public transport is clean and efficient, people are friendly.Hong Kong is a must to visit! And no visit is complete without a trip to the Peak - the views from there are breathtaking.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>westphillyboy
<Content>Great Hotel Excellent hotel stay. Service was impeccable. Fresh flowers  fruit delivered to our room. From the moment you arrive at the door they are helping you-- taking your luggage, escorting you to the reservation desk. We only ate at 2 of the restaurants (?? names), but both meals were great. Hotel was in good central proximity to MTR, shopping, sites. Rooms were well appointed. Staff was very friendly. I would highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Worried about Nadaman My husband and I travelled to Hong Kong for a quick weekend getaway. The hotel was fine except we had a pretty bad experience at the hotel's Japanese restaurant, Nadaman.We were there on a Friday night so it was quite busy but the service seemed good at first so we had no complaints. Afterall, we were eating at one the best hotels in HK. An hour after we finished our appetizers (I ordered a kaiseki set and my husband ordered sashimi + tonkatsu and rice), we still had not seen the main course so I asked the waiters to check on our food. 20 minutes later we were still sitting there without a tea refill so we again asked the waiters to check on our food. They of course gave us a nice big smile and said they would work on it. Finally I was getting really impatient (and hungry) and worried that my husband would not make his late night conference call so I asked the waiters to check on our main course for the third time. We gave them a final chance to check on our food (the 4th time) and someone finally came back to tell us they were cooking my husband's main course. He had only eaten a handroll all night and was really really hungry. One of the head waiters apologized by the waitress who had served us gave us a disgusted look.My husband left for his conference call w/o eating any more food. His main course never arrived. I'm not going back to Nadaman and don't recommend this restaurant to anyone. The service was horrible - not up to standard of any restaurant in a world class hotel!  
<Date>Jun 4, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>operaone
<Content>Stay Here!       Hong Kong Island skyline from the Star Ferry  
<Date>May 19, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>scout408
<Content>top of the line but you pay for it   showReview(3417094, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 26, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Totally Spoilt   showReview(3372791, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 18, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Dezzydez
<Content>Highly recommended   showReview(3332434, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 5, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>barrington a
<Content>Christmas at the Shangri-La       The Lobby  
<Date>Mar 19, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Padong
<Content>Truly exceptional       Bathroom vanity  
<Date>Jan 4, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>pradancer
<Content>Mind-Blowing   showReview(2964545, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 30, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MemberfromPadova
<Content>If not the best, definitely one of the best worldwide   showReview(2781265, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 23, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Paul_PDX
<Content>Maybe the Best Hotel in World   showReview(2313644, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 21, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect Place on HK Island   showReview(2192701, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 16, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best hotel in Hong Kong 2004   showReview(2182526, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 11, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>銈炽儉銉冦偗
<Content>渚垮埄銇ч珮绱氥仾銉涖儐銉?#x201d;   showReview(23005299, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>Sugarbabe5
<Content>瀹夊績锛嗕俊闋笺仹銇嶃倠銉涖儐銉?#x201d;   showReview(22931138, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 22, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>hir(^0^)
<Content>銉忋兗銉愩兗銉撱儱銉笺伄銇婇儴灞嬨亴绱犳暤   showReview(21020196, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Hesse
<Content>sehr gutes Business Hotel   showReview(16768698, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 8, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>棣欐腐銇с伅銉欍偣銉堛仩銇ㄦ€濄仯銇︺亜銇俱仚   showReview(19164104, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 13, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏅壊銇屾渶楂?#x201d;   showReview(19157880, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 11, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>5/16銇嬨倝3娉娿仐銇?..   showReview(19927769, 'full');   
<Date>May 31, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏂般仐銇忔敼瑁呫仐銇熼儴灞嬨伀...   showReview(19925642, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 3, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉斻兗銈儞銉ャ兗銇屻亰鍕с倎...   showReview(19923198, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 29, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>閮ㄥ眿銇偡銉ｃ兂銉囥儶銈亴...   showReview(19920649, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 23, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>56闅庡缓銇︺伄楂樺堡銉涖儐...   showReview(19920385, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 13, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>楂樼礆銉涖儐銉伀銇傘倞銇屻仭...   showReview(19917130, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 15, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>浠婂洖銇紨娉娿仐銇俱仐銇?..   showReview(19916400, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 16, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

