<Author>FKS
<Content>friendly staff, nice lobby, but door lock failed four times       tv  
<Date>Jan 8, 2009
<Rating>3	4	3	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>The_Breaker
<Content>Very Average... This is a hotel which should be easy to like... but it's not. It's a budget hotel which seems to be charging prices for and billing itself as something better. My overall stay wasn't unpleasant, but for the money I paid I expected something a little better.I'm not a beach goer so the fact that it was some distance from the water didn't worry me, if you plan to be back and forth to the beach though then you'll be disappointed.The location is great for wandering around the Waikiki shopping area though and the bus to Honolulu, Ala Moana, the airport etc. all stop right outside the front door which is very convenient.The problem is all the hype calling this a `new' hotel. I don't know for sure but it looks to me like there was an `old' hotel using these buildings before the Wyland people moved in and renovated the lobby and the pool area. Although the furniture is new, the rooms seem a bit dated. They could do with painting (ironic since that's what Wyland is all about!!) and have bad noise issues. Do not stay on the lower floors or on the Kuhio side if you can avoid it - I've stayed in many hotels all over the world (3 in Waikiki) and I've never had such a problem with noise as in this hotel. I went to sleep hearing every footstep on the street outside and I was woken at 6:00am by the buses which sounded like they were in the room with me.I eventually moved into the other tower at the hotel where the rooms were equally `tired'. I could hear every conversation, shower and toilet flush from the room next door. An additional pain is that there is only 1 tiny elevator to service the 12 floors which means there's a lot of waiting around if you're too high up for the stairs to be an option.The staff were friendly and helpful - though it wasn't until my second attempt and a threat to cancel the remainder of my stay that I was moved into a quieter room. Also, I found the free wireless internet in the lobby to be unreliable... But I wasn't there for the internet.I can't help but think Wyland should have lent his name to a quality hotel instead of this `cheaper' option. Just sticking a few paintings on the walls doesn't change the fact that this is a very average hotel. For the same sort of money you can stay somewhere much better where the quality is genuine and not quite so superficial.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2009
<Rating>3	2	2	3	3	3	2	2	

<Author>wiggga
<Content>Good Location...Good Beds We stayed for 8 nights beginnning Dec 23rd. I booked a one bedroom suite but we were actually given a one bedroom suite with a kitchenette (I think the suites have more square footage if they do NOT have a kitchenette in them)....the room was clean but badly in need of new paint. Walls were badly marked up from luggage, shoes, etc. The one bedroom suites are in the back building across driveway that runs by the pool. Suites are not huge.... the rooms are divided by a wall with a shuttered window opening and a sliding door between living area with sleep sofa and bedroom with king bed. We were on the 5th floor (1 elevator and not very fast) and the street noise was noticeable but not awful...one night a screaming woman woke my husband and me up...seems it was a fight between her and her boyfriend. Hotel does have great security around. Bed was super comfortable and linens were soft and stylish. Room was very clean other than the marks all over the walls as previously mentioned. Shower had great water pressure and air conditoner worked great. Staff is SUPER..friendly and very helpful (especially the bellmen). Location is great and price was awesome compared to hotels closer to beach. Walk to beach is easy and there is plenty to look at along the way. Hotel has plenty of beach towels available for pool or beach use located in bins by the pool. Duke's Restaurant at the Outrigger on the beach is a must....good buffet at lunch and wonderful setting. McDonald's and IHOP are across from hotel for a quick breakfast...we never ate at hotel. Giovanni Pastrami's on Lewers is good for a deli style sandwiches, pizza, etc. I had the hot dog and it was great. It is a sports bar type setting and moderately priced. I would stay at the Wyland again but would ask for a room on a higher floor to cut down on some road noise.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2009
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>travelbuggalugs
<Content>Wonderful Wyland My friends and I stayed at the Wyland and we all thought it was wonderful. The staff were friendly and helpful, the rooms were clean and newly refurbished and the location is pretty good. You're just down the road from DFS Galleria!The rooms are on the smaller side, but to us it didn't matter as we only spent minimal time in the rooms. The beds are however awesome!  
<Date>Dec 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	3	4	4	4	5	

<Author>Krusette
<Content>Wyland Was Nice, Not Amazing I was looking for a more luxurious hotel, but I guess I got a little too hung up on the good deal I found on Orbitz for the Wyland Waikiki and booked 7 days there. I have no major complaints, but it wasn't anything super special. The other reviewers here who mentioned the loud street noise and noisy air conditioners were dead on. I guess I thought I could just ask for a room on the pool-side of the main tower once I got there, but the front desk staff said those rooms are basically always booked. So, we had to keep our street-side room. It was loud the whole time -- mostly buses and traffic, but the occasional screaming person on the street too. That said, the beds were great. The sheets were very comfortable. The room was pretty nice, not super huge though. (As suite hotels go, I thought the one bedroom suites at Embassy Suites were much bigger/better.) I am about the biggest clean freak you'll ever meet and the level of cleanliness met my high standards, but I felt like there were water stains on the black granite bathroom vanity. I hope they were water stains. Another good aspect was the very low number of kids we encountered at the Wyland. I picked this place because others didn't peg it as kid-friendly. We mostly encountered honeymooners and middle-aged couples. The staff was all very helpful. The bartender did an acceptable job, but the margaritas were below average. Decent Mai Tais. We used the free breakfast vouchers a few times. The breakfast was medicore. Dry scrambled eggs, decent potatoes, passable bacon and sausage and not enough fruit. We did not eat at the Wyland's Italian restaurant, Spada for dinner -- it looked empty each night. If you want a fancy meal try Alan Wong's on King Street. Amazing food. Also, Keo's Thai restaurant, just 4 blocks down from Wyland was great. Not at all expensive. We ate there twice.Don't bother with the Wyland's Spa Pure. It's fine, but the massages we got there seemed really rushed. I only used their spa because I couldn't find any great reviews for any others on Waikiki, besides the Halekulani spa, which was astronomical. As an aside, we visited the Halekulani's Lewer's Lounge one night and it was fabulous -- top tier cocktails and live piano lounge music. Also, the Halekulani's House Without a Key restaurant was excellent. Halekulani became our 'adopted hotel' -- we visited there almost daily. (Too bad rooms there are $650 per night.)All in all, I'd recommend the Wyland to people who aren't looking for luxury, but just a nice stay. Just be sure to call and reserve a pool-side room far, far, far in advance. If you want a luxury experience, go elsewhere.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	3	4	3	-1	3	

<Author>misskitz
<Content>Awesome Stay at Wyland!       Another view of the room  
<Date>Dec 25, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sugara10
<Content>Ok but NOT Great The rooms are too small. Don't be deceived by the pictures online. Beds are comfortable but are not as described. Twin beds are Singles and Queen are really Doubles. Washroom door was falling apart. Maintenance came to fix it and it's starting to fall apart again. When taking a shower you are very very close to the walls...weird design. Toliet requires extra strength to flush and sounds like the kind on airplanesNow to the good stuff...free internet and free calling back to Canada. Made good use of the massage chairs and is conveniently located. Good to have a coffee shop located in the building. Front desk staff and maids were very nice despite shortcomings with the facilities.  
<Date>Dec 14, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	3	2	4	4	4	

<Author>almaelou
<Content>Great for price The thing to remember about this hotel is that it is recently remodled, itsn't new. They put some fresh paint and new furniture in it but it is still an older hotel. The rooms are small but who spends time in their hotel when they are in Hawaii?? The hotel is actually several different buildings which was confussing when we were trying to find our room the first time. The free breakfast was nice because it could be used at any time during the day and was worth over $10! If you are staying at this resonabily priced hotel then that adds up. The balcony was small but still used it everyday. Buses stops are just outside the building.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>melbellekitty
<Content>good location and value My boyfriend and I recently stayed at the Wyland for two nights. Our room (city view with kitchenette) was just the right size for us, although people traveling with children might find it too small. The bed was comfortable. We were on the fourth floor, and I found the room to be surprisingly quiet (except when the garbage trucks come in the morning, but it wasn't a big deal at all). No ocean view, but the hotel is only a 5-10 minute walk from the beach. Also is walking distance to lots of shops, restaurants, and bars.If you're a Hawaii resident, the Wyland has a good kama'aina rate. If you have never been to Hawaii before, and you want the complete tropical getaway experience, you may want to consider a hotel right on the beach (keep in mind that these are much more expensive).  
<Date>Dec 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JerryandMary-Belmont
<Content>Bargain on Waikiki This is an excellent value. The prices are very good for Waikiki. It is two blocks from the expensive hotels on the beach, so stay here and spend your money on nice meals on the water. Very helpful staff, not over-fancy facilities - small bar, coffee shop, on-site restaurant, pools. Rooms clean and modern. Wi-fi in lobby, internet in rooms. No extra charges for anything.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>cornyo
<Content>Nice hotel Not a bad hotel. I think I was expecting something a little higher class since it is called the Wyland (we love this artist). Anyway, the lobby, pool and rooms were pretty nice. There was wi-fi available but only in the lobby (I couldn't access it though, for some reason). They have 2 computers available for web-surfing (for free!!!). The cafe is not bad (what's with Spam?!). The hotel is conveniently located (close to main street and Tram depot) but far enough away to not be too noisy.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>aofficer78
<Content>Wonderful Wyland! We stayed at the Wyland for 10 Days from November 18-27, we booked our room through their every third night free, free daily breakfast and free room upgrade special.We were very impressed with the modern decor and friendly staff. We checked in late and were given a free double upgrade. We had room 421, in the main tower above the lobby area. This room was on the top floor of this portion of the building, it was fairly quiet. It had a outdoor entrance overlooking the pool and front of the hotel, we also had a city view from our balcony overlooking Kuhio Ave. Our room was spacious with a king size bed, kitchenette, air conditioner and more than enough room for storage. The free breakfast included either a free coffee, tea, bottled water or POG juice as well a 1 free breakfast pastry. We found that it was enough to start our day, but neither of us are big breakfast eaters. The free internet access in the lobby was great, we usually used it in the morning so we rarely had to wait for a computer to free up. The lobby got pretty noisy in the evening because of the bar, but we were usually out or in our room so it didn't bother is at all.The main pool area is beautiful, the pool was a little cold, and the hot tub was not hot, but we rarely used it, so it wasn't a issue. There is also a saltwater pool in the second tower, but we didn't have time to check it out. The chill room was also a great touch, the massage chairs were great after a long day out.We had a rental car for the last three days of our trip so we used the valet parking, everything we read said that the valet fee was $25 a day, but we were only charged $18 a day with unlimited in and out service, so that was a nice surprise.Over all we were very happy with our stay and would recommend it to anyone.Anyone making complaints about this hotel obviously has unattainable standards and would probably complain about anywhere they stayed. Honolulu/Waikiki is a small, highly populated city, the land is limited, so all rooms are on the smaller side, but who goes to Hawaii to hang out in their room? And anyone who lives in a major city will easily adjust to the outdoor noise, if you live in the suburbs you鈥檒l probably find it noisy. If room size, noise and crowds are an issue for you, may I suggest you look into one the other Islands.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Starcrusher
<Content>Dirty Rooms for You Honeymoon I was so excited to stay here for our wedding/honeymoon. When we got there the staff was okay. Didn't seem overly helpful. We get to the room and it was THE smallest room I have ever seen in MY LIFE!!!! We make the best of NO room, and settle in. After a couple days we are just EATEN up by bug bites, we notice that there are ANTS in the bed. I call down to the front desk and I am told that the sheets will only be changed every 3 days. We ask that they are changed ASAP. We go to get and get back and the sheets are changed. The next day....there is some weird bugs all over the floor.NOT clean in this hotel at all, so I look around more closely. I took a wash cloth around the sink and it was BLACK with dirt. Now we had also valeted our rental car. The valets hit something in it. While we were filling out the reports (AND being questions by rent-a-cops like we committed a crime) I see the valet parking another car, pulled forward and it the car in from of him. I have to say the was THE worst OVERALL hotel I have ever stayed in.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	2	1	-1	

<Author>TravelingSaleman
<Content>Excellent Hotel       View of City from Deck  
<Date>Nov 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>t_m_geelong
<Content>Easy Breezy We arrived at the Wyland Waikiki straight off the plane from Sydney, very tired! We arrived at 9am and our room was not ready for us. We received a free upgrade to a kitchenette room for that reason and also free daily breakfast, which was a full breakfast, not like a bagel in previous reviews. The room was big, clean and comfortable. The bathroom was also clean and a good size. The lobby was beautiful with free internet access. Although we did not make it into the pool, it looked great!  
<Date>Nov 18, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	4	5	5	

<Author>Midwest25
<Content>Great hotel for the price We chose the Wyland based on the good reviews and location. Overall, we were very pleased. Reviews are accurate, the rooms are small but for a city, not unexpected. The location was ideal, 2 blocks from shopping and 3-4 blocks from the beach. They have a lounge with spa chairs which were fun to use after a long day. Nice balconey with a city view room that also had a small view to the ocean. Free hot breakfast was included with our stay which was a nice addition. Desk, restaurant and parking staff were all great to work with and friendly. Only complaint...no ice machines. We were on the 17th floor, after calling the desk, ice is available only through room service delivery. After waiting 45 minutes, called again and received promptly. Minor inconvenience no bathroom outlet near the mirror. Had to plug in appliances across the room near light switch, but small bathroom and cord able to reach. Small shower but water pressure and temperature fine. Limited bathroom storage. Overall, for a city hotel a great value, clean, comfortable and friendly staff. Would definitely recommend  
<Date>Nov 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	3	

<Author>BCMck
<Content>Perfect way to start our honeymoon We stayed at the Wyland Waikiki in mid-late October 2008 as a kick off to our honeymoon. Upon check in we were told our room wasnt ready (as it was 7am in the morning, so we figured it wouldnt be) so we were told to come back, we returned about 12 o'clock and were told we could upgrade to a bigger room which would be available straight away for a small per day cost (about $28 per day). As we were fairly jetlagged we took up the offer and checked in straight away, it was a good move too as we had a bigger room which felt a bit more homely. The staff at the desk and conceirge were always extremely friendly and the breakfast vouchers were a great idea for a quick snack before heading out. Both the pools were nice and not overcrowded and you are only a few minutes walk (through the big hotels) to the beach front. Once you have walked through the massive crowds at the big hotels you appreciate actually staying back away from the beach. Another bonus to the Wyland was that they have two good sized apple mac's in the lobby for internet usage and a chill out room with Xbox massive plasma tv and massage chairs - it makes waiting around a pleasure. All in all excellent stay, value for money and no complaints whatsoever - would highly recommend to anyone.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>reallycold
<Content>Fantastic experience We usually stayed at one of the Ohana properties but liked the look and reviews of the Wyland. We were familiar with some of the artist's work and thought it may be interesting to stay at a boutique hotel. The moment we arrived the bellman took our luggage and said to give them a call when we checked in, we had a great experience at the front desk, very warm courteous people that were asking if there was anything at all that they could do and offered a nice coupon book for local attractions as well as free breakfast and beverage coupons for the hotel store.  The bellman promptyly delivered our luggage and was very nice. The entire hotel staff were wonderful, we could not have asked for better people.  The spa in the hotel was great also very reasonable prices and well worth the money especially after the long flight. We intend to stay there again on our next trip.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>gmagap
<Content>jimsusancan We stayed in room 1003 in the main tower from Oct.27th thru Nov.7th. Totally satisfied with everthing we from Canada needed or could have expected.. This was thru Halloween and the USA election. Both events were absolutely fantastic to watch.Do not ever miss Wakiki on halloween if you in the area, It is probably one of the worlds best kept secrets for fun. Wyland's bed was great, continential breakfast snack satisfactory and fresh, room were cleaned whenever we wanted it done, short walk to everything ( Shopping-Beach- Good food -etc). loved the 15 min free phone call stuff back to Edmonton Alberta Canada and elsewhere in the USA. Pools and chill rooms were excellent. The Bus is everwhere to go all over Honolulu and the Island for only $2. Will be booking here again for our next trip as soon as we can afford it. Its the world economy only that is keeping this hotel from being full up most of the time.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Scotsman2007
<Content>Loved it! We stayed at the Wyland for 9 nights from 30th Oct - 8th Nov as part of our honeymoon. We'd seen photos and promo videos of the hotel so had high expectations and we weren't disappointed.We had a partial-ocean view and perfect situation to watch the sunset over the Pacific Ocean. The complementary breakfast in the Kimobean coffee place was ideal to start the day with and the location is excellent - 5 mins walk from the beach and downtown Waikiki. The room was excellent - very comfortable bed, clean and well-proportioned. The facilities were also excellent - lovely cool pool and hot hottub. Didn't use the Spa or gym but looked fine. The bar was friendly and ideal for winding down by the pool after a busy day and the barman does a mean Blue Hawaiian! The Wyland and Kim Taylor artwork and sculpures around the hotel are fantastic.Only slight downside was the noise of traffic and the odd reveller outside at night but we soon got used to it.Excellent value, friendly staff, great facilities - I'd highly recommend the Wyland.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	4	3	

<Author>tamaplaza
<Content>Loved the Wyland Just returned from a 5-night stay in Waikiki with my mother. We stayed at the lovely Wyland Waikiki. It was perfectly located just a couple of blocks back from the beach and on the main bus route. With our early internet booking we got a free upgrade to a partial ocean view (12th floor), we could see the sun set over the water we were pleasantly surprised. We had a twin room so it was a little on the small side but that didn't matter a bit as there was ample cupboard space, nice big flat screen TV and a great size mini fridge for all our snacks and drinks. The beds were the best thing as I have never stayed in a more comfortable bed. The bathroom was small but very clean. The only negative thing I can think of was the shower, we could only seem to get hot water if we turned the shower on quite hard. Had great pressure though.The hotel itself was beautiful, lovely paintings by the artist, Wyland, on each floor, free internet access in the lobby and the staff were very friendly. The pool area was gorgeous. Would definitely go back to The Wyland. Sarah K (QLD)  
<Date>Nov 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	5	

<Author>Sweetsugar1621
<Content>Everything we expected AND MORE! As with most reviewers on here I did not choose the Wyland Waikiki lightly. We must have spent 2 months trawling through the internet (and of course using Trip Advisor for most to check out reviews). When we finally decided to go for the Wyland, it was because it ticked nearly all the boxes we were looking for. We had been to Hawaii for our honeymoon and stayed at the Hilton Hawaii Village, but we found it to be a little out dated and in need of modernisation, so decided against staying there this time. We wanted something modern, close to shops and restaurants, walking distance to the beach, with a swimming pool and the Wyland hit the spot with everything! Myself and hubby love to shop shop shop so the fact that the bus stop was RIGHT outside the hotel door was a REAL plus! Just jump aboard and 10 minutes later you are at the Alamoana Shopping Centre, FANTASTIC!!! I know some people have criticized the free breakfast but I thought it was fantastic, some of the pastries were gorgeous, and extra fresh first thing, and we always made sure to grab our free bottle of water to stay hydrated on the hot days (and there were alot of them)!The hotel staff were great! Reception staff were really helpful, the conciege gave us great advice when we were looking for a hire car etc and the bar staff were awesome (especially Geneva and Isaac who were masters of the American welcome)!! Rooms were great, although this was the only very very slight criticism I had. I would say that some of the walls in the room could have done with a lick of paint (having been clearly roughed up by large suitcases) and the air conditioning was on the loud side! That being said, the room was brilliant. We had booked a one bedroom suite which was a really really good size with sepearate lounge and bedroom with a kitchenette area and good size bathroom! Amazing for the price!All in all we would recommend this to everyone and will definately be returning there, when we can deal with the huge long hawl travelling from Channel Islands to Hawaii Islands!!!STAY HERE!!!!!  
<Date>Nov 7, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>bellagreen
<Content>Loved it! Wished we could've stayed longer. I think it may just be the best deal in Waikiki. We paid about $120 for the standard room, which was newly refubrished and modern, and the location is very central to Waikiki.* Gorgeous lobby with a beautiful aquarium and Wyland paintings on the walls. A decently helpful concierge, lounge area complete with massage chairs and XBoxes to play with, and neat that they have free Pixie Sticks at the reception too. * Free internet access on iMacs with their flat screen monitors. And free WIFI if you'd rather use your own laptop.* Great little pool with two spas (one with waterfall) and free flow of Otter Pops from the little freezer nearby. * Though the standard room was ultra small, the rooms are modern. Standard rooms come with a balcony, flat screen TV, plush beds, and free cable internet access. * Located on the central part of Kuhio, about a block away from Waikiki Beach and all the shops and restaurants. Have you seen the other budget options on Kuhio? * For some reason, we weren't offered free breakfast like everyone else, which is one thing that was slightly disappointing. Wish I'd known to ask.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	2	4	5	

<Author>barbiespice99
<Content>Excellent - will definitely come back We were more than pleased when we arrived at the Wyland. The whole hotel has gone through a major renovation/refurbishment and it has done wonders. We stayed in a suite which was fantastic. The fitout was classy and we had a microwave which was great for cooking our own meals to save some money.The fitness centre is new and has a lot of equipment. It has a water cooler, towels, televisions and is air conditioned.They have free otter pops by the pool. There are two huge iMacs in the lobby that have free internet for guests. The bar staff are friendly.Within the heart of Waikiki. The bus stops out the front of the hotel to go to Ala Moana shopping centre.Free breakfast was included from the coffee shop within the hotel.There is only one thing that I have to complain about and that was the street noise that came through the airconditioner into the room. We were on the 4th floor, so this problem might be eradicated by asking for a room that faces the pool, or one on a high level.Very very happy with our choice and will return next year with bells on.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lisa_jeff_8
<Content>CAN'T WAIT TO GO BACK! After 3 months of research I finally decided on the Wyland...I am so glad that I did.We stayed 8 nights Oct 17-25th. Every day was better than the next. The hotel is beautiful, the room (#1720) was perfect and I had read numerous reviews with negative comments regarding the coffee and pastry each morning...really it was awesome. You can also choose a bagel and cream cheese and we often saved the pastry or bagel for a snack in the afternoon and went somewhere else for breakfast...just a note that Moose Mcguillacutty (probably wrong spelling) is walking distance and has a 2 for one coupon in every booklet you see and gives you a coupon each time you come...so that was great too.Anywhow the pools were awesome, the gym was awesome and the massage chairs were awesome... seriously I would recomment this hotel to everyone I know. Walking distance to anything you want and bus stop out front as well as the HIlo Hattie free shuttle. This will also drop you at Ala Moana on the way back or the Ward Center for more shopping and pick you up again if you sort of wave your Hilo Hattie bag at him on approach...Our room was a corner, top floor and had a partial ocena view out the side window, but the awesome thing was a lanai at the end of the floor hallway...doors to outside always open and we could go out there and check out the views too. The salt water pool is VERY warm but i loved that, the larger pool just across the valet parking area...seriously like a 1 minute walk from one building to the other is very cool for the hot days and the whirlpool there is not too hot...convenient bathrooms at poolside and the bar is very nice just up 3 stairs and there are nice little tables you can sit and relax at. YOu can walk to the beach in minutes, to the Beachwalk and the market place, you can walk down to the hotels on the beach for shows or cocktails and dinners... So all in all we were just thrilled to have chosen this property...not one negative to say.lisa and jeff  
<Date>Oct 29, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Pocket19
<Content>There are better options! We spent 4 nights at the Wyland Waikiki. Two reasons we picked it were 1) it was very modern looking in the photos we had seen, 2) continental breakfast was included.Firstly, the continental breakfast was a pastry and juice from the little coffee shop downstairs with no decent place to sit and which only had a certain number available each day, so if you got there a little late, you missed out! (And after 4 days you were sick of bagels!)Secondly, we got absolutely no sleep the first night we were there due to excessive traffic noise coming from the main road. Doors and windows to the rooms did not close and/or seal properly so the noise was like sitting on the side of the road. The air conditioning was definitely not new and was also very noisy.The next morning we asked to be moved to a room on the opposite side of the building away from the road. There was another guest at reception at the same time as us with exactly the same complaint.On the plus side, they did move us to another room in the adjacent building which was much quieter.The staff were all very friendly and rooms cleaned regularly. Common areas were very modern and included free internet (on Mac computers).On the map it does look like it's very close to the beach, but to get to the beach access it's actually a much longer walk. There are definitely other hotels much closer to the beach.We wouldn't stay here again, as we saw many other hotels in better locations that we thought would be worth the extra cost.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	2	3	3	3	3	

<Author>versie321
<Content>Waikiki's finest       The Sharp's @ the Wyland Waikiki  
<Date>Oct 23, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>katieseesworld
<Content>disappointed       my room  
<Date>Oct 22, 2008
<Rating>2	1	4	1	2	2	2	2	

<Author>surfcity6
<Content>The Tiny Tiny Room The hotel was sort of up to expectations. Its layout was a little confusing (sprawled over a mismash of structures). My room was quite small almost closet-like.The air conditioning unit stuck in the wall reminded me of a 1960s apartment. The Wyland was the lesser of all the Outrigger properties that I have stayed at on the islands. The service was on the ball and the front desk personnel accomodating, I did not use any of the amenties, including the pool. I ate all my meals offsite and kept my rental car parked at a ranp a few blocks away, at a much cheaper rate than offered by the hotel's valet services. I regarded the place as a place to sleep and take a shower. In otherwords, it was utilitarian, more like a youth hostel than a fully functioning island hotel.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2008
<Rating>3	3	1	3	4	4	4	3	

<Author>bienfait
<Content>Awesome place to stay in Waikiki This hotel was an excellent location- it was a short but pleasant walk to the beach. We found the staff superior and if you required maintenance for anything (our safety deposit box back was off when arriving), they came within 5 minutes. We really enjoyed the heated pool over by the 2nd tower, where our room was located. We would definitely stay here again, and have already recommended it to my travelling friends.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TucsonTrina
<Content>A Jewel on Kuhio This is a great boutique-type hotel that is part of the Outrigger system.Conveniently located on Kuhio between Lewers and Royal Palm, about 1 block from the beach in Waikiki, Wyland Waikiki is an excellent value. We paid $129 per night, booked ourselves via the internet. The hotel's main entrance is on Kuhio, near Lewers. There's a small but friendly bar on the main level, as well as a sandwich shop and the concierge. We asked the concierge a couple of questions re: Diamondhead, and she wasn't the mostly friendly or informative person, but we managed pretty well with our guide books. There's also an Italian restaurant on the premises, but the only time we went for a meal there, we ended up walking over to Giovanni Pastrami instead, due to lack of service. (We waited 15 mins., and though the wait staff were aware we were there, they ignored us -- and we're a nice, middle-aged couple!). Aside from that, the hotel itself and the staff are fantastic. Very friendly and happy to help you out: we were originally booked into room 255, but it smelled like an ashtray. I called down to the front desk, and within 5 mins., a bellclerk showed us to a different, much nicer room. No cigarette smells at all.The hotel grounds and walls are basically covered with fishy art by Wyland. It's tasteful. The rooms are like mini-suites, and had a microwave and coffeepot and under counter refrigerator. The bed was firm and new. Walls were freshly painted. Sinks were surrounded by granite counters. Nice pools (2) and jacuzzi.The International Market, designer malls and plenty of really good restaurants are all within a 5 minute walk of Wylands. If you were a family member, I'd tell you to stay there, and eat elsewhere.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>nikki104
<Content>wyland was perfect me and my boyfriend stayed at the wyland two weeks ago, for 10night, and it was perfect!was an easy 5min walk from the beach, and even closer to shopping. the new furniture is beautiful (the massage chair room is a good touch)and the room was clean and comfortable.the only thing that we might not have been so happy with was the food, we had the free pastry breakfast, was a bit to sweet. but there are plenty of different places to eat on waikiki.just a tip book ahead, if you dont wont to wait an hour to get in)but apart from that it was great! and we will definatly stay there again!  
<Date>Oct 18, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>islandgirl039
<Content>Pleasant Honolulu experience My husband and I stayed at the Wyland for 3 nights as part of our honeymoon. We enjoyed our stay very much. Our room was in the second tower which didnt bother us besides the fact there was only a view of a construction site and was noisy at night. The room itself is great-modern, clean, large. we found the staff to be very polite and curteous, especially the valet staff, bartenders, and breakfast servers. We would definently stay again if we were in Honolulu! Oh and the spa pool is absolutely fantastic!!!  
<Date>Oct 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	5	5	

<Author>kendraSolihull
<Content>Lovely Stay Great Value My husband and I had 3 nights here on the second leg of our round the world trip. We booked directly with the hotel and took advantage of their third night free deal with a free upgrade. Our room was on the 15th Floor and had a lovely partial seaview and kitchenette. The bed was probably the most comfortable bed we have ever slept on with a very comfy memory foam topper. The room was a little small but had everything we needed including internet cables for our laptop, and we particularly enjoyed having breakfast on our lanai reading the complimentary newspaper. We ate lovely pizza for lunch at the pool which as previous reviewers have said does not get the sun in the afternoon. We were glad of the shade in the afternoons having spent our mornings in blazing sun on the beach. We lazed at the pool in the afternoons eating otter pops,reading and jumping in the spa. The Wyland is in a great location for shopping and is only a 5 minute walk from the beach. We visited the sister hotel the Outrigger on the Reef and particularly recommend the bar and Shorebird Restaurant for lunch or dinner. They have an open air grill where you cook your own dinner and fab seaviews. It was so good we went back twice and was much better value with better service than the renowned Dukes. Make sure you book the Shorebird in advance, or you could have a wait for a table - every night we were there at least 10 or 15 people were hanging around waiting for tables. We really enjoyed our stay and if we are in Waikiki again will definitely return to this lovely hotel.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	4	

<Author>The_Rochdalien
<Content>Great hotel, decent location, great value       Waikiki beach  
<Date>Oct 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>MoBayGirl
<Content>Tale of 2 Hotels       Lovely view of construction yard  
<Date>Oct 9, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	2	2	2	2	3	

<Author>Magicman49
<Content>Almost, but not quite We stayed at the Wyland Waikiki for 14 nights in early September 2008. When we booked the hotel via our travel agent we requested a room on a high floor as I had read some reports about traffic noise and I had hoped this would have helped.We arrived at the hotel at about 9pm after almost 24 hours of travelling from London and were very tired. The staff at the front desk were helpful and gave us a room on the 11th floor, just as we had requested. The bad news was that it was in the second building that runs parallel with Royal Hawaiian Avenue.The corridors in the second building are open air which obviously lets more sound in the front door of your room. Even on the high floor, the street noise was very loud at times. I can see why though. There were no jams around the front door to the room which meant when the door was closed, there was a quarter inch gap around the rim.Also the hole in the wall into which the air conditioning unit had been installed was probably slightly too big for the unit, and although no visible gap was apparent, a great deal of street noise did seem to be coming through the air conditioner.We kept the air conditioner on all day but at night, the location of the bed relative to the air conditioner meant it was loud and it had to be turned off. It stayed quite cool in the room though so this wasn鈥檛 much of a problem.I suspect that the proximity of the building to Ala Wai Blvd was a major contributing factor to the noise as its a long stretch on road, and is the quickest way from one end of Waikiki to the other. Because of this it wasn鈥檛 uncommon to hear engines revving loud, or the police car sirens at 2am.For the best experience, my advice would be to try and get a room on a high floor in the main building (which has enclosed corridors, like a regular hotel) with the balcony facing the pool. I believe this would provide the greatest amount of protection from the street noise.On a positive side we had a nice view of the mountains from our balcony if we looked left, more hotels if we looked straight ahead, and towards the beach (even though we couldn鈥檛 see it) if we looked right.The bed was extremely comfortable and well presented and the bathroom was modern. It was nice to have free access to two computers in the lobby and this allowed me to print off some vouchers that had been emailed to me for some tours we had booked.The free 15 minute phone calls from the room was also a great bonus as this allowed us to easily make reservations for different activities. Its a short walk to the beach from the hotel, and about a 2 minute walk to some of the major pickup points that tour companies pick up from.The room was clean and nicely decorated, although could have benefited from a fresh coat of paint in some areas that were slightly warn, e.g. behind one of the desk chairs which had apparently rubbed against the wall too many times.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	3	5	4	4	4	

<Author>bmw4life
<Content>It Was Perfect We stayed at the Wyland Waikiki Sept 25-30th and when we first got there it was soo beautiful. The hotel itself is perfect. The art outside of the hotel and inside was so pretty and is so new so we loved it. We got the 3rd night free and a free upgrade which ended up being partial ocean view. The hotel is a few blocks away from the ocean but we got a nice view of the sunset at night from our room. 1703. Top floor. The room was soo nice, enough room for us 2 for sure. It was a room with a kitchenette and was beautiful. Shower is a lil small for 2 people but perfect for 1. We just loved everything about it. We got the free breakfast and it really isnt enought for breakfast so we ate out at a resturant for breakfast (On Lewers Street Moose McGillycudies is SOOO GOOD  SOO CHEAP) but we used the vouchers for bottled water before we went to the beach and a bagel too. It was good. The fron desk has free pixie sticks and the pool has free otter pops. A nice little extra they throw in there. The chill room has masage chairs and the bar has great virgin pina coladas as we do not drink :) we didnt eat at spada but it looked good. We were so happy overall with the hotel. The free 15 mins per phone call was awesom so I was able to call my 3 year old son in CA everyday and not have to worry about phone charges. Also there are computers to use in the lobby. Over all if we went back to waikiki I would stay at the hotel again. We didnt have a rental car but I think the hotel does charge $25 a night for parking so just keep that in mind.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>GusCat
<Content>Lacking customer service and a decent breakfast Stayed at the Wyland back in August. Customer service at check-in was disappointing.We arrived around 12:00pm (before the offical stock standard 3:00pm check-in) and were told to come back at 1:30pm. Returned at 02:00pm and were told no check-in before 3:00pm. There seemed to be very little customer service, staff did not bother to check with housekeeping if room was ready or not, we were told that check-in was 3:00pm ! and that鈥檚 when we could expect to get our room. Came back at 04:00pm and were given the room keys. Asked if this was the free upgrade room which we were entitled too and were told it was not. Free upgrades were not guarenteed. Luckily we had our original booking comfirmation which stated 鈥淕uarenteed Free Upgrade鈥? After some discussion we were given our upgraded room, so we were made to wait for a room that wasn鈥檛 even the correct one.Hotel included 鈥淔ree breakfast鈥?, which turned out to be a voucher each for 1 coffee and 1 pastry in the lobby coffee shop. It doesn鈥檛 instill confidence , when you actually have to explain to staff how to make a cup of coffee !Apart from the service issues, we found the Wyland to be very clean and modern.Locaton was good, its鈥檚 situated a couple of blocks away from the beach and and public transport is right out the front door.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2008
<Rating>2	3	5	5	4	1	1	-1	

<Author>GieGie
<Content>fantastic hotel       Queen bedroom  
<Date>Sep 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Sowms
<Content>Great Place! We were there in this hotel for 5 nights and it was an excellent place. Very good room service and reasonably priced restaurants around. Beach is at a good 5 min walk and hotel is located at the prime spot . Hotel is well maintained and above all, room rates are very very reasonable.No complaints at all..  
<Date>Sep 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>luvt2travel88
<Content>Good for the price We just got back from Hawaii. We stayed for three nights. Overall it was fine for the price. We thought Fernando at the front desk was great. The bell men and valets were also super. The property was clean and neat. We booked a partial ocean and our room was right over Kuhio and therefore really loud. Even with the door closed and air conditioning on I felt like we were in Manhattan. The next morning we were moved to a one bedroom suite in an adjacent building. The room was very nice and much quieter. However, we were next to a group of 6-8 smokers/partiers who squeezed into their room. The second night we called the front desk at midnight and the group quieted down by 1 am. They also smoked on the lanai (and in the room) so we could smell the smoke right away. We alerted the security who would check, they would stop, and then start again. Perhaps the low summer rates are attracting a less than desirable crowd. I would recommend this hotel if you don't mind a walk to the beach and are on a budget. The pool and the employees were great. The beds are very comfortable.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jasmi
<Content>I loved it and we're going again We stayed at this hotel for 3 days starting Sept 5th. Once we drove up to the property we were taken away. It is very clean and the guys in valet were helpful with places to eat and other pieces of information from the time we arrived until the day we left. We stayed in room 311 which overlooked the street of Kuhio. We had a kitchenette, a seperate living area (which turned out to be a sofabed) and bedroom. There were sliding doors in both the living area and bedroom that led to the balcony of course with table and chairs...(which we enjoyed during the early, early morning hours).I've noticed other reviewers were complaining about the noise of the A/C but we had no noise from the A/C in our room. I kept the temp at 74 and luckly the noise from the street was not bad. That might have to do with the bed. Once we laid in that comfortable bed and the best pillows I've every rested on I couldn't hear anything.We walked to the beach daily and woke up around 5am to watch the sunset on the last day. It was beautiful. The beach was a 5-10 min walk. It depends on which way you want to walk. We walked about 2 blocks up Kuhio then turned right for 2 blocks. After shopping all day we came back to the hotel to rest in the lounge room and sat in the massage chairs. I feel asleep once because those chairs are wonderful. There was a game system in our room as well as in the lounge area (2 tvs) you just have to go to the check-in desk to get games.The breakfast at the Spada was great. The hotel gave us free vouchers for each day we booked. The staff was wonderful and very friendly. We have enjoyed our stay so much that we have already booked our room for March '09.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>woodsjc
<Content>Very tastefully renovated       Our rather cramped room  
<Date>Sep 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>Fluffy
<Content>Perfect for day stay       Queen sized bed  
<Date>Sep 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	5	-1	-1	

<Author>MarieJAuckland
<Content>Thoroughly reccommend The only criticism is that the standard rooms are very small - bad enough with a queen bed in there, but absolutely no room with 2 single beds. That could be because the beds are SUPERB. I slept better there than anywhere else. They are huge, and have fabulous mattresses and fabulous pillows. The air conditioning is a tad noisy, but at least it is a constant drone and drowns out the infamous Waikiki street noise.Now the really good things - friendly and helpful staff, good location, great pool with an endless supply of fresh towels, good bar, free internet access, chill room, good restaurant on site, good range of restaurants within easy walking distance, bus stop right outside (bus information supplied by the hotel), several lounge areas, nice grounds, every room has a lunai, and of course those beds. Who needs the beach!  
<Date>Sep 12, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Jtia
<Content>ALOHA!!! IT WAS GREAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAT! Our stay at the Wyland Waikiki was Excellent! Staff was great/very accomodating...Excellent service! I travel to Hawaii every year... decided to try another property this year. I read reviews on several hotels...booked rooms/read more reviews....cancelled reservations at 2 other properties after reading many negative reviews...3 time was a charm! I was very pleased with my final decision upon our arrival. The Wyland Waikiki is lovely...rooms are a bit smaller than most, but, the many perks (24 hr gym/24 business center; etc.) along with the excellent service won me over....size didn't matter! :-) Just for the record, this is a beautiful property/boutique hotel....VERY COMFORTABLE The locaton is great...close to everything! We will stay here next year as well. My boyfriend Loved The Wyaland, it was his first visit to the Island...loved every bit of our vacation...that also made me happy I chose to stay at The Wyland! Overall, everyone we came in contact with on the Island were amazing! Thank-you, Wyland staff for being so kind....Mahalo!!  
<Date>Sep 5, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>midgettossing
<Content>Worst hotel on our trip First they stuck us in a room with 2 twin beds insted of the queen that we booked, no apologies or anything and we after a 23 hour day of traveling we where to tired to fight it. Luckly we where only there for 2 nights.The lobby has been updated the actual rooms are so bad a hand grenade should be thrown into the room and the door closed this would be a vast improvement to the room we stayed in. The room looks like they jammed a granite couter top in the bathroom and put new sheets on the bed and called it renovated. Will NEVER stay at this hotel again, for the price you can find a much better hotel cheaper or at the same price.. Nothing like trying to sleep only wondering what is going to be crawling on you in the middle of the night. Trust me there are WAY better hotels in the area  
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	1	2	-1	

<Author>Luv2TravelCB
<Content>Wyland was great!!! Our family just returned from our Hawaiian holiday. We stayed at the Wyland Waikiki. It was a really nice hotel and the staff was friendly and very accommodating. Definitely exceeded our expectations.Yes, the rooms are on the smaller side. This was not really an issue as we don't spend much time in the room while on vacation. Despite the size, the decor was nice and very clean. We asked for an upper floor to mimize some of the noise. Public areas were impeccable. I do agree, the continental breakfast is limited. But, the coffee shop is quite nice and the staff very friendly. Unlike other American chains offering continental breakfasts, the pastry was very fresh and quite tasty (probably from a local baker), and if you did not want pastry, fruit and yogurt was available for purchase. This was silly on the yogurt as the pastry was more expensive than the yogurt. The coffee was delicious and my son loved their frozen coffee drinks.The location was fantastic! While not on the beach, it's about a 10 minute walk. Near restaurants and shopping. The Italian restaurant down stairs was excellent. We traveled with two teenage children. They really enjoyed the Chill Room, equipped with massage chairs and Xbox 360's.I would definitely recommend this hotel and stay there again should we ever return to Waikiki!  
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>seasondtraveller_8
<Content>Original and a little noisy For a short trip to hawaii, we arrived and our room had ovbiously been overbooked, as they could only put us in a single bed room. We got moved the next day, thankgod.The rooms are very small but very clean and nice decor. The hotel is very lovely and original - like the arty aspect. Location is great - close to the beach and shops. Staff were a little unhelpful - no introduction to the hotel and facilities, and the only real pain was that they didnt serve breakfast, there is a shop that serves coffee and bagels, but nothing like cereal and a nice sit down for breakfast. Would be nice if they started doing this!!!!Ihop is across the road if you can manage to eat HUGE MEALS, I recommend sharing.We were on the 14 and 16 floor and you can definately hear the pool and street noise - garbage trucks at 4.00am in the morning. Also the aircon is so loud you can not sleep with it on. Sorry - a few things need improving to make it really great!!  
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>2	3	4	4	4	3	2	-1	

<Author>smile4tree
<Content>Not Good, Not Bad       Our little visitor  
<Date>Aug 16, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	3	4	2	-1	-1	

<Author>J_Coakland_CA
<Content>wow - we were impressed with the wyland waikiki We had a surprisingly lovely stay at the Wyland Waikiki We were getting a deal and didn't expect it to be so luxurious. We were in a two room suite, with a kitchenette. The lobby itself was beautiful and open, and had several wonderful and intimate-feeling rooms, that guests could sit in, read, relax or socialize in. Wyland's art is beautifully shown and integrated into all aspects of the hotel. waterfalls abound, giving such a lush and soothing feeling. Walking onto the premises feels wonderful, and the lobby and rooms live up to and even go beyond what you see in the photos.The room itself was lovely and very accomodating, with comfortable and ample seating, a delicious bed, two large flat screen tv's, lots of window to open to the lanai, lots of storage space (closets, drawers, cubbies) to unpack into, counter space in the roomy bathroom, cabinets, stocked kitchenette (microwave, refrigerator, coffee and tea service) etc. The staff was very welcoming and helpful and immediately available whenever we had a question or concern. We were well serviced and tended to. Even though there are over 400 rooms in the hotel, it felt very personal and intimate.Location is great - easy walk to the heart of Waikiki, bus stop downstairs for transportation to other parts of the island. Pool area is nice, jacuzzi is great, fitness center is good, restaurant and coffee shop on site, and lots of little amenities are available: pixie sticks, otter pops by the pool, daily newspaper, easy access to check email in the business center (I'd love to be able to do my business in this setting on a regular basis!), massage chairs in the chill room, wonderful open-air feeling. Also, seems like only people who are warm and friendly work here - everyone from cleaning to management seemed happy to be working there and shared an ohana spirit with us. This of course spilled over onto the guests - we encountered no idiots in all the people we saw staying there. Seems like only really nice people stay here!  
<Date>Aug 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>teen28
<Content>Beautiful and Modern This hotel is located in the heart of Waikiki, close to the beach. It has a beautiful lobby with lots happening! There is a chillout room with massage chairs and big screen tv. and a couple of tvs for xbox games, pixiesticks are avl at ck-in and icepops by the pool. Small bar with what seemed like a lot of party people! Free internet avl in the lobby. There were also chairs and couches in the lobby just for relaxing. Check out the spa for daily specials. $25 for valet parking, which is the only kind of parking avl. I had an upgraded 2 room suite that was nicely decorated, air worked great , flat screen tvs in both rooms and a nice balcony. And it was surprisingly quiet! I would highly recommend this hotel. Staff were very friendly. Its a couple of blocks to the beach, but a nice touristy walk. Its the staff and the little extras that make this hotel a super place to stay.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kek1781
<Content>Perfect Hawaiian Vacation       Twin Room  
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>taggsSydney
<Content>Loved Wyland Waikiki After spending a week at Turtle Bay Resort, spent 3 nights at Wyland (City View room with kitchenette) to do some shopping before flying back to Sydney. Top marks for the decor both in the rooms and public areas. The 2 plasma TVs in the room was an added bonus. Hotel is convenient to public transport, the beach and shopping precincts. Recommend Spada Restaurant on the premises for dinner, staff friendly and accommodating. Continental breakfast at Kimobean in the morning was convenient and they made a great cafe latte as well.I booked the hotel online so was a little concerned, but was pleasantly surprised with the quality of the hotel upon arrival. An oasis amongst the hustle and bustle of Waikiki. My husband and I felt like we were on the North Shore instead of downtown Waikiki.Loved the place!  
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Cate29
<Content>Good value       Room  
<Date>Jul 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	2	5	-1	5	

<Author>Candychikita
<Content>Well Done Wyland! Wyland Waikiki Hotel was top notch and super considerate. We booked a One Bedroom Kitchenette Suite and then took advantage of some deals we found on the internet that includes daily continental breakfast for two, a third night free and a room upgrade -- Make sure you ask!-The cleaning staff practically waited by our door until we left, and they emptied our garbages at least twice a day (good, because of stinky diapers...) -Our room was quiet although it was right next to the elevators, and our daughter LOVED the fish aquarium that was just outside of the elevators in the lobby. -The massaging chairs were quite aggressive, so they weren't used much, but the Xbox was fun. -Complimentary continental breakfast was very closely guarded (no extra drinks or pastries) but we managed. -The lobby/concierge knew our daughter by name and sight (probably sound too: HI FISHIES!!!) and were very considerate in getting us late night pizza, cutting our pineapple and helping us get to some good eats around town. -There is a warmer salt water pool used for spa services that was absolutely empty and in the shade, in the other tower, which we used daily. Big pool was a bit too cool for my daughter and the whirlpool was a bit too hot for pregnant me, so this worked out perfectly.-When asked to delay our checkout from 12 noon to 2pm (due to napping hours) the staff didn't even bat an eyelash and waived the $100 late checkout charge (we later used the late checkout, since our flight was such a late hour --11pm)-Free freezie/ice pops in the freezer next to the big pool.We had hoped to buy the things we needed for breakfast and lunch, but the prices were SO EXPENSIVE. The cheapest thing was a pineapple, and it was about a dollar less than Save On Foods prices here in Canada. When we got it back to our hotel, we discovered that they didn't have a knife to cut the sucker and the restaurant Spada wouldn't cut it due to Food Safety Laws. The concierge took our pineapple home with him, cut it into small pieces and brought it up to our room. Needless to say, this was the first and last pineapple we bought in Hawaii, pineapple town. We ended up tipping the concierge double the cost of the pineapple just for his troubles!Downfalls were that there are no stovetops in the kitchenettes, the couch bed was lumpy (thank goodness our daughter is little and sleeps like a stone) and the spa services were not very diverse. The restaurant Spada, as good as their food was once it arrived, was ridiculously priced for such small amounts and the service was lousy. We went down the street to Moose McGillycuddy's on the advice of the concierge and continued to go there for breakfast, lunch and dinner until the end of our trip.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ncbookworm
<Content>wyland was just our style We stayed at the Wyland for a week in July 2008 and really enjoyed it. The hotel is low-key, stylish, and comfortable. We liked our room, which was tastefully decorated and clean. We loved the main pool area, the chill room (never saw that in a hotel before!), and the lobby and internet cafe areas. The valets are the friendliest we have encountered at any hotel. We paid about $169 per night for a room with kitchenette (rack rate = $309). We thought this was a good value. The hotel is a few blocks from the beach, but they are short blocks, and this presented no problem. Actually, we thought the location of the hotel was quite good. We also enjoyed the morning coffee from the lobby coffee house (We were not bothered by the lack of hot breakfast--we would normally stop by Starbuck's for breakfast anyway.). Most of the guests, like us, were in their 30s and 40s. I'd describe it as a casual, upscale crowd. We definitely recommend this hotel for those who want a low-key but classy place to stay.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>PISSEDOFF999
<Content>do not eat at spada !! The hotel is beautiful and the rooms are very nice. The pools are nice also. Whatever you do DON'T EAT AT SPADA. Worst service I have ever had in my life. do not waste your time eating here and make sure if you do to keep your receipts just in case! extremely judgmental managers and employees! worst experience of whole trip, caused lots of problems and drama! Ruined night entirely! DO NOT EAT AT SPADA!!!  
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>happytanya
<Content>Wyland Rocks! My husband and I stayed at the Wyland Hotel in Waikiki this past week and were very pleasantly surprised by the 5 star treatment we received by Wyland's staff. You could tell that everyone from the front desk to the parking valet attendants loved their jobs and it showed. Of all the expensive and award winning hotels we have ever stayed at, the Wyland was by far the best experience I have ever had. The hotel is very clean and beautiful, the rooms are comfortable, and the extras such as the free game/massage chair room, free internet, inviting pool area, bar and coffee shop only goes to show how much thought and care when into making this a wonderful experience for their guests. They even provide free Otterpops by the pool. How cool is that?!? Our friends traveling with us stayed at a different hotel, but regreted it the whole time they were there. They just wanted to hang out at the Wyland with us. I highly recommend this hotel if you are traveling to Waikiki. This place has it all!  
<Date>Jul 10, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>aessedai27
<Content>Loved the Wyland       Wyland Hotel - back tower  
<Date>Jun 26, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Jon-Mary
<Content>Good value hotel in a stunning place This was a good value hotel in a lovely place. Not too much to say about the amenities, not out of this world but all very adequate. At the end of the day you get what you pay for, I would say stay here and get yourself to one of the most stunning resorts in the world and this hotel will not cost you too much.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>happychicky
<Content>Great Place, Great Staff I was a bit concerned about booking a hotel sight unseen over a website as I have been burned in the past. However my mind was fully put to rest once we arrived at the Wyland. The hotel was lovely and the staff so accommodating and friendly. I really liked that the decor in this hotel was modern and clean without being all tropical prints and rattan furniture that some of the bigger properties in Waikiki are inflicted with.. The hotel has a lot of artwork and sculptures by a guy called Wyland who I think must have dropped a trip at Sea World in the 60's and had a an epiphany! not really my thing but still made a nice environment to be in. We stayed in a 1 bedroom kitchenette suite on the 16th floor and it was terrific, the bed was so comfy and there were large flat screen TV's in both bedroom and lounge room!! The noise didn't worry us at all and in a way just added to the atmosphere of being in the middle of all the action. This place is also so convenient for public transport and there is a bus stop right at the front door that take's you directly to Ala Moana Shopping Center. I loved this place and had withdrawals when I got home and I can't wait to get back next year for another relaxing holiday in the sun!!  
<Date>Jun 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>smurner
<Content>Nice hotel, nothing too fancy This hotel is pretty nice, for your just average hotel. Nothing too fancy as far as the room goes. You can tell this hotel used to be owned by someone else, and was recently taken over. The room is pretty nice, with a comfy bed, flat screen plasma tv, fridge, and balcony. We got a partial ocean view room, hahaha, that was a joke. You could see a stream of water, behind the buildings that we faced. But oh well, didn't really spend too much time in the room. They have some nice amenities, with a free internet lounge right in the lobby. Cool for checking email really quick, or looking up directions. And they have a chill lounge, with massage chairs, also free of charge. The front desk was pretty helpful, and when we checked in, we got free vouchers for continental breakfast in their little coffee shop. The hotel is in a nice location, near a lot of other hotels and shops. It's a few blocks from the beach, but definitely within walking distance. And there are a TON of street markets just around the corner, with vendors selling jewelry, clothing, and all kinds of trinkets. I don't really have anything negative to say about the hotel actually. Would I stay there again, maybe not. Just to get a chance to experience something else. But I would recommend it to anyone.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Dano77
<Content>Wyland the good and the Bad,.....But mostly good! Great Spa!       Lobby Bar area  
<Date>Jun 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	5	5	4	

<Author>MJ_Bravehart
<Content>Great Place To Stay Very Clean And Excellent Service This place was great, hands down. The whole setup and aesthetic appeal of the hotel from the lobby, restaurant, bar, pool, and rooms were top notch. We especially liked the torches lit at night and how the lights were dimmed. What really impressed us was the great service and hospitality portrayed by the hotel staff, primarily the valet. They even let us borrow some body boards and floaty thing for my girlfriend. Directions were always offered whenever we took off somewhere also. The $25 dollar parking a day wasnt that bad considering parking prices all around waikiki. You did get to go in and out as much as you wanted throughout the day. A little background info:Our age group is between 21 - 24 as far as people who stayed and this review is pretty much coming from that age group's point of view. We stayed for 4 nights in the hotel with another group of our friends staying in a similar 1 bedroom suite 2 floors higher. The suite could comfortably sleep 4 people and was full of commodities that we wish we had at our previous hotel such as:free high speed internet, free local calls and mainland call for 15min. brand new furniture and appliances, spacious and modern bathroom, flat panel tv's and great distance to the strip of shops on waikiki. the continental breakfeast thing was kinda weak but we just used the vouchers for a bunch of bottled water and some iced coffee instead of buying at abc so that was ok denny's was across the street anyways. it also had this cool heated salt water pool that can be used and was also used by the spa for a type of treatment or something. it was so nice (94 degrees)...perfect for a night swim.If you are also interested in going to clubs and stuff like that it is literally 1 block away from Zanzabar and Fashion 45. We would hit up Ala Moana and Mai Tai bar usually in the evening and it was only a 5-10min drive. You can easily access h1 from the location as well.BOTTOM LINE. we really really loved this hotel and WILL stay again when i return in october. sorry for the lack of pics. ill try to upload some when i get back home from work!  
<Date>Jun 5, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MoonlightGrahams
<Content>Excellent Hotel Stayed for 8 days and had great time. The room was very comfortable. The lobby, bar area and computer access area were all very nice. The pool was very nice, they did a good job of trying to create a soothing area in the middle of the city. Spa services were excellent. Location was perfect...tons of places to eat within a short walk.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>ironworker752
<Content>Continental Breakfast(What a Joke)       Lovely Grounds  
<Date>May 31, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	3	5	3	3	3	

<Author>BusterCT1K
<Content>Excellent service The Aloha spirit was prevalent throughout the hotel. The service was simply excellent all around, from valets to front desk. I asked for, was offered and accepted an upgrade to a better room (for $25 a night). The shower heads were not my favorite type (Ritz-Carlton type, non-adjustable pressure). The a/c worked wonderfully. The hotel is a solid three stars. Room was mostly clean, except for a patch of dried snot on the bedroom wall. The hotel has a policy to offer a late checkout till 10pm for $100 extra. It was totally worth it in my book if you have a late flight out, although many other customers might find it steep. I guess it depends on individual preference. They're not trying to take advantage of anyone, but the hotel is a business not a charity.The free internet access (wifi in the lobby, and two huge macs) was wonderful. I regret waiting till my last day to use the iJoy massage chairs - those things are great and make it worth staying here for that fact alone!Security was good. Valets were usually fast - tell them when you need your car, tip them appropriately, and they will usually have your car ready when you want it.  
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	3	4	5	4	4	

<Author>babybreath359
<Content>Plesantly Surprised Stayed 1 week at the hotel with my mother. She booked the whole trip and to be honest isn't that all savvy with the computer. When we got to the hotel I was like where is the beach? Its a nice walk to Waikiki Beach. You get to see all the shops and wander around. Great location. Near shopping and restaurants and near the bus to take you to Alo Moana shopping center. Which is a great mall!! The staff was very nice and helpful. Will greatly come back!! :)  
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MelbourneJimmyJames
<Content>Simply sensational A faultless experience from beginning to end. The room was very comfortable, welll presented and clean. The hotel's proximity to transport, shopping and Waikiki beach was perfect. Though Wyland Waikiki is not quite on the beach, a short stroll to Waikiki beach meant you could see a little more of Waikiki than just your hotel and the beach. The staff were delightful, accomodating and always smiling, which is a change from other hotel experiences. Free internet was a plus and I just love the big Machintosh computers! The condition of the hotel was first rate, its looks great, is clean and modern. The room rate was great value and the shopping..well just awesome! With the excellent exchange rate I would reccommend to every Australian looking to travel to Asia to give Hawaii serious thought and I would sternly advise those travelling to Hawaii to consider the Wyland Waikiki. I will be back next year and will stay again at the Wyland Waikiki.  
<Date>May 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Leslie_Cook
<Content>Cute Boutique Hotel We flew to Honolulu for 5 days, my husband was on business and i was, thankfully, on vacation. The valet and counter help at the hotel were wonderful. Always very friendly, always helpful and ready with a smile. Our room was upgraded to the Kitchenette. The room was small but clean and nicely decorated. The bathroom was very clean, which is key for me, but the shower was tiny, with no tub. As with most Waikiki rooms, it was noisy, but not awful. The room faced the street.You can't use the elevators of this hotel without a room key which is great for security. We both loved, loved, loved the relaxation room with massage chairs. They were nice after a day of sightseeing and running around.Overall I liked the hotel and would stay there again. It's about 3-4 blocks from the beach, close to food and great bus service if you need it. We had a car and parking was a bit high, but livable.  
<Date>May 20, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Muaah
<Content>Modern outlook, staff can do better! We stayed three nights at the Wyland Waikiki. My husband had a presentation to make and I tagged along for a weekend getaway. The hotel looked modern and updated. The Valet guys were fantastic. They were quick, friendly and helpful, so I didnt mind paying extra although there was a $25/ day charge not included on the room charge. They were infact the only people who made guests feel welcome. The front desk ....uurrgghh....they seemed like they didnt even belong there or may be they didnt like working there...i wouldnt blame them..who wants to work in Hawaii. Anyway, I had the most amazing weekend of my life and then...... it was monday, time for my husband to make his presentation. It was from 10 am to 2 pm, we had to check out at 12 pm and the flight was at 10 pm. So, I called the front desk on sunday night and asked if it was possible to have a late check out on monday. She asked me how late would I like to check out. I explained to her the situation.She took a minute and said the max she could do was an hour and that I would have to pay an extra $100 for any later. I tried my luck on another person at the front desk the following day cus all I wanted for a couple of extra hours really, he said the same thing but this time he said I could stay till 10 pm if I paid the extra $100....funny cus I didnt mention about my flight time. I honestly felt like they took advantage of our situation instead of being helpful. Too bad I was almost a happy customer.Pros:Contemporary Decor. Loved the lounge area. Trouble free internet acess. Flat screen TV (who cares about TV in Hawaii) Cons: NOISY (outside / inside- Horrible maintenance work on  the 17th floor) Not happy with the front desk Mandatory valet parking $25/day  Complementary breakfast not up to the standard  One tiny dust bin.  
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>janerobotnik
<Content>a great place in waikiki! our first 2 nights in hawaii were at the wyland waikiki, and it was two great nights. i read SO many uneven reviews on tripadvisor of so many hotels in waikiki, but the wyland had many positive reviews and we were not disappointed!the room description was incredibly accurate on their website, and compared to other waikiki rates were appropriate. The room was a smallish but comfy and inviting (especially after a LONG long flight), and the shower was fab as well. Wyland's beautiful art is everywhere in the hotel which is also nice. We didn't have a view, but that was no surprise as we chose the option not too. the hotel staff was incredibly friendly and helpful in everyything, such as booking a van to the airport in the morning for us. we didn't get a chance to go swimming in the pool but it was really beautiful as well. The hotel is also only a short walk to waikiki beach or anywhere we needed to be in waikiki!there was a nice little breakfast bar, lively actual bar, and it looked like the restaurant was jusssst about to open. the lobby is lovely and creates a nice indoor/outdoor space.I only had two things that i was slightly disappointed in, and really it's just things i hope they do. Wyland himself is a wonderful artist, and clearly has dedicated his life to supporting the importance of sealife and whales. Knowing that, I was hoping that the hotel itself was then more eco-friendly. They give you the option not to wash your towels everyday to save water...but then every hotel does. For example, were sustainable building materials used, or eco friendly carpets? just something interesting for the hotel to think of. Also, it was great to have the two computers in the lobby in as the business center...though it might be good to expand the business center (as there was always a wait to get on the computers) and make the computers a little more business-useful...with MS office for instance. i know everyone's not wanting to think about work in hawaii! i certainly didn't want to, but sometimes you need to :) but seriously, those are just small points, our stay was wonderful, and if we are so lucky to be back in waikiki we would definitely stay at the wyland!!  
<Date>May 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Datanie
<Content>A Pleasant Surprise       Our standard room at the Wyland Waikiki  
<Date>May 7, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>amcdonald0214
<Content>Excellent Stay at the Wyland Waikiki Stayed here on my honeymoon, and they very generously upgraded our room to a suite for the three days that we stayed. Overall, it was a very great experience - the entire hotel was very luxurious!PROS:- Very friendly and helpful staff- Good location - just about 5 blocks from the beach- Very modern look to the hotel- Great continental breakfast included at the hotel's cafe- Very quiet rooms - even on lower floors- Excellent pool and hot tub area- Spa and relaxation room in the hotelCONS:- Did not realize before checking in that valet parking is mandatory and costs $25 per day!- Somewhat small shower  
<Date>May 4, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Onie13
<Content>Great Stay - Friendly, lovely pools, nice rooms       grounds  
<Date>May 4, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	5	5	5	

<Author>Cintrus
<Content>Good Value but could skip the view The Wyland Hotel by Outrigger, from our conversations with some locals, has recently had a transformation. The reason I say this is that whenever we were asked by locals where we stayed, and we said 鈥淭he Wyland鈥?we were responded with quizzical looks and following questions of 鈥淗ow is it鈥?Do you like it?鈥?The 鈥渙ld鈥?hotel was very run down from all accounts and did not have a good standing where your hotels reputation is foremost 鈥?Waikiki.The local artist David Wyland has transformed this hotel run by the Outrigger group into a pretty slick hotel. OK 鈥?so the rooms are not massive but we found the bed comfortable after several long days walking around getting to know Waikiki. The hotel lobby is airy and inviting with Wyland鈥檚 art wherever you look. That鈥檚 not such a bad thing as his art blends well with the style of the renovation. Staff was courteous and polite whenever we needed any assistance.We stayed in the partial ocean view room. It had a balcony with鈥 partial ocean view! Not spectacular but looking back we probably would have been content with any room with a comfortable bed. When staying back from the beachfront the view of the ocean between other hotels seems less of an attraction. Nonetheless we had it and it was enjoyed. The hotel is located around a five minute walk from Waikiki Beach. Exploring around the hotel revealed several great little eateries and the bus line that can take you out to several tourist spots i.e. Pearl Harbour, The Arizona Memorial, Diamond Head N.P. and shopping centres are just outside the Hotels doorstep.There was little noticeable noise coming from the streets below during the night, which is a regular bugbear with staying in Waikiki. However we were on the 14th floor and this may have had something to do with it.Our stay in Waikiki was short but then we got to see everything that we needed to see and our stay at The Wyland was pleasant and would recommend for travellers where their needs are mainly for a comfortable bed in a mid range hotel that provides all creature comforts at a reasonable price and not the jaw dropping view at jaw dropping prices.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>AKwaterrat
<Content>This place is the best I always loved the work of the marine artist Wyland, so when I found that the Outrigger chain had a Wyland-themed hotel in Waikiki (off the beach) I was intrigued. I was a bit nervous about booking as this was my first time to the Islands. But, using their website I booked the best possible deal. I was not disappointed. The Wyland Waikiki is a world-class establishment. The hotel is tastefully decorated with the works of the marine artist. The rooms are spacious and efficient with the convenience of a microwave and refrigerator. Mostly, I enjoyed the quiet solitude that the rooms and grounds offered away from the bustle of the beach. The pools are very nice; check out the salt water pool for a warm relaxing soak. The only amenity the hotel lacked was a restaurant, which will soon open. The cafe/coffee shop in the hotel was well stocked and offered complimentary continental-style breakfast. They played old jazz records which added greatly to the atmosphere of the cafe. The lounge was well stocked and a center of friendly activity where one could enjoy a beverage. The staff made the stay at the Wyland extra special. The front desk staff was very efficient and helpful in innumerable ways. I addressed one concern to the manager on duty and it was promptly addressed to my satisfaction. The concierge service took care of the guests of the hotel, suggesting alternatives when the lack of wind cancelled a day of sailboarding. The housekeeping staff was efficient, taking wonder care of the room without being intrusive. The bartenders are characters. But, my highest praise goes to the bell staff. They took great care of me arranging transportation, gear storage, and other logistical considerations. I did a fair amount of scuba diving while on the Island. The front desk personnel arranged an area for me to clean my gear after the dives while the bell staff made sure that my gear was secure and out of the way between dives. They also did the same for patrons with body boards and surf boards. The individual attention to detail they provided was remarkable and equal to that of the other fine hotels where I have stayed in my business travels. Quite simply, the bell staff is the best. My flight left late in the evening. The hotel has a courtesy suite for guests who have checked out to freshen up and prepare for the trip home. This feature allowed me to have a full day of activity in Honolulu my last day on the island.As I think about negatives on the trip, they are few and none of them are from the Wyland. I will be going to Oahu annually for an ocean event in April. When I do, I will be staying at the Wyland.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	4	

<Author>cko
<Content>Loved the Wyland We stayed at the Wyland Waikiki in April 2008. When we checked in the first thing we asked was for an upgrade. The front desk people were very nice and granted us a suite for a nominal charge. The suite was very nice with a bedroom and a living room. Both rooms had a nice flat screen television. The bathroom was spacious enough for two. We recommend you ask for a pool view rather than a street view, because of the noise.The location of the hotel was great. We were across the street from Starbucks, IHOP, and McDonalds. There was a great Italian restaurant named Pane y Vino also across the street. I found the review of Pane y Vino in the Los Angeles Times Travel Section. It takes just about 10 minutes to walk to the beach from the hotel. We had a wonderful, but expensive breakfast at Halekulani. I would definitly stay at the Wyland again. It was clean and the staff was very courteous.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>FlyguyAustin
<Content>Great Value in Honolulu Quite hotel several blocks from the beach. Nice, big rooms. Friendly staff. Free in-room Internet, flat screen TV, in-room coffee. Most rates include breakfast, but that is just a cup of coffee and danish from the coffee shop in the hotel. For the price paid, and compared to other HNL hotels, this is a very good value. If you are looking for a fantasy hotel, this is not it, but if you are trying to stay out of the Waikiki chaos, this is it. Number 19 and 20 bus (from airport) pass in front ($2) or hotel shuttle ($9) take about the same time to get there.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>pamelahouston
<Content>Great Hotel I was a little skeptical that the pictures shown online of the hotel were old and the hotel wouldn't live up to what I saw. I was pleasantly surprised when I arrived. The air condition was broken in the first room my husband and I were given. The staff immediately sent someone to the room to fix it. When the electrician could not fix it, we were immediately upgraded to another room. The room was beautiful and the staff were very friendly. I loved the room so much that once I returned home, I immediately set out to find the lamp that was in my room. I also enjoyed the massage chairs after a long day of site seeing. I would recommend this hotel to everyone. I plan on returning to Hawaii and staying at this hotel.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>AtlantaTony
<Content>Great hotel, awesome staff, wonderful location We chose Wyland through an Orbitz deal, usually I am hesitant about paying in advance for a hotel online since I have been burned a couple of times by Travelocity. This time however, I checked Trip Advisor first and the Wyland had a nice review so we went with it. It turned out to be a great deal. Pros:The room we had included a king size bed, big bathroom, city view balcony, a mini-frig and sink. The bed was very comfortable and the sheet were nice as well. The coffee maker came with Lion coffee packs so I had a nice coffe every morning while sitting on the balcony.The staff was very attentive and made me feel like a VIP whenever I needed anything.Cons:The room had a window unit air conditioner which was a little noisy, but not unbearable. We did sleep well every night.The pool area is very cool however, due to being located around other high rise buildings there was a lot of shade which made the water on the cool side.Valet parking - $25 a dayI would definitely stay here again!  
<Date>Apr 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>earlandbek
<Content>Fantastic boutique hotel       view of the strip  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>nck082
<Content>Absolutely Wonderful Experience- In Depth Review w/ Photos       The Bathroom  
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Aussiegirl74
<Content>So much fun! I stayed at the Wyland for 9 days (Feb-Mar 2008) and had a fantastic time. The staff were amazing, especially the folks at the bar who make a mean cocktail! Ask Isaac for one of his sensational Mai Tais or a Kilaua (not sure if that's how you spell it) Lava Flow - he's a master!I stayed in a kitchenette room (small fridge, microwave, coffe maker) with a great big bed in the room. It was a very clean and had a nice big balcony that overlooked the pool.The concierge was extremly helpful, as were all the other staff, always there to provide help and advice on where the best places were to visit and how to get there. Everyone did the best they could to ensure I had a great vacation.The location was great - a couple of blocks from the beach, close to all the nightlife, shops, restaurants and buses stop right outside the front door that will take you just about anywhere on the island.I really enjoyed my stay at the Wyland and would stay there again in a heartbeat.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>kaiscapes
<Content>Not bad for Honolulu. This hotel isn't a bad deal considering hotels in Honolulu tend to be unnecessarily overpriced for the quality you get. Ask for Kama'aina rates if you live on the islands. Parking could be better - valet is expensive and their capacity is low. The computers in the lobby are a nice touch - print your boarding passes before you check out.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	3	4	3	-1	4	

<Author>backoff36
<Content>Very nice with some issues OK where do I begin. Firstly, we stayed at the Wyland Waikiki from Feb. 23-March 3, 2008. When we checked in we had a standard room and at check in we were asked if we would like to upgrade to a suite for $25 more per night, at check in we said no, when we got to the room it is a nice small room, and omg the shower is big enough for 1 person. So in the morning we upgraded to the 1 bedroom suite which I definetly recommend if you are going to stay here. The suite is a great size, seperate living room and bedroom with small fridge, microwave and coffee pot. Ok starting the first day in the suite the living room plasma tv would not work we called them everyday to come up and fix it, and finally on day 6 they offered some compensation. The hote lobby is very nice, but the hotel is far from the beach. Also the parking is $25 plus tip since it is valet, and although the valet staff was very nice, late at night there were people hanging around valet desk drinking alcohol which is not very professional and did not really think that was appropriate. Since hotel is far from beach probably would not stay again.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	2	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Laulauluau
<Content>A whaleful of claustraphobia Stayed at the new Wyland Waikiki last month since the Moana was sold out, and boy was that unfortunate. Not that you can compare a rinky dink hotel like Wyland to the Moana, but reading a few reviews, it seemed worth a try. Maybe our standards are to high, but we found the rooms claustrphobic and dinky. In fact the whole building had this feel. It was ok while asleep, but even then the busses and city traffic made it hard to catch some z's.Not impressed.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	2	2	3	3	2	

<Author>Fellow-Canadian
<Content>Good Rooms, Good Value, Great Location!!       Pool #1  
<Date>Feb 26, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	1	4	5	

<Author>kbdeblaey
<Content>Nice Hotel This hotel is very nice overall. The lobby area and pool are very modern and updated, as well as the rooms. The bed was very confortable. I was surprised that a kitchenette was only a microwave, refrigerator and a few dishes. I thought there would be some type of stove to be considered a kitchenette - but I guess not. The internet was on the fritz the entire time. The staff didn't think there were any problems with the ethernet (in room) or with WIFI (in lobby), but I spoke with another guest who was having the same problems I was. The terminals in the lobby worked, even though there were only two available. The Chill Out room was pretty cool. The location was OK. It was a few blocks walk to the beach, but I didn't mind the exercise. I didn't have a problem with noise, and I think my room was facing the busiest street. The hotel doesn't have room service yet, and should be getting a restaurant in a few months.I would stay again - if the rate was as good as I got this time around. Not bad if you don't want to pay top dollar for a beach front room. Overall I would give this hotel 3-1/2 stars.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	4	4	2	

<Author>TIsaac
<Content>Affordable and Attractive Option Based upon some traveler photos, I thought the lobby and rooms would not be as nice as they are. The lobby and bar are very striking and well done. For the price ($175) for standard room - I am impressed. Service has been good, although still no restaurant, room service or spa. Location is good - a 10-15 minute walk to the beach, and in a decent mixed area (residential and hotels).  
<Date>Feb 17, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Poneko
<Content>Mirror, Mirror on the wall...where are you? Three of us girls stayed at the Wyland Hotel over the weekend of the Pro Bowl. We originaly booked a hotel with an ocean view and that was sold out. Out alternative was this new Wyland hotel... it all looked great on the web sight, read good reviews, but our stay was not as good. The staff however is very nice, the parking attendants were spot on, and the location was okay if you like the concrete jungle look. The bathroom was very small.. ( 3 girls remember), there was only one mirror in the bathroom .You could see into the next condo.. WE had 2 sets of towels and had to call get the 3rd set. There was no blow dryer in the bathroom. We found it in the closet on the shelf when we checked out. Rooms are small. The fold out couch was lumpy... No trash cans except for the little one in the little bathroom. For a single person, the room was sufficient. I would not stay at this hotel again however. AS with any place there are the good and the bad. Not tyring to whine about the little things, but when you are traveling with other ladies, the mirror thing can get real old.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	2	3	4	-1	-1	

<Author>alzo
<Content>a nice little jem had the pleasure of staying in the wyland last week for four nights a small hotel as american hotels go but a real nice stay ,it started as we arrived from sydney at 10 am tired the reception staff offered us a room to use till our room was ready later as it turned out we kept the same room all room are a little small but when the bags are stored away it was fine clean all mod cons large plazma ect grounds are like a art gallery and inside is full of art works small bar located 3min from main bar and shops ,all main buses for island stop outside and around 10 min walk to the beach congrats to the staff alan /ann billington  
<Date>Feb 13, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>benkoskemg
<Content>The perfect Waikiki hotel This hotel could not have been a better experience for us! Everything is new, clean, sleek and modern. It was close to all of the action in town as well, shopping restaurants and the beach, but just tucked back enough to not feel too touristy and to a have a bit more laid back feel. A nice pool/hot tub with complimentary otter pops to help cool you down on a hot day. New Mac computers for free internet access in the lobby and also a chill out room with massage chairs. The staff was very friendly and efficient. The bed was super comfortable. I can't think of anything even slightly negative about the hotel, everything was great. I think they are opening a new restaurant on site soon as well that looked really good. Waikiki is probably not my favorite spot for travel in the world, but just because the Wyland hotel was so nice, the experience far exceeded our expectations!  
<Date>Feb 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jetset007
<Content>Enjoyed the Wyland Great hotel if you can get an upgraded room including Continental breakfast. Front desk staff were pleasant and responded quickly. Awesome amenities including: Wyland art; Chill Room with several massage chairs and large screen tv; secluded saltwater pool; regular pool was not heated; Otter pops and Pixy Stix were nice touch. Housekeeping was great for the first 4 days, then was lousy the remaining 4 days. Would recommend to others and I would stay here again. Aloha!  
<Date>Jan 28, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Jockdoc
<Content>Great Value We stayed 6 nights at Wyland in MidJanuary. Booked through Orbitz in a package and ended up staying for roughly $100/night for my wife and myself. We thought the staff were great at checkin and with questions about sights and transportation. Our package included daily breakfast, which really were just vouchers to KimboBean downstairs for a coffee/tea and pastry. That was fine for us as we're not big breakfast eaters. The lobby was modern and opens to the pool/jacuzzi. There was a Chill room with massage chairs and xbox/giant screen tv for when you're tired from running around. The rooms were good with a minifridge/sink/kitchen utensils/dishes. Flat screen TV was a nice touch. The bed was comfortable. Having breakfast on our veranda was nice too. On the downside, the room was on the smaller size and noise can be an issue. The bathroom ventilation is primarily a window that needs to be opened and when we stayed the paint was beginning to bubble. Parking is $25/night so we elected to only rent our car for 1 day and returned it the same day. Overall, we thought the location of the hotel and the general amenities for the price we paid was excellent and would recommend it.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>VanCityTraveller
<Content>Nice Hotel! We stayed in a 1-bedroom suite with kitchenette at the Wyland Waikiki. The room was fine and had sufficient space for three people. The kitchenette basically consisted of a sink, microwave and a small fridge, so don't expect to do any extensive cooking. The decor was modern, with flat screen TVs in both the bedroom and living room. We were facing the main street and even though we were on the17th floor, it was still somewhat noisy. My only complaint about the room was that the air conditioner was very loud. The extra amenities, like the Chill Room and the free Internet access were a great bonus. The staff was always helpful. Our hotel reservation included breakfast, but this was pretty basic and the choices were very limited. The property renovations created a new and modern ambiance, although it was still somewhat obvious that the hotel had been renovated and wasn't a brand new property. We had no problems with the location of the hotel. While it is a few blocks away from the beach, I would rather take 5 minutes (in Hawaii!) to walk to the beach than spend double the price on a beach front hotel. The new Beach Walk area is very close by, as is the main shopping area on Kalakaua Avenue. It's even possible to walk to the Ala Moana Shopping Centre, which is about a 30-minute walk. Overall, I would most likely stay at the Wyland again!  
<Date>Jan 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>aussieroo
<Content>Fantastic Service I just returned from a fantastic stay at the Wyland. The location of the hotel is great, it is one block off Waikiki beach and an easy walk to all of the areas attractions. The hotel is newly renovated, and the entire hotel is decorated with art by renowned ocean artist David Wyland (who I love). The rooms are very clean, the beds are comfortable and I believe all of them feature a lanai, which is a bonus considering the reasonable rate ($149) that I paid for the room. The main thing that impressed me about the Wyland was the service. I arrived at HNL airport from Australia early in the morning,expected to have to store my luggage for the day before I checked in at the usual time of 3pm. When I arrived at 11am, I was given the key to my room and assured that there was no extra charge for the early arrival.The hotel concierge was extremely helpful in setting up my activities during my stay (including scuba diving and hiking through the rainforest), and no request seemed too difficult.On the last day of my stay my flight wasn't due to leave hawaii until 11pm. I had booked a tour that left early in the morning, and didn't arrive back at the hotel until 1pm. The hotel graciously allowed me to have a late checkout, then stored my luggage, booked my shuttle to the airport and told me that they had a hospitality suite that I could use when I returned to pick up luggage and go to the airport. As most seasoned travellers would know, the best thing you can have before getting on a plane for 15 hours of travel is a shower... so I made use of the fantastic hospitality suite until the front desk called and let me know my shuttle had arrived. Overall I was most impressed and would definately recommend the Wyland to anyone wishing a relaxing holiday in Oahu.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>michaeld1964
<Content>Cool, Hip Hotel Beautiful place with new, hip rooms and modern bathrooms. Great lobby and chill lounge and a nice latte at Kimo Beans coffee shop. Staff is very helpful and friendly. The pool is a natural lagoon setting, however there isn't a drop of sun due to the buildings surrounding it. Luckily Waikiki beach is a block away. Had a great time, would definitely stay here again!  
<Date>Jan 16, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>tundratraveler
<Content>Great staff, value  We travel a lot and have spent a lot of time in Hawaii, but this hotel and its staff were a great find. The staff is as capable, friendly, responsive and sincerely interested in guests as I have found. We flew all night and arrived at 7:30 AM, expecting to stash bags and fall on the lobby floor - no problem - checked right in and upgraded room as ours was (understandably) not ready. Jacuzzi was too cool, which my wife mentioned to the front desk - no problem - out comes a staff member who adjusted the temp up. I'm sitting outside and stealing a glance at big screen TV showing a ball game in the lobby bar - not more than two seconds and the bartender saw the glance, assessed my interest in the game and was waving me to come in and take a better seat (I declined, but his perceptiveness of guest needs was typical of the staff - they sense the need before it is mentioned). The pools and grounds are very nice for the location and price, as are the art-sculptures-chill room. Price range is fair - good value for what you get. The rooms are not large nor are they new or opulent, but for the price it was good value. A short (3-4 block) walk to the beach through a higher end shopping area. We will definitely refer friends here.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>dontyouknowwhoiam
<Content>Fab hotel and excellent service A friend and I stayed at the Wyland Waikiki for 4 nights over New Year's and we were delighted with all aspects of our stay. Being a bit of a princess when it comes to hotels, we thoroughly researched all the major ones in Waikiki on TripAdvisor before going and I was so happy with our choice - this place came up trumps. I would endorse many of the comments already made about the Wyland - namely, great location - away from the noise of the main drag but close enough to walk to beach and back in 10 mins; a lovely relaxed environment around the lobby, pool etc - like a junior W; the chill out room, free internet access and on site coffee shop serving proper lattes etc are all also a nice touch. The twin rooms are definitely on the snug side, but are very well appointed and the beds are super comfortable.I have to make special mention of the staff, particularly the assistant manager who went out of his way to try and sort out our arrangments for New Year's Eve, calling his contacts around the town and treating us like total VIPs. All this at a very reasonable rate too (although the parking at $25 a day did rack things up a bit). Double thumbs up.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>JenJenn510
<Content>Cramped but Cute Really cute and nice new remodel BUT the rooms are TINY. I thought I was on a cruise ship!!! Although it is open they are still getting it together - There was a new Bartender everyday and it seemed to close whenever the the Bartender felt like it. The worst part was the BEDS ARE AWFUL! I am 23 years old and I have never woken up in the morning hunched over grabbing my back in pain!  
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>2	4	2	3	4	5	3	3	

<Author>zunga
<Content>Good Bargain At The Time We stayed over Christmas in a room on the sixth floor with one King Bed. On check-in they offered my sister and I a room with two beds and we had a look at it and decided it was too small. The king bed room had a bathtub with an excellent shower, a small fridge and kitchen sink and a medium-sized bathroom.The service of the hotel staff was totally above par, from the clerks to the barista in the cafe everyone was polite and extremely helpful.We paid a low introductory rate of $179 per night as the restaurant and room service were not in service yet. I think the rates will go up to about $350 per night if they haven't already at which point I don't know if I would stay that far off the beach for that much money.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	3	5	5	5	4	

<Author>cluvs2travel
<Content>THE BEST STAY EVER!!!       Another beautiful sitting area  
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PhiQ
<Content>Superb Hotel We booked this hotel on Priceline and were definitely not expecting too much but were thrilled with our experience. The hotel has just been renovated so it is spotless. The decor is very hip and stylish. The lobby has gorgeous aquariums, flat panel tvs and cool lounges as well as free internet. The pool and sculpture garden were beautiful. Certainly above average. This really is a fun boutique hotel. It is about two blocks from the beach in a great shopping area too. Paying top dollar to be able to see the beach is overrated. Staff was helpful and courteous. The room was small but impeccably decorated and super clean. It was a great deal. One of the least expensive hotels we found on Waikiki.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Slowdriver
<Content>Impressive stay at the Wyland We spent 3 nights at the Wyland. As we got off the shuttle, someone was right there to help with our luggage. Early check-in wasn't a problem at 1230hrs at the front desk. The staff were very pleasant and responsive. The decor was artsy (Wyland) and very tasteful. Everything appears very new and clean. There was free internet in the lobby, free newspaper at your door in the morning, one free coffee and danish per person per day in the cafe, free use of massage chairs in the Chill Room, free 15 minutes of calling to N. America or locally, and free freezies at the pool. The hotel is on a major busline...convenient to go to the major city sights in one direction and to Hanaoma Bay (closed on Tues.) in the other direction, all for busfare of $2. The downside is that it is noisy at night if the room faces the Cityview. Waikiki Beach is within walking distance...about 4-5 blocks. All major shopping is within walking distance.The 1 bedroom and living room were a nice size. The bathroom was normal sized. Everything was very new and tasteful. We will definitely go back.  
<Date>Dec 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>narnis
<Content>Good Stuff Wyland Waikiki!!! we stayed 3 nights, checked in early with no complications, and were upgraded (we found a good rate on expedia). beautiful new hotel, with a boutique vibe compared to the other huge offerings on waikiki. my husband loved the chill-out room with massage chairs and big screen, i loved the free ice-blocks by the pool! The Wyland had great service the whole time we stayed, and we would definitely recommend it to friends and family. The beach was a short walk, as was the shopping. Good stuff!!  
<Date>Oct 7, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>mlstravel
<Content>Wonderful new hotel in Waikiki If you have been to Waikiki, you know that there are very few new hotels in the area and we decided to give the Wyland a try. We arrived at around 10:30 AM and our room was surprisingly ready. They also upgraded us to a partial ocean view on the 17th floor. This is a remodeled hotel and they have done a wonderful job. Even though it is not on the beach, it is close to everything. 3 blocks from the beach and shopping. Being alittle away from the beach is actually a plus in our book since it is less busy and quieter. The pool area is so serene and gorgeous. They also provide Otter Pops which is a fun touch, along with the Pixy Stix at the front desk! All of the hotel staff were attentive and helpful. The beds are amazingly comfortable. If I had to think of one negative it would be the shower which is very small, but I think they did a good job with what they had to work with. Another HUGE plus at this hotel is the Chill Room - there are 8 massage chairs in this room which is perfect at the end of the day. I wish I could have taken one home! If you are looking for a huge chain hotel, this is not the place for you. If you are looking for a relaxing new boutique hotel, I would say give the Wyland a try. We are very glad we did!  
<Date>Sep 26, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BrittB
<Content>Convenient but Itty Bitty After a good bit of research for our girl's trip to Waikiki, we decided that the Wyland was just too great a deal to pass up. And it is an incredible value. The hotel is a short walk from just about anything you would want to do in Waikiki. The lobby is modern and cool (it has a W Hotel feel). The staff is responsive and friendly and the whole place feels very new and clean. Our room met the same standards--the beds are comfortable and the bathroom clean. Just one caviat. The rooms are TINY. I'm talking cruise ship tiny. We were after an inexpensive trip, so my friend and I went for a standard room with two beds and a city view. We had twin beds and had to store our luggage (although somewhat excessive--it was a girl's trip after all) on the lanai. We were even removing phone books from the bedside table and storing folded items on towels under the bed in a quest for extra space. So...I would highly recommend the Wyland if you are traveling light. There is barely enough room to turn around in there.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>hallfamilyWashington
<Content>great hotel excellent service I booked this hotel after reading many reviews. This was first trip to honolulu and was a surprise weekend getaway for my wifes birthday. We arrived at the hotel at 930 pm and were pleasantly greeted by front desk staff. We found our room was slightly on the small size, but very clean and tastefully decorated as well as having a comfortable bed and nice sized t.v. and bathroom.We only stayed at this hotel for 3 nights, but every aspect of our stay met or even exceeded our expectations. We were in town and wanting to see UFC fight and asked Shawn the bartender for his advice on where to see the fight. He called using his personal cell phone until he was confident that we would be taken care of and went out of his way to help us considering we weren't his bar customers. We also used the free , yes free business center to check in the night before leaving with airlines and print our boarding passes and all for free. We had a late flight that left at 9 pm and since checkout was at noon we asked if we could leave our bags with desk and were told that we could absolutely and they pointed out to us that if we wanted to freshen up before heading to airport that we could use there complimentary guest suite to shower in before leaving at no charge. We rented a jeep our last day so had to leave hotel by 7 am so we checked out and left our bags there at front desk. We did return to hotel at 430 and both of us used shower and it was great since we were both sweaty from riding in jeep all day with top down. It seemed as though no matter what you asked of the front desk they were all willing to bend over backwards to accomodate you. We had bellman call us a cab and they were very helpful and friendly. Our only negative experience if you could call it that is that we witnessed the female bartender beeing rude to several customers and employees. Not sure if she was having a bad day or what but like I said we had an awesome experience. We would recommend this hotel to anyone wanting to stay at a clean, comfortable, friendly, and well located hotel 3 blocks from waikiki beach. Also, they gave us free continental breakfast coupons for all 3 days we were there which I didn't expect from them. This was coffee and a muffin,crossantt, danish, or donut from there on sight Kimobean coffee company. Good coffee and good pastries. and once again very friendly. I would rate this hotel a 4 star. You guys are awesome and I will tell all! Mahalo JIm Hall (Washington)  
<Date>Sep 24, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ildibobs
<Content>Best Hotel I have stayed in I booked this hotel through Dial Direct Travel. When arriving I was dubious due to the fact that the bigger hotels had the first drop offs and our hotel was the last. Check in went well without a hitch. The lobby was modern and very up to date. Every where was gleaming new. We stayed in a suite and for 2 people it was great. The hotel room was spotless and airy and modern. It had a microwave, fidge and coffee maker which was all we needed. The bed was kingsize bed and was very confortable. Each bedroom had a large flat screen TV and freinternet access. The balcony was very big and it boasted table  chairs for 8 people. Now I am a fussy person who generally only goes 5*. I can honestly say that this hotel would rate a 5* without a doubt. We were situated in a great location for all the major shops. We did walk up to Aloa Moana Shopping centre twice but found that shopping was cheaper near our hotel. We were 3 minute walk from the Market Place and 3 shopping centres. restaurants and bars were on every corner. Public transport was also very close and there was a bus stop outside the hotel. the hotel does not yet have a resaurant but there was no an issue as the restaurants were so close. The swimming pool area was kept very clean and sunbeds were always available. If I went back to Waikiki this would be the only hotel I would stay in. I would liek to say well done the the staff at this hotel as they were all very friendly and professional. Thnak you too to Dial Direct Travel for finding this nice hotel.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>frankie_kl
<Content>Just the job We stayed here for 3 nights on a buy 2 nights, get 3rd free and used it as a base to familiarise ourselves with Waikiki and Oahu.The hotel is modern, clean, fresh and well located for getting around Waikiki and beyond. The main buses all pass by the Wyland and stop just outside.The staff are super friendly and efficient and unless you want to spend a lot of time in your hotel, or want a beachfront property, the Wyland has all you need. The bar is nice and the barstaff really friendly.When we stayed, the restaurant wasn't open yet, so breakfast was just a muffin/bagel/pastry and a coffee or tea - not ideal, but it means you can eat breakfast on the beach or elsewhere if you like. And I think the restaurant is opening soon. Once it has, this will be an even better hotel.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lovetotravelOjai_Ca
<Content>Felt like home at the Wyland Just returned from a week in Honolulu and a stay at the four month old Wyland. The staff at the desk, in maintenance and cleaning were terrific and friendly - not forgetting the valets at the parking area!We were booked at a different moderate priced hotel but after checking their reviews before we left ,changed to the Wyland a few days before arriving. Our main concern was cleanliness as we had no intention of staying in a place where you couldn't take your shoes off!We were upgraded upon our arrival to an ocean view room on the 17th floor. The room was beautiful and we got a city view as well as mountains and the sea as we were on the corner. The balcony was large and like everything about the room, clean and new. The bed was the most comfortable I have been in at a hotel but the room was a little noisy as trash trucks and street sweepers came by every morning at 6am!The shower did plug and is really small - luckily we are both under 6ft tall but I am not sure how this would work for anyone of large stature - I could barely stand under the shower head. There is a problem with the drainage in the shower. The bathroom sink has lovely faucets but again are too big for the size of the sink so water splashed a lot! But the cleaning staff didn't seem to mind and our room was cleaned every day before noon.There is no extraction fan in the windowless bathroom which may cause problems in the future but for now it is fine. Just another design problem. Beautiful granite bathroom and kitchenette though!The breakfast is fine for what we paid and if you don't want a pastry there were croissants and bagels which they toasted. The coffee was great! And besides there is an IHOP right across the street! Some days we used two coupons each and went to the IHOP the next day!The pool was wonderful and a great place to sit near with breakfast or a glass of wine in the evenings. Not too cold to swim in either but then again who needs a pool in Waikiki??Overall, I would come back as long as the hotel continues to be well maintained. It is a good walk to the beach but close to the new restaurant and shopping area at the Beach Walk. I wouldn't bring kids here as rooms are too small and it's not a fun place for small ones - but that's allright, sometimes it's ok to be an adult !  
<Date>Sep 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>thebarefootone
<Content>Unique Brand New Boutique Hotel with Very Small rooms       Standard Two Bed  
<Date>Sep 15, 2007
<Rating>4	4	2	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>socram13
<Content>Two sleepless nights... We arrived at the Ohana West just along the street at 1am after a 9 hour flight, to find that our pre-cruise one night booking hadn't been correctly confirmed, and that only one room had been booked instead of two (we were travelling with friends). Hotel was full. Friday night at 1am the noise in the street was deafening. The receptionist eventually got us into the Wyland, 4 blocks away, so we dragged our luggage down to the Wyland - running the gaunlet of the noisy drunks. A great start...Bryan, the night porter sorted us out the two rooms efficiently. Oh such bliss, such a nice tasteful foyer, clean and modern. The room was tastefully furnished but twin bedded. Hey, we were glad of any bed by this stage. The bliss was short-lived. We were in room 305. Tip: odd numbers are on the street side... Book an even numbered room, as high up as you can get, with the bedding arrangements your secondary consideration...The noise outside was such that no sleep at all was possible until well after 3am. Harley Davisons (there are lots around), cars with boom box stereos, shouting drunks, police sirens, you name it, we had it. A terrible night. Why can't they fit double glazing? Is is that difficult these days?We weren't offered the free breakfast (thank goodness), but did elect to stay the following Saturday night, as the original hotel was a worse nightmare waiting to happen - and they were full - again, anyway and we confirmed a pool facing room, expecting that to be fine.Needless to say, the following Saturday, we arrived early after the cruise, dumped our bags with a helpful Rudi, and returned to occupy the room at 1pm. Very nice indeed - on the surface. We had just had 7 wonderful days on the Pride Of America and we were well used to the whisper quiet cabin air conditioning and totally quiet nights.If we thought that just shifting to a pool facing room was going to resolve the noise issue, we were unfortunately wrong. We were allocated a corner room - 302, pool side but not overlooking the pool... which during the day had the bonus of a side window, albeit, overlooking the convenience store.All that happened was that instead of the room noise at night coming in via the ranchsliders, it came in via the side window... What was even worse was that that some bright spark had postioned the wall mounted aircon unit, the width of the bedside table away - about bed sleeping height, level with the head. (The beds are very high...) We hoped that this would at least mask the street noise, as it made a fair amount of noise of its own.Option 1 - switch it off - but it was far too hot.Option 2 - switch the very noisy unit on, but suffer the cold draft on your back or shoulders, as there was no way of directing the air upwards.At 3.30am, when the last shouting drunk had been sorted and the bikies had gone home, I decided to sleep on the floor - until my dear wife who was also still struggling to get any sleep, suggested we strip the bed and relocate the pillows to the foot of the bed. That worked well - but as we had to be up at 5:45am, we still didn't get much sleep.Its a shame, as the ambience of the place is very pleasant, the outdoor spa is spot on. Internet access was free. Joanna, running the bar, suggested we eat at Nick's Fish Market. We did. The most expensive meal I have ever had in my life... She's an attractive girl, so when we returned, she confirmed of course that she rarely had to pay... But that is not relevant to a Wyland review.Stay by all means, and if you can avoid the street noise, you'll probably enjoy it. It's certainly a far classier place than our original package booking, but once again, a frustrating loss of sleep ruining what should have been a relaxing couple of days.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2007
<Rating>2	3	4	2	5	4	3	3	

<Author>sergio_1234
<Content>Crappy breakfast but otherwise nice hotel Checked into The Wyland with wife for 6 nights and had booked kitchenette with breakfast and airport transfer package. airport transfers were fine as they are handled by another company. first night was traumatic as the noise from the main street is deafening. requested to change rooms the next morning but the 2 ladies on the front desk did not feel sympathetic. they said they could move us to a smaller room which is not as noisy (facing pool). we accepted. i believe we were on 9th floor which was much better. one thing that really annoyed me was the deceiving promotion of free breakfast each morning you stay at this hotel. this is the first hotel i have ever stayed in where they classify a coffee and a muffin as breakfast. this is ordered at the new coffee shop (mind you this coffee shop is owned by another company). so if you were planning on having cereal or fruit for breakfast forget it. in summary;i would not recommend the kitchenette rooms as they are too noisy (all face main road); dont order the kona coffee as its disgusting and have breakfast across the road at ihop. if you want to use internet in lobby be prepared to wait as every man and his dog wants to use it also. apart from that the atmosphere is cool in the lobby and the pool/landscaping is nice.i would definetly stay here again if the rates are on special again.from Aussies from the land downunder  
<Date>Aug 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	2	2	3	

<Author>Bacime
<Content>Beautiful Lobby We stayed here for a week. If you decide to go there make sure you visit Kimono Bean coffee shop right in the lobby. The coffee is out of this world, totally blows Star bucks away! The rooms where smaller than I expected but acceptable. The house keeping well you can tell they skimped on doing actual cleaning, though the rooms are clean, no roaches or anything like that. The bell hops are excellent. One even got us a limo for $7, needless to say it was the best $7 we spent! =) There is a bus stop right at the front of the hotel which was very convient and the tour buses pick ups are right across the street. Conveince stores are right across the street as well making little purchases like drinks and snacks a quick trip. Can easily access all the stores all about a block or so away. Look for ROBIN who works at the front desk, he is the MAN! Always helpful and friendly, very knowledgeable. The others, meh, they always acted like they where too busy. The pool was cold! I know 90 degree weather everyday and it's cold! But a very nice pool, not too big and never overly crowded, towels where provided and the area is very relaxing and clean. There is no room service or restaurants but they do have a massage room filled w/ massage chairs w/ a large screen TV and a Xbox if you just wanted to relax and hang out. All FREE! So is the internet access!! They also have a computer for guests to use, get there early though because it was always in use. All and all it was a decent place to stay. Not the best I've ever stayed at but Robin and the bell hops made it worth while. Oh and make sure you close the sliders, it affects the air conditioner which ours where on the fritz but they fixed it. =)  
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>3	5	2	5	2	5	3	4	

<Author>KidNorth
<Content>Fooled by Reviews I had been staying at the Hilton Village Resort for 8 nights prior to switching hotels for a change of view. The reviews posted on tripadvisor looked promising and they had 1 room left at a pay for 2 get 1 free night rate. All indications gave the impression that this newly renovated hotel was going to be a decent 4-star hotel similar to the Hilton. So I booked 3 nights. Here is a side by side comparison of a true 4 star hotel (Hilton), even though I thought it was only a 3.5 when I was there, versus the Wyland.At arrival:Hilton - Greeter escorted me to check-in desk. Full time doorman. Bellman brought bags to room.Wyland - Not a sole around as taxi driver helps drag bag up front steps. Lobby empty. 1 person at check-in desk. No bellman.Room:Hilton - Quiet - Spacious King - average sized Lanai - Sofa Bed - Arm chair - Coffee Table - Desk - Dresser/TV Stand - 32 LCD TV - Coffee Stand - Bathroom is actually 3 separate rooms plus a large closet.Wyland - Tiny double twin (promised a King but none available) - tiny bath/shower - tiny Lanai - wall A/C - tiny desk - tiny dresser/TV stand - 27LCD TV. As I walked in and placed my bags against the wall I had no room to manuever. The A/C came on and it was loud. I forced open the sliding door to the lanai to get busy city street noise. This was no 4-star. I immediately went back to the lobby and asked if they had better rooms. One King overlooking the pool remained for $40 more. I declined. Right then I asked if I could cancel the reservations. They said if hotels.com would agree to it, then they would refund my prepayment. (It was too late in the day to move again so I knew I was stuck for the night.) I went back to my room, logged on (good luck finding an outlet) and selected Outrigger Waikiki (another 4-star) on hotels.com. (The Sheraton was booked) Best move I made. Well worth the extra dollars. One additional item - As I entered the room I let the door close - or so I thought. Within 5 minutes Security was knocking at my door. Apparently, the extra coat of paint to hide the old decor was too thick to allow the door to close properly. You had to push the door to get it to close all the way. The security person also started me to think that this wasn't the best part of the Waikiki area. But back to the comparisons:Beds:Hilton - comfortable - plushwyland - hardboards - enough said!Bathroom:Hilton - This 3 room plus closet bathroom was larger than the entire Wyland room.Wyland - Tiny - Tiny - Tiny. I am no big person 5'8 185#. To use the sink and counter which was as wide as this keyboard, was a joke. I had to rest my left leg against the toilet, the corner of the counter was directly in my crotch, and my elbow hit the wall on the right as I brushed my teeth. As I leaned over to rinse, the contemporary faucet handle had a nice pointy rod aimed right for my eyes. Also, absolutely no room to place anything on the counter. Seriously folks - this was a room for little people! Half the towels as the Hilton as well.Closet:Hilton - Spacious with built in lighting with a safe at eye level.Wyland - I had to shimmy sideways next to the bed to access the closet. The safe was on the floor and I could only get on 1 knee to use it.I could go on and on but I won't. Leave it to say that there exist way better places to stay then the Wyland unless you are Tiny Tim. OK - one more comment - the artist Wyland should stick to pictures of sea life and stay out of the hotel designing business. The decor is cheap contemporary and not warm at all. This place is intended for those less traveled and who are involved in the world of Art. The clientele I observed there support this statement.Bottom Line: If you have kids - go to the Hilton Village Resort. If you want to be closer to the action on the Waikiki strip then go to the Outrigger Waikiki. Either way, both are a much more pleasant and comfortable stay and both are right on the beach. At best this is a 2 1/2 star hotel.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	2	3	3	2	2	

<Author>brosio
<Content>Great value at the Wyland My wife and I had a great stay at the Wyland and paid something like $150 a night, which we felt was a great value.To avoid being redundant, I would second just about everything the reviewer from August 5 said about the hotel -- everything is brand new, the staff if friendly, the location is perfect (unless you need to be on the beach), and the place has a cool, boutique vibe. The free coffee and danish at the on-premises coffee shop was a great touch. My only major gripe was with the $25 a day parking fee.I would caution those looking for a resort type of stay. The lobby-area is great, with a nice bar and areas to relax. The pool and spa are also nice. But everything is smallish compared to the resort type places. Also, there isn't really a concierge, and while the front desk does their best, they aren't particularly useful for concierge type of advice (restaurants, car rental advice, etc.) That said, to me, most of the Waikiki beach-front resort-type hotels we walked through (except the Westin Surfrider) felt dated and kind of like Vegas or convention hotels. I would avoid them like the plague.All in all, we'll be staying at the Wyland next time we're in Waikiki so long as their prices remain so reasonable.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mherrera0143
<Content>Amazing Service!   showReview(8352944, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jgirl3
<Content>Great newly renovated hotel       bedroom  
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	3	5	4	5	4	

<Author>AAs7
<Content>GREAT Stay - VERY nice hotel   showReview(7631118, 'full');   
<Date>May 16, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Jack_Stanley
<Content>Loved the Wyland   showReview(7554509, 'full');   
<Date>May 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bilkatrap
<Content>beore it opened   showReview(5807805, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 16, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	4	5	3	4	3	

<Author>sayurik7881
<Content>鎬濄仯銇熴倛銈娾€︺仹銈傜珛鍦般伅OK锛?#x201d;       3浜恒仹瀵濄仧銉欍儍銉?/a>  
<Date>Dec 17, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bobanms
<Content>銈堛亱銇ｃ仧       room  
<Date>Oct 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	3	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>蹇冨湴銈堛亜闆板洸姘椼伄銉囥偠銈ゃ儕銉笺偤銉涖儐銉€?#x201d;   showReview(21745173, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 20, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>marti67
<Content>Ottima posizione       Vista balcone  
<Date>Aug 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr schlechte Parkplatzsituation   showReview(17439427, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 12, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hervorragendes Hotel   showReview(14729832, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>渚垮埄銇ф竻娼?#x201d;   showReview(19930522, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 27, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈儊銉嶃儍銉堛伅浠樸亜銇︺亜...   showReview(19929073, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 1, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉曘儹銉炽儓銇屻亗銈嬪缓鐗┿伄...   showReview(19927359, 'full');   
<Date>May 13, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鑸┖浼氱ぞ銇優銈ゃ儷淇...   showReview(19923224, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 1, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈ㄣ偄銉┿偆銉炽兓銉涖儐銉寚...   showReview(19917451, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 1, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

