<Author>organictraveler
<Content>Exceeded Expectations I booked a 3 night/4 day trip to San Francisco as a mother/daughter get away. The room was perfect for 2 women trying to get ready. It was a nice size room with 2 twin beds. The sheets definitely need upgraded, but I was told that will be completed soon. There is a nice size vanity/sitting area/dressing table with a sink and plenty of room to hang clothes and store luggage. There is a small sink in the bathroom and yet a 3rd sink in a small cubicle size area with a coffee maker and small fridge. The complimentary ice water in the fridge is something that is practically unheard of these days. These separate areas made it really nice for us to be doing different things when in the room. While my daughter chose to sleep in in the mornings, I enjoyed the breakfast and was able to take her breakfast to the room for her to enjoy while she got ready for the day. We only had 1 night where we were not out sightseeing to enjoy the wine and appetizers. Both times were very nice to visit with other guests of the hotel. The location could not have been better. We had tickets to a show in the theatre district our first night and that was only 2 blocks away. We were also very close to great dining and shopping in the Union Square area. Having the cable stop to take you back to the hotel is a very nice bonus. We bought the 3 day Muni pass while waiting for our luggage at the airport and with that pass had unlimited use of the cable cars, the trains and the buses. It was a great, easy way to get around the City.We especially appreciated the JDV Greeter program. Jonathan showed us around the Haight/Ashbury area as well as Noe Valley. He also gave us a great education on using public transportation and utilizing the MUNI line for help via cell phone with any directions needed. We loved our visit to San Francisco and especially loved the White Swan Inn. I would not even consider staying anywhere else on my next visit to San Francisco.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2009
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>7373Houston
<Content>Great service We are a family of four with 5 year old twins. We had a great stay. While the room was smallish - expected for San Francisco, the staff was outstanding! Decor was lovely and location slightly noisy.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tgsapo
<Content>Does Not Disappoint! I stayed for 5 days at the White Swan Inn during a business trip this month. Though there were plenty of accomodation options in San Francisco, I was so thoroughly impressed by previous reviews of this hotel and decided to give it a go.I arrived by BART at approximately 2100 and walked the short distance to the hotel (about 10 minutes). The clerk was very helpful and welcoming upon check-in. The lobby was very warm and inviting; a fireplace crackled with a fire and a jar of cookies was tempting. I was given the keys to Room 31 and made my way to the second floor.I was so pleased to find the room was large, warm, and inviting. Romantic would be a good way to describe it, had I been there with my spouse. The bed was very large and comfortable with many various pillows to choose from. The fireplace created an inviting ambiance, and the books, wallpaper, and antique furnishings made it very comforting.The breakfasts were very European in distinction, with small pastries, frittatas, cereals, and fruit. The coffee was excellent! The evening wine and appetizers were delicious, elegantly displayed, and thoroghly satisfying. It was a pleasant experience to visit with other guests at the hotel.The hotel is located on Bush street, and is within walking distance to all things San Francisco. The only dollars spent for transportation were on the BART to and from the airport. It was 10 minutes walking distance to shopping and Chinatown and 30 minutes to Pier 39. There are numerous restaurants in the area.I was very impressed with the friendliness of the people in San Francisco. It seems to be a city centered on the arts and its people. The liberal reputation of the city was not completely overt to me.I would absolutely stay at this hotel again, and am hoping to return in the near future with my spouse.  
<Date>Dec 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kr_perry
<Content>Recommend it. We booked the Ashleigh Suite for 6 nights in November and found the experience to be more than satisfactory in every way. From the initial booking phone call to our departure we were treated exceptionally well by the staff. Our lodgings were large, clean and comfortable. The breakfasts were delicious as were the late afternoon wine and appetizer offerings. Other treats included all day tea, coffee and cookies, chocolates on the bed at turndown and a newspaper at our door every morning. This property is well located close to the cable car route and within easy walking distance of Union Square and a multitude of excellent restaurants. Try it. You'll like it. We did!  
<Date>Dec 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>ABCPres
<Content>An Exceptional Venue The White Swan Inn is a WONDERFUL place - from the clean, comfortable rooms to the friendly, helpful staff to the EXCEPTIONAL gourmet breakfast and wine and hors d'ouevres receptions everyday to the OUTSTANDING location right in the heart of San Francisco with easy access to the cable car system. I recommend this venue to anyone - I will definitely return in the future!  
<Date>Dec 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Patti-Art
<Content>Loved the White Swan Inn We chose the White Swan Inn because of it's great location near Nob Hill, Union Square and the cable car line. It was a delightful place to stay. The rooms are spacious and clean. The staff is helpful and knowledgeable and the amenities and extras are a wonderful touch. Excellent breakfast, cookies in the afternoon and hors d'oeuvres and wine before going out to dinner with the added bonus of meeting and chatting with other guests. We would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LucieandMarc
<Content>Loved the White Swan Inn We have just returned from a week-end in San Francisco at the White Swan Inn. The hotel is charming, and we thrououghly enjoyed our stay. The service was very friendly. Our room was very spacious, cute and extremely comfortable. We loved the chocolates and the champagne we found in our room when we checked in! The price was right considering all we got!The location was fabulous - just a hop away from Powell Street Cable Cars. The breakfast was good and hearthy. The wine reception gave us an opportunity to meet other travelers and become friends with a charming couple from Louisianna! We were fortunate to be taken around the city one morning by one of the Golden Gate greeters - what an experience, to be able to visit the city with a volunteer local. Lucie  Marc from Ottawa  
<Date>Nov 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>gleelamb
<Content>Be so lucky to stay at The White Swan Inn The White Swan Inn is too great a best- kept secret to keep secret! It's in the heart of the hub of San Francisco, on Bush Street, within walking distance of Union Square with lots of art galleries and shopping, yet it's like an oasis when you walk in. Warmly decorated, quiet, fireplaces going everywhere, a staff that's truly there to serve! A small courtyard downstairs off the library where complimentary wine (and good ones) and cheese are served every late afternoon and a large complimentary breakfast is served every morning.Terrific amenities, including pillow chocolates.... car parking is easily coordinated and taxis are there pronto when called.I've never felt that I got so much Bang for the Buck and great memories to take home and file for future trips back! --------------  
<Date>Nov 19, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CeceNewYork
<Content>Wonderful Boutique Hotel! This was our first trip to San Francisco and the Inn was our first experience with a Boutique Hotel. From check-in to check-out we were extremely impressed by the quality of service. All the staff was very helpful and friendly giving us directions, making restaurant and show reservations, suggesting sites to visit and in general making us feel at home. The building was quite charming and very comfortable. Our room was larger than it looked on the website and very clean  cozy. The breakfasts were abundant and tasty - we didn't need lunch. The wine and cheese each afternoon gave us time to wind down after a day of sightseeing while meeting other guests doing the same. By the way, the cheese, crackers, fruit and wine selections were great (also the all day cookies).When we return to SF, we will be staying at The White Swan Inn!!  
<Date>Nov 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>WilliamsportGrandpop
<Content>Loved the In Room Fireplace The in-room gas fireplace comes on at the flip of a switch and is perfect for the chilly San Francisco evenings The location can't be beat: 2 1/2 blocks from Union Square  the cable cars. The FREE continental breakfast is first rate and the FREE afternoon wine  snacks are the perfect way to recharge before heading out for evening activities. Throw in the nightly turn down service  helpful staff and you couldn't ask for any more to make the White Swan Inn our first choice for future stays.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>GracieBell
<Content>NIce Stay at The White Swan My sister, mother and I just returned from our trip to San Francisco where we stayed at the White Swan Inn 10/18 through 10/22. We were in California to celebrate my mom's 70th birthday. We spent 4 nights/5 days at the White Swan Inn at the beginning of our trip.The White Swan Inn was a great choice. It was a great small hotel in a big city in a good location. We had a room on the 1st floor with not much of a view other than a giant tree  a building behind us. But, it worked out fine for my mom who does not navigate stairs very well. There is an antiquated elevator that works perfectly fine for those that may be interested or need it. The hotel is older of course but very clean and tidy. Our room was spacious enough to accomodate the three of us with a king bed and a pull out sofa. At the beginning of our stay it was a bit chilly. The middle through the end of our stay the San Francisco weather was beautiful  warm. On warmer days, it did get a bit stuffy in the room in the evening and overnight. We did open the windows (our room had no screens) and this did help with the ventilation. On chilly mornings/evenings, the gas fireplace and heater in the room worked very well. The room, the bathroom, and the rest of the hotel are all very clean. As I mentioned before, a bit older but clean.The breakfast in the morning was good and of course very convenient. This made timing in the morning much easier so we didn't have to find breakfast every morning. Breakfast we certainly adequate with normally 2 hot items (quiche and scrambled eggs), hard boiled eggs, some type of protein (normally sausage), fresh fruit, bread, croissants, warm oatmeal, cold cereals, 2 juices, coffee, tea, etc. It was plenty to start off your busy day of touring San Francisco and the surrounding areas.Evening wine  cheese was also very nice with one type of red and white wine being offered along with a few hors o'dourves (normally some type of veggie  dip, brushetta on crackers, cheese  crackers, small meatballs, etc.). There were typically 3 items served each evening (at least on the evenings we made it). On my mom's 70th birthday we were in Napa all day. When we returned around 7pm there was a birthday cake in the room waiting for her - courtesy of the White Swan. I thought that was very nice. Our travel agent mentioned the birthday when making the reservation.The front desk staff at the White Swan Inn were always friendly and helpful. Kevin was exceptionally nice and very helpful. Another gentleman, Andy I believe his name may have been, who brought us to our room and also seemed to prep the area for the wine reception was also very nice. We appreciated the cleanliness and neatness of the hotel as well as the morning breakfast and evening wine and cheese. I would recommend the White Swan Inn to anyone staying in San Francisco and wouldn't hesitate to stay there again. would want to know about the pull out sofa condition since it certainly seems that everything is well maintained at the White Swan. We will certainly recommend the White Swan to anyone traveling to San Francisco and wouldn't hesitate to stay there again.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>chandito
<Content>Very romantic, quaint bit of England in SF I have stayed at this place numerous times and with different owners. The place has never disappointed. It is charming, romantic, cozy, etc... It has the benefit of being in a great location if you want to expore SF by foot (is there any other way?). The breakfast is yummy and the ambiance is so wonderful. The rooms are nice and the people that work there are very helpful and nice.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>woodsjc
<Content>Lovely place to stay We had four nights in late August, and really loved our time here.The rooms are quite spacious and comfortable. Our room faced the little courtyard, and we had no problem with noise. This might be more of an issue at the front of the building. We really appreciated all the complimentary things that come with the room - wireless internet, newspaper, water and soft drink as well as homemade cookies in the foyer, the lovely breakfast each morning, and the wine and nibbles late afternoon. The hotel is in a good position - one and a half blocks to the cable car and two block to Union Square. We found it very easy to get around from here. Staff were always pleasant and helpful. The bulding has a lovely ambience, with some interesting items on display.The lift is quite ancient, but fits the building. I'd suggest only using it when you want to move your bags up and down.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bridge_traveler5
<Content>Fun escape at the White Swan Inn We were so happy with our stay. Very spacious room for the price in the city and the fireplace was a nice addition. We were passing through the city from up north and had a peaceful night with delightful british breakfast in the morning complete with keish and the best soda bread on the planet made by an employee at the hotel. Fantastic!  
<Date>Sep 13, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Tea_Me
<Content>A quaint country inn Once you walk through the doors at the White Swan Inn, you would swear you are at a lovely country bed and breakfast in the US or England. The staff was very attentive and helpful. Our room was unexpectedly lovely with a Victorian charm. The breakfast was quite nice with many hot, fresh options and the evening wine reception capped off a lovely day. The homemade cookies that are offered all day were a surprising treat. I will definitely stay again when I am in SF. I don't think you could find a more attentive staff in the city.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>DeSimoni
<Content>Great hotel for the value My husband and I stayed at the White Swan Inn for five days.The room is outdated a little and needs to be updated, but it is very clean and neat. The staff were always friendly and very helpful.The breakfast was very good. Unfortunately, never made it to the wine and cheese in the afternoon. As for quietness, if you want quiet, do not come to San Francisco, there is always street noise in the mornings.We will definitely come back to the White Swan Inn or try one of her sister hotels.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>vatoca
<Content>Uncomfortable and unsafe-feeling I would not recommend this place. The breakfast and wine/cheese offerings were well done, but the rooms did not make me feel comfortable or safe. The first room they put me in had a heater that apparently never shuts off, and in May, although SF is not terribly hot then, it was extremely hot and stuffy; I got NO sleep the first night I was there. I had to ask about it 4 times, have a fan put in the room, and finally move to a different room. I also didn't feel very comfortable because the windows don't have screens on them, so to open the window (which I needed to do because it was so blasted hot!) would not have made me feel safe. Especially because there's a fire escape stairs route all across the back of the building. As a woman alone in the room, I felt very unsafe opening the windows. In short it was a lose-lose situation. The staff tried to be helpful, but unfortunately I think this was just an unfixable problem with the property that could only be helped with some major renovation.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	3	3	3	2	-1	

<Author>Julz_8
<Content>Great Hotel!! My husband and I ended our honeymoon here and stayed only 2 nights. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay. At check in, we were upgraded to a luxury king room and enjoyed complimentary champagne and chocolates. The room was like a small apartment! It was fantastic! We had a fire place (and since it was chilly in San Fran during our stay - the fire place was great!)Breakfast in the morning was nice. Fresh fruits, eggs, toast, cereals. The evening wine and muchies were great as well. We enjoyed talking with other guests and it really did become a bit of a social hour(s) :)The location is perfect as well. Only a block from the Powell line cable car stop and 2 blocks to Union Square. It was a great end to a great trip! Thanks!!  
<Date>Jul 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	-1	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>NHfamily
<Content>We loved the White Swan Inn! After reading reviews of bed and breakfasts in San Francisco we chose the White Swan Inn for our nine-day visit, and were very pleased with our choice! We found the front desk staff to be extremely helpful and friendly, with everything from restaurant recommendations to phoning in our airline confirmation promptly so that we had excellent seats on our long flight back to NH. Our hotel room (#31)was spacious and beautiful, and the Belgian chocolates on the bed each night, the bedside switch that blazed the fireplace, and rosemary/verbena lotions and soaps were added touches to the delightful overall ambiance. The breakfasts were wonderful; fresh fruit, croissants, fresh hot breads, quiches, sausages, scrambled eggs, french toast, as well as hot and cold cereals, juices, coffee and teas. We looked forward to the evening wine receptions in front of the fireplace or by the garden area before going out for the evening, with wonderful appetizers along with wine and sherry, and 40's style music playing softly in the background. All through this British-themed inn are evidences of the attention to detail that has been paid to guests' comfort and enjoyment. That, in addition to the central location, made this a perfect choice for a San Francisco stay!  
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Santacruzlass
<Content>A bit disappointing My husband and I just stayed at the White Swan for 2 nights. We wanted to be near Powell St./Union Square so our college-age son could take BART in to meet us. Location-wise, it was fine. I do have to agree with the reviewer who found the rooms dated and musty. That was my impression. The room, while spacious, was not particularly comfortable. There were only 2 chairs, so when our son came to visit, he had to sit on the floor! I think for the same price we could have had a very nice suite at the Warwick Regis on Geary. Two pluses: the front desk folks were quite pleasant, and it was nice to have easy access to our car. But would I stay there again? Probably not.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	4	3	3	

<Author>Aussie2urist
<Content>Not as good as I hoped My wife and I were not happy with this hotel. There is no air-conditioning and the noise between rooms is very poor.For the amount of money we had to pay ($240.00 +) we don't consider this hotel worthy of the price being asked.The breakfast was just adequate.If you want a quiet, comfortable hotel to stay I would not recommend this place.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	3	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>snillor
<Content>pretty good value,but Our family recently spent 2 nights at the white swan inn. the staff was gracious and helpful but the rooms seemed a little dated and musty. For the money its still a good place to stay but I think its gone down a few notches since our last visit.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	4	4	2	

<Author>Ogiegirl
<Content>As Wonderful as those infamous cable cars The White Swan Inn offers its visitors a true escape into a world of luxury, enchantment and beauty not found too often in the travel industry. Each guest is treated like a king or dignitary. The breakfast is wonderful, the wine hour fantastic and the staff attentive to every detail to make your stay wonderful.The room is cozy and warm and soundproof. The location in Nob Hill is fantastic - only a short walk to the cable line and bus lines - and a few blocks down hill to great shopping in downtown San Francisco.This boutique hotel is every bit as memorable and romantic as those fabled cable cars.We travel more than 2000 miles to get to the White Swan - thus you know we love it. It's been our vacation destiny for the past three years! I dream of our return. Please don't ever change a thing!  
<Date>Jul 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>eloiseconnecticut
<Content>A Jewel I was initially nervous to book a hotel on-line that no one I know had ever heard of or stayed at. What a wonderful surprise. The rooms are a nice size, the decor pleasant and the breakfast and dining area superb. I highly recommend the White Swan.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PhyllisColumbus_Ohio
<Content>Can't wait to stay there again. The Joie de Vivre hotel website recommended the White Swan Inn based on my hotel preferences. I had never visited San Francisco before and wanted a comfortable place to come home to in the evening since I was travelling alone and didn't want to stay out late at night. I stayed in Room 36 for a week, and just loved it. It's at the back of the hotel and therefore quieter, on the second floor (there is an elevator if you need it), with a lovely tree outside the window to bring the outside in. Being born in England (but American citizen) I immediately felt right at home, except at home I can't switch on the fireplace from my bedside - an enormous plus. SF nights and mornings can be chilly and it was pure heaven to have the fire going while watching TV in bed, and then again while getting dressed in the morning. The bed was super comfy and I loved the quaint tub and delicious-smelling soap and shampoo. The cook is wonderful and the breakfast breads and hot items are delicious. I also made myself a boiled egg sandwich and fruit to take along for lunch later. The wine/cheese/hot hors d'ouevres in the evening provide a great way to get to know your fellow guests and if you only want a light dinner it's an economical way to fill up since all the food is included in the nightly rate. The staff at the White Swan are all friendly and many have worked there for years. They will print you out very helpful sightseeing suggestions, as well as restaurant and other useful tips. The Inn will sell you a great padded jacket (M or F) if you don't bring a warm coat. I wore it every day and found it light, warm, and wind-resistent. I also bought one of their bathrobes since I had nothing so light and comfortable at home. One of my fellow guests, also a woman staying there alone, said she regularly stays at the White Swan because she feels safe there. I concur. It's a secure and cozy home away from home and I can't imagine staying anywhere else when I return.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>TexasYorkielover
<Content>Perfect in Every Way! There is no rating category high enough for this delightful boutique hotel. It was WAY beyond my expectations. There is not enough space here to do this place justice. The room was wonderful, and having a fireplace to use in June was a treat. The front desk staff was helpful every time we needed them. The wine reception each evening was a real treat, as was the gourmet continental breakfast. When you pull up to this hotel, it does not look particularly impressive from the outside. But just wait! It's worth every penny you will spend to stay here. It's very conveniently located. We never took our car out of the garage because the trolley and bus access is nearby. We will never again search for a place to stay in San Francisco. This is it!  
<Date>Jun 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mookdogg
<Content>Nice little hotel My wife and I stayed at this Inn for two nights during the month of June, during a record heatwave.Good Points about the hotel:-Wine and Appetizer selection in the evening is very enjoyable. It 's a nice way to relax after busy days of traveling and sight seeing.-Breakfast are very convient and quick. Fresh fruit is really good, otherwise standard buffet breakfast.-Hotel has complimentry beverages in the refigerator-Very large rooms, Their is a seperate closet and sink area, meaning two people can using sinks at the same time-Hotel Front desk and all staff are very nice and made great reccomendations and reservations for dinner places. You get very individualized attention, something you will not get at a larger hotelBad points-Bathrooms are a little dated.-Very old elevator, some may feel it adds to the charm.-We stayed during a record heat wave, and very poor ventalation no AC, Ceiling fans, or window screens. The fans or screens would of really helped and probably would have been more comfortable. Most places in SF did not have proper colling facilites. More a risk of traveling during the summerNo OpinionIn room Fire PlaceOverall.Very charming hotel, I would stay there again and reccomend it to others as well. The staff is very friendly, and one of the hotel's assets.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>chechina
<Content>Exceptionally Accomodating  I cannot stress enough how completely accomodating the White Swan is. I needed to shorten my original 5 night booking several times; I was never charged any penalties; they understood and served my every need, the comfort and peacefulness was amazing. The bedding was luxurious; the bathroom clean and fresh, wonderful shower. It helped to have free drinks chilled and ready; cookies ready for a midnight snack in the lobby; a wine tasting with dip and quiche in the afternoon plus a marvellous breakfast waiting, all at no extra charge!! Each and every question and request was met instantly with a can do attitude, and our comfort was of extreme concern to the staff.  Decoration is charming, thoughtful and historic. An experience in itself. Apparantly they are less concerned about their profits than your comfort and convenience, and put out every effort to make sure you have everything you need w/out nickel and diming you in the process. I greatly appreciated the beautiful fireplace, the cozy lobby and stress of the upkeep of this historic property. The feel is complete San Francisco--a throwback to a more leisurely and genteel time period with every modern convenience and then some--all graciously offered with hospitality and charm.They even had a nice selection of interesting books in the rooms to help you get to sleep and pass the time.  I would advise you to contact the property directly for reservations as they were fast, accomodating and absolutely hassle free. It was a cheap cabride to the Great American Music Hall and Union Square where I visited, and took in the city tour from there. It was heavenly coming back to rest here after two concerts in a row that were late--we called the White Swan and they arranged cabs immediately for us to pick us up at our destination even at 1:00 a.m. I sincerely couldn't have asked for more. The ambiance and relaxation I was afforded here made the trip much more memorable and atmospheric, and I plan to return this month to savor the City again from atop Nob Hill at the White Swan!  
<Date>Jun 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>tipatzschke
<Content>A wonderful home in San Francisco The White Swann Inn is a lovely small retreat in the heart of San Francisco. With Cable Car and bus in walking distance a perfect place to explore the city.The Inn has the charm of a country inn in England, though in the heart of San Francisco. A garden in the back, a charming common area downstairs, a library, complimentary wine tasting, fire places... The list is long and makes your stay exceptional.The rooms are spacious and let you feel at home right away. Last but not least, the friendly and helpful staff makes your stay something special.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>scotladdie
<Content>The White Swan a "Regular" for Us in SF We've been staying at the White Swan 2-4 times per year for the past two years, since our former favorite JDV hotel in our daughter's SF neighborhood, the Lambourne, closed. We've never been disappointed.The entire staff -- manager, desk staff, kitchen staff, maintenance staff are friendly and helpful. They go out of their way to be hospitable and informative. The morning breakfast is superb -- far above the chain hotel continental or manufactured fare. The evening wine/cheese/salads reception is generous and relaxing.The location, just up from Market Square, is excellent.If you're looking for something other than a chain hotel experience, this is a warm, welcoming, wonderful small inn choice.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Mililani
<Content>White Swan Inn Delight This was our second stay at the beautiful and inviting White Swan Inn. The service at this hotel is excellent and since we had stayed here before we knew about the wonderful breakfast, the warm fireplace, the cookie jar and the great people at the front desk. Everyone made us feel so very welcome.The room was very clean and tidy. They have new Lather bath products which are heavenly to use. I even asked for a couple of extra bars of the soad to take home.Andy was his usual helpful self! He brought us a bottle of wine as it was my Birthday--he did this last year also. Andy is an icon at the hotel----seems he's been there for years, always giving directions, assisting with luggage, and just brightening everything up with his great smile.We will, of course, be back next year, and can't wait to hear all about the new Joie de Vivre happenings.Diane  Leroy  
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Adreanna
<Content>Romantic and home away from home Perfect for me.. Loved my stay. Great location and breakfast was great. Your going to love it there.  
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>atldm
<Content>I have been coming back to this great hotel since the '90's The first time I stayed at the White Swan, I had called to book the Petit Auberge. It had no rooms available so the staff suggested the White Swan. The two hotels are much the same but I prefer the White Swan and continue to book a room there when I am in San Francisco. The decor has changed to the flowery look it has now and bears are everywhere. It isn't my preference, but the large rooms, the working fireplace, the wonderful breakfast and the late afternoon sherry and wine make the inn what it is. Just great. The helpful, friendly staff are a plus as well. Because it is a small hotel, you have a chance to meet a lot of very interesting guests to share travel tips and conversation with at the afternoon tea. .I walk everywhere and like its location for that too.ldmobley  
<Date>May 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>sebx
<Content>Pleasant stay in Central SF We stayed in room 43 for just over $200 per night. The room is spacious, clean and quiet. It even sports a gas-operated open fireplace. The hotel feels a lot like an English BB: cosy, warm, personable and great breakfast. Definitely recommended, although you may find that a room in sister hotel Carlton for half the price does the job just as well.  
<Date>May 12, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>stcbill
<Content>A Delightful Surprise A truly wonderful visit! Because of my business travels, we've usually stayed in major hotels: e.g. St. Francis; Marriott; Hyatt, etc.For our most recent visit to San Francisco, my wife (who dislikes large hotels) enjoined me to stay in a smaller hotel that she found on the internet: the White Swan Inn.We had a wonderful time? The Staff was great: The accomodations were very nice: but best of all, the other guests were so friendly and entertaining. We looked forward to each breakfast and afternoon wine  cheese. We met friendly folks who were happy to chat and share their day's experiences. It was comfortable and it was fun! What more can you ask? We've told friends about it....and we'll be back.  
<Date>May 11, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Mamakalisa
<Content>Cutesy-pie kitsch I stayed there for a week in April. The White Swan is very well situated for getting aorund San Francisco and has some excellent restaurants in the close vicinity. The staff were polite but impersonal, and some of the 'backstage' women were downright miserable. My room was flowered from carpet to walls and back again. The roses and teddy bears are really overdone. There was plenty of hot water and a tiny bath. The bed was comfortable and the coffee machine in the room was great. The bed was a pretty tight fit into the room, but otherwise there was plenty of space and a fireplace which was a nice touch. The 'gourmet' breakfasts were nothing of the kind. Every day the eggs were overcooked and offered with sausages and the fruit choice never varied.However, complimentary snacks were on offer every evening, with teas and coffee and drinks - a nice way of bringing all the guests together if that is what you are looking for. I loved escaping the somewhat forced jollifications on the quiet deck outside that was surrounded by pleasant greenery.I think the White Swan is good value for money and very conveniently located, but having now stayed in a genuine and authentic English country garden hotel I can honestly say the Wahite Swan comes nowhere close to it. Next time I will stay in a hotel without pretensions.  
<Date>May 6, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	5	4	1	2	3	

<Author>JamieMSanDiego
<Content>Charming and Convenient My mother, sister, and I stayed here for 5 nights as a fun girls getaway, and it was exactly what we wanted. Charming, old-fashioned, homelike rooms with enough space for three women to get ready in the morning -- pretty floral and plaid decor that would perhaps appeal more to the ladies than the gentlemen -- a working gas fireplace -- excellent location that's convenient to Union Square and to cable car lines down to the bay -- good restaurants within walking distance in an area where we felt safe walking after dark -- a pleasant staff that was helpful with calling cabs, making dinner reservations, providing suggestions. We were very happy here and would certainly return again.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>conprojman
<Content>Unique, Fun change of pace. We stayed at the White Swann for 3 nights around the first of February and loved it. The breakfasts were great, lots of choices, fresh fruit, quiche, croissants etc. The rooms were different and fun, our daughter loved the bears and ended up taking one home. The evening wine social was a nice time to meet others and relax. The hotel is close to cable cars, Union square etc. very easy to get around. Tip: get a MUNI 3 day pass for the buses and cable cars etc. and you save tons on transportation.$18 for three days was a great deal.You will not be disappoitnted with the White Swann Inn.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Vickinbobyo
<Content>Disappointing I thought maybe we made reservations at the wrong Inn after reading the reviews, but I verified the address and yes, we were staying at the same place Where to start, when we arrived the staff was very accommodating and helpful and this was true throughout our stay. But the Inn needs serious maintenance. Our first room's shower was filthy with mold everywhere. But we were tired and decided to ask for a different room the next morning. Big mistake, the bed had a broken spring on the left side and my husband could not sleep at all. The next morning we asked to change rooms, and they said no problem it would be about 20 minutes and we could move. We waited an hour and called back and said what if we upgrade can we get a room now. They said yes, only $20.00 to upgrade. Another hour passes, we call again, they have to go check on the room they will call back, finally after another half of an hour we call back and finally move ourselves. The Inn staff is nice but the right hand does not know what the left hand is doing. The evening wine and snacks are great. The breakfasts, edible. After all we went through I was surprised they still charged us the additional $20.00. Needless to say not a place I would stay again,  
<Date>Mar 1, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	1	5	2	-1	

<Author>Cinful25
<Content>Home away from Home As a now-frequent business traveler to SF, during my first trip in Oct07 I stayed at a large chain hotel. Knowing that I was going to be in SF at least a week or two per month for several upcoming months, I wanted more than a large chain hotel ... I wanted all the comforts of home. I asked (local) colleagues for recommendations, searched the directory, and found the only place I will ever stay while in SF. I have stayed at the White Swan Inn several times over the last 5 months, with more trips already booked. There is no alternate hotel for me at all ... this is THE ONE! The ENTIRE staff is fabulous! The manager, Eric, prides himself on being manager of such a premier service establishment. The front desk staff, the kitchen team, the bell/maintenance staff are top notch. The rooms are very spacious, comfortable, with appropriate workspace provided as well. The common areas of the hotel are inviting, comfortable, and lovely (including the outdoor deck ... what a place to enjoy the afternoon reading). Whether traveling on business, or for pleasure, THIS is THE place to come home to.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bluelightning
<Content>unexpected charm in inner city We recently spent 2 days at the White Swan Inn.The hot breakfast was delicious and the evening wine reception was a nice way to unwind after a day of hiking the hills of San Francisco. Our room was very quiet considering the Inn's location on a busy street. There was no traffic noise, however the birds in the courtyard started cooing at about 5 a.m.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	3	-1	-1	

<Author>BeeIslander
<Content>B Islanders Loved the WS For our 30th wedding anniversary, we chose a trip to San Francisco. After much research, we fortunately picked the White Swan for our 4 nite stay. We had been to London in 2006 and were attracted to the European boutique style hotel. It is not a hotel for everyone, particularly if you are into modern. But it you love history and antiques and the atmosphere such presents, you will fall in love with this hotel. First, the staff is very welcoming and knowledgeable about the area. They provide you with a list of outstanding local restaurants and were exceptionally helpful with tourists sites. The SF City tour they recommended was incredible. The hotel is also totally convenient to downtown SF. It is about one block to a cable car  then two blocks downhill to Union Square. It is one block uphill to the Mark Anthony Hotel and Grace Cathedral. The room we had was great. We splurged on a Deluxe King bed room. It was spacious, had windows overlooking a side greenery area, was beautifully decorated in red/green plaid bedding with floral wallpaper. The most unexpected but wonderful discovery was the hotel's original, and in perfect working condition, old type elevator with its pull back metal screen door (think the movie Charades).The food was fabulous, starting with a hot breakfast that changed daily. I loved the french breadpudding. Breakfast, included in your roomrate, had a variety of eggs, quiche, sausage, fresh fruit, toast, pastries, and hot gourmet oatmeal. The breakfast room is full of antiques. In the early evening, wine was served with a variety of cheese, crackers, fruit, fresh vegies, and a dessert. In the late evening coming in after a cold walk in the rain, we welcomed the hot cider and again fresh homemade cookies. The hotel was one of the great highlites of our trip. We highly recommend it--particularly to couples. We will of course stay there again.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Raiza123
<Content>Loved the White Swan, want to go back! We were celebrating our one year anniversary and this was a perfect vacation. We stayed 2 nights / 3 days and it was perfect way to see San Francisco. We loved the location! It was sucha nice quiet resort in the middle of the city. We were right off the cable car line and could hop over a few blocks to Union Square  visit the beautiful Christmas tree. We walked over to China town and were able to go up the cable line to Fisherman's Wharf and the cable car museum. Basically all the good tourist sites. The price was very reasonable. We lucked out on the weather. The breakfast in the mornings was quite nice and we enjoyed the appetizers and wine in the evenings right before going out to eat. The staff was very friendly and accomodating. Our bed was comfortable, the room was clean and we enjoyed the fireplace in the room (all rooms have fireplaces here). I could rave on  on but I think you get the idea. Blissful, romantic, good location, nice staff, good price...  
<Date>Feb 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>ItalianTraveller
<Content>Just what I hoped for in San Francisco The White Swan was inviting from the first moment we arrived. The staff was extremely helpful without being effusive. The room was exactly as pictured on the many web sites unlike so many other hotels. The breakfasts, wine and cheese and cookies were a definite plus and the price was not prohibitive. The fireplace was totally welcome on our last day (typical dreary San Francisco winter weather) and made the experience all the cheerier. I could do without the teddy bear, but he didn't take up that much room.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RBC229
<Content>Great Christmas vacation! Based mainly on the reviews we read here, we selected the White Swan to visit the Bay Area over Christmas. The property was charming, the breakfasts were both satisfying and varied from day to day, and the location was convenient. I expected small rooms but the rooms were more than adequate in size. The staff was extremely helpful, taking time to fill us in on not just local attractions but discussing local culture and news. It was a perfect location for a family Christmas gathering, with the fireplaces (we brought our own stockings). The walk to Union Square was easy. We stayed there with our children 15  23, and they liked it as well. We checked out at noon and they graciously let us store our luggage until late that evening.If I had to stretch to pick negatives, I would mention that the bathroom fan sounded like an airplane engine, but that was the only negative.  Overall a very nice experience in the heart of the city.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>PhoenixTraveler58
<Content>A nice change... The White Swan Inn is a nice change from the larger chain hotels in the Union Square area. Our room was a great size and fit our needs perfectly. The continental breakfast was a nice addition.  
<Date>Dec 14, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	4	3	

<Author>Tagesthemen
<Content>Very nice stay This hotel is very kitsch and twee if that is your thing (e.g a teddy bear on the bed and a fake open fire). It is not mine but persuaded by my partner who wanted to stay somwhere different we gave it a try. It was a very comfortable stay. I think this is the word that best sums up this hotel: comfortable. The staff were very helpful. We had a very nice stay here. The only downside I would identify is that the breakfast was a bit dull and repetitive.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>smrtdad
<Content>Contrary to the majority of reviews, I did not enjoy it. We stayed for one evening in the first week of November. We stayed on the 5th floor. The room was very warm when we checked in. It had a western exposure so I could understand that. We called the desk and asked for a fan. They brought us a box fan that had filthy blades. When I turned it on I got a shower of dust and unknown particulate.The breakfast was OK, Quiche was overcooked (scrambled) and oatmeal needed some attention. The T.V. volume would not allow one to watch TV from the bed. We could not hear it.The staff, other than one of the gentlemen who worked the desk were terrific and helpful. The aforementioned desk attendant had an attitude and was snobby and unfriendly.Location is great. You can walk anywhere from here.The room was tired and reminded me of my great grandmothers old guest room. Two thin bath towels and a box of coronet tissue tossed on to the back of the toilet were the amenities in the old bathroom that had a constant drip. The showerheads are about as spartan as they can get. I say upgrade a few things boys.Overall...been there, wont be back.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	5	2	2	4	1	

<Author>Soulmates33
<Content>Perfect stay - gotta love JDV hotels in SF       An English sitting room at the White Swan  
<Date>Nov 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>RoadsterGirlie
<Content>Top of the line Service It has been 14 years since I have been to San Francisco, and my husband has never been there. I booked a 4 night stay at the White Swan Inn, and we were not disappointed. Not really knowing the city, the staff was extremely helpful with both recommendations for restaurants, and places to see and things to do. They were always pleasant, and happy to accomodate with any questions or requests.The valet was extremely convenient, considering parking yourself in the city is a pain, and I'm so glad it was available. This place is NOT your run of the mill, cookie cutter Best Western. If you are looking for something with character, charm and history, look no further. This hotel is almost 100 years old, but is extremely well-kept for its age. The room was very large (we had the luxury king), with walk-in closets and a fireplace in the room. It was extremely charming, and we had a wonderful time here. It was conveniently located within walking distance of just about anything in the city - if something's too far to walk to you, the cable cars are within two blocks of the hotel. I definately recommend this place!  
<Date>Oct 31, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>Nicmacco
<Content>Very nice stay. I booked the White Swan based on the TA reviews and was not disappointed. We are not bed  breakfast people at all, so I was a little nervous. I was in San Fran for business at Moscone and brought along my husband and 2 year old. So, I was nervous about how a 2 year old would be accepted. The staff was so wonderful to him, they all made such a fuss, nothing but friendly, getting him juice, had a crib ready without me asking, just very nice. The other guests probably weren't as enthused, but he was well behaved and they dealt with it. But, the main reason I chose the White Swan was because I had a 2 year old . I needed something more than a standard Hyatt room, and for the same price, I got a King Deluxe Romance Suite. So, this gave us some more room plus drinks and breakfast. They were smart, knowing a toddler was coming, we were given the room right above the patio/breakfast room, so his little footsteps wouldn't wake anybody up below us. And our room was on the end, so we probably didn't interupt to many people with his 6am cartoon time. So, we loved it, our son felt like he was at Gammy's house and I was able to walk to/from Moscone, China town, nearby restaurants. They have a great dive bar (not really a dive) up the street called Summer Place and they have an awesome juke box.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	3	5	5	3	

<Author>sakimagog
<Content>great inn in the city We booked three nights at the inn through luxuxy link, we were not disappointed. At our arrival the wine and hors d'oeuvres were fantastic. Not just a few crackers and cheese but a salad, plenty of cheeses ,breads ,crackers , dessert and we never ran out of wine!! The staff was very helpful with city directions and so nice. The hot and cold breakfast was amazing, it got us ready for our day long adventure. The location is perfect, we walked all over and at night we were a hop away from the cable cars. The room was spacious and clean. We are highly recommending the inn to all our friends. Price quality it was our best deal on our trip...,  
<Date>Oct 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>galveston_gal
<Content>Would Definitely Stay Here Again Our travel party consisted of my huband and myself on our 33rd wedding anniversary. We were first time travelers to San Francisco, and I booked the White Swan Inn based on TripAdviser reviews and forum posts by the experts. We were not disappointed.They allowed us to store our luggage after arriving early from the airport, well before the 3:00 p.m. check-in. We got a cup of tea and set out to see San Francisco. We didn't arrive back until late afternoon, and we were very happy to have the large comfortable king-sized bed awaiting us along with our luggage. Even though the weather was gorgeous, we lit the fireplace every evening and enjoyed the cozy ambience it lent to the room.The location was fantastic...we found several small restaurants, cocktail lounges, and small Mom and Pop delis in the area. It is also very convenient to the local transportation system. When we return to San Francisco, this hotel will certainly be on our short list of places to stay.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>indyprb
<Content>Another wonderful visit to the White Swan Inn! We returned to the White Swan Inn for a five night stay. We have beenvisiting the Inn since 1995 and always come back when traveling to San Francisco. Love the breakfast and the wine reception in the evening (esp. fun if friends are also staying there). We will be back.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bigheart353
<Content>loved it great service. nice people. wonderful breakfasts with the best Irish Soda bread and terific chocolate chip cookies in eth evening.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TAtripper
<Content>Charming, romantic, quaint No complaints. Very, very pleasant accomodating staff. Room was lovely and quite large with a king bed and ultra comfortable mattress. Neither my husband or I felt unsafe in the area even after dark, but I can see if you're somewhat skittish you might be nervous since it isn't a high traffic area like it is right on Union Square. Great shower and vanity and loved the complimentary sodas in the fridge everyday. Will stay there again on our next visit.....  
<Date>Oct 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ChickyWahWah
<Content>Charming, quaint, but maintanance issues that shouldn't be for $'s Paid Pros. Generally a charming place with teddy bears on beds and sleeper sofa. Our room was more spacious than 4-star hotel where we stayed prior 3 nights in San Francisco. Beds were comfortable, nice little wet bar area, lots of hot water,  decent hot breakfast. Accommodating staff. Very clean. The fireplace was a very nice touch. Small grocery across street  a small sandwich shop that probably closed around 9 p.m.Downstair sitting  dining areas are very pleasant  lots of old world charm. Cons. The fifth floor room appeared to need some TLC. The faucet in the wet bar leaked  could not get it to turn off. My husband had to shut off the water, water dripped from cold water faucet in bathroom, repeatedly asked for extra towels that never arrived for we had 3 persons in room,  19 inch color tv (cable hookup with lots of channels) with sound that was very low  barely could be heard with street noises. There probably are governors on the sound so occupants cannot turn on tv too loudly. This is not a problem unless you want to really listen to tv intensely, but who would --this is San Francisco!!!The elevator left much to be desired. It had its own charm, but if a person left the gate open, then the elevator would not operate. This was tough trying to haul baggage to main floor when leaving hotel. There is no way to let front desk know about this problem unless you go back to your room or someone ventures down the stairs. We lost 10 minutes just trying to get from fifth floor to main floor when leaving for our flight.Breakfast does not start until 7 a.m., which is ok while not on business or needing to get an early flight out. Our son was in dining room at 7 a.m. when departing, but no food was even ready -- we had no breakfast before leaving for our flight.You have to go to first floor to get ice, but this is not a deal breaker.My husband did not really feel comfortable venturing out after 9 p.m. on street so got food from small grocery across street. During day, great location  felt safe-- easy 15 minute walk to Union Square  major shopping.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	5	5	4	2	

<Author>LauraASanFranciso
<Content>France in San Francisco I needed a place to stay while work was done in my home. I am an SF resident, so I needed a place to replicate home, I work at home. I have been staying at all the big local 4  5 star hotels and found their huge machine-like operations distasteful. We were paying club rate and being treated like children! In one a printed sheet informs one how to dress for their breakfast ?(basically a Denny meal), told not to take food out of the room and you are watched on cameras. We were paying a high club rate for being treated like escapees from Miss Manner prison. But those hotels are clean and have all the amenities we need ?Internet, etc. I was at first not too sure about staying at a small BB type place. The rate was good, and the pictures looked cute, so I decided to experiment. Usually online photos are better then the truth. You cannot smell mustiness online. I arrived expecting the worst to be honest. The outside is nothing spectacular ?just as I found in Europe. Exteriors can be deceiving. The sweetest desk person ?mouth full of braces revealing the most gorgeous smile ?was more then accommodating. ou need more body lotion ?wel send it up. Movie schedule ?let me print it out for you.?There was not that rushed tone of patronizing fake care. I loved the whole hotel ?it is an escape into a Victorian world - it is so much like European Inns, but CLEAN, no mold or mustiness. The room we stayed in was spotless. Had a hard time finding the switch to turn on the fireplace ?but again, there was no blown out gasp of condescension when I called down to inquire where in the room it might be hiding. The snack ?uh wine and cheese, grapes, etc ?was sweet ?good way to mingle. But the breakfast was beyond what I expected. The quiche is homemade ?I really was ready for it to be a Costco kinde scene ?something made with lard and gelatin. It was light and full of veggies. There was fruit, juice, and a huge yummy pot of oatmeal. Great homemade scones and yummies. When I asked one of the serving ladies were these warmed muffins made there, she had the very slightly affronted response that comes from someone carrying the pride of their work ?f course!?I was thrilled. The cleaning people in the halls all smiled ?I am not kidding. When I approached them for a few more plastic bags ?they offered me more water. I love how the shower gave me directions. That is one way I do not feel patronized! The hotel seems to attract a clientele you more often find in Europe ?friendly, explorers -folks that do not what the box corporate experience. Folks that find joy in the more intimate less anonymous setting. In our spacious room at night we felt we had traveled into another time ?we borrowed he Sting?(they have VCR) and allowed ourselves the rare treat of vacation in our hometown.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Girlgolfpro
<Content>Great place to stay in SF My husband and I stayed 4 nights at this charming property. The rooms are like an English country inn and are quite spacious. The free breakfast (including egg dishes) was quite good as was the free afternoon wine and cheese offering. It was also nice to have a fridge in the room. Their location is close to public transportation to all of SF. I have stayed at many 5 star properties, but for the money, I think this was a steal.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>iamnotanoun
<Content>Nice hotel My mother and I enjoyed our 2 night stay at the White Swan. I'd give it a good, not great. The rooms are larger than I am accustomed to seeing in San Francisco which was nice. The hotel is about 4 blocks from Union Square, however the walk requires a steep uphill return of several blocks, beyond the ability of my 78 year old mother. The elevator is old, and quaint or annoying depending on your attitude. While were there almost all of the people we saw at the wine happy hour and breakfast were AARP'ers.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	4	4	3	

<Author>ohyesdear
<Content>Outstanging WOW!! In the heart of San Fran...a little bit of England. The rooms were spacious. Clean and very cousy with the fireplace that lights at the tip of a light switch.The morning breakfasts were excellent. Between the quiche and the French pastry, your day begins with a smile and the energy to concur San Fran.The front desk staff was very accommodating and knowledgable of the different events and tours in the area.It was a peace of heaven in a busy town.The cable cars are only 2 blocks away and everything else is at your fingertips.I will definitely stay at this wonderful BB on my next trip to San Fran and would recommend it to anyone going to the area.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Orlsurfer
<Content>Loved the quaint hotel My father was stationed at Presidio back in the 80's  I fell in love w/ San Francisco. My wife  I have returned many times over the 15 yrs we've been together. We were in Sonoma April 2007 for a sales conference  spent our last 2 days in the city before we left. Our friends we were travelling with had chosen this hotel  we absolutely loved it! It was definitely an older bldg in SF but that's what gives it character. I've read several of the reviews here  must agree w/ almost all of them. I do however, take exception w/ some of the reviews w/ regard to a/c, street level noise  small rooms .... People, this is a city botique hotel. Have you ever lived in the city -- people are up at all hours! Expect street noise -- try living in it  soon you'll realize its the same. We've stayed at other hotels in SF  found the same thing -- again, its called city living. A/C in San Francisco -- its just not necessary! Open the windows  let some fresh air in. Last Sept '06 we stayed in the Van Ness / Geary Blvd area  experienced the same street noise so don't think it's just this hotel. Plus, in Sept it was gorgeous for the first few days as we hit the indian summer perfect then Saturday rolled around .... we were in a nice local pub w/ shorts on  when we left a few hours later the temp had dropped 20 degrees to below 60 w/ fog  all! I felt like I was living there again for a just a magical moment in time. Oh yeah, if you get the chance, travel a few blocks southwest  dine at Fluer De Lys -- 777 Sutter St. Chef Keller is magnifique!! If you get the chance, stay at this hotel -- but expect a city botique hotel built in the early 1900's!  
<Date>Sep 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>antgeeja
<Content>Charming hotel, great location! What a charming hotel! Staff is very friendly and helpful. We booked the deluxe king room and found it very clean and spacious. The fireplace in the room was a nice treat. The hotel was built in the early 1900's and retains the original charm and character of an older building. The buffet breakfast was wonderful: quiches, fresh fruits, pastries, cereal and sausages. So much more than we had expected. Our room faced the street, and yes there is street noise. But, no much more than one would expect in any large city. True, there is no air conditioning, in fact very few hotels in the city do have a/c. But with the mild climate of San Francisco, it is almost never needed. Parking is off site, so there is a bit of a wait for your car to be brought around if you need it immediately. But, with a little planning ahead, its a non-issue.  We decided to do some shopping the day of our departure and the hotel stored our luggage for us until we returned. We called ahead for our car and it was waiting for us when we returned. The hotel is within walking distance to many great restaurants, shopping and the cable car lines. We will definitely be back!  
<Date>Sep 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>NICURN05
<Content>Adorable! Hotel was quaint, staff friendly, complimentary breakfast delicious. I can't wait to stay here again!  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>Vermonter_7
<Content>Very Nice--BUT (!!) Quality Control and Attention to Detail Needed. The White Swan Inn is a very nice property located in a very convenient location--BUT(!!)--they need to do some self-inspection and quality control before they lose all of the stars and diamonds which, I assume, they've worked to earn over a long period of time.My wife and I stayed at the White Swan during a recent conference I was required to attend. We stayed 2 nights. The front desk staff welcomed us nicely although beware--there really are no bellmen to speak of. The only person on duty is the person sitting at the front desk and as such, you will be required to carry your luggage up the front stairs and into the lobby. Very nice guys at the front desk and they probably would have assisted with the luggage if asked...but should one have to ask at a place with a lot of diamonds and stars?Because of the good reviews on Trip Advisor and in publications that award diamonds and stars, we decided to stay in the property's only suite accomodation: The Ashleigh Suite. It was nice but, again, beware--there are certain things you should know. The living room part of the suite faces the front of the hotel, directly on Bush Street...and at ground level. It's a tad bit noisy but not too bad--if you don't mind some street noise. The hotel is not air-conditioned which would not necessarily be a bad thing given that San Francisco is usually pretty cool, temperature-wise and you can open the windows. HOWEVER--in the living room portion of the Ashleigh Suite, the windows do not open. They have been closed in with plexi-glass presumably to thwart people from breaking in. In theory, that's a great idea--but in practice, there is no way to cool down the room with outside air because the windows don't open.In the bedroom portion of the Ashleigh Suite, the windows do open but, beware--there are things one should know. The bedroom portion faces what is, in essence, a small courtyard. It's a narrow courtyard and each room (from the ground level where the Ashleigh Suite is) to the top floor faces one another. That's not really unexpected because it's a small, older building. BUT--the narrow courtyard has become a disgusting pigeon sanctuary filled with pigeon poop; fighting birds, white feathers on the window sills and constant cooing. Why can't they get someone out there once a month or so and just wash it down with a garden hose? Why can't they do something to keep the birds out of there? If you don't need to open the windows, then this is a non-issue. But if you want fresh air in the room (remember, there is no A/C), expect everything connected with pigeons. Oh--and by the way--the cooks who come in at 5:30 to get the complimentary breakfast prepared can be heard from the Ashleigh Suite...if you decide to leave the windows open. It is almost as if they were in your room. I can only guess that the kitchen must be right under the Suite. I'm sure they would have lowered their voices if we had called the front desk, but should one have to call the front desk for something like this at a place with a lot of diamonds and stars?The decor in the Ashleigh Suite is nice but beware--it's getting tired and worn and sooner, rather than later, the owners are going to perform an overhaul. Two of the lamps were broken and fell apart when turned on. The bedspread was, when it was newer, nice--but now it's getting old. The bathrooms (there are two in the Ashleigh Suite because it's basically two connecting rooms) are very clean but still, feeling their age. How about some new tile on the floors?Don't get me wrong. The place is nice. The location is outstanding. The valet parking works fine. (It costs $34 per night and you have to wait 30 minutes between calling for the car and getting it--but that's manageable).The breakfasts are plentiful with fresh fruit, pastries, quiche, sausage and toast. Pretty much the same things everyday--but still, above average...and included in the rate.The room refrigerators are stocked with complimentary waters and soft drinks. How many places do you know that do that?The afternoon wine and cheese is a very nice touch although, on one night, they served a green salad, of all things. There were other things like green olives but the salad was odd...and not very practical. Still, though, it's complimentary.There is a small patio off of the main dining area--BUT--it was locked and not very inviting.The bottom line: Good place, nice location, friendly people BUT--the owners better start thinking about quality control and attention to details. Quality control and attention to details are, after all is said and done, factors which help decide just how many diamonds and stars there will be.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>4	2	4	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>Travelermikesd
<Content>Great Inn, Great Location, Great Service... My husband and I stay here for our anniversary. We booked the Luxury King room for our anniversary. We decided on the White Swan after reading the great reviews on this site. When we arrived we were greeted warmly by a genlteman at the front desk. Check in was quick and efficient. We were presented with a list of local restaurants at check in which we found very useful as all of them were within a short walk of the hotel. The front desk was a great source of suggestions for any type of place you wanted to eat. What a nice surprise when we open our door and found a bottle of champagne, chocolates, and balloons with a note welcoming us.We really enjoyed the buffet breakfast each morning, it was such a pleasure to wake in the morning and be able to just go downstairs and have breakfast waiting for you. Not the normal continental breakfast that most B  B's have but a wonderful full breakfast with an assortment of baked goods, hot cereal and quiche, fruit salad, scrambled eggs,sausage, ect.. coffee and tea was available all time anytime.The evening wine hour was also a treat, many of the guest gathered around the fireplace and chatted about their day in the city. We met some very nice people that were visiting from all over the world.The room was clean and cozy and the fireplace was so nice to sit in front of after a long day of sightseeing. From what I understand all the room have them. The best thing about the White Swan In though is the staff, they were always willing to answer all of our questions and are so good at making us feel as if they couldn't do enough for us. We would definately stay here again.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>AllyK4
<Content>Excellent boutique hotel We stayed at the White Swan in June 2007 and thought it was a very nice boutique style hotel. We were warmly greeted and the entire staff were most accomodating. We can be quite fussy about beds, but the king bed was very comfortable with good linens and pillows . The amenities were also very good - gas fireplace, old fashioned but decent bathroom, mini fridge, and a generous breakfast served downstairs. The White Swan is convenient for seeing San Francisco and given the quality is very fairly priced.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	5	

<Author>kayokayo
<Content>It's a great place to stay My husband and I stayed at the White Swan Inn for our anniversary. I have stayed at la Petite Auberge (hotel next door owned by the same company), but it was booked up. The front desk suggested I try the White Swan and they did indeed have a room!We only stayed one night, but I do hope that we can return soon. We got into San Francisco late and got lost, but the great folks at the front desk guided us right to the hotel with no trouble. Our room was spacious and very cozy. We had bathrobes to use and a fireplace (there is one in every room I believe). We got the valet parking added to the price of the room, and I can wholeheartedly recommend this service. They took care of the car for me and as anyone knows, parking in SF is horrible! Not to have to worry about our car was great. We let them know we needed it extra early in the morning and it was waiting for us when we needed it.The breakfast was great. Homemade breads, quiche, sausage, oatmeal, cereals, fresh fruit, coffee and tea were provided (more, I'm sure, but we couldn't try it ALL).The White Swan is very close to a lot of places of interest in SF. It's a hop from Chinatown and very close to Union Square. It really is conveniently located for so many things. While I am a seasoned visitor to San Francisco, I did hear the staff giving great advice to visitors and recommending some wonderful places to visit. I asked the concierge about the history of the hotel and he was extremely knowledgeable.I would recommend the White Swan Inn to anyone. It's cozy, comfortable and we had a relaxing evening in our room.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>dianmarie514
<Content>LOVED this place! We stayed here in late July of 2007 and were most favorably impressed with our entire experience. The White Swan Inn was chosen based on other reviews posted on Trip Advisor. The gracious folks at the front desk were very helpful whenever we had a question. And our room! It was beautiful -- spacious and tastefully decorated. We loved the gas fireplace and turned it on each evening. Be advised that even in the middle of summer, San Francisco has chilly nights! The breakfast buffet was varied and we found it filling. Fresh fruit, pastries, cereals, an egg flan, bacon, sausage or ham, juice, coffee and tea were available each morning. The afternoon wine reception was another perk. On Friday evening, there was live music -- a delightful guitar and flute duo. We also like the fresh cookies and around the clock availability of coffee and tea.The location is up the hill from Union Square. We had no trouble walking to the Square, Moscone (Convention) Center or to the Curran Theatre to see Jersey Boys. The walk UP the hill was a bit challenging and I wouldn't recommend trying to negotiate it with luggage in tow. However, going DOWN the hill with luggage was no problem and we walked for several blocks on a Sunday morning to get to the Powell St. BART station for a $6.35 trip to Oakland Airport. On the way in, we took BART to Powell St. and then hopped in a taxi to the White Swan Inn. (An additional $10 that included a tip for the driver.)This hotel is part of the Joie de Vivre chain of California hotels. Before booking the White Swan Inn, I'd suggest joining the free Joie de Vivre Club, which gets you points towards free amenities as well as a choice of gifts upon arrival in any of their hotels. Just do a web search for Joie de Vivre hotels and you can quickly join the Club online. When asked for my preference, I opted for a bottle of red wine and it was waiting for us when we opened the door to our room.I'd go back to the White Swan Inn in a heartbeat!  
<Date>Aug 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Chicago5
<Content>European charm in San Francisco This is the second time we stayed at the White Swan so we knew what to expect. This time we booked a top floor king room. The room was huge by city standards, with a separate dressing area and extra sink area, large walk-in closet, and bar area with additional sink . The bed was very comfortable and the room was clean. In addition to complementary soft drinks and water, the refrig. had plenty of room to store anything else one might want to keep chilled.We found the overall service to be very good, the maids did a good job of keeping the room clean and the front desk called cabs and provided directions to where ever we were going. There was no valet to help with bags when we were there, but for us, that was not an issue.The breakfast is definitely not gourmet, but was more than adequate and plentiful. We liked the fact that there was always coffee and tea available and a nice wine hour.No, the hotel is not spanking new, but then it does not claim to be. In fact, that's part of the charm. It reminded us of a higher end, older European hotel.The bathrooms are not huge, but clean and the extra sink in the dressing area makes up for the smallish bathroom. There is no air conditioning, but then it's not really needed. The windows are easy to open and provide a nice breeze, just be sure to shut them before you go to sleep as there is a bar behind the hotel that gets noisy at closing.Overall, we had a very nice experience thanks to a good staff and pleasant, even romantic surroundings.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>GooseyB
<Content>Love the chintz! Having seen the good reviews the White Swan Inn had received on Trip Advisor we booked two nights here to start off our holiday. Once there we extended this by another night. The fire in the room was a lovely touch and it was nice to be able to light it by the flick of a switch from the bed and be able to get up in a lovely cosy room. The room was nicely decorated, clean, spacious and even had its own teddy bear sitting on the bed!There was a small kitchen space which contained a small sink, the fridge and coffee making facilities. The complimentary drinks in the fridge were a real plus.The inclusive continental breakfast was described as gourmet on the hotel details which is possibly an exaggeration. Although not extensive, there was a nice selection of sausage, egg flan, cereal, fruit, porridge, pastries, toast, juice, tea and coffee, served in a character filled setting. There was plenty for a day of siteseeing.The only thing that would have added to our stay would have been the service on the front desk. We had no problems during our stay but felt that it was slightly impersonal.The location was perfect for getting about as was one block away from the cablecar which took you up to the Wharfs, or down to Union Square.Overall, next time we visit San Francisco we would be happy to return to this hotel or recommend it to friends.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	3	-1	3	

<Author>daniellepal
<Content>Nice place with some fun extras! My husband and I stayed here for 4 nights in the beginning of May  was actually hot that weekend! He needed to be there for a conference at the Moscone convention center. He did walk there a few times but since it was hot he took 7-dollar cab rides to from the conference most days. The streets are confusing and the hill on the way back to the hotel from the main city area is super steep and did cause some thigh and calf burning!Anyways, we took a cab about $40 from the airport and we got checked in promptly. Our room was pretty big, bigger than I expected! Best part was the free mini-fridge in our room with 2 cokes, sprites, diet cokes, and bottles of water-replaced daily. The bed was a queen, the bathroom was nice, white fluffy accents and the Aveda products were a really nice touch. The hotel is decorated old English style with teddy bears everywhere. Not my style but it was fine. The free cookies were a nice touch.We went to the free wine and appetizer hour a couple of times, nice!Breakfast was good. Quiche, cereal, breads, and fruits were offered daily. Plus juice coffee and tea were offered. Better than a Holiday Inn continental breakfast, that is for sure!The hotel is like 7-8 blocks from the major shopping areas and convention center. Walking down the hill is no big deal in fact I recommend it.I went to the beach one day. I took the BART with a friend who lives there. I recommend that!The Fisherman's W. is totally touristy and new with chain and non-chain restaurants. We got crab at a cute fish market... oh and we went to Alcatraz as well. Nice tour. Buy your tickets online  in advance. When we showed up there was a sign and they were sold out for the following 3 days!Overall, good trip. Decent hotel with fun little extras at a good price. I can't remember exactly but I think we paid around $175 a night with a AAA discount.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	4	5	3	

<Author>BridgetUrsula
<Content>A Real Charmer The description of this darling hotel by the hotel is entirely accurate. It is a cozy, comfortable place to stay. Our room was generously sized but felt more like a bedroom in a home than a cookie-cutter hotel room. The bathroom was more than adequate, and the dressing room was a luxury. Breakfast was excellent. Easy location. Affordable valet parking was a great benefit. Everything that the hotel promised was truth. In this way, White Swan met all expecations. What made it exceed expectations was the caliber of the staff.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BostonBeantown
<Content>What a great find in SanFrancisco We just loved our stay at the White Swan Inn. We enjoyed our room with plenty of space and comfortable furniture--and a working fireplace. It was very homey. The bed was very comfortable.Wine and cheese hour gave us an opportunity to mingle with the other guests and was most pleaant.The breakfast each day were reallyexcellent--a hot dish, fruit, pastries, cereal and muffins. Excellent.The room was very clean. My only small complaint was the bathroom--spolessly clean, but could use a little updating. However considering that this building was quite old, they have done a wonderful rehab job.If you stay here I think you will be pleasantly surprised both by the hotel and the very friendly and helpful stafff.Barbara Fuery  
<Date>Jun 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>JanesLondon
<Content>Fantastic place to stay We had mentioned in passing to our travel agent that our trip to San Francisco was to celebrate my partner's birthday but were still surprised (and delighted) to find birthday balloons, a half bottle of sparkling wine and a rather sweet Teddy bear waiting to greet us! This is a great place to stay: very central, with helpful and friendly staff, comfortable beds and a good breakfast. The wine and cheese reception gives you the opportunity to meet other guests and we met some really nice people - but if you want to be private you can do that too as there plenty of places to sit and read quietly. If you're new to San Francisco then the restaurant recomendations are very helpful - and there are some great places within walking distance. You can't really go wrong here if you want the experience of staying in a small, welcoming and above all, affordable, Inn right in the centre of this beautiful city.  
<Date>May 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>Neftist
<Content>A hidden gem in the Bay Area We were originally booked into your typical generic high rise hotel for our stay in SF over Memorial Day when I read an aritcle about quirky boutique hotels in the Bay Area. After reading about the Joie de Vivre chain of hotels, I instantly canceled our previous reservations and booked one at the White Swan Inn after deciding it was in the neighborhood (Nob Hill) that we wanted to stay in.I'm not sure anything could have been better regarding our stay. From being contacted twice before our stay to see if we had any special requirements all the way to allowing us to store our luggage at no charge for an entire day (Check out was a noon, but we were on the Red Eye).Everything about the hotel was top notch. The room was huge with an even bigger bathroom. There was a working gas fireplace in the room (Which was needed because apparently Memorial Day falls in the middle of Winter in SF), a refrigerator stocked with soda and water at no charge as well free refills if desired.Every afternoon, there was wine and cheese provided in the downstairs lobby, and a very nice breakfast buffet was included in the rate. For an additional $5.00 per person, you could have breakfast delivered to your room.The weekend package that we purchased included the parking which, at some SF hotels can be as high as $50/day, and it allowed in and out priviledges.The service provided by the staff was better than some 5 star hotels that I've stayed in. Whether it was providing directions or calling a restaurant to let them know we'd be 10 minutes late, they were happy to do it and always with a smile on their face.I not only would stay here again, but if the service level is the same at all of the JdV properties, I would stay at any of them.  
<Date>May 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>HarryBrentwood
<Content>Very Relaxing and Accomodating-Nice Atmosphere Although we only stayed one night, it was obvious that this is a great close and convenient hide-away place for those interested in staying close to most of the major downtown S. F. sites and points of interest. Our room was clean, spacious, and very well appointed-no upsetting surprizes or disappointments. You can't beat the fireplace for unwinding. Well maintained for such an older building yet the age adds to the character of the place. Staff was very gracious and welcoming. Price was right too. Definitely hope to return someday.  
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SanJosecivilian
<Content>Another Great Review! I prefer the Boutique Hotel experience compared to namebrand, or chain hotels and The White Swan Inn is a perfect example of the reasons why. Great location in San Francisco just a few blocks from Union Square and the F line cable car. The staff were superb and attentive from the moment I arrived. I missed the complimentary social hour but upon check in a hotel employee offered me a glass of wine to have in my room, so I did by the nice fireplace.The rooms are comfortable and cozy I could have relaxed there all evening but wanted to enjoy the city's offerings. I can't say enough of the quality of the staff. Everyone there was friendly, accomodating and willing to go the extra mile kudos to the White Swan Inn your a success.  
<Date>May 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>exgrap
<Content>A little oasis A wonderful oasis in the heart of the Union Square district. Once you enter the front door you would never know that you are in a major city. Quiet and spacious rooms, friendly staff and fabulous breakfasts.  
<Date>May 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	2	4	4	

<Author>kappy9
<Content>Super Hotel Super Staff We stayed here over a weekend in May. I went out on a limb and booked a hotel out of our comfort zone (chain hotels). After reading the reviews I was confident our stay would be enjoyable. It was even better than I expected. The front desk staff did a super job recommeding restaurants to eat in. Plus the hotel has a book full of menus. The rooms were very comfortable. What we liked best was having the stocked fridge of free soft drinks and water everyday. It was great to be able take a couple of waters with us for the days adventures. The breakfast was super, it was neat to see the staff come up with a new dish everyday. What I thought was cool was that the dish was homemade and not just fom the freezer. On Cinco de Mayo we had a mexican style quiche. In the lobby they had a different cookie everyday in the cookie jar, and those could have easily just been frozen chocolate chop cookies. But each day we had a different kind of cookie (Russian tea balls, Lemon poppyseed, a shortbread of sorts, and a oatmeal chip). The location was great, except for the one hill on Powell street we had to walk up to reach the hotel from the BART. We only had one complaint, and usually we love this, but the water pressure in the shower was so strong it actually hurt. But I loved it, and would recommed this hotel to anyone who wants to enjoy a different hotel in SF.  
<Date>May 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>_________________
<Content>White Swan Inn We stayed at the White Swan for a few nights over a weekend. Our room was on the top floor and very large with a nice fireplace and 4 poster bed. The bathroom was a little small, but then this is a hotel with character rather than perfect dimensions! The room was very nice, however it felt a tiny bit grubby to me - maybe that was the nature of the old fittings and furniture.e liked the in room fridge stocked with free soft drinks, an inexpensive way to make a good impression!Breakfast and the wine reception were free to guests and in a very nice cosy area with very nice food/drink.The reason for my low score is that on one of our nights, at 4am there was a domestic dispute between our neighbours which became quite frightening. We tried calling the hotel reception but noone answered the phone. Eventually the police turned up. For at least 2 hours we could not contact the reception. I was very concerned by this as what if there were another, more serious incident in the hotel? I have complained to the hotel manager who explained that the receptionist was in the neighbouring hotel helping another guest at the time. He has said that a solution to this will be made and the receptionist will have a mobile telephone in the future. So hopefully noone else will have a night like that without assistance from the reception.All in all I'd recommend the hotel if you like somewhere with character. If you like gleaming modern rooms this is not the place for you!  
<Date>May 15, 2007
<Rating>2	3	4	4	3	1	3	-1	

<Author>KDORLANDO
<Content>Enjoyed our stay We had a wonderful stay at White Swan Inn. The location is convenient to Union Square, Chinatown and the cable cars. Our room was lovely, clean and quiet. We enjoyed the breakfast, especially the french toast we had one morning. The staff were pleasant and very helpful, though somewhat busy at times. We would definitely stay here again. There is so much more atmosphere in a small hotel like this rather than a large chain.  
<Date>May 10, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>4cees
<Content>Standard Old Botique Hotel I think all the positives, and negatives, described here are true. It is a quaint, maybe quirky old hotel in a decent location. Nicely decorated and excellent personal service. The breakfast was good, although the hot items were lukewarm. The bed was comfortable. Yes, the fixtures are old, wood/tile floors are old, there's some rust in the bathroom. If this bugs you, don't book here. My biggest complaint was the street noise in the second floor room. About every hour, we awoke to a new sound: car horn, loud talking on the street, arguing, garbage truck, tires skidding, etc. I wrote the hotel and recommended that they get dual paned windows. The hotel replied that I should have asked for a higher floor. So, if this is the kind of place for you, either wear excellent earplugs at night or get as high of a floor as possible.  
<Date>May 2, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	2	2	4	5	-1	

<Author>hola_y_saludos
<Content>Wonderful romantic inn This is a friendly, romantic little getaway inn, and convenient to Union Square. We found the accommodations charming and comfortable, with a nice fireplace, and lovely breakfast.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	5	5	3	

<Author>texascrowe
<Content>Wonderful people, great accomodations Hotel is right in the heart of Nob Hill. Warm and inviting. Most of the people I met at breakfast and the afternoon Wine and Cheese Hour were returning guests. The staff was very helpful. It was so muich more pleasant than staying in an impersonal chain hotel. I felt saferknowing someone knew when I left and when I expected to return. Theymade my trip to San Francisco for a friends wedding seem very special.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jnichols
<Content>Home Away From Home This is the second time we have stayed here! We immediately felt as if we were coming home! There was a warm jar of fresh baked cookies in the entry way. We were given a hearty welcome, checked into our room 5 hours early, and enjoyed a wonderful breakfast downstairs in the charming entertainment area, warmed by the glow of fires in several fireplaces. Our room was sparkling clean and quite comfortable. We stayed 3 nights and could have stayed a month. The staff is terrific and cannot be more accomodating! What is not to love!  
<Date>Mar 3, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gmhx
<Content>Pleasant What a nice little place. Large, comfortable room, pleasant common areas. Fireplaces galore. An actual reading room (books, fireplace - you get the picture). Could stand some updating but not to the point where it's an issue. Not for those seeking modern chic or luxury, but if you want a pleasant retreat in the city at a reasonable price (for San Francisco) you should consider it.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tragiclaura
<Content>Great Overall I did a lot of research to decide where to stay in San Francisco, and I was happy with our choice of the White Swan Inn. It was small, quiet, romantic, beautifully decorated, and the breakfasts were great. The staff was helpful, and the location was ideally situated between Nob Hill and Union Square.The negatives: it was very cold, and there was no heat in the room. We had to get a space heater from the front desk. The bathroom door wouldn't close (the usual quirks of an old building). My biggest gripe was how cold the room was and how it had no central air or heat. I would stay here again. There were no screaming kids like you get at the hotels near Fisherman's Wharf, and the noise was not bad being several blocks from Union Square. Definitely romantic for couples for a decent price.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	4	4	3	

<Author>c1wino
<Content>Friendly Staff My husband and I stayed here for two nights while I had a conference at the St. Francis. The hotel does have a quaintness about it and the area for breakfast and wine and cheese hour was cute. The elevators did not always work. Our room was a good size but the bathroom did have mold around the tile in the tub. There was a good sized dressing room however. The fireplace was great and the room had a nice romantic feel. Mattress was a little too firm and my husband noted a faint mothball smell (I did not). Short walk to Union Sqare although a steep one. A nice touch was complimentay soft drinks, water, and a split of champagne in our room. I thought it was a good value but we will stay somewhere else next time.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>shlepp86
<Content>Great location Great place to stay, the staff has a great knowledge of the area.Rooms are wonderful and cozy. The breakfeast and afternoon wine and appitizers are very good. Very close to cable car stop. I highley recommend staying here.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Neil-OWEN
<Content>A superb stay we started a 3 week tour of USA with a six night stay at theWhite Swan. Everything from the breakfast through to the evening nibbles and wine was superb.The concierge,Brendan, was very helpful,and the rooms very clean.I have no hesitation in recommending this hotel to anybody.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>winnerm
<Content>traveler beware Cute place - convenient location. We were really looking forward to some quite time. This hope was quickly eliminated in the very early hours of our first morning at the White Swan. We awoke to what we thought was construction going on in the room above us. We asked at the desk and they told us that there was a family with two children staying there. We told them of the noise and they said they would take care of it. The children and the noise continued throughout our stay. I have nothing against kids - have a few of my own. But when they start jumping around at 6am it is somewhat bothersom....especially when we're paying top $$ for the pleasure and our complaints were totally ignored by the front desk.Next time we'll stay somewhere else. M Winner - Honolulu, HI  
<Date>Sep 23, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	3	3	3	2	1	

<Author>ilikesocks
<Content>The White Swan was great! After seeing the generally positive reviews on this site, my wife and I decided to stay here for a part of our honeymoon and we were very pleased. We wanted to stay in a cute, unique boutique kind of hotel and not a big hotel chain and that is exactly what we got. I'll try to break down this review to make it helpful.1. Room  Decor: We stayed in a Luxury King Room on the top floor after finding a great deal on it. If you like that old world, european kind of charm then these rooms are definitely for you. We liked the antique style furniture, wood floors by the entry, the little nook with the fridge, the separate vanity area and walk-in closet, fireplace, down comforter, soft linens, etc. It was plenty big. Like I mentioned, the decor is for those that like that old european feel, not for those looking to stay in a room from a hotel chain; it's not like a hilton, marriott, etc. It's definitely not modern.--Being a smaller boutique hotel, it does not tower over it's neighboring buildings; therefore, it does not offer much of a view. On the top floor we were able to see the tops of several tall buldings but that is it.2. Cleanliness: We were generally pleased with this. Yes, it is an older place so the bathrooms are not sparkling new; it has an older tub, toilet, etc. Even the carpets and such are older but they were vaccumed regularly. But it was definitely clean and hygenic. My wife and I didn't mind this at all because we were expecting it to be older, but we never had any problems with the cleanliness of it. I didn't give the place a white glove test but nothing stood out in our time there.3. Service: We had great service our entire trip. Turn down service was offered every night, linens and towels were changed promptly when requested, etc. Even when we refused turn-down service they still offered us chocolates.--On our first night the bellboy (I think that's what he was) noticed we did not have a VCR in the room and immediately went and got one.--The front desk probably got tired of all the questions about restaurants and directions that we asked but they were very polite and answered each one. We were given some great suggestions on places to eat (Cafe Claude, Mama's, Kate's Kitchen, etc.) and contrary to some other experiences on here, they called a cab for us right away when we needed it on our last day. I guess it depends on who is there.--When I booked the room I asked the front desk if they do anything for honeymooners and was told they would try and do something. I wasn't expecting anything but they were so gracious and had champagne, chocolates, and a teddy bear waiting there. 4. No A/C: When booking the hotel room I called a bunch of boutique and non-boutique hotels and asked a few questions. I was surprised to find out that most of the boutique styled hotels don't have A/C. I was a bit nervous about this but it was not a problem at all (we were there at the beginning of July). With the windows open we were actually cold at night. Maybe it was because we were on the top floor but the breeze was nice and steady and at times, actually too cold. I googled the climate in SF and I found that Aug and Sept are hotter than Jun/Jul, so I guess we went at a good time, especially with the heat wave that just passed through.5. Location: Up towards nob hill, it is about a 10 min walk to Union Square (shopping, public transportation to almost anywhere in SF), a 5 min walk to Powell St (to catch the cable car, if you'll be taking this or other public transport a lot I suggest getting a pass, otherwise it's like $5 a ride, it was totally worth it for us), 10 min to China town. Since it is up nob hill, walking anywhere means going up/down hills. We didn't mind it but if you hate walking up/down hills this might not be for you.--Being away from union square I never had a problem with beggars or people I thought might mug me. We saw a few crazier looking people every now and then, but they never bothered us and from everything I've heard, the trouble is more down in tenderloin and some other districts on the other side of Union square. I actually saw quite a few college aged kids walking around the area. 6. Breakfast: We really enjoyed the breakfast here, although I have had better breakfasts at other hotels. They offered a variety of sliced fruits (melons, etc.) and some standard fruits (apples, bananas, etc.). They always had hot oatmeal. They also had quiche. I had it hot and recently brought out all but one time, so I guess I had good timing. I can see why some people would have complained about the cold quiche. I at the last slice once and I think it had been sitting there for a while. It wasn't the best but it still tasted all right. They also offer a variety of cold cereal, orange juice, coffee, etc. They usually have some sort of breakfast meat as well, usually sausage or sausage patty. Once again, these items were great when hot, but sometimes they were sitting out for a while.7. The Cookie Jar: When you first come in and go up the small flight of stairs to the front desk, there is a cookie jar on an armoir at the top of the stairs. They usually stock that with great cookies/other baked goods and everynight when we came back there was some sort of dessert sitting by that jar, like bundt cake, lemon bars, etc. Needless to say we loved getting that little treat each time we came back.8. The elevator: Yes, this elevator is an old elevator; one of those where you have to close an outer sliding door and inner gate in order for it to work. This goes back to the old world, european thing. We loved it and thought it was the cutest thing (it is decorated well and we never had a problem with it not working; just remember to close both doors after you exit). However, if you're looking for something more modern this might not be the place for you.Ok that was the longest review of all time. Overall we had a great experience there; we liked our room, had great service, and would definitely go back, especially if I got such a great deal again. But like I've said, it's for those who want that old, antique kind of experience. For those that want more modern, there are some other great hotels in SF that I'm sure you'll love.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>luvmyyellowlab
<Content>great inn within walking distance to everything Stayed at the White swan Inn 2 nights the first week of August. The Inn is very cozy. The parking is right out front for valet and we got the parking package so it was at a discounted rate. They do ask for a 30 minute window to bring the car around. So no problems just plan ahead. The inn could use a bell hop but we only had one bag so its wasn't a huge deal to us. We had a 5th floor room. No view but still a great room. The decor was very floral and there is no AC but it really isn't needed. A ceiling fan would be a nice touch. The room even came complete with its own teddy bear available for purchase as a momento. The mornign breakfast was very good-usually a quice as well as cereal and toast. The evening wine reception is a nice touch complete with cheese and crackers. The study area where breakfast and the wine reception are is very dark but it is very quiet and has nice decor. I would recommend this inn to all.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great for Honeymoon This was our first stop on our honeymoon and a great place to stay. Centrally located in Union Sq we were able to see all of San Francisco from here. We walked to Chinatown, Northbeach and the Waterfront/ The service from housekeeping and the bell boy were awesome but the front desk was a bit pissy (wouldn't call us a cab!!!) but we had fabulous service otherwise.The breakfast was always yummy and the spread of fresh fruit for those of us watching out weight was appreciated. I would stay here agian.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Dutchydog
<Content>A great deal in San Francisco This is a great little hotel in every respect:1. Location: in the heart of town between Union Square, Chinatown and Nob Hill;2. Facilities: great little hotel with stunning rooms;3. Service: very friendly people and full breakfast and cocktail hour included in the room charge4: Price: hard to beat $169 per night for all of this. We had a wonderful time. I will certainly stay here again.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>uncsig
<Content>Not our cup of tea Maybe we should have known this, maybe not. But this property has no air conditioning. Which is probably not a problem on about 300 days of the year. But when the City has a warm spell as it did on our visit, the lack of A/C renders the guest rooms and public rooms uncomfortably warm.The staff seemed stretched thin on our visit. At the afternoon reception, the cheese wasn't put out till halfway through. The white wine was no match for the warmth in the common area. At breakfast the next morning, the quiches were not even remotely warm, much less hot. And since one was not replaced when empty, there was barely enough in the second one for the four of us to get more than a couple of bites anyway.We had long been intrigued by this property. Maybe we just hit it on a bad day.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>1st time in San Francisco We spent 6 days 5 nights at the White Swan Inn. I chose it because it was a BB and also because it had a fireplace in the room. Didn't have much of a view but that was alright with us. Room was a decent size. Bed was very comfortable. Had no problems sleeping. My only complaint would be the tub. Let's just say it wasn't SQUEAKY clean. Size of bathroom was fine though. The breakfast every morning was very good and convenient, especially the day we rented a car and drove to Muir woods and Napa Valley. We were able to have breakfast as early as 7am and then walk a block to pick up our rental car. Also liked the evening wine service. Was able to meet other hotel guests and talk about where to go and what to see.Really liked the location of the hotel. Easy walking distance to China Town, car rental, cable car and Niketown/shopping. Had no problems with the lift. Hotel staff was nice and friendly and very helpful suggesting restaurants and sightseeing locales.All in all, a nice place to stay.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jawms
<Content>okay, but not top choice We have stayed at both White Swan and Petite Auberge, a sister property, in the past, but not for several years. We were quite disappointed in our recent stay, especially compared to our last stay, when it was still a 4 Sisters Inn.The staff varied from indifferent to excellent. Our room was attractive but very dusty and our bathroom was especially so (corners, towel bars, etc.). We only had turndown service one of our 3 nights there. It was very noisy and our bed sagged in the middle.The morning breakfast was good, but not like it used to be. Next time we'll stay somewhere else.  
<Date>May 22, 2006
<Rating>2	3	4	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>ricew0
<Content>Excellent place to stay! We loved this place. I was in town for a convention and it is an easy walk to Moscone. It is also convenient to buses and the cable cars. The breakfast was awesome every day we were there: fresh fruit, oatmeal, banana bread or muffins from scratch, and an egg dish. And we loved the happy hour in the PM with wine and snacks. Would definitely stay here the next time in SF.  
<Date>May 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>barivickers
<Content>VERY romantic!! My husband and I went back to San Francisco for our 28th wedding anniversary, and stayed at The White Swan Inn. I found it online and did some research on it before I booked the room. We were not disappointed! This little gem is perfect for those who want intimacy and romance. Very centrally located, and within walking distace to many sites. Our room had a beautiful working gas fireplace, and shelves lined with wonderful old books to browse and read. Along with an adorable teddy bear propped on the pillows of the bed. The room also had a nice separate area with a small refrigerator, sink and coffemaker.The wine social in the afternoons were delightful, and all the guests seemed to very much enjoy chatting, sipping the wines, tasting the hor douvresand getting to know each other.The only thing that would make this small hotel better would be a bellman ready to help you at any time to call a cab, with your luggage or anything else you may require. A Concierge would be a very nice plus too. We've stayed in other boutique hotels in San Francisco that had a Concierge, and it's extremely helpful.We very highly recommend this charming amd romantic boutique hotel for anyone who does not want the hustle and bustle of a large chain hotel.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>choosyhampshire
<Content>Enjoyable, quirky but definately not English! We chose the White Swan because we wanted to avoid just another bland american hotel, and we certainly got something different!The room was large and comfortable, although the bathroom was small with dated fittings.The corridors and reception were decorated in a style that charactured Olde England, and not ..a tribute to the luxury hotels of England. More like a provincial hotel in France.The lounge and salon areas were comfortable and a great place to meet other guests especially over the wine and cheese at 5pm, and at the sumptuous breakfast. This enabled us to get some good recommendations.The staff were most helpful.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>aetChicago_IL
<Content>Excellent Service!!! My boyfriend and I were just recently on our first vacation together in N. California. While we were in San Francisco we stayed at the White Swan. I really wish our other hotels on the trip could have matched the service and quality of the White Swan. Our Bell Boy (Andy?) was excellent and was very enthusiastic about giving us recommendations. It is also in a great location; the hotel was very close to the cable car and union square. We would definitely recommend this place to our friends and family.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A very wonderful time We have been patronizing the White Swan Inn for a couple of years and all of our stays at the Inn have been pleasant. In time, however, certain features will need to be updated; in particular, the bathrooms. We were fortunate to have the extra dressing area which helped tremendously. We do enjoy the quaintness of the Inn. I like the convenience of the shopping areas to be within walking distance. The complimentary breakfast and wine/cheese amenities are a wonderful feature--THANK YOU! We look forward to another pleasant stay in the future.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Only way to know San Fran My wife and I visited the White Swan Inn in San Francisco on our 2 anniversary. We loved the City, but most of all we loved exploring with our guide, Rick Evans, who was provided by the Inn. It was such a treat. We were so lucky to have had the opportunity to be introduced to San Francisco by such a caring and enthusistic person. We hope that when we return we will have the chance to meet with Rick again. GilDallas, Tx  
<Date>Mar 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just Fabulous The hotel has so much to offer, the location (2 blocks from the cable car), the room was so romantic with the fireplace and poster bed, the staff always there to help, the breakfast was incredible and nothing like I've ever had, and the afternoon wine reception, a total package. Then the best is yet to come, the tour with Rick from the Golden Gate Greeter program. 3 incridible hours with someone who loves the city showing us places that I am sure no one ever sees on a tour. In my travels all over the US, Mexico, Europe and Israel I have never had an experience where I learned so much and couldn't wait to get back for part 2.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Mme_X
<Content>Wonderful B  We stayed in Room 56, on the fifth (top) floor, which looks out on the back of buildings. I'm not complaining about this -- it made for a very quiet room, and the ambiance was reasonably sunny, not like a mine shaft. The spacious room is decorated with English flower prints and plaid; the gas-fired fireplace was easy to use; housekeeping spotless; coffee-maker and fridge make for easy do-it-yourself snacking; Aveda toiletries. The antique elevator seems sound. Short walk to Union Square, and the neighborhood is decently safe (it is a city!.) The staff were very helpful with directions, and anything we requested.The complimentary breakfast is excellent with a minor flaw (which I hope they will fix, at my suggestion.) The cooks are very good, with a assortment of nice baked goods, fruits, breads and cereals. The hot dishes would have been excellent if the serving pieces kept them hot. Again, the cooks know what they are doing with the baked eggs dishes, meat, and potatoes that were served avery morning, but the hotel needs to invest in better electric or chafing serving pieces to do them justice. Nice complimentary wine and hors d'ouevres at cocktail time.The lounge areas are very comfortable, nicely decorated, and people can spread out. In nicer weather, a few tables are in a walled-garden area that would be pleasant.While I have stayed in San Francisco many times before, and have enjoyed other properties, I'd easily stay here again, depending on my locational needs and plans.A small sunlit room has a treadmill, recombinant bike, and a TV, if walking around isn't enough.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>LouisvilleFriends
<Content>Great Stay at White Swan Inn My wife and I stayed at the White Swan Inn for one week of vacation and sightseeing. We enjoyed our stay thoroughly. The staff was exceptionally courteous and helpful. The room (a deluxe king) was roomy and comfortable with a charming and romantic fireplace with gas logs. Breakfasts were plentiful with hot and cold dishes. These morning treats were substantial enough to last a good part of the day. The evening wine and cheese presentations were delightful, as were our conversations with the other guests. The quirky cage elevator was at times charming ?and at other times maddening when a guest forgot to close the gate-like door, thus making the elevator inoperable. We would recommend this hotel without any hesitation. It is situated perfectly for Union Square, Chinatown, and public transportation. If you are unfamiliar with San Francisco, be sure to ask the front desk for the hotel list of 20 uide Sheets.?These are quite helpful in getting oriented to the area.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NMTaosena
<Content>WONDERFUL BOUTIQUE HOTEL My sister and I just returned from a three-night stay at the White Swan Inn, and we both just loved it! The rooms were spacious, and the fireplace in the room was such a lovely extra. The breakfast buffet was delicious, and I thoroughly enjoyed the afternoon wine hour. If you're a walker, there couldn't be a better location. It's half-way between Nob Hill and Union Square, with China Town an easy walk, and public transportation close by. The sink in my bathroom had just a very little counter space - I could barely fit my toiletries, and if there had been a second person he or she would have been in big trouble. But my sister's room, right next door, had a lot more counter space, so the bathrooms are not all the same. I will definitely stay there again, and would recommend it to friends. The decor is definitely Victorian - think a lot of wallpaper with floral/stripe/etc. prints, so if you're looking for a soothing zen room, this isn't for you. But my sister and I sure did like it!  
<Date>Jan 21, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved White Swan We enjoyed wonderful hospitality in thischarming BB in downtown San Francisco.Their wine and cheese reception and thefull cooked breakfast buffet topped offa most comfortable night's stay in our queensuite with fireplace.We would highly recommend this BB for itsoverall quality, ease of transit, walking distance to shopping and restaurants plus affordability.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>fcfrag
<Content>A few things to keep in mind... I liked the White Swan, I'll stay there again. I found all the features cited by others very nice, e.g., breakfast, happy-hour, etc.But in spite of all the glowing reports here, there are a few things to remember. First, the White Swan is a boutique hotel; it is not a 4 star hotel (in fact, they call themselves a 3 star). Accordingly, the decor is not of a particularly high standard, e.g., the beds are not of the quality one would find in a Hyatt or even a Marriott.I stayed in Room 41 on the front, friends stayed in Room 55 towards the back. My room was larger, but the bathroom was tiny. I mean tiny; the sink area was so small that I could not get my shoulders square in front of the sink. The bathtub was also narrower than the standard US tub meaning I had to shower standing a bit sideways. The bathroom also could have used a thorough cleaning (there was hair on the wall behind the door and a bit of black mold growing on the tile in the tub surround). That said, I don't spend a great deal of time in the bathroom.Our room had a few minor problems. One of the lamps was missing the bulb, the fireplace kept going on and off, and the toilet did not function properly. On reporting to the front desk, the bulb was replaced but the other problems were not addressed during our 3 day stay. On the morning of our departure the toilet gave up for good - oh, the poor room cleaner!My major problem was the noise, not the basic traffic, but the garbage trucks early in the mornings. Soundproof windows do not cost that much and I do not understand why more hotels do not invest in them for at least the windows at the front. Reports from the guests at the back were that noise was not so much a problem there.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a find! A wonderful place with great service and a pleasing, homey feel. The fireplace was romantic, the room huge and the bathrooms the cleanest we've ever seen. People went out of their way to do things for us. Free cookies, free pop, free breakfast and a free wine and cheese reception. The chocolates on the pillows just added to the charm. We've stayed at the Pan Pacific and the Palace in SF and the White Swan beats them hands down for atmosphere and service. Dave and Helen will be back!  
<Date>Nov 15, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice place - poor service Good location, nice rooms and an excellent breakfast. Small bathrooms. If you know your way around SF, it not a bad place to stay. If youe looking for assistance and service from the front desk, stay somewhere else. I did not get the friendly helpful service you normally get at a BB. Maybe they were having a bad week, but I found Nevin to be very arrogant and extremely rude. The day shift wasn much help either.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2005
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful B My friend and I just got back from San Francisco and we stayed @ the White Swan Inn from Monday through Friday. We had a wonderful stay. The Inn was very homey and comfortable. Nevin (works at the front desk in the evening) was fantastic as was the whole staff. The breakfast each morning was excellent and the wine  cheese hour in the evening was very nice. It gave us a chance to meet other guests and mingle. The rooms were very clean and comfortable. Enjoyed the complimentary bottle of champagne and box of chocolates that were provided in the evening. Would definitely stay again and encourage other to do the same. Thank's to all at the Inn who helped make our vacation very enjoyable.Jill  Joy from Tampa Florida  
<Date>Sep 18, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Home away from home My husband and I booked a long weekend in San Francisco and after searching the internet for city hotels, we chose the White Swan because of its location and the amenities noted in the advertisements. In Fact we stayed two additional days. We were not disappointed. A little gem of a place in the heart of the city. Great location, quiet neighborhood street, safe. Wonderfully attentive staff , friendly and yet professional. Took care of all requests and even provided a surprise birthday gift of wine delivered to our room (with chocolates and balloons). Our room was sunny, nicely sized, with very comfortable furnishings, arm chairs by the fireplace and a loveseat by the windows. The bed and linens super comfy. Lovely gas fireplace . Tucked away in a little alcove was a coffee, refrig. stocked with complimentary drinks. and a wet bar. The bath was clean and well sized with a nice marble vanity.  Charming lobby (with a jar of freshly baked homemade cookies everyday). An excellent breakfast every morning, in the main salon downstairs. This area is spacious cozy, set up like several drawing rooms in a country manor. There were also two outside gardens areas which were lovely, hard to believe you were in the city when sitting out there. The evening wine and cheese social is very nice, allows you to meet some of the other guests, and compare outings and find out about points of interest. Highly recommend this charming establishment. Our future trips to San Francisco will always include a stay at The White Swan.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Staff makes all the difference! We have just return from our stay at the White Swan Inn, San Francisco.The rooms are warm and inviting, but most of all, we found the staff to be extremely friendly, courtious and helpful. Not only did they answer any and all of our questions, but went above and beyond!Just as a side note, the amenities were excellent.We look forward to returning to the White Swan Inn!  
<Date>Jul 21, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Cratefirs
<Content>European Feel Just returned from 2 nights at this lovely hotel. It was like staying in a small hotel in Europe. We enjoyed everything at this location. The breakfasts were fun and the accomodations in our fourth floor room were very nice. The location is quiet, but close to shopping and the cable cars.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fabulous White Swan Inn Wonderfull Inn, awsome decorating, large room and the best breakfast (included in your rate) you could ask for. The downstairs living rooms were spacious and well appointed, free sodas, water, wine and cheese daily. Couldn't ask for a nicer hotel or staff. Close to everything in San Francisco and reasonable rates. This is a must go to Inn and my wife and I will be returning. Couldn't have asked for better.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>BrooklineTraveler3
<Content>A wonderful Bed  Our family recently stayed at the White Swan for five nights. We had a deluxe king and a deluxe twin room. Both rooms were spacious, nicely decorated, and very pleasant to come back to at the end of the day. The hotel is not a new building but has every comfort we wanted. The breakfast was terrific. The front desk gave us a list of recommended restaurants at check in, and offered to help with reservations. The hotel is very convenient for touring the city, and we really enjoyed it.In you are looking for a small hotel with a great location, and lots of character, I would recommend the White Swan. My one caution is that it might not be a good place for an elderly person. The elevator is small and you sometimes have to wait a while. We used the stairs most of the time, which was fine for us.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A great option to the conference hotels I recently attended a large conference at the Moscone Center in San Francisco. Rather than stay at a conference related hotel my wife and I opted for the White Swan Inn. We were impressed by the cosy atmosphere of the inn, its close proximity to points of interest and transportation, and particularly by the fact that once inside the front door we felt distant from a city as large as San Francisco. We found our room quite spacious, the decor well appointed, and both noted how comfortable the bed was. During the evening social get together in the downstairs parlor we had the opportunity to meet and talk to folks from other parts of the country and share our thoughts and experiences on places to visit and see, something that is difficult if not impossible to do at a large hotel. I felt as though we were literally at a home away from home. Given the chance to return to San Francisco I will return to the White Swan Inn.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>dianaharp
<Content>Cosy hotel We stayed in the White Swan just after Christmas, and had a great time. It was pouring rain in SF, but because the room had a fireplace, was big and had nice sitting chairs, it all felt very cosy. Great big bathroom with a deep tub (I brought my drain cover so it was SUPER deep.) Microwave and free drinks in room. The staff had good restaurant recommendations. Breakfast was excellent, and the wine hour was nice except the quality of the wine was strictly average (which management said they were looking to work on.) Fairly pricey, but worth it. I would also check out their sister hotel next door, Petite Auberge.  
<Date>May 7, 2005
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beware of the bathtub!!!! I gave this hotel a 2 star rating because it is not a Hotel... it's a large Bed  Breakfast with a few distinct problems. #1 The bathtubs are an absolute nightmare! Think YUK and you'll get a mental picture. They are so old that they're rusty and corroded around the drains. The hotel is supposedly redoing them next week, but what good did that do me? I got robbed out of my daily hot bath  wore flip flops in the shower so my feet didn't have to touch the black stuff. I asked to switch rooms, but the only one available with a refinished bathtub had a BROKEN FIREPLACE!!! Real classy.#2 If you have eyesight problems, don't try to watch TV. It's a million miles away from the bed.#3 The bed is REALLY comfy, but the rest of the room needs help.#4 Old, old, old elevator.#5 OK, ok... So it's within walking distance of Union Square  Chinatown. However, all the hotels along Powell Street (Westin St. Francis, Chancellor, etc.) are MUCH more convenient!!! If you want to stay off Powell, choose The Orchard.The saving grace of this BB is the yummy breakfast buffet, the SUPERIOR wine/ fruit  cheese sampling at 5:00pm, and the adorable bellman, Louis. The only way that I would ever stay at this BB again is if they sent me a voucher for a free night's stay AFTER they refinished the ALL bathtubs  fixed ALL the fireplaces. Otherwise, for the hefty $200 price tag, I'm at the Westin St. Francis.Hope my reveiw helps!  
<Date>May 6, 2005
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Rosecrystal54
<Content>Wonderful Nostalgia We just stayed 3 nights at the White Swann Inn and can thoroughly recommend it, the room was beautiful and very comfortable and the staff extremely friendly. It is perfectly positioned for touring the city as just one block to the cable cars for Fisherman's Wharf, Union Square and China Town. The complimentary breakfast was very good too!  
<Date>May 4, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The White Swan is lovely! My friend and I have just returned to England after the most wonderful two weeks touring California with my son. Our last two nights were spent at the White Swan Inn in San Francisco and we weren't disappointed. The first impression we had was of the friendliness of the reception staff. They were very helpful and gave us so much information and advice regarding restaurants, bars etc. We were very impressed with our room...lovely furnishings and lots of space which we don't seem to get in English hotels! Within minutes we had a knock on the door to enquire if we had everything we required...a very nice touch. The hotel has lots of character and we were very pleasantly surprised to find we could meet up with fellow guests late afternoons for a buffet and wine etc in the lounge...just what the doctor ordered after a hard day's sight seeing. The White Swan's location is very central and only a few minutes walk down hill to Union Square and China Town....we took the cable car back which dropped us off close to the hotel. All in all, a great end to a brilliant holiday and I would certainly recommend the White Swan to anyone wanting a central hotel with great value for money.  
<Date>May 3, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>overrated this is an okay hotel, but a bit overrated on tripadvisor. * the room was okay, but the fireplace was not working, and even though we asked them to fix it, it never got fixed during our stay. there is no bath tub, just a shower.* the breakfast is alright, better than the breakfast at a holiday inn, but not as good as a bed  breakfast. * the elevator was terrible; it was old, and if someone forgot to close the door (it didn't shut automatically), nobody could use the elevator. several times, we had to use the stairs to get to our room on the top floor.we switched to a different hotel (commodore) after two days.  
<Date>May 2, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Completed our second stay at the White Swan We enjoyed the good access to Union Square and lots of good restaurants which the staff is good at advising. The rooms are old English style and the fireplace switch is by the bed. The breakfast is especially delicious and we enjoyed meeting other guests at the wine and cheese buffet in late afternoon. The room refrigerators are stocked with soft drinks and water without charge which doesn't happen in the big chains. Bath toiletries were especially nice this time. I think the price is very reasonable considering the nice breakfast and glass of wine in the evening.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>flifish
<Content>the good and the bad.. still my favorite I feel with all the gleaming reviews I must try to give a clear picture of this Inn. While this is not a luxurious Inn it has what many places are missing, and is my favorite SF hotel. A personality, wonderful customer service, clean nice sized rooms with fireplaces, a good breakfast with fresh fruit, eggs, and more, and an afternoon wine reception where you can visit with other guests.This Inn is not perfect but the staff is clearly trained very well to be friendly and helpful with suggestions for restaurants, sites, and shopping. The property is not a swank, modern, marble headstone for the new age. No credit card like key for the doors, you buzz to enter this hotel then given your own house keys. It reminds you of what the name implies, a country Inn, which reminiscent of staying at Aunt Mary's house, only much better. The hallway to the rooms are a little dark and may give you the idea that you choose the wrong hotel. However, when you open the door to your room you will know you are home. The fireplace rooms are large for a city hotel with books on the shelves, homey wallpaper, and windows that open. The ample sized bathroom, while not new, has tub with shower curtains, hair dryer, quality shampoos and lotions, is clean and comfortable, as with most hotels this one could use some more shelf space in the bathroom. their web site lists various amenities.The location is about 3 blocks from union square proper. Within site of the hotel are some small neighborhood grocery type stores where you can restock on forgotten items and restaurants nearby.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Incredibly romantic I called the White Swan Inn to check out staying there for what could be the most romantic weekend of my life with a man I've been in love with for 32 years but never with as a couple. Right away they asked me about my expectations for my stay in SF. I told them the above statement and they sprung into action. A few days later, I received a call from Nevin with ideas on how together we could make this a stay right out of the movies. I have never experienced that level of service or enthusiasm that they showed for a potential guest. They were good to their word and made our stay something right out of the most romantic movie ever. They offered such personal and world class service without being invasive. We were bowled over by their thoughfulness. The rooms look like they belong in a Jane Austen novel with every thoughtful detail attended to. Throughout the stay everyone at the hotel was so gracious. Even as we checked out the bellboy brought bottles of water to our car for the ride. It was such a great feeling to have the staff go beyond your expectations at every turn. I would highly recommend this hotel for location, for the quaint charm and for the first rate service. The price was very reasonable for what you received. Even as we enjoyed sherry in the late afternoon, we were greeted by the manager of the hotel. It was truly lovely and ranks at the top of my list ( and I have stayed at such notable hotels as The Penisula in Hong Kong.) Try this hotel, you won't be disappointed.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Highly recommended We stayed at the White Swan Inn for 4 nights in February 2005. We were very satisfied with our stay. We were very comfortable and enjoyed the many extras - turndown service, chocolates, roses in the room, Aveda bath products, quality breakfast, fireplace. We were not able to attend the afternoon wine service because we were out and about the city in the afternoon. The location was covenient - close to transportation and restaurants. It's a charming Inn with wonderful service at a great value. We would stay there again if in SF on a future visit.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Ok - But not what we expected from the reviews We stayed one night for a belated birthday and were a little dissappointed. The room was nice but used. There were some trash on the floor under the bed, the two nightstands were broken and it didn't seem quaint but more like old. The fireplace was nice but the bathrooms are very small. The couch in the room sunk to the ground when you sat on it. The wine and cheese was ok. (We are from Napa so we are a little spoiled regarding wine.) The breakfast was very nice. All in all, it was ok but we would not stay there again.  
<Date>Feb 2, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very nice, and the kids loved it too! I stayed here one night with my two children (ages 3 and 6). The staff was very helpful and did all they could to make the kids happy. We walked to dinner at Lori's Diner on Sutter and Powell (very kid-friendly) and had a comfortable night snuggled up by the fireplace. The king room was large and very quiet (with no street noise and little sound from other guests). We had breakfast brought to our room AND went downstairs to the dining room for more. We left with a bag of warm chocolate chip cookies and two big balloons for the kids. I've stayed in many S.F. boutique hotels and this is by far the best all-around I've experienced.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Brilliant place! We have stayed in SF a number of times and each time at different hotels ( Holiday Inn, Hyatt Regency and others) so this year in Sept '04 picked the White Swan following reviews in Tripadvisor. It totally lived up to our expectations: very friendly and helpful staff, lovely public areas with very interesting and at times very amusing pieces of art (pottery, pictures, ornaments etc) and terrific bedrooms: very large, very well furnished, gas fire, personal library, fridge/mini kitchen area.Good breakfast and nice touch with the cheese and wine at tea-time.Great place!Terry - Coventry, England  
<Date>Jan 16, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place to stay if you are alone in SF! So cozy and comfortable, it was a real delight to stay at White Swan Inn. I was unable to get a room for a business trip at the larger hotels and happy to read all about White Swan in Trip Advisor. This lovely Inn was everything reviewers claimed! My business friends did stay at the Hotel Monaco and their room was pricey, smaller, cold, too bold stripes and patterns for me! I was on a hectic schedule and quite delighted to be surrounded by such comfort and cozziness in my (very large) room. San Francisco boasts many hotels with a big price that I wondered how White Swan had so many amenities at a fair price (great location, wonderful full breakfast, courteous attention, clean cozy, comfortable bed and linens). Thank you, White Swan, I enjoyed my 2 nights and plan to return. It reminded me of a quaint Euro hotel with all the comfortable trimmings.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Birthday to remember It was my mother's 60th and she had always wanted to see the Golden Gate Bridge...... The White Swan Inn pampered us! From the wonderful breakfast in the morning (have the quiche) to the hot tea and wine in the afternoon, we were thrilled. They had balloons, chocolates and champagne waiting. Our room was cozy. The whole Inn was quaint and charming. It had a warmth to it that extended thoughout. Andy, Nevin and Nadia were extremely helpful with directions and reservations. It was a fabulous time and many fond memories. We will go back!  
<Date>Jan 8, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>baseballgirl
<Content>Loved the White Swan My fianc and I stayed here a few days before Christmas and had a wonderful stay. We loved the fireplace in our room. We chose to have our breakfast brought to us in bed for an additional $5 and it was decadent! Good location between Union Square and Nob Hill. We will definitely return.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>littleseahorse
<Content>Good Spot We stayed here on the last 2 nights of our honeymoon in Dec. We found the staff helpful and the rooms good-sized. No complaints on our 3rd floor room facing away from the street. Books in the room were neat--we liked the fireplace, too. Our favorite spot was in the sitting area downstairs where the breakfast and wine/cheese was served. We sat down there for at least an hour each evening relaxing in front of the fire. You can get to Fisherman's Wharf or Chinatown for $10 via taxi and to the airport for $35 via taxi (or $15 pp for shuttle). It's about 10 blocks to get to anything touristy. We had no complaints about the room but were a bit surprised by the bathroom. I'm not sure if most hotels in SF are like this, but the bathroom was SMALL with only a shower (it seemed the shower was maybe as old as the hotel). I'd recommend this hotel with the above considerations, though I think we'll stay near Fisherman's Wharf if we return.  
<Date>Dec 15, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>landylady
<Content>Great experience We only had one night in our fabulous find but enjoyed it none the less. We arrived too late to partake in the evening wine/cheese but enjoyed our breakfast. The cozy comfort of the ground floor will definitely require a return trip! We did not want to leave! Dinner recommendation at L'Ottavo was excellent (close walking distance.) Only negative is the $30/day valet parking fee (provided by an offsite service) but it is understandable since the neighborhood is not geared toward parking for private vehicles. Room was very comfortable although bathroom was quite narrow. Elevator takes patience but stairs are easily traversed so no problem there. Street noise was no problem at this time of year but could be during summer months when windows are open. Overall, it was a great experience and we will definitely return.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>conlangirl
<Content>What a Lovely Surprise We recently stayed at the White Swan Inn at the start of a two week vacation for two nights. We loved it! What a great start to our vacation. The room, the staff, the breakfast and all of the hospitality was first rate. If San Francisco didn't have so many sights to lure you out of your room, we would never have left it. When we come back to San Francisco, the White Swan Inn will be first on our list.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pleasant Stay We recently spent a couple nights at the White Swan Inn and could not be more happy with our choice. The rooms were spacious, unique and quaint, with all the needs covered. The morning breakfast was fabulous - we'd come back for the breakfast alone! The wine and cheese spread could use a little upscaling - the wine was lacking given our proximity to the Napa and Sonoma Valleys and more time and thought could have been spent on the food. We loved that it felt more like a bed and breakfast than a typical hotel. All in all this hotel will not disappoint!  
<Date>Oct 4, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great little inn Had a great 2 night stay at White Swan Inn. Staff are excellent, room is spacious, and the decor throughout is very well done. Feels like a small hotel in London. Breakfast was well done, and lots of little touches that make for a great stay. Only complaint was we faced Bush Street, and with no air condtioning, had to leave windows open. Lots of noise especially at 5:00 when the garbage trucks arrive. Make sure you get one of the rooms at the back.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>second visit to the "swan" we found the white swan last year and stayed 4 nites and were so impressed that when we returned to san francisco this year, there was no question as to where we would stay. Lara,Kim,Andy and the great folks are too kind for words...wonderful rooms,fireplace, tremendous breakfast, afternoon socials and tips on where to eat...close to cable car,chinatown....i've been all over europe,canada and the u.s. and never have i found a hotel for the vlaue and comfort.i rate it 5 stars....  
<Date>Aug 26, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful, quaint, and friendly On our first trip to the west coast, my husband and I stayed at the White Swan Inn from August 11 to the 13th. A friend recommended the inn from several I had selected and said that she was certain I would just love it - she was absolutely correct! The White Swan Inn certainly lived up to its reputation. It was beautifully and tastefully decorated and very clean and comfortable. In addition to having a very generously sized room on the fifth floor with fabulous breezes, the room was very relaxing and quaint and kept us from missing home. It was very quiet and peaceful, despite being only two blocks from the Cable Car route and a few blocks from Union Square. We will definately come back to the White Swan Inn when we return to SanFrancisco to enjoy the ameneties as well as the delicous breakfasts and evening cookies!  
<Date>Aug 25, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Sarnows
<Content>Very nice but.... Base on all the positive reviews written, we decided to stay at the White Swan Inn during our recent stay in San Francisco for 6 nights. The Inn has a lot of charm, and the rooms are very roomy, clean  the beds are comfortable. The hotel is in a good location for walking to Union Square, Chinatown, etc., and you get to chat with the other quest during breakfast  the early evening wine/cheese social hour.Now for the but ..., the rooms have no air conditioning (had to sleep with windows open and several times awoken due to city noises), the television was very small  had no movie stations (couldn't sleep one night and would have watch a movie if it was available), the bathroom was very small, you have to pay to use their computer/Internet service in the meeting room, the breakfast was average and the same every morning, and the staff was not very helpful in tourist type stuff. These things may seem minor, but with the excellent reviews given by pass visitors, I just expected more.The next time visiting San Francisco, wel probably stay at The Orchard Hotel that is even closer to the trolley and the popular places in SF.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2004
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>TimeshareQUEEN049
<Content>loved staying at white swan inn My family stayed at White Swan Inn in July. We had a great time. The staff was very helpful, our room was clean and nice. The breakfast every morning was excellent.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>escaleraway
<Content>Pleasant Stay Here! Good: Staff very friendly  helpful!Nice evening reception, nice breakfast, clean rooms, if you like shabby chic, stay here! Location was great, we walked or took cable cars as powell street is just a couple blocks away! Small just 20 rooms. Louis is great! OK: This hotel is in an old building, the elevator is a little cranky and creaky, but not a problem walking up  down the stairs. You will hear creaks and people walking up  down the stairs; remember old building. You will get a room key.Bad: My windows didn't lock in my room, but I didn't complain or asked them to be fixed; so my fault!Overall: I went with my 7 yr old  we had a great time!  
<Date>Jul 28, 2004
<Rating>4	2	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>EXCELLENT in every way Our first trip to San Francisco couldn't have been better. Everything about the hotel was just as described and even better...the room-WITH FIREPLACE, the breakfast, the easy walk to two of the finest reataurants in the city, and the knowledgable staff.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Third visit and third teddy bear! We stayed here June 11-13 2004 while attending a friends wedding. It was our third visit. We love the ambience, the large rooms and the fireplace on a switch. Also love the teddy bears. Can't leave without one. The breakfast is excellent but difficult to enjoy on a low carb diet as most of it is breads and cereals. We will stay again when we are next in SF.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Highly recommended! My wife and I stayed at the White Swan Inn July 7 through 9, 2004. After extensive research on-line, I selected the White Swan for our stay in SF. My initial impression was that the staff was very friendly, but the place was very small. A bellman helped us with a luggage (loaded on to cart) and wheeled it to our room - just a few feet from the lobby! Also, hallway was very narrow and crowded with cleaning crew carts, etc. Room itself was ok. Bellman showed us how to work the fireplace, although not really needed since it was quite warm. Note that I never could get it to work consistantly afterward, not a major issue however. Also, room could use a fan as it was rather hot in daytime. We opened the windows but had pidgeons threatening to come in since no screens - that could have been interesting! Nice touches include turn-down service with chocolates and complimentary soft drinks and water. Complimentary breakfast was above average with an excellent hot egg dish each day plus the usual bagels, toast, juice, etc.. We managed to catch the wine and cheese tasting one afternoon - it was nice. We paid $179 per night plus parking plus taxes. This seemed to be reasonable for downtown SF. One minor annoyance is that the valet service took a long time - I never did find out exactly where my car went! Note that I only used my car a couple of times since the driving is somewhat stressful and finding a parking spot much more so (this includes restaurant valets who will leave your car in the middle of an alley while they park locals in their BMWs and Mercedes and appently don't really care! Otherwise, most locals are very nice/helpful however.) - next time we are going to fly/take taxis/mass transit. Allow at least 15 to 30 minutes after you request your car. Also, no high speed internet access. Summary: very highly recommended, reasonable rates for SF, nice BB atmosphere, a bit of calmness in the busteling downtown SF environment.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great swan inn i recently stayed at the white swan and the experience was amazing. the service was great, the breakfast in bed was not amazing, but it was fine. white robes, aveda products, old english decor and big rooms with fireplaces. great hotel  
<Date>Jul 11, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>SanFranciscoBlue
<Content>Home away from Home in San Francisco   showReview(2213409, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 21, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Reserve Early!!!!!!!!!   showReview(2191723, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 15, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mrzmequon
<Content>total agreement with all reviews   showReview(2113937, 'full');   
<Date>May 24, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A little bit of Paradise in San Francisco!   showReview(2112426, 'full');   
<Date>May 24, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Home away from home   showReview(1885746, 'full');   
<Date>May 8, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>00jec
<Content>A charming hotel!   showReview(1790849, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 18, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Always comfortable at the White Swan Inn   showReview(1672936, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 27, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Warm and inviting-Top Drawer!   showReview(1658564, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 17, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Love, love, love The White Swan Inn   showReview(1648867, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 13, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>English Country Comfort - right in Union Square!   showReview(1647119, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 12, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>maxBielefeld
<Content>klein und fein       5 oclock Raum  
<Date>Nov 11, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Bine_und_Kay
<Content>EIne Oase der Ruhe inmitten der Grostadt!   showReview(21458927, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 1, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>UN GIOIELLO   showReview(20555297, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

