<Author>tokay96
<Content>Won't Go Back For 2nd Time We spent 2 nights @ standard room. The first impression is awesome as the lobby was spacious  luxury. Inside, the room is very standard with worn-out building and equipment and the pool water was very dirty. The staffs were not friendly. We were very disappointed by the treatment from the lady-waiter on the breakfast lounge. At the morning I arrived with 2 children to have breakfast, she would charge me for additional person. I argued her and said that one child is charged half of an adult, so my 2 children are equal to 1 adult. She said 'OK. but how about their father? I said, my husband would not have breakfast @ the lounge. Arrogantly she said loudly ' then, I will make a notice, in case he came later and has breakfast here'. To me it's OK whatever note she would like to make but etchically it was a humilliation for a hotel guest. We've stayed in many hotels all around the world before and we never took an advantage for free breakfast by tip-toeing into the breakfast lounge while the staffs neglected to watch. The kids club condition was dirty although the garden was beautifully maintained. With such condition inside, we think it's overpriced and overconfident, and we'll not stay there for the second time !!  
<Date>Dec 30, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>Taklehtido
<Content>Thumbs up       entrance  
<Date>Dec 24, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Rochelle72
<Content>Dynasty is Fab for Families So glad we listened to friends and travel agents advise on this one! There was mixed reviews on trip advisor but having had a few friends stay at the Dynasty thought it should be ok. First time to Bali..probably the last as well but that was nothing to do with the Dynasty. The staff are totally fantastic. If you needed something they got it for you so quick. I am so glad we didn't go for anything cheaper as I know I would have been terribly unhappy. The pools were great. Kids (11 and 13) had a great time with the slide etc. The room...lovely. We were in a renovated family suite with a king size bed......tho my hubby always manages to have his feet on my side no matter how big the bed is!!!.....and there was a bunk bed with a roll out....we didn't use that.......for the kids. Also had a sliding full height door between the bunks and the king bed. 2 flat screen tvs, mini bar, safe, great aircon, double sinks in the bathroom. You could choose if you wanted to get your sheets and towels changed each day. To save the environment we went with just once in the middle of our stay. We only stayed 5 nights but for Bali that was plenty for us. We had breakfast included in the room price and that was great. Tho we found we had to wait for a table on the last couple of mornings so would suggest you either go before 8am or leave it til nearly 9.30am. The choices were superb. Don't forget to have an omlette! We ate dinner each night in the hotel at the tropical cafe as they have theme nights, each night being a different one. We were given cards when we checked in that if we ate 3 nights the 4th one was free. Our daughter was free each night as she is only 11. So on the final night dinner was the cost of the drinks only!!! Great choice again for the buffet. We ate and drank for 4 nights and had room service and mini bar water and tim tams, and our daughter had her hair braided and nails done and it was only AU$400. I was really impressed with that as we did drink a reasonable amount of alcohol. Happy hour is from 5 - 6 and drinks are half price in the swim-up bar and the sunset bar. Get a bucket of cocktail........excellent value!!! About $8 and you get about 5 drinks out of a bucket! The mini bar water was expensive. They were charging 17000 idr (about AU$2.40)for a 1.5L and when we went to Carrefour (like a big w/kmart mixed with a woolies!!!) the water was 2500idr(AU.35cents).So we stocked up and only ended up using 3 bottles for the hotel. They provide water for brushing your teeth free of charge. I spose you could drink that if you wanted to but we only used it for our teeth each day. It cost us 30000idr (AU$4.50) to get a taxi to that shopping centre......we were told to go there for water etc as it was cheap! Plus we bought some Bintang about half the price of the hotel and a few other snacks and floating rings for the kids to slide down the water slide on (they thought it was a bit slow on their bums!). Be aware that your mini bar will be full with the hotel stuff. I just moved stuff around and took the water out to fit the other stuff in. We spent AU$25 there and had heaps of stuff!!! We went to look at the beach on the first morning and were bombarded with the hawkers. Scared our daughter and she didnt want to walk anywhere again! The beach wasn't really that fantastic anyway. So we didnt go back down there again. So just be aware that you will be harrassed whenever you leave the hotel grounds on foot but I just kept shaking my head when asked if I wanted a taxi or to buy something.  
<Date>Dec 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>dilbee5
<Content>Great Vibe       Superior room BathRoom  
<Date>Dec 6, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>WorldSquirrel
<Content>Good for families The Bali Dynasty is a large, clean, well serviced hotel that is really targeted at families. There seemed to be a large number of Aussie families at the hotel. If being surrounded by kids playing in the pool next to you and diving in and making noise then this isn't the place to go. I stayed here twice during my holiday and each time the vibe was a little different. The first time it was pretty quiet and there were only a few young families around. The next time it seemed to have a little bit more of the Australian yobbo culture happening, and there were more families with older children. I guess it's just luck of the draw as to who your fellow guests are. Although one of the upsides of staying at a family hotel is that it reduces the chances of a single female being harrassed poolside. But if you want a bit more peace, I'd suggest the Santika next door. Most of the kids here seemed to be in the general pool rather than the kids pool, which was a bit disappointing. But that said, it is a lovely place, well maintained, rooms are pleasant and clean, 40 odd channels of cable available. Internet is awfully expensive though. Over all a pleasant stay and would be a great place to holiday with children.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>roseypacific
<Content>Wonderful Dynasty       Hotel garden and pool  
<Date>Nov 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>SMILEYMelbourne
<Content>OK - just We arrived late Saturday night and found out that the family studio rooms we had booked we unavailable and we were offered a free upgrade to the kids suite rooms. These were OK - just. Quite comfortable but very run down and the bath tub had a crack that leaked everytime you had a shower. The staff  restaurants were great. Could not fault them, but the resort is over run with Aussies (and children). The type that just hang about in the pool, drink beer, smoke and wait for the happy hour to begin with a shout of delight. If this is what you like, stay here, you will fit right in, but if you want to stay somewhere with more international visitors and not so boganville stay next door at the Santika.Our kids were 6 and 9 and did not want to use the kids club. it seemed quite well organised but the water slide was quite run down. My 9 year old got a rash from the chlorine in the pool. Basically if you want a swimming pool were you can lounge around all day, Don't stay here. Pool was not very clean, it was over chlorinated and if you ever did go for a swim, you felt like you needed a shower straight away.We were most disappointed with the swimming pools and spent most of the time at the beach and at the Hard Rock Hotel pool, were you can pay a fee and swim all day. Would we stay here again, NO, but we did enjoy our stay. Bali was great and we did not let the negatives destroy our 10 day family holiday to Bali.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>OldishOne
<Content>Great family hotel This hotel caters very well for families, unfortunately making pool life difficult for those without children. The adults only 'pool' appears to have been created as a buffer for the more expensive beach villa's next to the pool area's, so lacked any swimming facilities and the area was mostly in shade throughout the day. However the service was good, as were the amenities, particularly the pub, that served good meals and had children free entertainment from 9. Overall we had a very enjoyable stay.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	3	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>holl79
<Content>ok my husband and i and our 7 year old stayed here for 7 nights,when we arrived we got an upgrade to kids suite which was great, although was not that happy with the quality of the room. the spa was great ,got very ill from the bbq night buffet BE CAREFUL . also ask for no ice in your drinks! apart from some minor setbacks the staff were very friendly, lots of inclusions and gracie kellys was awsome. although We would not stay there again.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	4	3	5	5	-1	

<Author>Aranmore
<Content>Loved the Dynasty Just returned from an 11 night stay at Bali Dynasty and had a fantastic time. Nothing was a bother to the friendly staff there. It might be a little dated (doing rooms up though) but it's great for kids and adults alike and is always quiet by about 10pm but you can party on at Irish bar with great band if you like.Evening buffets great value.Plenty to do around the resort just be careful of the alley leading down to the beach, nice ladies selling stuff but it can be overwhelming as they all want you to buy from them.Gorgeous ladies at beach in front of Discivery hotel, No 8 for great massage and tell Maria I said hello.Had a fantastic 3 hour indulgence spa, full massage, 1 hour facial, body exfoliation, flower bath and 1 hour of pure heaven hair creme massage at Secret Garden Spa in Legian for approx $22!!!!!.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PerthHolidaymaker
<Content>Family Hotel Bali Dynasty is a fantastic hotel if your looking for family accomodation. If your after peace and quiet then look at the ramayana or a small boutique hotel because Dynasty is always busy and very family orientated. It's a great place to meet Aussie's as we make up most the guests! The hotel is very clean and the facilities are well maintained. We took our 2 year old with us and she had an absolute ball in the kids club and on the water slide. When it comes to dining at the Dynasty I recommend the roast night by the pool on Sundays! i can honestly say it had to be the best meal i've ever had! I would definetly stay here again when going as a family!  
<Date>Sep 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	4	3	

<Author>citybails
<Content>Aussie Aussie Aussie After arranging a viewing of the Hotel whilst on business in Bali I would like to air my views on this property. The reason for my viewing was that we had arranged for a large party of friends and family to stay at the Dynasty in April 2009 for a 40th Birthday Party, over 25 people would be attending.I was shocked to find a very bland reception from the Duty Manager. Mind you that was probably due to her mood after sorting out 2 very unhappy customers one whom had not been allocated a room after arriving at the hotel 3 hours earlier. The other was a gentleman and is son complaining that there room stunk of smoke after specifically requesting a Non Smoking Room. Finally, after a 30 minute wait it was my turn to view the hotel. I was shown around by a lovelly conciege/bell boy who did not speak a word of english, so with my limited Indonesian we made a right pair, it was done to sign language. I was shown all the types of rooms and I suggest that anyone booking this hotel do their homework and request where exactly their rooms is, the new rooms overlook the front entrance and are miles from the pool. There was also a lot of building going on in the laneway entrance to the resort which makes your first impression of the hotel very oooh.The room that I was really keen to see was the Suites and again I was bitterly dissapointed, they were on the corners of the buildings and overlooking the pool (noisy). I walked in the door of the suite and was greeted by a man on a loud speaker perched on a platform right opposite my future balcony annoucing the Bombing Competition had been one by an Australian and would everyone sing the Australian Anthem. To top it off the Suite had fake timber click clack flooring, cigarette burns on furniture and floor and was going to be noisy. This hotel was overun with Aussies and kids and in need of a complete overhaul, not just Foyer and a few rooms, pool was small, kiddy club was overun with kids, the tower was in desperate need of a paint it looked like an old water tank. Overall this hotel has become to complacent that Aussies are going to stay there. But please check the prices of other hotels which are cheaper, have higher star ratings and far better facilities before your travel agent books you straight into this hotel because you have kids or come from Rockingham. Not all Aussies or Rockingham people are the same.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	-1	-1	

<Author>chefaujus
<Content>Bali Dynasty, Good for families..       Deluxe Room  
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>staceyandscottSydney
<Content>poor customer service We recently stayed at the Bali Dynasty. We were staying at the Dynasty either side of our trip to Lembongan. Upon arriving after a six hour flight with a 2 year old we were told that our accomodation was not paid for even though we had confirmation of our booking with us. We were told that they would have to take an imprint on our credit card till it got sorted out in the morning with our travel agent. What ensued could only be described as worthy of an episode on faulty towers. We were then told they had no record of our booking at all and were told we had to sort it out. They were absolutely no help at all. Eventually our travel agent sorted it out with them but then on our return stay we had to haggle with them again about the late check out time which we had also confirmed in writing. A situation that could have been handled with a mimimum of fuss and stress turned into a nightmare. I was surprised to experience such little empathy from a resort that clearly deals with young familes on a daily basis. It was not a pleasant experience. Overall the property itself was good but the experience has put me off ever staying there again.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	3	4	1	1	-1	

<Author>sunshine35Geelong
<Content>Nice resort, but old! We stayed at the bali dynasty for 14 nights in march 07, upon arrival the room we stayed in smelt and was over looking the staff accommodation which looked very average. The next morning we went and paid another Hundred and something dollars to get a better room nearer the pool area. Overall the resort was great for the kids but was looking very tired and old. THe kids loved the kids club and waterslide. The staff were excellent especially the staff around the pool area.Next time we go back to bali we will stay somewhere different though.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>ryu1974
<Content>Perfect for families I was here on business, which this hotel is probably not the best place to hold a business conference, but I was suitably impressed that I would book it for my family holidays.The hotel has an excellent layout for families. The kids have a pool area that is supervised with a life guard and the kids club is well equipped. There are areas for adults to relax while being close enough to take a peak at the kids every so often. Staff are excellent. Very friendly and great attention to detail.Its not a 5-6 star resort, the facilities may be a bit older but it is clean, safe and comfortable. The staff make the difference at this hotel. Highly recommended.  
<Date>Jun 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	5	3	

<Author>SingaporeMatchgirl
<Content>Great Kids Club  The Bali Dynasty Resort was big with very efficient and friendly staff. Check-in and check-out was a breeze. My family and I enjoyed the inter-continental breakfast which offered a wide range of food. The menu was altered slightly daily which was nice as it can be boring having the same food everyday.The spa at the resort offered reasonable rates for massage. My huband and I had traditional massage for a total of 220,000 rupiah which lasted 1 hour. It was particularly relaxing after our 9km white water rafting session. The Resort was near the Discovery Mall and Kuta Square which have got many shops offering a great variety of goods. Sogo and Centro at Discovery Mall generally offer better quality goods even though they are more pricey. We had read about the Krispy Cream Outlet at Discovery Mall and was looking forward to trying out the delicious donuts. It was therefore a great disappointment where we found that it has closed down.  The Kids Club was good. On the day we left the kids there, it was manned by 2 ladies who were very friendly. They appeared very experience in handling children. The activities for the kids were fun. My son enjoyed himself at the biggest splash contest. They also have crab catching for the kids. Very fun. Overall, the hotel is great. It offer a wide variety of programme for both adults and children. The hotel room was somewhat disappointing as it was a bit tired looking. The toilet door cannot be closed properly and the bath tub looked rather old and worn. However, these can be easily overlooked given that the resort excels in other areas. I strongly recommend it to family and couples looking for fun and great shopping experience in the Kuta area.  
<Date>May 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Surfergerl
<Content>Bali Dynasty Resort       Swimming pool  
<Date>Feb 14, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>milkshakethecow
<Content>foot massages the best There were 6 of us which we had an interconnecting room.They were numbers 831  832 which were up the end of the corridor so it was quiet with no one ever walking past our doors.Our rooms were cleaned every day perfect.Our air conditioner leaked one night so straight after we phoned they came up  fixed it with no problems as the same with our in room safe,my son changed our code then he forgot it so we had to get it opened by the manager with a security guard presant, i suppose for extra safety.The same with room service,they are straight up there very quick  your food is still hot. The staff are wonderful  very friendly.I never came across a rude or grouchy staff member. Some find it hard to understand you so you have to make it very clear to them as to what you are ordering or what you want. Repeat yourself.They are doing renovations in the foyer top level area to be finished in april which looks really nice in the photos. The building noise was fine.Not annoying.The breakfast is very nice.I had most mornings a freshly made omlette that they make in front of you with what you pick to go in it.Lunch around the pool is beautiful.You can order it from your pool lounge.The aussie burger  the dynasty club sandwhich melt in your mouth.Its not expensive at all. None of us were sick from anything we ate from the motel. Dinner was very nice as well.Food theme nights were good also.We loved the Satay night. You have to get a foot massage around the pool.They go for an hour  are worth the 90,000.The ladies don't slack of at all.There spa where you can get massages,facials,pedicures etc is really good as well.Excellent for kids as they always have activities around the pool  in the kids club.Great waterslide.They have adult activities as well. I liked the biggest bombing competition.Theres no need to pack beach towells as you can get them from the pool side.We packed our own and we didn't use them. There is a safe money changer in the kodak shop next door to the dynasty with a little bit of a better rate than the hotels.Also next door to that there is a dry cleaners for your clothes as well as the hotel can do them for you also.The hotel did them really good for us. There are mini marts everywhere if you want to get some drinks,smokes,food etc. Its about 800 metres to walk,15 mins up to Kuta square,or by taxi its 6 to 7000 rupiah which is a bargain.No more than 1 aussie dollar.The Discovery shopping mall is excellent for shopping. So big.Thats half way up to kuta square about 7 mins walk.Theres a bread talk shop  krispy cremes shop. so nice.We found the best tailor across the road from the Dynasty who were the best priced  most helpful. They will copy things exactly to what you want sewed. My sister took her favourite dress  it was perfect.Try  take your own meterial though as its cheaper because they have to buy there material by the kilo. Her dress cost 250,000 ($30 aussie)with there material but they didnt exactly have the same stretchy patterned material as hers as its delux material they call it from australia. She paid $140.00 originally for the dress.The Matarharhi department store in kuta square is good to. very big.Womens shoes galour,but you need a slim foot.I got a couple of pairs for my fatter foot though.Nice kids clothes.The kuta art markets.My god.Get ready for the balinese to annoy you to buy from there store.Very friendly though.They are just before kuta square.The DVDs stores are really good. We bought a few hundred between us all and they work perfect as well as the ps2 games.They will show you in the shops how good they work.Just ask if the really new ones that are not at the movies now or have just come to the movies if its a good copy.They will tell you if its not.We got most of them across the road from the kuta paradiso hotel.When you are in a street bargain stall don,t get mixed up with your 100,000 notes  the 10,000 notes as are they are a similar colour.I gave a 100,000 note for some shirts  when i wasnt looking he hid the note somewhere  swapped it for a 10,000 note and he accused me of giving him only that note. He wasnt gonna give up arguing with me so in the end I gave him another 100,000 note as he gave me the supposing 10,000 note i originally he said i gave him back to me. I walked out as we were of the street a fair bit up beside the waterbom park. It was a bit creepy as it was only my sister  I with alot of balinese men around laughing cause they new they ripped me of so we got out of there.They got an extra 90,000 out of me.Don,t go up the side shops beside the waterbom park.Theres plenty more everywhere else.A taxi driver who was taking us back to the hotel said he would take us to Ubud in an airconditioned van to the monkey forest (as he heard us talking about it ) the ubud markets,The price he said was very good for the 6 of us. it was 250,000 ($30 aussie)altogether.He would have taken us elephant riding or to the bird park for the same price but we didnt go.The price doesnt include admission though as it was only 15,000 to get in the monkeys anyway.On the way home though we went to the billabong factory near sanur.It was ok depending on what you want.Another price we got from a tour company to do the same thing was he said 850,000.Big difference.South kuta end is much better to stay,shop  eat than the legian end as I stayed up on jalan legian street 2 times before  I didnt find it as good up there this time.Shops are all the same up that way with no shopping centres.There is a bit of everything from kuta square down.There was a nice mexican restaurant up in poppies lane.In the Dynasty they have a few stall holder people on a Fri  Wed night from what I remember.There is a sterling silver jewellery store with so many nice things.I couldnt fault the Dynasty with anything as we all had an enjoyable stay with no problems.Excellent for families.Our 2 11 year olds never much came shopping with us as they wanted to stay there all the time.It was safe to leave them there. We are planning to go back in October 08.Staying again at the dynasty.How anyone could fault it I don't know.They must be picky or something.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Ippo-Sg
<Content>Nice hotel! Nice hotel that is walking distance to the hot actions/ activities in Kuta Beach...  
<Date>Dec 6, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>varney4
<Content>Good value - great for families Spent a great two weeks at this hotel. First time travelling with kids - 1 and 2yrs. Booked familys suit with dividing doords but up graded to family pool view room ground floor (all in one) right next to pool area. This was great but can be noisy with food trolleys at the end of dinner service if in room125/126. Not that the sleeping kids noticed. Clean and comfortable rooms. Mini bar fridge is small but there is a mini mart next door (and great money exchnage in kodak shop right next door to hotel. Cots are a bit smaller than the aussie version but good enough.Most fellow guests were freindly and fun as were the staff. Kids everywhere and everyone keeping an eye on eachothers. Meet a great crowd and used baby sitter service many times (thanks Kardi) - both night and day.Breakfast buffet was good but if you like to eat late - 9am on than the resturants are packed. Next time we will not get breaky included but eat by the pool - no crowd and kids can run around without getting into anyones way, plus there's Daddy's directly across the road (Very cheap!)Great location. Not sure what the other reviewer was on about not having access to beach?? Gate next to kids pool area with security that leads onto a path and beach is 30 meters away down suicide lane (few hard barganing stalls down here- nice ladies but extremely insistant!! hi mary, rita, helen, linda, cindy!!Across the road you have diannes shop and Jenny's. Theere is no mucking about on price here. 40,000 for mens t-shirts,35 for boardies, 20,000 for ladies tops etc. great prices and no hasselsIf you do choose this hotel please visit the golden lotus resturant - top food. Also dont go past Gracie Kelly's. Again terrific food, great band excellent staff . Overall an excellent experience. we are now in process of bookig for next sept - nov and will no doubt be back to this hotel.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>andreaPerth
<Content>Terrific family hotel We just spent two weeks at the Bali Dynasty Resort in Tuban. This is a fantastic hotel for kids, they were entertained in the kids club, had fun on the water slide and made lots of new friends.Breakfast was excellent and every morning the girls fed the fish in the pond while we finished our coffee.Gracie Kellys served great pub style food and had a welcoming friendly atmosphere for the whole family. Lunches around the pool were always nice.We stayed in an Executive Suite which was well worth the extra $. It meant we had a table to sit at to eat lunch or dinner, a great outlook over the pool area, and we could retire to our own bedroom as the girls slept comfortably on the sofa beds in the living area. The sofa beds are made up each evening at around 6pm so you have full use of the lounges during the day.The hotel has girls around the pool who will braid hair, massage feet and paint nails for a small fee.Overall this was a great hotel, getting a little rundown in some areas but still has lovely gardens and a lovely friendly feel to it.We will be back next year!  
<Date>Aug 31, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>musttravelwithkids
<Content>great family hotel We stayed at the dynasty' with 2 adults and 2 children aged 4 and 5 years. This is a great hotel for families, 'kids clubs' is good, but our 5 year old did wander out, and lickily we were at the large pool and she found us, but as you can imajine we were upset. They did come looking for her about 15mins later and were very sorry. They do have the sign in sign out system and the 2 door system, but the door locks are brocken!? The kids culb is run by Helen and she is lovely, it does need a liitle attention though, not may toys or activities to keep the children amused for long periods, i found it was great to utilise every 2 to 3 days to have 2 or 3 hrs break and for the kids to interact for this time, after that they wanted to leave, which for us worked well.The pool area is big, with enough pool lounges for all, and pools for everyone,kids pool has a great slide -big hit! there is activities in the arvo, --go the BINGO!The pool service is also good, lunches around the pool yummy, and kids enjoyed the food, but typical 'chips and nuggets' no salads or sandwiches. Irish Pub is great, and the theme' dinners in the hotel are worth it. Brekky is fantastic. Definatley think about having this include in your packaged, as there is not a lot of choice close out on the street.Security is very efficient, with checks on everyone and vehicles coming into the hotel.We stayed in the 'kids suite', this worked for us they are spacious and have an outside balcony, the kids room is good for kids space, but is small,so no play space on floor.All in all I would rate this hotel a great 3 star, if you are expecting a 4 star, then you may be dissapointed as it is getting a little tired. Position is good, a fair bit quieter than Kuta, but we have stayed in this area 3 times before and I would rather stay in the Legian area, alot more small eateries and the beaches are great with the local feel,if you are looking for a family (very) friendly hotel that you can almost cocoon in, than this is well worth a look.A mention to a few reviews prior about the sometimes roudyness and the pool bar.There is a pool bar, so that will always tell me that people will be sitting there and mabey have one too may hol'cheer!. Therefore this pool bar is like every other one I have seen. Yes people are drinking at it.The whole time I was there it did not get to roudy, if anything a little bit a light entertainment. At happy hour the music might get a bit loud if you are closer but just move. And yes alot of Aussies, but it is a family hotel. We never heard other children or adults through our room and around the pool was the same.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	3	4	5	4	3	

<Author>nilufersyed
<Content>Great if u hav ur noisy bunch with u       view of my room - bali dynasty  
<Date>Jul 29, 2007
<Rating>3	2	3	4	3	4	4	3	

<Author>stevedeb44
<Content>Bali Dynasty not 4/5 star Stayed at the Dynasty for 2 weeks in June. We all found this resort to be over rated. The only 4/5 star thing about this resort is the price and the breakfast. We found the resort only spends money on therevenue side of the resort, the bars and eating areas, I must say thegardeners do do a fantastic job of the grounds the exterior of the resort is impressive. Our rooms were very dated, walls scuffed and dirty, water damage ceilings. We occupied 3 rooms at the resort and all of us had trouble with the in room safes, 1 room the safe would not open at all, the 2nd and 3rd safes would open and then not lock.One of the rooms outside balcony door would not lock unless you slammed it so hard you made the place shake. The general maintenance of the resort is a big disappointment. We have stayed in 3 star accommodation before which is the same standard and a lot cheaper. Weall love Bali and will continue to go there, but no back to Dynasty.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>allynz
<Content>Good Choice My fiance and I just returned from 5 lovely days at the Bali Dynasty. We booked lastminute and were very pleased with our hotel especially as it was the cheapest option we had and we didn't do any research into it. If we went again we would probably upgrade to a room with a view of the pool as my only complaint would be that it was a bit noisy at night where we were and there was no outlook but the room was still nice. Lots of famililes and very much geared to Australians (like the rest of Bali) the Dynasty did a good job of offering space for adults only and heaps of entertainment for the kids including a great waterslide and a dedicated kids pool in addition to the nice big pool. The hotel has 4 restaurants including a great Irish Pub so we didn't eat out in the evenings at all but the location is good - just a few minutes walk from the restaurants of Kuta yet far enough away not to be overwhelming plus really close to the Discovery Mall and the Waterbom Park. Also it is not on the beach - I thought this would be a big negative but actually the beach wasn't one you would want to sit on and the water wasn't that inviting plus on the beach you are immediately approached by hawkers. However it really is just a few steps from the beach - much closer than it looked on the map so you can step out an watch the sunset or enjoy the bar of the Hotel Santika next door which is right on the edge of the beach. I would recommend the Bali Dynasty if asked but it probably isn't a place I would rave about voluntarily - no reason in particular - it was good and I think good value for money but not outstanding enough for me to rave.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>iluvbali
<Content>loved this hotel Just spent 7 nights at the Bali Dynasty with 1 child (17) When we got there we updated from a superior room to a room at the pool this was an excellent choice. As others have stated the breakfast is fantastic with something for everyone. Having a child with me I found the guest activities that take place everyday a great way for her and me to meet others. The activities change every day with the one stable being the water volley ball......great fun. The staff are all very friendly and nothing is too much trouble. Overall a great place to stay if you are travelling alone or with children.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	5	-1	

<Author>wify
<Content>loved it, was our wedding aniversary we stayed here in june 2006 for 3 weeks. We were made most welcome by all staff, and visitors. Found the hotel amenities to be of a high standard and enjoyable entertainment by the animation team. Food inside  outside was of a good standard. Going for our silver aniversary this year.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>2006Aussie
<Content>Great Resort for Families After extensive research into properties in Bali suitable for families we decided on the Bali Dynasty Resort. It was the right decision as the property was fantastic, very well maintained and the staff were very friendly and helpful at every encounter.The rooms were very clean, reasonably big, comfortable and had everything we needed. The deluxe rooms are great as they are on the ground floor overlooking the garden which is very nice. I inspected the suites and they were very nice if you are considering them.All the hotel eating facilities were very good and reasonably priced. The buffet breakfast had everything you could possibily want and more.The kids club facilities were great and the kids were well supervised. I investigated whilst in Bali other resorts kids clubs (Discovery Kartika Plaza  Kuta Paradiso) and they were not as big and didn't seem to have the options that Dynasty offered.The pools were a good size and well maintained, they also offer a kids pool which is great as it has a shade cover protecting the little ones from the sun.The resort is not on the beach and you have to walk a short way down a path to the beach and it is not the prettiest part of Kuta beach. If you want to eat outside the resort there is not many restuarants in close proximity. The Green Garden restuarant is close and good for families.Overall it is a good property for family holidays and it is well maintained.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Rjoc
<Content>Could be great. I spent a week at the Bali Dynasty Resort with my wife and daughter at the beginning of July. It is ideally located to explore Kuta and close to the airport.We had reserved a family garden view room and when we arrived we found the room had a stale, musty smell and the 'garden view' as it was described was somewhat exagerated. More of a wall view. After complaining to reception I found out that there were no family rooms that were non smoking but we were accomodated in premium room without any fuss. The family room to be fair was a decent size with plenty of bedding but the premium room was very spacious and could be divided into two seperate rooms via a sliding door allowing my daughter to enjoy her own tv as the room had two of them. It also had air conditioning, safe, hair dryer and a handy mosquito plug in.I was dissapointed with the bathrooms in both accomodations. While the rooms were cleaned daily it was clear that the taps and bath tubs had been neglected. The shower heads and hoses also leaked.The breakfast was excellent. Every taste was catered for and I would advise that you try to have breakfast included when making your reservastion. The hotel offer discounted breakfast coupons, ie 10 for the price of 7.The pool area was very clean with plenty of sunbeds and a free towel service which was a nice surprise. You can also bring the towels with you on day trips. The main pool had a swim up bar, a smaller pool off it and a kiddies pool. The was also a larger seperate kids pool with a great waterslide and was covered to protect the kids from the sun. The Lazy pool (where kids are not allowed) had beds slightly sunken in water and were very relaxing. However, the ladies offering foot massages, etc can become tiresome. Also, the exit to the beach is not as bad as other posters had said. Just be prepared to offered everything from massages to Rolexs.The Gracie Kellys Irish bar is a good place to have a drink and has regular entertainment in the evenings. The food is also quite nice. Having said that, in general, it is a lot cheaper to eat and drink outside the hotel.Overall, I enjoyed my stay at the Bali Dynasty. Despite a dodgy start, I found the staff to be always friendly and curteous and the facilities more than made up for the incident with the room. If this hotel paid more attention to the finer details it would be absolutely perfect. Would I return? If I got a deal at the right price I would but with such a large selection of hotels to choose from, I would probably try somewhere else if I return to Bali.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very average No sign of refurbishment in our family room (garden view). Nice size for 2A 2C but rather rundown - furniture had faded, wooden floor was chipped. The outdoor jacuzzi was a nice surprise although we did not get to use it (too cold even in June!). Kids were OK with the kids club although they did not want to stay more than one hour. Local food was OK but the Western meals were quite poor. Walk out the beach gate for cheaper massages, but if you do not want to haggle, the hotel spa is quite pleasant. Staff were very friendly.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>LindaLav
<Content>Great Resort this was our 3rd visit to the dynasty, only this time we had another 2 families with us, who now agree with us that we would not stay anywhere else in bali. as we are airline staff we have stayed at many hotels and this is definetly the best we have stayed in great for the kids, great pool bar, great staff. Only reccommend that you book rooms around the pool as this is where the action is.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not worth the money We just got back from our 15th trip to Bali in a 20 year time frame. This was our first time to stay at this hotel. It was absolutly not worth the money. We paid $119 US for the family room. I was expecting 4 star quality, and was surpised at how dingy, and musty the room was. The decor was very old. (and not in a nice way) The bathroom tile was a mess, and the tub was rusty. The sheets had stains on them. It was the first hotel I have stayed in, in Bali which didn't have a balcony, not even an opening window, to air it out. I would in the future go back to other hotels we have stayed at and get 2 much nicer rooms for $50 each (which have all included breakfast) Also there is NO ocean view from anywhere, and only a path to get to the beach. However the Irish Bar/reasturant was very nice. If you are traveling with small children, it might be worth having a not very nice room in exchange for the kids club. I also didn't see in side the smaller rooms and it is possible that they are nicer. The departure lounge was very helpful for a late night flight. They have lockers and showers.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>dynasty resort royalty we have just returned home from 14 days of fun at the bali dynasty hotel in tuban.the staff are so caring and out to give you a wonderful stay.the resturants and pub were great,rooms great weather fantastic,shoping fun ,our 2 children loved the pool and waterslide and the pool competitions hubby even got into the pool games.yes bali dynasty is more than we imaganied we will be back in 2 years or sooner.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>raoulette
<Content>LOVED IT!! Amazing experience! My first (and definately not my last) time to Bali. I will not mess with perfection and will stay here again. My husband and I stayed in a Kids' Suite and we loved it. Kind of small but perfect for a place to clean up and sleep between activities. People were very friendly and very helpful. Tons for the kids (and grown ups) to do right there at the hotel, we didn't even have to leave. Massages, hairbraiding, kids club and kids pool with waterslide, market, beautician, bars, restaraunts, etc...just bill it to the room. These people have thought of EVERYTHING to make our vacation very simple and enjoyable. If you've never been to Bali before, prepare for the high humidity. Pack accordingly to living in the water (whether it be at the beach right outside the hotel, one of the pools, or one of the many water related trips you can take ((arranged right at the hotel at a great price))-). Bring your flipflops, bathing suits and a sarong. You can buy everything else very inexpensively close by (ie: surf shorts or sarongs). 3X a week the hotel even brings in local vendors to the lobby who sell all kinds of carvings, clothing, etc. Word of advice, buy an extra suitcase while you're there. A serious paradise experience and VERY kid friendly. Just don't buy anything for the first couple of days until you learn prices, exchange rates and how to haggle. The local vendors are very aggressive to prepare yourself.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>barrattt
<Content>Very Happy My wife and I took our 3 year old daughter to Bali for the first time and decided to stay at this kid friendly resort. Although we didnt really use things such as the kids club as it's really for older children (4 onwards) we all had a ball with their facilities. Great pools, small water slide (the big 50m waterslide is now finished - can't wait to try it!), restarants, good room service, centrally located near shops, restaurants and Waterbom park. Only 5 mins in a taxi to Kuta (depending on traffic). Also close to the beach via a walkway with a little market. We stayed in a standard room with an extra bed for our daughter and that was fine for us. Plenty of room ..... with a balcony. They were finishing some renovations when we stayed there which did not impact on our stay at all - but I hear the renovations they have made have been good. I am currently organising another trip to Bali in December and am hoping to stay here again. We have been to Bali 4 times and also stayed at Jayakarta, Barong and Sahid Raya. Dynstasy is the best so far!  
<Date>Jun 30, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>AnnaH21
<Content>Dynasty delight I have lived in Singapore  the Philippines, so I am familiar with Asia. The Dynasty is a great hotel as it is close to the shops, near the beach and has affordable, tasty food. I was there with my girlfriend (without the kids and husband) and we had a delightful time. The staff are very helpful and friendly and the laundry at the front of the hotel was most convenient for drop-offs. The breakfast buffet was fantastic (especially the omlettes). A clean, friendly hotel - great for groups or families.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>caz_wa
<Content>Not very impressed My husband and 2 children stayed at the Dynasty in a room they called a children's suite.I was horrified to find this room so small,that the clidren had to sleep with my husband and me for the whole week we were they.The hotel was great,and the facilities were great too,but we felt that we should have been directed to a bigger room from our travel agent.Don't think we will be staying there again,we are taking our 5 children some-where else. Caroline Watson  
<Date>Apr 26, 2005
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lovebali
<Content>dynasty downslope Just back from Bali Dynasty March 2005, this was our 5th visit to this hotel. Sadly the service of this hotel has downgraded, has now changed management and really obvious to the return guests. Prices have gone up and service down, not quite what you expect from Bali. Next year we will try Bintang or the Santika.I suggest you do also.West Australia  
<Date>Apr 20, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Hotel This is probably my favourite hotel that I have ever stayed in, it is beautiful.The rooms (and bathrooms) are very clean, comfortable,generous sizes, either overlooking the swimming pool, or overlooking the fabulous gardens. The staff are very friendly and helpful and the whole hotel was beautifully maintained(I last stayed there in Oct 1999).There is a private beach at the back of the hotel, a large swimming pool and various other facilities.I can't wait to go back to this hotel. You can get some great deals if you shop around and it is worth every penny. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>銇俱倱銇°們銈?> 銇俱倱銇°們銈?</a> </div>
<Content>鏈濋銇屻亞銇俱亜   showReview(19451759, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈炽偣銉堛儜銉曘偐銉笺優銉炽偣銇岃壇銇勩儧銉嗐儷銇с仚銆?#x201d;   showReview(19171836, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 14, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>瀹舵棌閫ｃ倢銇伅Goo锝?#x201d;   showReview(19164737, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 28, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>瀛愰€ｃ倢鏃呰銇亰銇欍仚銈?#x201d;   showReview(19155666, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 23, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉愩儶婊炲湪鏈€绲傛棩銇紤娉?..   showReview(19925111, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 13, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>绌烘腐銇嬨倝銇繎銇勩€?銈?..   showReview(19922580, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 31, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>澶│銇ㄥ瓙渚?浜猴紙10...   showReview(19921319, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 15, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈偪銇伅銇氥倢銆佺┖娓伀...   showReview(19919789, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 21, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

