<Author>1hotam
<Content>Dorm Room Style at College Inn       Outside the College Inn  
<Date>Sep 11, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	3	3	5	3	4	

<Author>creason
<Content>Good, but not great While I think it was a great option for the price, I wouldn't rave like the other travelers have. I do have some complaints. We had a 2-bed room that unfortunately sits right above the pub - noisy if the windows are open at night. It seems to be a popular place and we didn't have the option to relocate in the inn.The hallway carpeting was gross - replace it! It had bad stains and sometimes smelled.There was enough dust in the room (baseboards, head board of bed, shelves) that I only left a small tip for housekeeping. Also, we found communication to be lacking. We tried for 3 days to contact them about our late arrival. Luckily we got hold of them en route to our plane, but criminy - call us back! And not to offend but the Asian guy at check-in (I'm also Asian) was really not helpful at all, didn't seem familiar with the area.However, on the up side, location was central (although I wouldn't be walking around alone after 11), breakfast  internet were free and you couldn't really hear noise from the other tenants. For the price, we were happy overall. I would probably stay there again if I wanted to save money.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	4	2	5	2	3	

<Author>chickadee40040
<Content>Good accommodations for small budget I thought this hotel was charming. Customer service was great. I had never ridden a bus before, much less in a big city. The manager and owner helped figure out which lines to go on, and what to expect. I was nervous but they made me feel comfortable. Going to this hotel and Seattle, WA was my first trip alone (I'm 19) and so this hotel greeted my kindly. All the guests were very friendly, and the breakfast was quite delicious. The rooms were clean, as well as the bathrooms (yes they are shared, though I had no problem to it. Especially since it says on their site and in their hotel description on Expedia). There were lots of places to eat around the hotel. There was also a nice park with hiking trails... About a 20-30 min. walk. It was very nice and relaxing. My bed was also extremely comfortable. In reference to other reviews:RE: Shared BathroomsIt says this on their siteRE: Have to ring bell to get in every-time and wait for someone to open for you.Not true. The manager of the hotel gives you a key, and you open the door yourself. You only have to ring once when you first go into the hotel, or if you loose your key. It's there for safety reasons . RE: Noise, couldn't sleepI slept fine. Mind you I was on the 3rd floor, but still. There was even construction going on right behind the hotel at the time, and I still slept fine. RE: small mirrors, no clean towels to conserve on waterThe mirror to me was perfectly fine, no need for a 10ft mirror or anything. They DO clean your towels everyday if you wish for them to. They have a note saying something along the lines of,To be eco-friendly and to conserve on water, we encourage our guests to reuse their towels. This conserves on energy and water.. It actually makes a big difference when guests do that. Not just for the hotel but for the environment. Even hotel 8's and hotel 6's have those up now. As well as Travelodge, and others.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>stephency
<Content>Terrible Communication and Customer Service The customer service at this hotel is terrible. I reserved, in January for a May trip. I noticed they billed me in April. I called to ask what was up and they never returned the call. I emailed three times and no response. I canceled my reservation and contested my bill with my credit card company. I am amazed by their lack of professionalism. I am still working with my credit card company to get my money back. Stay away from this hotel they are unprofessional. I have noticed the College Inn and on my many visits to Seattle I wanted to try it because of the excellent location.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2008
<Rating>1	1	-1	-1	-1	1	1	-1	

<Author>Genovapernoi
<Content>I really wanted to like it I love to stay in small-scale, modest inns and consider myself to be tolerant of a bit of grottiness, minimal service, noise, etc.... Being a Seattle native and UW alum, I've wanted to try the College Inn for years. I was thus so very inclined to like this place -- but came away with a combination of anger, disappointment, and the decision not to return. Here's why:--This place is not clean where it matters. The blanket on my bed STANK of some other person's perfume or deoderant -- very distinctive, not an aftersmell of detergent. If they wash the blankets at all, they don't do a very good job. --The shower drain was badly plugged up, so that within a few seconds I was standing in my own wastewater, which, of course, then sloshes together with the remains of other people's showers -- ugh, I don't want to go on thinking about that....--I was promised a double room and received a twin room (two twin beds). This was after having booked well ahead of time and getting both a phone and email confirmation of this. They were completely full and since we were staying for only one night, I have a strong suspicion that we were given whatever was left over. I also know that they had switched rooms on us at some late point b/c I had received a call from Chris, the manager, giving me the room number and telling me that since we were arriving late in the p.m. to get buzzed up and just go straight to that room which would be unlocked. On arrival I found that the door was locked (I probably disturbed whoever was there by trying the knob), and I had to buzz the staff who live upstairs to let me into the room that they had set aside for me -- a different one from what I was originally promised.--The next morning, when I mentioned the room switch, the manager did not at all appear surprised or concerned. He said that it should not have happened but his statement that it shouldn't happen again was not at all convincing.--Website is dishonest: under Parking it says, Saturday and Sunday free parking one-half block away on a space-available basis. When I called to get directions to this free parking area I was told that it is between 42nd and 43rd on Brooklyn -- which is more like 5 blocks away from the inn. We're walkers, so NBD, but this seems to me to be indicative of a tendency to paint a rosier picture than what actually exists.--Having had a difficult day of travel and getting only 5 hours of sleep, the next morning I made the error of leaving a clothing item in the room. Two days later, I realize that it is missing and I work hard to follow up with the staff there to locate it. I leave a message, call back when I don't get the courtesy of a return call, stop by in person to inquire, speak with Joe (I think that was his name) as well as Dean. I get a couple of assurances that I will receive a call back -- they say they have to check with housekeeping. Even with my repeated calls, including an angry final call that got me the assurance that Chris would call me back the next day, nobody ever bothered to phone me, even to tell me that the item went missing. My guess is that this has happened before, so no big deal from their perspective, and that in my case the housekeeping staff knew someone who could use my clothing item.The only positive comment I will make is a heartfelt one -- but it isn't about the Inn, it's about the College Inn Pub downstairs. The place is friendly and has an excellent choice of ales. Scruffy and real, if you are a beer enthusiast and are after authenticity instead of hype and polish, I would really recommend the Pub.  
<Date>May 30, 2008
<Rating>1	3	2	5	2	2	1	-1	

<Author>Chrisfs
<Content>Good Cheap place to stay I was there last year, I was on a budget and it was a very decently priced place. Yes, the rooms are definitely smaller than chains and have shared bathrooms, but they are clean and a lot cheaper and if you are complaining about that in a review it's because you didn't read their website that explains all that before you booked. Bus stops less than a block away. The staff was really helpful, they offered to book transportation back to the airport that was a decent price. The only down part is that it was a 5-10 minutes bus ride from Downtown places like Pike's Place rather than a short walk, but no big deal. They are shops around the area to look at as well. It's right next to the University, so if you have stuff to do there, this is absolutely your place.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	3	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Knoot
<Content>Nice palce This hotel is located in a lovely old yellow house, 30 mins bus ride from down town Seattle (lines 70-74). The rooms are clean, shared bathrooms are clean but expect to wait a little bit for your turn. Breakfast served at the top floor: cereal, granola, bagels, English muffin, coffee, yogurt, jam. Don't be late 'cause refills are scarce. Wireless internet, no TV , little sink in the room, windows are not blocking all the noise but the surrounding area is quiet. Prior to reservation we checked the reviews and asked for a room not near the bar, which fortunately was not active during our stay. 3 stories high with no elevator.. There are plenty of students cafes near by. Check the adjacent Washington university, it's gorgeous!  
<Date>Sep 24, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	2	3	5	5	4	

<Author>shakeandbake
<Content>LOVED IT This is a true Seattle gem, a lovely historic building. The first reason I actually chose this hotel was because it was cheap, AND I could easily access the city via bus route. It is within very short walking distance of many bus routes to downtown or anywhere I needed to go, but I spent much less than I would have if I were to stay in downtown Seattle.I was pleasantly surprised with my choice. If you are looking for a friendly, clean, modest home away from home, this is the place for you. I've stayed in many places, from hostels to bed and breakfasts to 5 star hotels. This place is sweet and minimalist. Service was excellent and very gracious, but be aware of the limited office hours. The manager was helpful with any questions or directions I needed help with as well. I wouldn't recommend it to those looking to be pampered and spoiled on their vacation, but for the down to earh traveller, its perfect. It is a European-style hotel with (very clean) shared bathrooms on each floor, so maybe bring a bath robe. There is a generous continental breakfast offered as well. Just downstairs is a fantastic cafe with delicious breakfast and lunch, and there is an array of ethnic restaurants and pubs within walking distance. I would highly recommend the College Inn!  
<Date>Aug 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>steadierfooting
<Content>Great for no-frills travelers on a budget My husband and I stayed at The College Inn while visiting Seattle for 6 days in April 2007. We already knew that it was a dorm-style establishment with a shared bathroom down the hall, so we came prepared with our own robes and shower shoes.Our major problem with the Inn was that my husband had been told when he made the reservation that it would be possible to check in before 3 p.m. The website states that no one is in the office until then and the front door is locked; visitors must be buzzed in to check in and are then given a key to the front door. As I said, we were told that they could make arrangements for us to check in early. We arrived at the Inn around 12:30 p.m., luggage in tow and exhausted, only to find that no one was there. We tried buzzing and calling but there was no answer. We drug our luggage into the tiny cafe downstairs and had a bite to eat and then sat on a bench for a while until we saw someone inside the entryway to the Inn. Lucky for us that we saw them, as we were allowed to stow our luggage in the office for a few hours, but we still couldn't check in until 3 p.m. I understand that that is their stated policy, but they should not have told us that we could get in earlier if it wasn't true. So be warned, do not expect to get into the building before 3 p.m., no matter what they tell you!!!My only other gripes with the Inn were minor. While there was a small chest of drawers in our room, there were very few hangers and no closet. They could definitely stand to have some more hangers available. Also, there is one shared ironing board and iron that is kept upstairs; you have to go up to the 4th floor lounge/office and ask for it. The iron was ancient and completely empty.The room itself, however, was fine. The bed was no more or less comfortable than any other standard hotel bed. The sink in the room was definitely helpful, since the bathroom down the hall could get a little crowded depending on the time of day. The continental breakfast was great, definitely better than any standard breakfast at a major hotel chain. And from what I saw, the staff was very helpful in assisting travelers navigate their way around the city or suggesting things to see. We heard other travelers complaining about noise, but we didn't experience any of the problems with loud neighbors or noise from the pub downstairs.For our needs, the College Inn served us well. For anyone on a budget just looking for a decent place to sleep (and get a nice breakfast), I would definitely recommend this place.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	3	2	1	3	4	

<Author>bbmcds
<Content>OK with a nest of qualifiers. We chose this hotel after comparing the prices for two to stay in a hostel. Money-wise, it came out as a wash staying at the College Inn, with the advantage of having a private room for my partner and me. The disadvantage being the location of the Inn鈥攚e were traveling as tourists, not students or parents of students of the college next door.The room was noisy from street traffic (we had room 208, street facing, second floor, so we were neither over the restaurant nor the bar, nor鈥攁nd, important fact here鈥攖he high rise construction on the back end of the hotel.). There was a 1鈥?gap under our door that was a little disconcerting.The front lobby and the stairway had carpet that was well worn and with some interesting stains; the check in area and the breakfast area are in the attic area on the fourth floor鈥攎ore than a little challenge for our out of shape bones to hike up to.The bathroom is communal and has all the charm of an old dorm communal bathroom鈥攐ne toilet stall, a urinal and two glass fronted showers. They were very clean if worn.Keep in mind that this is next to the college and all that it entails regarding parking. I ended up parking in one place, and wisely moving the car late that evening to something that was away from the construction but nonetheless required getting up to feed the meter at 8 a.m.Food in the area was not bad, though college oriented--cheap and filling, the cuisine leaning into Thai, pizza and hamburgers for the most part.Probably the most important question: Would we stay there again? Lordy, I hope not, but if you need a cheap room in a safe area and can swing with the issues that I have mentioned, it is a very acceptable place. The hotels in Seattle, as you probably know if you are considering the College Inn, are more than a little spendy. There are hostels in more tourist oriented spots that might overall be a better choice. I know there is the Green Tortoise that is right across from the Pike Place Market, for instance, which even with dorm rooms, would have been a better choice considering our budget.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2006
<Rating>2	4	2	2	4	5	-1	4	

<Author>aaronsassie
<Content>STP riders beware! We booked a room at this 'bed and breakfast' for our STP (Seattle to Portland) bike ride.If you want:- No sleep due to the pub downstairs (open until 2ish)- A bathroom down the hall- Dirty floors that make you want to wear socks/shoes the entire time- To ring a bell to get in (with certain hours that you can actually get in)- Dirty bedding, old/worn towels- A very non-accommodating staffThen choose this place.More: we paid $100 for a room. We were told that breakfast was included. The hotel was 1/2 occupied by STP riders. We asked what time breakfast was available: 8:00 a.m. We asked if there was any way to get breakfast earlier because most riders leave by 6 or 7 a.m. We were told that I work 80 hours a week, and don't really want to get up that early.You have to carry your bike up stairs to your room, the rooms are TINY, no A/C. Their toiletries consist of antiquated little soaps. If you are a partier who wants to stay near the campus, just need a place to lay your head and have a $100 to waste, stay here. Personally, I would stay in a tent before this place.Hope this helps.Kassie AtkinsonOregon  
<Date>Jul 16, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Keeping It Simple The College Inn allowed us to remember the simple things in life bring great happiness. We travel from coast to coast staying in large hotel chains and spending excessive dollars on decorations and marble floors that we can't take with us. The College Inn is a quaint little bed and breakfast on the corner with a cool view. The beds squeak, but we rested well. The furniture is not new, but it held our belongings. The breakfast was not grand, but it kept the grumbles away until lunch. No one banged on our door yelling, Housekeeping! There is no smoking so you don't smell the second hand smoke from the smoking floor/hall. Most of all, it is clean. The Inn keeper, Chris, is always hustling about making everyone feel comfortable. Remember what really matters when you travel. Sometimes keeping it simple makes life more enjoyable.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2006
<Rating>5	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>acehole
<Content>The worst place I have ever stayed in. Doesn't deserve 1 star. No personal bathroom!!! Had to share a bathroom with the entire floor. Ugly bathroom at that. The room are SMALL with no TV. No AC but a fan in the window. Beds are horrible and unconfortable. You get one LITTLE sink with a small mirror made for hobbits. Can't use the towels because they conserve water and don't wash them. Our window was right over a dumpster with pub downstairs. Had to listen to partiers until 3 in the morning. (bottles clanging in the dumpster all night every night)We had pay for parking to park on campus. Had to wake up one morning and move my car at 6am so I wouldn't get a ticket. The breakfast is good if you like to kneel to move around. The public internet is good when it isn't unplugged by the hotel personel to get access in their own room. The room looked nothing like the pictures with the view of seattle. I recommend a reconized hotel chain. I never knew stuff like this existed in America.Don't do it. I really wish I would have stayed in Bellvue or major chain. The only plus is that you are close to Seattle and there is a cool street on campus interesting shops.  
<Date>May 28, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>ejvigil
<Content>Great Place to rest your head!       View from the breakfast table  
<Date>Dec 14, 2005
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very cool! The staff and location of this hotel is great. Very reasonably priced and friendly staff. Beware of the stairs though.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>In four days I changed rooms 3 times I thought this would be a great place to stay becauase the price is right. It looked like a really cute place to stay from the outside. Initially I thought great and I thougth the people were friendly. When she placed me in the small dorm like room, I thought fine. The first thing I noticed was there was no nob on the heater and no working phone. Luckily I had my cell. I didnt mind at first because she would give me the room for 40.00 because the phone didnt work. I thought well this is a good deal. I then found out we had an upexpected not paying guest who was sleeping and eating in the house. I felt unsafe. They delt with that issue and I commend them for that. They gave me another room on the second floor above the bar and I felt safer the next night. But my room cost more because it had two beds but I didnt ask for this room. Also, this building is a non smoking building , but that has nothing to do with the fact that the smoke from the bar downstairs leaks into this room and I dont know about other rooms. I felt sick in the am the next two days. When I approached her about this , she didnt want to accomodate me. I moved again to the third floor after two nights in that room because she needed the room for someone else. This new room on the third floor had one double bed so I moved all my stuff again to the third floor. Now I just wanted a little holiday in Seattle. The room on the third floor was 313. It too had problems because it was so noisy. Outside the room was a some type of fan which was so loud. It was so difficult to sleep. One good thing about this place was the continental breakfast although you have to walk a one or two flights of stairs depends on which floor you stay on. I enjoyed the fruit, toast, bagels, and cream cheese breakfast. Thanks for that.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Little House of Horrors I called the College Inn approximately 2 1/2 months in advance to make my reservation. The College Inn is advertised on the University of Washington orientation brochure. Although it is the least expensive listed hotel, I had no reason to believe my stay would be problematic. I did not look up the website on-line, instead I called for reservations. I also called again to check the reservation. I arrived from the east coast to Seattle on a Sunday and drove to the College Inn. After walking up one horrendous flight of stairs, with more to follow, because the office is on the top floor of the establishment, I found that my son had arrived first and checked in. I was horrified to find out that the management's idea of not being able to accomodate anyone with disabilities meant if you can't climb 4 flights of stairs, maybe you shouldn't stay there. That fact isn't mentioned on the brochure or on the website, I did check the websites after the fact and vital information is omitted. I had requested a room with 2 beds as my son and I were together. The room was over the pub. The furnishing, in I think room 303,lacked any charm and looked like the set of a bad movie. I immediately went to the management and requested another room. A peek into the open rooms on my walk to the fourth floor office established the fact that much nicer rooms existed. The desk person upon my request told me that he had nothing available other than a double. Now I made these reservation well in advance of my stay. Of course a double was unacceptable as I wasn't sleeping in the same bed as my grown son. The desk person stated that no other accomodation could be made. I went back to the room very upset. Due to the packed schedule we had for the next two days, I could not find another place; however, on Wednesday morning I did find another hotel and went to check out. I was told by the manager that I would be charged a 48 hour cancellation fee and I should understand that he was loosing money by me leaving the hotel early. I couldn't believe the man's audacity and I told him I wasn't paying the fee. He told me that I was told when I originally made the reservation. I told him I had no record of that in my notes. He insisted he told me, basically called me a liar and then he expressed that for me to leave was screwing him out of money. The fur flew then. I told him I would pay in cash for the time I was there and not to charge my account. He took my money and gave me a receipt. When I left the building I looked again at the receipt and realized that he was charging me the 48 hour cancellation fee and that he had an amount due on the receipt. I called him from the street, so I could re-enter the building and walked up the 4 flights of stairs. I found that he had charged my credit card and had no intention of giving me a receipt. I requested a receipt. I also brought to his attention that there is no written policy stating anything about a cancellation fee. Also when I arrived and asked for another room and he could not accomodate me, he was effectively on notice that I was completely dissatisfied with the room. I have contacted the Chamber of Commerce, the College Inn is not a member. I talked with the University office that publicizes the orientation brochure, and they were very concerned about the treatment I had received. And I will follow up with letters to the Better Business Bureau. The College Inn failed to inform me of its limitations, failed to give me a decent room and charged me a cancellation fee after failing to accomodate my request when I made the reservation and when I requested another room. I was called a liar and accused of screwing them over. I would not recommend the facility to anyone. There must be nicer bed and breakfast closer to the University of Washington.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rainbirdreader
<Content>A great place to stay for budget travelers I've stayed at the College Inn Guest House more than a dozen times in the past fifteen years and always enjoyed myself. Yes, the rooms are spartan, but they have an old fashioned charm with their soft colors, antique furniture and big window seats looking out down the Ave. The shared bathrooms are spotless, feature two showers and toilets each and I have never had to wait. There are sinks in each room which helps a lot. The best feature of the guest house is the fabulous location which puts you in the middle of the University scene and within a few steps of bus service to downtown or Wallingford. Also outstanding is the big continental breakfast and beverage service all day. Beware, there are many stairs here and no elevator, but for the young at heart, it's a real bargain.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2003
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>If you're in Seattle - stay here The College Inn was everything I'd been told it would be - clean, comfortable, surrounded by great places to visit (bars) and full of fantastic people - loved it!  
<Date>May 29, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Cozy place in the U district The College Inn is a wonderful little BB. The rooms are comfortable, the location is great -- on the Ave and a block from UW -- the service is excellent and the rates are reasonable. The only thing that might turn some people off are the dormitory style bathrooms. If that doesn't bother you, you'll likely enjoy your stay.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

