<Author>Biri
<Content>Great location at a reasonable price I booked the hotel as a Top Secret hotel on Lastminute.com and found it to be very good value for the location. We took the bus from the airport and it is less than 5 minutes walk from Plaza Cataluyna where the bus stops. The public areas are very pleasant and the hotel feels calm and quiet despite its busy location. The staff were fine - not especially welcoming or friendly but not unpleasant. The lift was broken and they did not really make any effort to apologise or help with our bags. The room was fine - quite small and the bed was more like a camp bed but reasonably comfortable. The bathroom was modern and clean with a very powerful shower. The decor in the room was tatty and could easily be improved.We didn't have breakfast there as it was disproportionately expensive. There is a locked luggage room which was useful but it is also the boiler room and therefore very hot so be careful what you leave in there.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	5	3	3	-1	-1	

<Author>regev
<Content>Excellent hotel good servise it was plasure to share my weekation in Nouvel hotel Nouvel hotel is like a botiqe hotel' Excellent servise and good athmospher  
<Date>Oct 27, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Klinepa
<Content>A Great Personal-Touch Hotel I have stayed at the Nouvel Hotel in Barcelona several times. It is in a great central location, close to the majority of tourist sights in Barcelona. It is located on a pedistrian street, filled with a few shops and little eateries and bakeries. The staff at the hotel is most helpful. They are always so cheerful and are very willing to assist in any recommendations for sightseeing. On this trip, my ATM card was not activated and I was without access to my account. The senior staff member recommended that I visit a secure internet location to email my bank. He sent me to a Staples-like business, where I had access to email and for 1 Euro, I sent an email to my bank. Within a few hours, my bank took the hold off of my card and I had full access to my ATM. We love the streetside rooms to sit on the balcony and people-watch. The hotel is also very close to Plaza Catalunya for transport to airport or to use the metro system.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>norters1980
<Content>Great I realise this review is a little late but after reading some of the other comments made here I thought I should add my own. My girlfriend and I stayed at this hotel in September 2007 and encountered nothing but exceptional service and standards. We arrived slightly earlier than check-in but the man at the desk allowed us to use the luggage store for us to store our bags while we had our first explore of the city. After check-in we paid the 20e deposit for the television remote (which we were quite happy to pay, you DO get it back after all unless you do something stupid with it) and went to check out our room which we found perfectly sized with a good sized bathroom.In the morning of our second day the extremely friendly man on the desk (a different one) filled us in on the best way to see the city and sold us a two day pass for the tourist bus (fun bus) which was possibly our best purchase of the trip with stops all over the city and very frequent services.All in all, I would highly reccommend this hotel for it is cheap, clean and the staff are nothing short of excellent.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	5	3	

<Author>bakal
<Content>Nice Hotel, not that bad at all We just arrived from Barcelona and stayed in Nouvel Hotel. Initially I'm a bit nervous what will be liked to stay on this hotel as there were mixed reviews. Well I'm happy to say that this hotel is not that bad at all. It is small but clean and adequate to serve it's purpose to tourist like me. We booked our family holiday via easy jet website I think it was a bargain, we just paid 拢500 for 4 nights which includes flights and BB. Other sites are asking for 拢800 for the same hotel and flights. Before we went off to Barcelona I have done all my preparations very well on how to locate this hotel. As I have no intention to pay more on a taxi which is probably more expensive than my easy jet flight. On the airport we catched the A1 bus which cost around 拢4.60 up to plaza catalunia which is basically the terminal point of the bus. You can buy the ticket from the machine which technically more difficult to do or you can just pay on the bus driver which I highly recommend. From Plaza Cataluna the hotel is just literallly 5mins walk going to the La Rambla, where the tourist area is. Make sure that you have a printed birds eye view map i.e. from google map to help you find the place, rather than keep wondering around where the hotel is. We were welcome by the Gentelemen in the reception which is very helpful, he immediately gave us map of the area and some informations where we can spent our dinner etc. We arrived at around 11.30AM, but the check in was 2PM. We were then told that we have an option, we can leave our luggages in their safe and start our stroll in La Ramba and come back, or just wait for an hour as they are still cleaning our room. For me the option that you can leave your things in their safe is a big factor. Although we did not do this option on our first day, however we decided to do so on our last day as our flight was late in the evening. This has give us more time to enjoy our holiday. Going around Barcelona I would suggest to take the official Tour Bus not the Barcelona Tour that was recommended by the Nouvel receptionist. Official tour bus has 3 lines as compare to just one for the bus called Barcelona Tour. Going back to the airport to complete our experience we decided to take the train this time, It was a big mistake. You need to make a transfer from another line from cataluna to sants station. Well if you are familiar with the train network of Barcelona then that is ok, not in my case though plus I just realise that if you are catching a flight this is not the time do an experiment. There were several platforms and to make sure that we were heading on the right directions I need to ask people from the information. When we were in Sants station the train was delayed for about 20mins. This is an underground station hence the heat was excruciating, plus all the paging announcement are in catalan good thing that there was an American beside me who understand the language and willing to tell us what the announcement was all about.Barcelona is very muggy in August so make sure that you always got your bottle water with you. If you will stay in Nouvel the cheapest that you can go is in the big shopping mall in plaza catalunia (which can't remember the name) where the A1 Bus terminates. Here the bottle water only cost 0.30 euros per 1.5ltr as compare to 拢2.00 else where.I hope this review will help a lot. Just bare in mind that this hotel is not a five star hotel so don't expect too much. Plus keep looking for the best deal for you.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>brighton-england
<Content>good small hotel stayed at the hotel nouvel for 4 days in july and had a great time, this hotel is in a fabulous location, just off la rambla and place de catalunya. the rooms are small but very clean and the staff were most helpful. it has a lobby with chandeliers and a very quaint lift. the breakfast was good, it was supposed to be continental but there was scrambled egg , sausages and beans available as well as cold meats and cheese, plenty of toast, yoghurts and as much tea and coffee as you could manage. not a 5 star hotel but great location and much cheaper than a hotel on la rambla. iwould stay here again and would recommend it to my friends  
<Date>Aug 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>mistyWales
<Content>good hotel stayed here last week for 4 nights .nice and clean hotel.and room was nice there is no tea or coffee facilites in your room but there is a coffiee machine down stairs .we were told there wasnt a bar in the hotel but we found it in the restaraunt on our last nite..situated in an exellent place near to the main street. we had to walk down a creepy alley way to get to it late at nite as the taxi driver coudnt find it, but we had driven past it ones lolwe didnt eat in the hotel as we found it cheaper in one of the many places in the town i would stay here again if i went back to barcelona, if you want to go to the beach i would recomend you get a taxi for around 10 euros because its a bit of a walk. happy holidays it cost us 30 euros for a taxi from the airport to the hotel i think they charged us more as we had 4 sutcases and 4 passengers. its cheaper by the bus  
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Paul079
<Content>Goodness knows what hotel some of the other reviewers were staying at I was in a party that booked four separate rooms. Good pointsThe hotel's location is excellent.The breakfast is good.Bad pointsSurly staff - one woman on reception was as awkward as they come - some of the others were not much better. I only saw two members of staff smile over 4 days.Room cleaning variable. The towels were not changed every day.Rooms variable. Singles can be tiny - do not rely on being able to relax back at the hotel - this is a guest house type hotel.Weird air conditioning controlled by reception. I do not think it works during the day. We were cold at night - another in the party was not aware his room had air conditioning it was so bad.There is TV in the rooms - variable quality of set. You might be lucky with a flat screen or unlucky with an old TV. There is only one English channel - BBC World. you have to leave 鈧?0 deposit at the desk to get a remote control. Some TV's will not work without it.No fridge, tea or coffee making facility. There is a vending machine downstairs.All rooms have a safe but you have to pay extra.I was forced to pay for my full stay on arrival. This always makes me feel like I am being treated as a criminal.Generally I got the feeling it is far too easy for hoteliers to make money in Barcelona  
<Date>Jul 9, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	2	2	2	1	

<Author>Barcelona_visitor
<Content>Good value for money- nice room too       Beds  
<Date>Jul 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>BillyPinky
<Content>Disappointing       bathroom  
<Date>Jun 1, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	5	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>kathic123
<Content>Needs a makeover!!! This hotel i well located just off Las Ramblas however it needs a makeover and a fresh customer service attitude. The hotel rooms are adequate but dingy. The pillow was filled with lumps. The breakfast could have been so much nicer with fresh fruit instead of canned in the middle of May with a beautiful fresh market just 2 blocks away. We were charged 1.50 euro cash when we arrived after spending 317.00 USD for the room which felt less than welcoming upon arrival. This was a beautiful old hotel at it's prime but at the moment, I would not recommend it to a friend. They need to begin with some new pillows!!!  
<Date>May 13, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	2	2	-1	

<Author>Otoko25
<Content>Clean, Simple, Friendly The hotel was located just off the Rambla - right in the centre of town and a short stroll from the main metro station. The staff were friendly, spoke several languages and were helpful if you wanted any local advice. We stayed in a triple room with three single beds as a last minute cheap city break.Rooms are basic but clean with a balcony. It had a nice powerful shower in a fairly large bathroom. Beds were quite old but comfortable enough.Breakfast comprised your usual Continental fair of bread, croissants and cereals with coffee on tap.All-in-all a very good hotel for what we paid, especially in regards to location. If were to go for a repeat cheap break would stay in again but those seeking luxuary should look elsewhere.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	5	3	3	3	3	

<Author>schoir
<Content>Great Hotel in a Wonderful Location I was traveling alone in Barcelona and booked a double room at the Hotel Nouvel because they did not have any single rooms left. The gave me a room on the top floor with a balcony overlooking Calle Santa Anna. It was spacious and comfortable, though the furniture bordered on spartan. The bathroom was really nice -- all marble tiles, and even a bidet. The complimentary breakfast buffet is really nice -- fresh juice, rolls, toast, cold meats and cheese, cereal, and fruit. The location can't be beat. The staff knew I was traveling alone and made me feel welcome. They were very helpful, letting me know the closing times of certain attractions, giving directions and ordering a taxi for me at 4am to the airport for an early morning flight.I would definitely stay here again and would recommend it to others.  
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>POZ123
<Content>Surprise getaway I was surprised for my Birthday and spent two nights in this lovely hotel.Staff excellent (speaking immaculate English)Breakfast goodLocation excellent within easy reach of the Cathedral and the HarbourRoom clean and tidy (albeit very small)  
<Date>Feb 28, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>SteveG-Dorset
<Content>Holiday ruined by attitude of staff when things went wrong       Where's the safe?  
<Date>Jan 18, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	3	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>cockerhamsands
<Content>Ideal B Stayed for 1 night on 12 January 2008. Found the staff very friendly and the hotel was clean and decent facilities. If your after a bed and half decent breakfast - this is the one for you. If you want all the trimmings smack on Las Ramblas then be prepared to pay upto three times as much!I found it ideal and was staying with two children (9 and 10).  
<Date>Jan 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	3	4	2	

<Author>sarahmas
<Content>Budget hotel, excellent location, decent breakfast With the Hotel Nouvel, you definitely get what you pay for. This was a budget hotel with all the fun and follies that go along... lights that only worked with a key inserted... a showerhead that kind of sprayed all over the place... a toilet that you had to sit sideways on because it was so close to the sink. But the sheets and towels were clean, the heat and hot water worked well, the staff was friendly, and the breakfast was generous and of decent quality.And, like many others have said, the location is excellent. You are right on La Rambla, walking distance from the ocean, and near the metro to get anywhere else. Warning: if you come here for a weekend, give yourself an hour to wait in line for the airport buses in Catalunya!In summary, if I was looking for a fancy, well appointed, luxurious hotel, I'd look elsewhere. But for a quick and cheap weekend away, Hotel Nouvel fits the bill well.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	5	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>risermon
<Content>Great Location-Cheap on Service Can't beat the location, however for $161 EU/night, I was expecting more in the way of service and amenities. After a couple of days of seeing the same spots on the sheets, I asked the head clerk to have the rather low quality sheets changed. He says they only change the sheets every third day! Well, I'm sure they're very concerned about the environment, but for that $, they need to change the sheets daily. I also couldn't believe how cheap they were with bathroom amenities. No shampoo, one small squeeze bag of body gel, no conditioner. Even one-star hotels do better than that. Shower had half window, rather than full curtain, which wasn't sufficient to keep water off the floor. Breakfast buffet was good but not great.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	5	3	4	2	-1	

<Author>ab4113
<Content>Great location Stayed at this hotel for two nights, clean, tidy excellent location friendly staff, could not ask for any more, would recommend to anyone  
<Date>Nov 8, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	5	3	3	4	3	

<Author>garfthelarf
<Content>Pretty Basic Accommodation       Entrance  
<Date>Oct 30, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	3	3	3	

<Author>Hannah128
<Content>Very Nice Experience We stayed at this hotel for four nights, the first weekend in Oct. My partner was ill after getting off the airplane and arriving at the hotel about 10:00am. We were told our room would not be available until 2:00 p.m. , per hotel policy. So, we sat in the lobby to make the best of it. Twenty minutes later, the manager had a room for us. It was a beautiful corner room, very large, and very, very quiet. The hotel staff were most helpful and the rooms were extremely clean. The location of this hotel is fantastic!! We were able to walk to whatever we wanted to see. The value is great. A+ recommendation.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Howard1737
<Content>First Class Stay We stayed at Hotel Nouvel for 7 nights. We found this hotel to be excellent value for money with modest but very comfortable accommodation. All you need when you are out all day enjoying beautiful Barcelona. The staff were very helpful and the continental breakfast had plenty of choice and everything kept being refilled. The Hotel staircase was being decorated. Painter worked late but we did not hear any noise or suffered any inconvience.Room was serviced everyday, clean and very quiet. Would have no hesitation in staying at the hotel in the future. Loation couldn't be better. One minute walk to Ramblas and Metro station. Less than 5 minutes to airport bus.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Aries100
<Content>Great hotel, great location The location is excellent, down a quiet and safe pedestrian street off Las Ramblas, 3 minutes walk from the airport bus stop. We stayed in a really quiet twin room, very clean and looked like the bathroom had been newly renovated. Room cleaned every day, towels replaced.Staff were very friendly and accomodating. There seems to be some redorating going on but it didn't effect us. Breakfast was standard, anything which ran out was replaced very quickly. There are about 3 cafes within 20 metres of the hotel entrance and all offering coffee and croissant for less than 2 euros as an alternative to the hotel breakfast. We had heard about pickpockets/muggings in Barcelona but on out first night, we encountered a hotel guest at reception who had just been pickpocketed. Las Ramblas is so busy day and night, that incident just reinforced that you really need to take the minimum amount of cash etc out with you at all times, like you would in any strange city really.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>AileenBonnybridge
<Content>nice little hotel We have just returned from 4 days in Barcelona staying at the Nouvel Hotel. I booked this hotel before I checked the reviews( I know thats the wrong thing to do) but in this case we would have missed a good hotel if we had paid attention to the bad reviews. Everything worked for us. The reception staff were polite, the breakfast was plentiful, the room was very clean and comfortable with a great shower in bathroom. Everything we needed for our short stay. Yes the hotel is being redecorated and the workmen are in but they tend to work in the evening and they are making the hotel look even better. We had a room looking over an alley and we were not disturbed by anyone during the night. I would recommend this hotel to anyone who is looking for a great location and a pleasant stay.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Emie
<Content>Great Location We stayed two nights at the Nouvel hotel in mid Sept which is just a stone throw from the Le Ramblas , it was agreat experience the hotel was excellent value for the money the staff was very helpful lots of eateries shopping ect.We did the open air bus tour 19 euros one day would be better to spent 23 for 2 days,this really gave you a good picture of the city.It cost 25 euro to take a taxi to the cruise ship port which really isn;t very far ,we actually had walked there the night before.After the cruise we also spent a night in Barcellona but in thenew section of the city near the Olympic Village at the hotel just of the beach.We found the beach excellent even the nude ones Overall this was a excellent holliday Emie  
<Date>Oct 10, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Pendragon56
<Content>very disappointed This was a disappointing hotel. I booked this through Just one hotel The picture at the time of booking was of a very modern hotel, what a shock I had when I arrived here. The hotel was very basic, the room was clean but needed updating, the breakfast I will not mention as I might be rude. The plus side, the staff were helpful and it did have a good location. When I got home I let Just one Hotel  know my feels but you guessed it the picture has now changed!  
<Date>Sep 30, 2007
<Rating>2	1	1	5	2	2	3	-1	

<Author>LuckyLucyLove
<Content>Do not stay here!!! Dreadful. Do not stay here! I booked this hotel because of its location and reasonable price; do not be tempted by either! In the first room, 256, there was a terrible rumbling noise, maybe from the air conditioning (even when turned off!) or pipes, I requested a room change and was told there were no more rooms available, the receptionist was very rude and extremely unhelpful, after an argument he found - with no apparent problem! - another room, 374, I waked in and walked straight back out, the stench from the bathroom was sickening, I went back to reception and asked for another room, again he said there were none available, after another argument I was given room 362, it was lovely! Well, as long as you don't mind hearing every single footstep or word spoken in the hall outside! Why didn鈥檛 I just walk out and find a better hotel where the staff are polite and helpful??? I should have!!! The following morning when I was (as I have done in countless other hotels!) going back to my room after breakfast with a cup of hot water, the receptionist let rip!!! I won鈥檛 go into the gory details but I was mortified, he was so confrontational and aggressive and all this in front of other guests that were either checking in or out at the time, apparently hotel rules state you can not take a cup of hot water out of the restaurant to your room! Well there is a way to tell someone and there was his way!!! I could not believe his tone, his manner, I was a paying guest in the hotel. I felt like I was committing the worst crime known to man! He was beyond reason! Do not stay here, do not be tempted by the great location or the reasonable rates, the hotel was maybe lovely once but now it is in need of a major overhaul and big clean up. As for the receptionists鈥hey were the absolute rudest, most unhelpful, most confrontational, condescending, rotten people I have ever encountered. Dreadful.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	1	1	1	

<Author>kives
<Content>Disappointed. This hotel was a great disappointment. It was more like a BB than a 3* hotel as all we had to use was the bedroom and the breakfast room which was closed off following breakfast.There were no public areas to use as they were being decorated. The advertised Luna Restaurant we were informed was actually the breakfast room, not a restaurant! The bar by the restaurant was never in use during our stay.Our rear room balcony was overlooked by tenements.On a good point the hotel was very convenient for the centre of Barcelona. Will visit Barcelona again, but to stay in one of the other hotels we found. A most disappointing wedding anniversary.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	4	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>kaimo
<Content>Nice and easy Litle hotel with different room sises. I think we had the smallest one :-) But it was clean, and the aircondtion was ok.But, the matrass was wery hard, that was the only negative.Wery good help in the resepsion. Breakfast was ok, and the same every day...Nearby the Las Ramblas (50 m), and near Plasa Catalunya.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>lisam6028
<Content>Great Location!       View from the Balcony  
<Date>Aug 25, 2007
<Rating>2	3	3	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>celticrover
<Content>great location, great staff, great city, great time we spent three wonderful days in barcelona,( pre cruise).. we found the nouvel hotel to be a great value.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Richard02
<Content>Pretty Medicore The hotel web site charged my credit card immediately after making the reservation but I could never reconfirm on their web site. They didn't even send an email confirmation. When I entered my confirmation number it said cannot be found. So I had to call the hotel directly from the US before I left to reconfirm.Upon arrival the staff was nice enough but the rooms were really old and tired. It was not a good value at all. There was no iinternet acess either. I think there are many other options and would not stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2007
<Rating>2	1	1	4	3	3	3	1	

<Author>AliceGr
<Content>Good location for price! The location was excellent. It offers a great breakfast that is served in a nice dining room. We had no problem with service, but another American family we met ,did experience rude service. The hotel was clean and our room was larger than some. The hotel would be improved by having Internet access. When we left the hotel we used a taxi that came to the door. This was a mistake. It is a very narrow street and we were blocked by a truck. The meter didn't stop running. The best thing to do is to walk to the first main street and find your own taxi. Overall, try to avoid using a taxi in Barcelona. We were very unhappy with the charges and service.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	1	

<Author>stumps
<Content>Great location! Friendly  My Mum who is 73 and I stayed at the Novel Hotel 26th June for 3 days, booked through Easy jet who were the cheapest. We had read the reviews and took pot luck as they differed so much. We were not dissapointed. On arrival at Barcelona airport, we took the A1 bus to place de Catalunya for e3.75, very cheap! The hotel was 5 minutes walk from the square, off the Ramblas, and easy to find. We were welcomed by Roberto who was very charming and very helpful. He explained how to see Barcelona in the short time we were there, where to get the tourist bus etc. The hotel is old and there was some work being done in the foyer but it was clean and comfortable and excellenlty located which is what you need when in Barcelona for just a few days. The ceilings are very high and the doors to the room were huge, must have been at least 10 foot high. We stayed in room 244 which was at the side and had a tiny balcony. The room was bigger than some we have stayed in and adequate for our stay. It also had a flat screen TV which was a surpise, however, you needed to pay 20e deposit for a remote which was given back when you returned it!The bathroom was nice and had a hairdryer, bidet, bath and a great shower! Breakfast was simple, you had to find a table and was self service. The scrambled egss were good but the beans were not our baked beans and the sausages were frankfurters! But there were cereals, bread rolls, croissants, fruit, yogurts cold meats and cheese along with teas, coffee and fruit juices. Although not what we would expect in a hotel at home, it was adequate to start your day.We found most restaurants in the Ramblas quite repetative but found a great restaurant that you should visit and we highly recomend. It was off the Ramblas, going towards the Port, Teatre place and called La Fonda. It was very popular and we had to wait for a table despite it being on 3 levels. We had a 3 course meal each, a jug of sangria and teas and coffees and the total cost was e35! It was not a fixed menu like a lot of restaurants in the area and the food was fresh, excellently presented and the staff were lovely.To travel around we would recommend the tourist bus which has 3 lines, red, blue and green for 19e for 1 day, 24e for 2 days, rather than the Barcelona bus which has just the one route. You also get a booklet of vouchers which gives you money off entrance fees etc. We would also recomend a visit to Monserat, a fantastic place. We decided to do the trip on our own and bought a ticket from tourist information for 29e which included, metro, train, funiculars, cable cars, all entrance fees and lunch in the self service restaurant at Monserat.. This worked out half the price for a half day tour and was easy to do on your own. Considering my mum is 73, she says she would recomend the hotel to her friends as it was centrally located, the staff were nice and after a busy day walking around the sights of Barcelona, all you want to do is sleep in a bed before you start again the next day. If you want to pay a lot more money and have 5* accomodation, then do not stay at this hotel, but if you are looking for a central location and are happy to have basic room with breakfast my Mum and I would recomend the Nouvel Hotel.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>ilovethecity
<Content>Very noisey late a night! The only good thing about this hotel was the location.The bed was hard and pillows uncomfortable. The bathroom was small and after a long day walking round barcelona it would have been nice to have a full length bath.The breakfast was ok - but the orange juice was warm, the toaster slow and you had to wait ages for the staff to top up the small supply of scrammbled egg. Every night we were woken up by guests coming home late. As the hall ways were not carpeted and the doors did not have a slow release hinge, every time a door was closed it sounded as though it was being slammed shut. We could also hear people talking, more like shouting at each other in the hall ways. I loved my time in barcelona, but came home feeling tired and longing for a good nights sleep.Most staff were helpful, but i would have liked them to advise guests to be quiet when returning at night.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	2	3	-1	

<Author>EnglandCheshuntAngie
<Content>Old but clean       gaudi's apartments  
<Date>Jun 7, 2007
<Rating>3	3	1	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>Jean-Harry
<Content>Terrific location Just got back from a wonderful break in Barcelona staying at Nouvel Hotel. The location is just behind Las Ramblas and is perfect for walking to most areas. The hotel is clean the decor is fine, staff helpful and friendly. Wouldn't hesitate to recommend this hotel to anyone and would definitely stay there again. Great value with lovely continental breakfast provided.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>nikitrepak
<Content>Hotel nice but dont think much of Barcelona 6 ladies in early twenties went for a hen party weekend!we arrived late on the friday and found the reception staff to be welcoming and promtly got us to our rooms as we were tired from a delayed flight!We found our rooms to be very clean and tidy and was shocked at the plasma screen televisions (but dissapointed that ALL the channels were in Spanish and not one single English speaking channel) We went to a local restaurant for some food that was not all that good and overpriced then straight back to the hotel to sleep, when we got in to bed we were a little dissapointed as the beds were very hard (more like sleeping on the tiled floor!) and only one pillow per bed we looked for extra pillows in the wardrobes but found none!!When we got in the shower the only thing that can be said about the hotel showers is that it defines a whole new meaning to the word power shower it is more like getting tattoed (absolutley brilliant) we could have spent the whole weekend in the shower and had more fun than we did in Barcelona!!There was an odour coming from outside the bathroom window however this was not a problem with the windows closed!I would not reccomend Barcelona to people that have sensitive noses as just about everywhere we visited stinks!the location of the hotel was amazing you could not be nearer to the hussle and bussel of Barcelona.Checking out was as easy as checking in the reception staff made it a simple process!Wouldnt go back again as a group but would reccomend this hotel to couples or the elderley.  
<Date>May 23, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	5	5	3	-1	

<Author>Italy_06
<Content>Average The rooms were not great, but were okay for a week's stay. The beds were not too uncomfortable. Considering how much time you actually spend in the hotel room during vacation, it was tolerable. We had the triple room, since we were travelling with a six year old. it was very spacious for the 3 of us. The staff were extremely nice and very helpful. They were able to get my husband tickets for a match, which he was extremely ecstatic about, being the futbol fanatic that he is. Breakfast was decent. It consisted of eggs, fruit, cold cereal, sweet breads, toast, hard rolls, meats, yougurts, juice and coffee. One draw back, was there were no irons or ironing boards. We had to go buy a small travel one. The great thing about this hotel, is the location. It is literally in the middle of everything! Las Ramblas is just right down the street. El Corte Inglese is around the corner. Pastry shops and cafes right in front and to teh side of teh hotel. It especially makes a big diffrence when shopping all day or tired of sightseeing, that you can comeback to rest or drop off your bags. We definitely learned our lesson last year in Rome, after staying in a suburban hotel away from the city . I would rather put up with the hustle  bustle of a major city, then hike back to your hotel w/ a tired  cranky 6yr. old after a long day of sightseeing.  
<Date>May 22, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	4	4	3	

<Author>lgoracle
<Content>excellent location We have just spent 4 nights in nouvel hotel, the room was basic but clean, the staff where very friendly and the location was excellent.. fantastic holiday, we were in a triple room which had ample room for three and a balcony.  
<Date>May 20, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	5	3	3	3	3	

<Author>RogueRogan
<Content>Excellent Location We stayed in this hotel over the Formula One weekend - all hotel prices were inflated for the weekend, however this was one of the few with spare rooms. I'd booked the flights first so didn't have much of a choice other than to find somewhere! The hotel staff were very helpful and accomodating, we got a large room - a double with a spare single bed. So had plenty of room, was very quiet as I'd requested - so they certainly try to meet any reasonable special requests you make. There was no minibar in the room, but was furnished to a high standard, everything looked well maintained and relatively new. Breakfast was okay but not anything special. Was certainly filling and kept you going for most of the day. Fairly good selection of items too. What was best for the hotel was certainly the location and allows easy access to the most popular areas of Barcelona. Would consider staying here again due to the service we got from the staff and the hotel's location. Though in the UK this hotel would probably only recieve a 3* rating.  
<Date>May 19, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Slavezero
<Content>Great Location !!!!!         
<Date>Apr 15, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Angelica_Demon
<Content>A hidden gem! My partner and I stayed at this hotel for three nights just after Valentines day. It was absolutely 100% better than I ever expected given the fact it is reasonably priced (for a central city hotel) and some of the, frankly baffling, reviews I'd seen on here. Basically if you want to experience Barcelona like a real European, stay at this hotel. When we arrived we were placed in a twin room with the beds pushed together (meaning one massive bed!), and not one but two quant shuttered balconette windows looking out onto the side street the entrance of the hotel was off of. The bathroom was big enough and there was an English speaking (albeit American) news channel on television (what else do you really need?). The room was spotless, and remained so for the stay as the cleaners did an excellent job. The breakfast was authentic European, with croissants, pastries, toast, fruit, cereal, juice, tea and coffee with some scrambled eggs and sausages if you wished to have them.We mainly just pigged out on everything in readiment for a long day pounding the pavements! There is a bakery directly opposite the hotel entrance that serves excellent baguette sandwiches for you to pack for lunch on the run, and then of course you only need to walk to the end of the road in one direction and you are on Las Ramblas (the main shopping and cafe street) or the other direction and you are in the heart of the Gothic quater with its tiny shutter lined streets, cool clothes shops and restaurants. There is a metro station about a five minute walk away at the top of Las Ramblas that takes you to all the major sights, so of course the location of the hotel is second to none,The best thing about this hotel is the fact that a) it looks so cool and gothic all throughout from the lobby, to the creaky old lift, to the reception and b) the service we recieved from all the staff was friendly and courteous (which I hate to admit you don't expect in busy European city hotels). I probably wouldnt recommend this hotel in the height of summer simply for the fact the rooms don't have minibars for water bottles, and personally if I want a summer holiday I like staying at beach resorts with a swimming pool but for sheer romance this hotel cannot be beaten if you want a culture packed, relaxing city-break.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>H00sier
<Content>This hotel redefines bare minimum If you want a bed in a good location at a moderately high price with little else added this is your hotel. The rooms have a bed (that's the good news). This is the only hotel I have ever stayed in that required a 20 Euro deposit to get a changer for the TV. Since there was only one English speaking channel, I really did not need a changer - but had to have it to get that one channel tuned in each time the TV was turned on. Everything from the complimentary toiletries to the furnishings in the room was as minimalistic as one could get. Usually when checking out, I am asked if we used anything from the mini bar (we never do) but they did not have to ask since there was none. Often we like to put a Coke or bottle of water in the mini refrigerator to keep it cool, but as I said they did not have one. There is a faint smell of sewer gas in the bathrooms. The reception staff was friendly with a couple of exceptions. Finally there were guests who returned to their rooms at 1-2 AM each night making sure that no one could continue to sleep . The walls are paper thin.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	4	3	4	2	-1	

<Author>emsib
<Content>PERECT I have just returned form a wonderful 3 night stay at Nouvel Hotel, Barcelona. I found the staff very welcoming on our arrival and were always very pleasant and happy to help. They had a very good standard of English. The location of the hotel was excellent, on a side street off Las Ramblas. It was in the middle of all the action but I'm guessing quieter than hotels on the main street. I loved the balconies in the rooms and enjoyed looking out onto the street below. I thought the decor gave the hotel a real spanish feeln, not like the average chain hotel. The rooms and bathrooms were very clean and the triple room that I stayed in more was than big enough for three adults. Breakfast was perfectly adequate and was what would be expected in a European hotel. If you want a clean hotel in an excellent location with friendly staff, I wouldn't hesitate in recommending this hotel.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Kazndave
<Content>Location, location, location We usually stay in four and five star hotels and werent expecting much but this quaint hotel exceeded our expectations. Came back from Barcelona yesterday (29 Jan 07) Hotel in Gothic style was extremely clean, the staff are friendly and helpful. Double room was small but who needs a big room when you're out all day. Spotlessly clean and warm. Everything we needed was there. Comfortable bed, nicely decorated. Bathroom excellent and also spotless with clean, soft towels Reception area undergoing some refurbishment but didnt cause any problems. The dining room and lounge could do with a face lift but again very clean and tidy. We would definitely stay there again . The location is superb with patisserie, restaurants and shops right outside. 20 yards from Las Ramblas - THE place to be.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CorkRose
<Content>Disappointing I stayed in the Nouvel Hotel for one week at the beginning of September 06 and the only advantage of this hotel is its location situated just off La Rambla and near Placya de la Catalunya. The breakfast was pretty basic every morning with no variety to choose from. The reception room to the left of the entrance was depressing to look at and the decor in general badly needed to be upgraded. The bedroom had an antiquated portable TV which did not work. Whilst the room was small, it was clean and sheets and towels were changed every day. So my overall experience of this hotel was not great and I certainly would not recommend it.Eileen Twohig,Cork, Ireland  
<Date>Jan 24, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>euler
<Content>lovely hotel 10 girls stayed there for a 21st bday. We had two triple rooms and two twins, they were nice sizes. The baths in the twin room however were slightly short!The staff were friendly and the hotel was clean. Great location!  
<Date>Dec 14, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>dicemaid
<Content>Location! Location! Location!       Hotel Nouvel Reception  
<Date>Dec 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>shropsgd
<Content>Excvellent hotel - staff pleasant and helpful - room and bathroom spotless have just returned following a three day break in Barcelona staying at the Hotel Nouvel, Santa Anna, Barcelona.Location excellent, 40 yards from La Rambla and 3 minutes from Placa Catalunya. Our room was twin bedded, as requested and was spotlessly clean as was the bathroom complete with bath, shower, bidet and handbasin.Breakfast was better than adequate with Juice, cereal, cold meats, cheeses, tinned fruit, sausages, scrambled eggs, croissants, breads, butter and jams.Reception staff spoke English well and were very helpful at all times.I am 65 years old, have travelled the world on a tight budget and would have no hesitation in recommending this hotel.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>RatPack
<Content>Sewerage pipes We have a large family room, which was much bigger than the other membesr of our party. However, the window opened intoa service elevator! There was no natural light in room and only two beside lights. We were in total gloom all weekend. ALso running down side of elevator shaft was sewerage pipe for hotel, so when anyone flushed a toilet at all it ran down the pipe at the back of our bed! This kept us awake a lot. On Sunday we noticed the bread rolls had mould on them. We were told by reception that that was all they had!You have to pay deposit for tv remote and generally the reception staff were not very friendly. Was recommended to a Flamenco Night. They obviously get a commission for selling the tickets. It cost 鈧?20 per couple, and the food was very dis-appointing, but not as dis-appointing as the dancing. Definitely not worth the money.The location of the hotel is great, however, but there are other hotels very close by with better accomodation and facilities.We would never go back or recommend it to anyone.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2006
<Rating>1	2	1	5	3	3	-1	3	

<Author>trekkertoo
<Content>Great location, helpful front desk staff Stayed here two nights at the end of Sept. The location, as others have mentioned, is excellent, as is the front desk staff. The room was rather basic, but clean, with an enclosed patio (we were on the top floor) that was plenty large enough for two couples to have tapas and wine. The A/C worked extremely well (and it was HOT in Barcelona while we were there). Beware: the beds are quite firm, so if you like them poufy, look elsewhere!I was surprised to read other reviews faulting the bathrooms. Ours was enormous (almost as large as the room!), and brand-new, with high-end fixtures and marble floor.The only real weakness was the breakfast, which was basic in the extreme.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	-1	-1	

<Author>FeeJay
<Content>Nouvel Hotel, Good Location Stayed at the Nouvel with 18 crazy chicks for a birthday Weekend.If you are going to Barcelona make sure you check its not Fiesta weekend.... Why? because all the shops are shut and there are about five times more people there, getting around was a nightmare!! Took the Bus from the Airport, Cheap and stops at the top of the Ramblas,The best thing about the Nouvel is the location, Just off the main Ramblas, down a quiet street, Its old but quite grand, lighting is very dingy in the rooms but they were clean and the shower was quite powerful, we had a room at the back of our hotel and our balcony over looked some strange courtyard, It was quite endearning to see Catalonian underpants hanging on washing lines, birds in cages and a sweet old couple shuffling about. The breakfast was ok, coffee and croissants were good but avoid the hot stuff, looked pretty sad and dried out to me, Reception staff were really helpful, especially Robert who tried to help me with the phone card I had bought, Dont buy one.. they dont work, you dial the number to activate it and its always engaged. theres a Supermarket on the Ramblas and you can buy a litre bottle of water for 39c. We only realised this after we had paid 5 Euros for two bottles! In the square is a fab cheap resturant, its just on the left hand side, the name translates to the 'Fifteen Nights' 3 course meal, drinks, coffees all for 拢14 squid each, Barg.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>jkcnwey
<Content>Noisy Full of Hen and Stag Partis The hotel was in a great location. It was basic but clean, Breakfast was basic but there was plenty of it. The main problem was that the hotel was very noisy. We could hear people in the rooms either side of us and walking around the lobbies. As the hotel was fairly reasonable there were a number of hen and Stag parties staying there therefore you can hear people coming in all night and talking in there rooms. I wouldnt stay here if you want a good nights sleep but itsgreat if your in a hen/stag party as there are plenty of people to talk too. Also the reception staff (except the old lady) were very useful and recommeded excellent bars/ restaurants.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	4	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>cinia
<Content>Looks great in the photos, but reality is diappointing Hotel is in great location, on a pedestrianised side street just off the Ramblas. Lobby is lovely. Reception staff are helpful and speak good english.Breakfast is rather poor. We stayed in a triple room, overlooking the backyard. Third bed was inferior to the other two. Bathroom was ok. No tv remote control in room; you have to get it from reception and pay a deposit. Only tv stations in spanish, catalan and polish(!).Airconditioning barely felt in the room. Tv set was placed on what must have originally a minibar (mini-fridge).Beware of most waiters in Barcelona; most will pretend they haven't seen you or bring you thins you have not ordered. This happened to us on several occasions during our one week stay, in various restaurants.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2006
<Rating>3	2	2	5	3	4	3	3	

<Author>DPG
<Content>A nice hotel, very central We stayed for 4 nights in June 2006.It is smaller type hotel, a few metres off the the Ramblas in a quiet side street. Our room was on the back of the hotel and was really quiet, a good size room with air con. Staff were friendly and helpful.Breakfast was a little dissapointing, but OK.If we went to Barcelona again I would choose the same hotel.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rach2222
<Content>muy muy dissapointing ! There are some good points to this hotel and some bad :The good are that the location was fab ! If you get the airport link bus it drops you off two minuets away ! it is right in the centre of the city so you can walk anywhere. It also has balconies on the room ours looked over the side street and was great for people watching, we even saw a parade from it ! The city is great must see segrada familia, casa balato and the cathedral v. near hotel( remeber to take a cover up for shoulders and legs) . Also the hard rock cafe is Great esp for teenagers who love music, though go in early as you have to wait for your table.Now on to the bad dun dun dun ! ....The Bathroom was nasty there were hairs from previous guests all over the floor, the mother did not like it! On our floor lobby, flowers were in a make shift vase a water bottle!! The hotel was very smoky also. it was dissapointing because the lobby ect looks great in the photos. Also there can be some noise from outside and the bin men come very early.Las ramblas can become nasty after a few days , the restarants that line it con you into litre glasses of drinks which cost a small fortune although they are fun before you realise the price. I recomend resaurants down sidestreets which have more charcter and are more relxed.I have also heard horror stories of bag stealers on las ramblas esp ppl who come on scooters and grab it , so keep a tight hold!******On the plus though, on the street with the wax measuemum there is one of the best pubs in barcelona! It is themed like an enchanted forest with a running waterfall , trees oo it was soo much fun and very cool which was great in the heat - you shld go there it was fab ! *******Also the waffles near the beach are good, also the market has great fruit which is good for a cheap lunch .Barcelona is a great city- enjoy yourself and I hope my opinions weren't completely usless.! adios  
<Date>Jul 11, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>airbuster
<Content>Great Location Stayed 4 nights in June 06 and found the hotel very pleasant. We had a room for 3 people and found it spacious and clean. There was excellent choice for breakfast. The hotel is based in the middle of a small street which has small shops, cafes and restaurants. The location of the hotel is excellent. Right at the top of the Rambles is a great place for exploring.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location for sight-seeing I recently took a trip to Barcelona, and stayed at Hotel Nouvel. Having read mixed reviews on Trip Advisor, I wasn't sure what I'd find! However, I can't really find any fault with the hotel. In terms of location, you couldn't ask for more. As this was my first visit to the city, I wanted to be in the heart of things, and just off the Las Ramblas was ideal.Ok, perhaps in some areas the hotel may need updating, but everything is kept very clean. I admit, we were lucky with our room, as we were at the back of the hotel. I didn't find it particularly noisy, and had 4 pleasant nights' sleep! But, as I say, it may have been different if I had a room at the front of the hotel. Yes, the room is basic - but these people who expect real luxury, aren't prepared to pay 5-star prices. The bathroom looked like it had recently been decorated, and new double-glazed windows were installed. All clean, and the maids were very pleasant.As for the staff at reception, I could not have asked for them to be more helpful and friendly. Any questions we had, they were always on hand to answer. The breakfast was good - with a full day's sight-seeing ahead, needed to fill myself up! Fruit, croissants, toast, rolls, jams, salami, ham, cheese, etc. Also, some hot food available, too.So, in conclusion, I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone who is planning a trip to Barcelona!  
<Date>Jul 3, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Huge disappointment in this hotel! After reading recommendations for this hotel in two travel books, we reserved a room for a week. We checked in and went to our room, where there were no guest services information, remote for the TV, etc. We went down to the lobby to inquire about: room service, none; internet, none; TV remote, we had to pay 25 euros as a deposit, the safe was to cost 1.50 euro per day, and the brown box in our room used to be an honor bar but now it just stood in the room. The room was depressing and dark. My husband and I walked out onto La Rambla and found a beautiful 5-star hotel that could accommodate us for the week. The pictures on the internet must have been taken 30 years ago. Needless to say, this was not a pleasant way to start our week in Barcelona.  
<Date>May 31, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	2	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Gaily1
<Content>Excellent four days in barcelona       Barcelona Building  
<Date>May 6, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Jess099
<Content>Lovely hotel! This is perfect spot to be staying in the hub of it all, yet down a traditional side street with plenty of atmosphere  not the huge bussle of the ramblas. We had a super trip, climbing the stairs in gaudi cathedral a must  some fantastic local tapas  3 course meal restaurants down little streets in the gothic quarter. You need to explore by foot to discover the best restaurants. We also went to a beach out the city which was well worth it for a day of relaxing in the sun called, sitges. Enjoy!!  
<Date>May 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Miami sky warrior
<Content>Good value, excellent location Great location, and value for money as well. Located very close to the Ramblas while being just far enough away to avoid the noise. Basic furnishings, but clean and pleasant. Some noise from the hallways due to tiled floors in the rooms and the hallways, it is impossible to avoid making a noise even if you try! Not recommended for anyone who wants to sleep late in the mornings! Good breakfast included in the rate, pleasant staff. Again, for location and value you cannot beat it. If you want luxury though, go somewhere else.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location We stayed two nights just before Christmas. Perfectly located in a good area just off Las Ramblas on the Gothic side near to Catalunya Square and the metro. Excellent for visiting the old city, the port and getting to anywhere in the centre and indeed anywhere else because of the proximity of the metro. Good accommodatrion with helpful and courteous staff, and absolutely no problems. We had a nice room with good bed and ensuite with balcony overlooking the narrow, atmospheric street where one could watch the world go by. Breakfast average. We didn't use the other facilities which looked fine in passing. Don't bring a car - nearby public parking costs a fortune. Good value, and what a location!  
<Date>Apr 21, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel! I recently went to Barcelona for three days with my husband and 8 month old son. I spent hours researching hotels. My main objectives in finding a hotel were to find a hotel with a great location (we wanted to be right off Las Ramblas) and a hot buffet breakfast. Hotel Nouvel met these objectives and was in our price range. The hotel is right off Las Ramblas and is only a 2 minute walk from the Metro station Catalunya. The staff was super friendly and tried to be very helpful with any questions we had. They all spoke great English as well. We were in a double twin room, which basically is two twin beds pushed together. This was great because I originally wanted a room with a double bed (so I could sleep in the same bed as my husband), but a crib could not fit into that room. The crib we requested (9 euros/day to rent) fit wonderfully in our room and we still had alot of room to get around. I peeked into a room with a double bed a maid was cleaning one day while walking down the hall, and it looked alot smaller than our room. The bathroom was very nice. The counter space was big enough to fit all our toiletries. There was great water pressure in the shower and sink. Although beware that its really hard to take a shower without getting the bathroom floor wet. There is alot of pressure and the way the shower head is situated, its hard to keep some of the water from going outside the tub. Not a big deal. The room was very clean as was the bathroom. The closet and drawer space was also very adequate. We had a small balcony overlooking a small alley. The breakfast was wonderful for me and my son. My husband wasn't too keen on it, but he is an eggs and bacon guy. There were eggs (kinda watery) something that looked like hotdogs and white beans for the hot part of the breakfast. Then there was toast, croissants, corn flakes cereal, sugar puffs cereal, yogurt and fruit. They had butter and two types of jam. There was also sliced meat and cheese. The drink selection consisted of orange juice, cold milk, coffee, coffee with milk, water and an assortment of teas. There is a pleasant sitting area and two vending machines. One sells hot drinks (coffee, etc.), and the other sells soda (no diet), water and beer. There is an elevator as well. Right outside the hotel you will find an array of shops, bakeries and restaurants. Then once you get to Las Ramblas, you can find anything you want. My only complaint would be that the walls are quite thin. I don't consider myself to be a hard or light sleeper, just average. I was never woken up by anyone, but before falling asleep I could hear people in the halls and in other rooms talking. It didn't bother me, my son and my husband; but if you are an extremely light sleeper, it might bother you. I can see our family staying here again. The location is unbeatable and the price is right.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Ideal For Long Weekend First impressions of the hotel were excellent. We were greeted by very friendly and helpful staff who were keen to ensure that our stay in the hotel and Barcelona was as pleasant as possible.Our room was large, if basic, with a good standard of cleanliness. Due to the tiled floors the noise from corridors did tend to echo in our room however, this was not a particular problem that would put us off returning to the hotel in the future.The location is ideal for the tourist with limited time, very close to the centre but situated away from the noise of the main thoroughfare.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>tallbird
<Content>Stay elsewhere The only plus side to this hotel is that the shower is powerful. Beds too short for a 5'11'' person to lie down in (my feet hung over the end) the staff on reception were incredibly rude, the main drains seemed to run past our window so we heard every flush, could hear every word from next room and every step from room above. The location is OK, but there are other hotels in this price range that offer a higher standard.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2006
<Rating>1	2	1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>rainbowstring
<Content>Great Location Hotel OK, walls very thin and could hear everything that ANYBODY done an any room. Fab location 5minutes from main square and about the same to the port. For that alone it's worth staying here.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>smanamana
<Content>superb location stayed here from 18/12 to 21/12. Location is unbeatable, just off Las Ramblas and a minute's walk from Placa Catalunya, so really good transport links. Hotel is in side street and quiet if you have a room at the back. Ours was a good size on 4th floor and seemed to have been refurbished recently, lovely bathroom.We also had a small balcony. Breakfasts were good, buffet, only the toaster a bit slow ! Friendly staff. For price we paid i'd say it was very good value. Bus turistica a good way to get to see the sights if you are short of time. All in all we would be happy to go back to see more of Barcelona and there would be no question, it would be the Nouvel where we would stay.  
<Date>Dec 22, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>arkhillgirl
<Content>Bad choice!!!!!!!! Having just returned from at short break at the Hotel Nouvel in Barcelona I would like share our bad experience. Upon arrival the hotel seemed clean and friendly and although very small the room was quiet and clean. However within an hour we were affected by cigarette smoke from the next room, wafting through the air vents. We are occasional smokers ourselves, although never in a hotel room, but found the smell really offensive and choking! Upon our complaint the staff requested the guilty occupants stand at a window and smoke! Needless to say this did not alleviate the problem and next morning we requested a different room. This time we were allocated a room overlooking a side alley, but as the hotel windows are not double glazed, the noise from below was loud, as was the noise from the hotel staff putting out garbage at 3am!! The bed (small double) was very uncomfortable and the bed linen of very poor standard, especially the pillows!! Upon further complaints the hotel staff were very unhelpful and ungraciously changed our pillows, but still these were horrible! We spent 3 very uncomfortable and sleepless nights at the Hotel Nouvel and will never return. The only saving grace was the convienient location! We have stayed in budget hotels before, and had small rooms,(Paris), but this was not worth even the budget price we paid!! Barcelona is a lovely city, with great food and shopping, shame our stay was spoiled by Hotel Nouvel!!!!!  
<Date>Nov 28, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Five star quality from a three star hotel. It is difficult to find fault with this hotel. The location is excellent - close to the top of Las Ramblas and so ideal for the local sights and for the buses and underground, but a few steps down a side street so quiet and peaceful at night. The room was clean  tidy, and the breakfast was very good. It is unusual to find a comprehensive breakfast in this price range, but the breakfast here was excellent with a good choice of hot and cold food. On top of all this, the staff were excellent - polite and very helpful.At the start of this review I said it was difficult to find fault. In fact, having thought long and hard, the only thing that I can find to criticise is that the toaster at breafast was very slow!  
<Date>Nov 18, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect position in Barcelona Just back from 4 nights at Hotel Nouvel in Barcelona. Could not hve been in a better position to see and hear all of the sights of Barcelona. Really handy for Ramblas and shopping areas. It was a bit noisy at night but it is in the centre of a very big city.Room was spacious and extremely clean, breakfast Ok if everyone in the room co-operates and doen't stand blocking things ie toaster.Staff were lovely and really helpful, we will be back, great place to stay in a fabulous city.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A safe option and well located Stayed at this hotel for 4 nights with family inc. small baby.Staff were courteous,helpful and spoke good english.Both rooms were large with balconies,very clean,and with neutral decor,just far away enough from the main commercial strip of Las Ramblas so not noisy at all.Breakfasts included hot and cold options,lots of choice and very fresh.Overall this hotel offers good value for money if you want a good breakfast to set up the day and a decent bedroom,but look elsewhere if you need a hotel with facilities.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>jeanGenieXX
<Content>A rather boring hotel but ideally situated The hotel is clean and tidy but has no atmosphere. The room we stayed in was no more than a box room though supposed to be a double, taller than it was long.It was very dark even during the day due to it opening into a very small inner courtyard. The Bathroom was clean and no problem. We found the hotel quiet, almost too quiet as the bar area was only open during lunchtime. The lounge was always empty as there was no reason to sit in there though you could get a drink ( tea, coffee, cans of drink including beer from a vending machine) Not condusive for creating a friendly atmosphere as everyone just retreated to their rooms.If you simply want a base to sightsee then the Hotel is ideal. Breakfast ok but always the same, plenty of it.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PhilandMichele
<Content>Barcelona On Your Doorstep!       Balcony view from our 1st visit in 2003  
<Date>Sep 13, 2005
<Rating>4	5	2	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A most excellent hotel The Hotel Nouvel is indeed a most excellent choice for a short stay in Barcelona. The rooms are perhaps a little basic but are very clean. However, the Hotel Nouvel's USP is its location - just off the Placa de la Catalunya and slap bang on Las Ramblas. We had a room at the back of the hotel so the noise from this vibrant city was not a problem. Another big plus of a room at the back is that you get a terrace to relax on after a day's sightseeing before hitting the tapa bars.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Sound for the Pound Cannot beat the location or price. We had no problems with noise, went to bed late and got up early to go off sightseeing so this is maybe why but that is why you come to Barcelona. Why would you want to go to bed early or sleep in late ?? The decoration may be dated but is very clean and the vending machine that sells beer is a winner. Breakfast was good, unless you were expecting a full english, but guess what it's not England!! Would return, spent four packed day's and nights in Barca but still so much left to see.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>MULLAGHMORE
<Content>Not for those who enjoy a sleep in on holiday We stayed in the Hotel Nouvel for 3 Nights in July. Yes this hotel is reasonably priced and in an excellent location just off Las Ramblas but those are the only real advantages to it. If you enjoy sleeping past 7.00am while on holiday (which I do) then I would not recommend this hotel. The cleaners begin their shift at 7.00am and from then on it is very noisy, with them shouting at each other from one end of the corridor to the other amongst other noise. We stayed in a room at the side of the hotel which backs onto an alley and there is a lot of noise coming from there Vans etc!!!! and the rebuilding of a hotel in the vacinity. My advice is if you, like me, you see a holiday as a perfect chance to have a few late sleeps then dont book here. The rooms are also very basic and small -but representative of the price!Overall Barcelona is a lovely city and not too expensive in comparison to other European cities. Then train and metro facilitites are also very efficient. If visiting make sure to go to the Port area as there are a few lovely beaches and the water is warm and clean.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NatalieLeeds
<Content>Prefect Location This hotel is in the prefect location and very central to everything. It is just off the La Ramalas but not noisy at all. The breakfast was o.k. but nothing to shout about. The only downside to this hotel was the tiny room. The bed took up all the space!! The bathroom was bigger....oh and the view out of the window....looked out onto the guttering!! We didn't mind thou as we didn't spend any time in it only to sleep at night. The rooms are very clean and beds made daily.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2005
<Rating>4	3	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>cheekychipmunk
<Content>Don't go i stayed here for 6 days a few years ago and vowed never to go back. The problem with it was that we got a tiny room, the bed filled it, and the bathroom was so small that you had to squeeze into it, shut the door and the shower was behind where the door had been. The hotel looks very period themed but it lacks alot in all areas from rooms to breakfast and atmosphere. To be fair the staff at reception were helpful when i enquired about resturants etc. It was in a great location right in the middle of the Barri Gotic.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lovely Hotel We found this hotel to be clean, reasonably priced, well run and convenient for getting around Barcelona.We stayed on the third floor in newly renovated rooms that were lovely. The breakfast was a little basic and there could have been more choice.The hotel was just off Las Ramblas and close to the metro and bus stops. It was ideal as a base for seeing the sights.Generally we found it a lovely place to stay and would certainly go back there.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>macca58
<Content>Great Hotel Just got back and had a fantastic stay. The staff were excellent and the hotel was brilliantly situated for all the major sites. Go and enjoy yourself!!  
<Date>May 12, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>AliceInHerPartyDress
<Content>Great hotel just off Las Ramblas       Hotel Nouvel Carrer de Santa Anna  
<Date>Apr 17, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I love this hotel, I really love it隆隆隆 After staying in a lot of chain hotels, I wanted to try a non chain hotel.and I've found my hotel from now on隆隆隆The location is simply THE BEST.The prices are not expensive, for the great location隆隆隆隆The rooms are ok, mine was quite big,and they're very very clean.The breakfast room is so nice,special.... and the breakfast is quite good.But the nice thing is the special environment of the building, there is something on the air of this last century decorated hotel, that captivated me.It seemed as If I were in the middle of Gone with the wind and Scarlett O'Hara was coming down from the marble stair near the reception. I Love this special and unique hotel in Barcelona, that's for sure隆隆隆ah, Staff at the front desk is very friendly.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice, clean, friendly Hotel in a great location A perfectly pleasant hotel and better than expected from the reviews I read AFTER I'd booked it!! Room was absolutely huge - basic but very clean (and I'm a bit fussy!) and was all we needed for the weekend. Surely no-one goes to a city to stay in their room... so we had a fabulous time. Reception staff very pleasant. Most noise came from within the Hotel when the maid started her shift (I think), so probably time to get up anyway! Very reasonably priced and wouldn't hesitate to recommend this very central hotel.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2005
<Rating>3	5	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>zcakv56
<Content>Would definitely return This hotel is in a great location within easy reach of all the sights but in a side street off Las Ramblas so was nice and quiet at night. Easy to get to if you are taking the train there from the airport too. The staff were very friendly and helpful and the bathroom immaculate with both a bathtub and a shower attachment. I had a good size room with a nice firm bed but a friend of mine got quite a small room so I guess it's just luck of the draw. The walls are quite thin but I wasn't that bothered by it as my neighbours were hardly in at the same times as me. Buffet breakfast wasn't great but for a week, who cares? Overall a good experience.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location but...... the down side was the noise - we had a room at the front of the hotel overlooking the street. We stayed for 3 nights the first night being a Saturday and I don't think I slept for more than a couple of hours and those were after 6am! The Sunday and Monday were quieter. The room was OK but disapointed that there was only a half size bath. To sum up The hotel is very well placed and has lots of character but I would advise asking for a room away from the street and with a big bathroom. Enjoy Barcelona!  
<Date>Mar 3, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel! We have just returned from a four night stay at the hotel. We were really apprehensive having seen so many negative reviews, but needn't have worried. The reception staff were really helpful, the room was great - very traditional but comfortable and clean. We had a triple room and there was plenty of room. We also had a balcony which looked over a central area of other apartments. Not very pretty but nice to be able to sit out and hear the chatter of local people! Overall I would highly recommend this hotel. Excellent value for money and a great location.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very nice hotel in great location My husband and I have just returned from a 3 night stay in Barcelona. We were recommended this hotel by my parents who'd stayed the previous year and I would definitely recommend this to anyone else looking for somewhere to stay just off the Ramblas. The location couldn't be better for sightseeing, shopping, restaurants and bars and is also just around the corner from the airport bus stop and the tour buses. Our room wasn't exactly large, but certainly big enough for what we needed, and we were lucky enough to get a huge beautifully appointed bathroom with an enormous whirlpool bath! This came in very handy after a long day's walk around the city! We overlooked the street but didn't find it noisy in the mornings as some other guests have commented. The breakfast was OK, typically Spanish, but plenty to eat/drink. We've heard the restaurant is very good but unfortunately it's closed Mon-Wed evenings when we were there, but there is plenty of choice within easy walking distance so this wasn't a problem. They are currently redecorating within the hotel which is a beautiful old building with lots of character. The reception staff were very friendly and helpful. We would definitely return on our next trip to the city.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>janetk
<Content>Recommended We stayed here 1-3 Dec 04. Hotel was in a very convenient location for both nightlife and sight seeing. we did not encounter any problems with noise. Our room was rather small, however the hotel was very clean and good value for money. Reception staff friendly and helpfull. A good bar to go to for live music is the London bar which is by the hotel Gaudi off Las ramblas, also worth a vist is The Conondrum bar by the Best Western Regina hotel.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2004
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>jules-2004
<Content>Cheap and cheerful As soon as we arrived, we were greeted with a very friendly welcome by the reception staff. This hotel is very central and we found this very helpful when sightseeing etc. The rooms are clean and the staff are friendly - what more can you ask for.Quite noisy at night but then you are central.Loved Barcelona.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just what the doctor ordered My wife and I arrived on the night train from Nice and were able to check-in before 10 am and clean up before seeing Barcelona. The reception guy could not have been friendlier and spoke great English. The room was nice and big and most importantly the a/c worked great.The location and price were great. The room was very clean but you're getting what you pay for with respect to the amenities and breakfast. We had no problem with noise and would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kickingbird_uk
<Content>Don't stay here if you value your sleep. I was rather disappointed as the hotel is a shabbier, backstreet version of what you see on the photos. The rooms were ok and breakfast is the usual affair of desiccated ham and rubberised cheese. However, you will probably be unable to appreciate the culinary delights of the breakfast table as you will have been kept awake all night by local drivers attempting to deliver their goods to the nearby shops by ramming into them. Don't stay here if you value your sleep.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Oakvale
<Content>Not a 3-Star Hotel!!! The Nouvel does not deserve to have a 3-star rating. At best it is a two-star hotel, and a poor one at that. The photos on the hotels website are misleading. It is a dark and dingy hotel with poor standard rooms. Breakfast is poor, served in a restaurant (?) attached to but not owned by the hotel. Barcelona is well worth visiting - do not spoil your stay there by staying in this pathetic hotel. I noted other 3-star hotels on my travels round the city and most appeared to be of a much better standard. The Nouvel's location is good - right off the top of the Ramblas but quite honestly staying on the Ramblas isn't really necessary. You can get to the Ramblas from aywhere - once seen that's it! Again - do not spoil your stay in Barcelona by using this hotel!!  
<Date>Jul 29, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location but ...... My partner, daughter and I spent a 4 nights at the Nouvel hotel. Excellent location, nicely maintained and helpful staff. The rooms are a good size with your own terrace and a large bathroom. But if youre a light sleeper then forget about it! Maybe it was just our luck in getting noisy neighbours, but it seems that the dividing walls between rooms are made from paper. Every noise made in the room next to us was heard and seemed to be amplified. Breakfast was a pretty basic, but gives you something to start the day with. I wont go back to this particular hotel, but Barcelona itself is a must see.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Athole
<Content>Good value, central, visitor-friendly hotel June 2004We were in Barcelona for a short city break, and the siting of this hotel could not have been better - very central - just along a quiet side street off the Rambla, very close to the P. Catalunya. The city tours, the shops, and restaurants were all right on the doorstep. The hotel itself was good value - the decor and fittings were attractive, although the first impression at the reception desk was a bit disappointing. The staff were very helpful. There was still a bit of decorating going on on the 4th floor.Overall, we were very pleased with our stay.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Experience   showReview(2229734, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 29, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel for the City Centre   showReview(2204701, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 18, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Location over comfort   showReview(2129915, 'full');   
<Date>May 30, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Good but not 100% value for money choise   showReview(1766283, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 6, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful for a city weekend   showReview(1648266, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 13, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Indiegoddess
<Content>Makes me not want to stay in a period hotel again   showReview(1615032, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 27, 2004
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Disappointment   showReview(1510997, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 9, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great position   showReview(1371334, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 29, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location shame about the room   showReview(1220070, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 9, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location shame about our view!   showReview(993833, 'full');   
<Date>May 11, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LorenzoToscana
<Content>Qualit脿/Prezzo troppo alto   showReview(21403560, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 30, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	5	1	2	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gute Lage, mittelm盲脽ige Ausstattung   showReview(20553017, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Buon hotel   showReview(19630545, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>hotel comodo   showReview(19630544, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 30, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>J'y retournerai, lors d'un prochain voyage 脿 Barcelone   showReview(19630542, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bien plac茅 et beau b芒timent ancien   showReview(19630539, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Vacanza indimenticabile   showReview(19630537, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gut geeignet f眉r eine Stadttour   showReview(19630535, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tr猫s bien situ茅   showReview(19630534, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 24, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel in Super Lage   showReview(19630543, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 17, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>super Lage   showReview(19630538, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 15, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	2	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Une situation id茅ale pour visiter Barcelone   showReview(19630541, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 15, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>super zentrales Hotel mit gutem Preisleistungsverh盲ltnis   showReview(19630533, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 8, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>zentral, nett, sehr kleine Zimmer, freundlich   showReview(19630532, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 8, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	2	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sch枚nes Hotel in Top-Lage   showReview(19630531, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 7, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>TATYFLY79
<Content>ok l'hotel nouvel   showReview(18630538, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>posso trovare di meglio   showReview(18530004, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo per l'ubicazione in pieno centro   showReview(18530003, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 23, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Une bonne adresse   showReview(18529997, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>nous y retournerions avec plaisir   showReview(18530001, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 12, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Satisfaite   showReview(17438642, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 25, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nettes Hotel in bester Lage   showReview(17438644, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 23, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>einfach fantastisch!   showReview(17438643, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 20, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>bello e in posizione strategica   showReview(17438624, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 18, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>calme et confort au centre de Barcelone   showReview(17438625, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 15, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Immer wieder   showReview(17438623, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 11, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottima posizione   showReview(17438622, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 9, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ideale Lage f眉r Stadtbesichtigung   showReview(17438621, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 7, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(17438620, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 5, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Posizione eccellente   showReview(16588577, 'full');   
<Date>May 31, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tolle Lage   showReview(16588583, 'full');   
<Date>May 30, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bedenkenlos wieder!   showReview(16588578, 'full');   
<Date>May 29, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sch枚nes Haus in zentraler Lage   showReview(16588575, 'full');   
<Date>May 21, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tr猫s bon h么tel bien situ茅 en Centre ville   showReview(16588573, 'full');   
<Date>May 16, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Correct   showReview(16588571, 'full');   
<Date>May 15, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel perfetto!   showReview(16588570, 'full');   
<Date>May 5, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>gute Lage f眉r Erkundung zu Fu脽 (gotisches Viertel, Rambla)   showReview(16588565, 'full');   
<Date>May 3, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	2	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Zentrales Hotel mit gutem Fr眉hst眉ck   showReview(16588564, 'full');   
<Date>May 3, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>discreto hotel per un week end   showReview(16588569, 'full');   
<Date>May 2, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	2	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Super f眉r Kurztrips!   showReview(16588563, 'full');   
<Date>May 2, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Zentral gelegenes Hotel   showReview(15570854, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	1	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nous y retournerons probablement l'ann茅e prochaine, avec les enfants   showReview(15570846, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 28, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bon rapport emplacement / qualit茅 / prix   showReview(15570845, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 28, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Auf jeden Fall zu empfehlen!   showReview(15570844, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 26, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(15570842, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 25, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>h么tel tr猫s bien situ茅   showReview(15570837, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 22, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>viel zu laut   showReview(15570839, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Toplage   showReview(15570838, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 14, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>jederzeit wieder   showReview(15570829, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 14, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>camera da letto   showReview(15570840, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 11, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>bon hotel pour court s茅jour   showReview(15570836, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 10, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gute Lage   showReview(15570828, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 9, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(15570827, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 3, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Pensez aux boules Quill猫s   showReview(15570826, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>ParisVyg
<Content>emplacement id茅al pour une prestation assez simple   showReview(14548538, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 26, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Guter Durchschnitt   showReview(14730754, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>top lage   showReview(14730745, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>bonnes prestations et surtout excellente localisation   showReview(14730753, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 16, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>F眉r einen kurzen St盲dtetrip ideal   showReview(14730742, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 14, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tres bonne qualit茅,et tres centrale   showReview(14730752, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 13, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bon choix   showReview(14730743, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 12, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>hotel bien plac茅 mais un peu veillot   showReview(14730741, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 11, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>prestations satisfaisantes dans l'ensemble   showReview(14730740, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 8, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr茅s bon h么tel 脿 Barcelone   showReview(13979379, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 26, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Barcelona 2008   showReview(13979372, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 10, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>beste lage f眉r stadterkundung   showReview(13979373, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 10, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Zentrale Lage und doch ruhig   showReview(13979371, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 7, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>ci tornerei   showReview(13979378, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 7, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Beste Lage   showReview(13979370, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 7, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s satisfaite. Je reprendrai le m锚me h么tel si je retourne 脿 Barcelone   showReview(13197755, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 28, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Prestations honn锚tes, mais tr猫s mauvaise insonorisation des chambres !!   showReview(13197752, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 9, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bonne situation en centre ville   showReview(13197746, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 9, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sylvester 07/08   showReview(13197745, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 7, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>gerne wieder   showReview(13197744, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 5, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Super Altstadtlage   showReview(11305680, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 29, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(11305677, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 24, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Empfehlenswert f眉r Stadtbesichtigungnen   showReview(11305679, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 22, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>sauber und zentrale Lage   showReview(11305676, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 22, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Confort zero, localisation dix   showReview(11305678, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 17, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Romantisches Hotel in der Altstadt.   showReview(11305675, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 16, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>derrymaine
<Content>Tr猫s bonne adresse   showReview(10733773, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>d茅莽u   showReview(11305674, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 5, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>H么tel correct dans l'ensemble   showReview(11305673, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 3, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Posizione strategica, comodo, pulito e tranquillo.   showReview(11659240, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 23, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nettes, zentral gelegenes Hotel   showReview(11659241, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 17, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Super lage - nettes Personal   showReview(11659242, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 17, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍊ゆ銇倧銈娿伀銇偘銉冦儔鈽?#x201d;   showReview(19165385, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 13, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Wegen der guten Lage gerne wieder   showReview(11659239, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 11, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ideales Stadthotel   showReview(11659238, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 8, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Atmosph盲risches Hotel mitten in der Stadt   showReview(11659237, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 5, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Super Lage, trotzdem Nachtruhe - immer wieder   showReview(11659235, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 29, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ideal f眉r St盲dtereise   showReview(11659234, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 26, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>good value for money!   showReview(11659233, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 17, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Lo consiglierei sicuramente.   showReview(11659236, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 16, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Citylage f眉r etwas Anspruchslose   showReview(11437114, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr zentral, schon fast ein Geheimtipp   showReview(11437086, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Mitten drin im Geschehen, aber ruhige Lage   showReview(11437078, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 9, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>sauberes, altes Altstadthotel   showReview(11437076, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>D茅ception   showReview(11437081, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 28, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	2	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Croissant art d茅co   showReview(11437079, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 24, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>gerne wieder   showReview(11491748, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 11, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Angenehmes Hotel f眉r Leute die Mitten im Centrum sein wollen   showReview(11491747, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 9, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>kann man weiter empfehlen   showReview(11491746, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 7, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>non male   showReview(11491730, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 5, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(11417890, 'full');   
<Date>May 30, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>shelleyheart8
<Content>Fantastico   showReview(7638970, 'full');   
<Date>May 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(11417889, 'full');   
<Date>May 15, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>ruhiges, sauberes Hotel in g眉nstiger Lage   showReview(11417888, 'full');   
<Date>May 12, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>empfehlenswert   showReview(11417887, 'full');   
<Date>May 11, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>sehr sch枚nes, zentral gelegenes jugendstilhotel   showReview(11417886, 'full');   
<Date>May 10, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Perfekte Lage   showReview(11417885, 'full');   
<Date>May 10, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Zentral gelegen und Jugendstilcharme mit angenehmer Modernisierung   showReview(11417884, 'full');   
<Date>May 10, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nous y retournons d茅s que possible   showReview(11417883, 'full');   
<Date>May 10, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>delkiki
<Content>un bon choix pour   showReview(7419744, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 23, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>M眉脽te mal wieder renoviert werden   showReview(11402469, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 19, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>emplacement privil猫gi茅   showReview(11402468, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 18, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>hotel valido per passarci qualche giorno   showReview(11396802, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 27, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>le bonheur   showReview(11396796, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 14, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel convivial tr猫s bien situ茅   showReview(11396795, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 2, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>D茅cevant   showReview(11391980, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 8, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bon hotel de caract猫re   showReview(11385352, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 10, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Super Lage   showReview(11391979, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 7, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>hotel eccellente.   showReview(11383140, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 31, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>H么tel sympathique tr猫s bien situ茅   showReview(11375309, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 27, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>H么tel avec un charme d茅suet qui change des hotels standards impersonnels   showReview(11375308, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 11, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>sehr gerne wieder   showReview(11364903, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 8, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Superlage   showReview(11364902, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 4, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(11354207, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 26, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(11354206, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 26, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Preiswert bei guter Lage   showReview(11354205, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	2	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>G眉nstig gelegen und preiswert   showReview(11354204, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>entt盲uscht   showReview(11354203, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Legerement de莽us   showReview(11336785, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 27, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

