<Author>NashvilleReunion
<Content>Delightful place! We stayed here after 3 days in Old San Juan to relax. The hotel was great, check in was quick. I had requested a first floor room (my husband recently had a knee replacement) and they gave us one just off the pool and a very short walk to the sea. The room was pleasant and had plenty of room in the closet and drawers and tons of cabinet space in the bathroom. Also a small bar area with coffee maker and refrigerator. There is a Walmart just a few exits away and I went out and got some snacks and drinks and a $3 cooler to take to the beach. The hottub was huge and actually had a few good jets. Everything was quiet all the time. There is a beach bar, but it is not associated with the hotel, so you can't charge to your room. But they make great mojitos and pina coladas. The wine bar at the horel is very nice. They will serve you in glass or to go cups, if you want to wander. It's a little pricey, but we found every thing to be in Puerto Rico. The restaurant is wonderful. Don't mind the prices. You get more than you pay for. I had some of the best (and biggest) salmon I've ever had! Even the burger is good (we split one one evening and it was plenty). The little coffee shop had great lattes and provided us with all the ice we needed.The desk was friendly and helpful.The pool bar was not open a single time while we were there, that was a disappointment. The rest was great.  
<Date>Dec 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>PRLOVERBostom
<Content>Good but not great - just book for 2nd visit in Jan 09 Ok, have re-read the reviews and here it is straight. Disclaimer: I stayed last Jan for 4 nights  am returning again this Jan for 4 nights but am doing so because I am using Starwood (Sheraton) points for a free stay (same deal last year) BUT WITH ALL THE BEACH SIDE OPTIONS IN PR I WOULD NOT SPEND HARD EARNED CASH ON THIS PLACE. Sheraton only has 1 beach side property (the Palmas Del Mar) in PR after getting rid of the Rio in 2007 which is an AWESOME 5 star RESORT but it now run by Wyndham so no more Starwood point stay :-( . HOTEL:The hotel (as posted by others - this is not a resort) is 3 stars so the rooms are just ok. They rehabbed the hotel at some point and the place looks great but they did not completely redo the rooms (fresh paint only) so the rooms are a little run down. There is no elevator so bags, ect have to be literally dragged upstairs by the bell hop (not a deal breaker but I thought it was a bit odd). The lobby and hotel staff are nice although I found that not everyone is fluent in English so anything short of a simple question sometimes is a challenge. The problem is that the pool side bar  restaurant are contracted out and not run by the hotel (although it is in the hotel). So service is spotty  very poor at best  to keep cost down regularly understaffed (thus the complaints by others about bar tenders missing ect). My favorite move by the subcontracted pool bar staff was watching the bar tender open  pound down a beer after arriving to open the bar and start her shift at 10AM, really classy move. I could not believe it but she cracked it open and just shot down the whole thing, I do have to say I was a bit impressed, (she is defiantly in the right line of work). Over the 5 days I watched her mess up 1/2 of the lunch orders not just because she was probably buzzed but because her English was very limited to the point that unless you pointed to what you wanted off of the menu or ordered in Spanish (my wife's Spanish got us by) you stood a 50% chance of not getting what you wanted (I watched this happen every day, very amusing). They serve a light lunch menu - she doesn't cook thankfully only takes orders and makes drinks.FOOD: The pool side bar makes a descent lunch and the restaurant a decent dinner but as with any tourist trap it is pricey but that is generally unavoidable anywhere you go on vaca. There is a beach side bar also that is not run by the hotel (you cant charge drinks or food to the room) friendly staff good drinks but the food is pricey. The daily special is the Durado, served as an entire fish, very tasty but it is not on the menu, just posted on a paper sign with no price so when the bill came I was surprised that it was close to $20 for just the fish. Worth it, maybe, I felt that it was a bit of disingenious considering the rest of the menu items (they serve lunch only) where no more than $10 (sandwiches, burgers, etc) so buyer beware. The beach bar closes at 5 or so get your last pina colada order in before they start cleaning up to close.BEACH:The beach is a short 1-2 min walk from the hotel ( you have to walk through a path on the greens of the golf course). The beach is shared by locals and folks from the many adjacent condos/complexes. Beach chairs are sometimes a premium and even though the Hotel keeps beach chairs for their guests they are often taken by others. The pool attendant does patrol the beach from time to time to make sure that Hotel guests have chairs but it is hit or miss. There were 2 attendants that seemed to alternate work days, one guy was great about attending to the beach the other preferred to not work so hard and avoided the beach only coming down if someone walked all the way back to the pool to get him. The beach is regularly patrolled by police on ATV who stopped one day and asked if my 2 yr old wanted to sit on it for a photo, a very nice unsolicited gesture (no, he wasn't looking for a tip, my guess has a small one at home  just appreciated a family enjoying their 2 yr old). So the beach is definitely safe, clean,  welcoming.POOL:The pool was not very busy when we were there so we had the run of it for the most part (at times there were a few other people at most). My guess is that guests are playing tennis, golf, horse back riding, beach, everywhere but the pool. Pool side is a great place to read a book and watch the bar staff pound beer  mess up lunch orders, kidding aside it is quiet with 3 different pools as memory serves me (1 deeper that is a swim up to the bar, one large hot tub and 1 small kiddie pool.AREA:Impressive gated community with golf carts running around everywhere (we had rented a car at the airport, plus, a baby seat doesn't work well in a golf cart). There are some restaurants but I wasn't overly impressed. I plan to explore our dining options further on our upcoming trip. There are limited options in the community if you need conveniences (market, dry goods, etc) but the nearby town has a Walgreens. I have traveled through different parts of PR the last 2 winters and did not feel very safe in Humacao. There are people asking for change at the intersections (clearly junkies), I have not seen this in the other parts of PR that I have passed through (not that we don't see this in the US or other places in the Caribbean but it does explain why the Palmas Del Mar gated community exists). One other event comes to mind when I saw 3 guys in their 20s shuffling around the hotel, looking out of place (locals - they were wearing jackets - a dead give away, it is winter in PR after all) and then hotel security hurrying after them, obviously up to no good but I was glad to see they were on top of it. One other warning - THEY CHARGE FOR PARKING - PER DAY. I didn't think that was necessary at all  felt it was just another way into your pocket. The closet lot is a good walk from the hotel (unless you catch a ride from a golf cart maybe).CONCLUSION:Not a place to go on a honeymoon (or maybe it is) or the once in 10 year Caribbean vaca (or maybe it is) but you get what you pay for so if you compare this place to others it is either a good value or complete rip off. Luckily for me it only cost me taxes and parking.  
<Date>Dec 21, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	3	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>alfundo
<Content>Very expensive, bad services, ridiculous breakfast This hotel is definitely not a good compromise. My wife and I travel a lot all around the world. This is the first time, we have decided to write on this web site. We are very disappointed.Very expensive (180USD) for a very small room, dirty.The 鈥淐ontinental Breakfast鈥?is ridiculous: 1 bagel + 1 caf茅 + 1 butter (extra butter : 0.25USD). That鈥檚 all !The service is awful.In a few words: To avoid imperatively  
<Date>Nov 29, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	2	4	

<Author>portadelsol
<Content>Magic Nights at Fourt Points Palmas Del Mar       The Beach at Palmas del Mar Sheraton  
<Date>Oct 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jumpoutcop
<Content>Loved Four Points Well, checked in at the resort after a major storm had destroyed most of the south. Couldn鈥檛 even tell the resort had been hit. The grounds were clean and looked just like the pictures. The Sheraton was located in the middle of million dollar homes on a big golf course surrounded by a big fence. The property looked incredible. The resort was empty. Not very many people there which was very nice!!! Had the pool and beach to ourselves. The beach is about a one-minute walk down a path. The beach was nice (not as nice as the Dominican) and the water was clear and very warm. The room was just ok!!! Nothing fancy. The staff at the hotel was very helpful. Everyone was so nice and went out of their way to make you feel at home. The food was awesome!!! Never had a bad meal the week I was there. You should rent a car. There are a lot of nice restaurants on the other side of the property that you can鈥檛 walk to. The casino was kind of small but no complaints. My wife won $1000.00 playing Roulette, which paid for our entire trip. While your there, you must go to Culebra Island on the snorkeling trip. There is a tour company called East Winds that will take you for 89.00 per person for about 8 hours. The boat leaves from a small town about 25 minutes from the resort. BEST BEACH I HAVE EVER BEEN TO IN MY ENTIRE LIFE!!!!!!! Culebra is an incredible place that makes you feel like you have no problems. Looks like something you would see in a dream. Well we will definitely be back as soon as possible. If you looking for exciting nightlife this is not your place...kind of slow...but slow is good!!!!  
<Date>Sep 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>NewYorkPapi
<Content>Had a good time. Great location. Lots of room for improvement       Small bar and grill on the beach.. in case you get hungry or "thirsty"  
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	5	3	3	3	3	

<Author>kstewsc
<Content>Beautiful Resort...crappy service       Palmas Del Mar beach  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>3	2	4	5	3	5	1	-1	

<Author>seegirltravel
<Content>Beautiful Hotel - Terrible Service Pulling up to the hotel our expectations were high. The buildings brightly colored, green lush expansive grounds, right on the beach. The service was horrible. Valet was not present, check in was a pain, the only bar open was at the pool and it was very low on stock. The bartenders were not in uniform and were talking their cell phones. The pool was small and crowded. The pool towels kept at the front desk and not at the pool. After swimming in the ocean we returned to our room to shower for dinner and learned that there were no towels...at all...in our room. They were not available. We had to ask to use pool towels and were told No, they're pool towels. Not shower towels. WHAT? Aren't towels....towels? Room service is not 24 hours. Agh. I will say the bellhop was helpful. That's my only positive service comment. The room was clean and had a good view. So basically if you stay here, pack your own towels, self park your car, plan on going to the beach not the pool, and bring your own bar!  
<Date>Aug 16, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>pstvnrgy
<Content>Beautiful property, AMAZING staff!!! I stayed at this hotel August 7-11. It was my first time to Puerto Rico. I was so impressed by the friendliness of the staff. They truly understand the spirit of service. I was there with a friend to help her spread the ashes of her late husband. The hotel manager, Jessica, went out of her way to drive my friend and I to a local church and then to the marina. The concierge, Hector, was awesome! He helped us to rent a car and book a kayaking excursion in the bioluminescent bay, which was fabulous! He also set up our transportation back to San Juan Airport. He even gave us a ride to a local restaurant! Everyone at the Front Desk was beyond accomodating. I went up there one night at 1AM because I was hungry and wanted to know if there was a vending machine with snacks. The front desk lady called the security guard who walked me to the employee breakroom and let me use their vending machine. My friend lost her glasses in the water and Christopher at the front desk checked lost and found and ended up finding a comprable pair to get her through her trip home! Everyone at the property was smiling! The gift shop was out of bug spray and Jessica lent me hers to use while I was there! I would recommend this property to anyone! It was clean and comfortable, the beach is beautiful, and the staff was top notch! Thank you thank you for helping making my first trip to Puerto Rico so wonderful! It is the people that make a place and you all certainly understand that concept! I'll be back someday! ps. I also won $400 in the casino on a penny slot! :) Woo Hoo!  
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ziblets_2004
<Content>Nice for short term stay       driving by the golf course  
<Date>Aug 3, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>ValueSeekers
<Content>A Terrific Surprise We were two couples on vacation, sampling all the Starwood properties in Puerto Rico, booking only one night at this hotel, not expecting much. We've stayed at some of the best resorts in the hemisphere--the Palmas del Mar was quite a surprise--one of the best values possible.The management was incredibly accomodating, staff couldn't have been more helpful. . The value comes in taking advantage of the facilities of the huge and lovely Palmas del Mar properties that surround the hotel. The golf courses looked great and the tennis center (easy walking distance) was one of the best and most friendly we've seen (hardcourt, rubberized as well as clay courts). The beach is endless and uncrowded.Another astounding surprise was finding one of the restaurants on the surrounding property--Candelero--easily one of the best five restaurants we have ever visited, from Europe to Hawaii. Fairly new, not expensive and with the most sophisticated wine selection in Puerto Rico, we ate there every chance we could. It will be discovered one of these days as a destination restaurant but in early 2008, reservations or dropping in was still easy.The fancy French restaurant in the Marina was disappointing and overpriced. We never ate in the formal hotel restaurant but the breakfast and snack place at the hotel was easy and delightful.The small casino was tidy, had slots, blackjack and roulette and is quieter than most. The wine bar (and sometimes deli) has a good selection. We can't comment on the spa services, but it was nice to know they were available. The rooms were just fine, had Internet service and cable TV, but you wouldn't want to spend all your time inside. At least at the time we were there, we liked the clientele, much less uptight than folks in the luxury resorts near San Juan.OK, it wasn't the Ritz---you couldn't be sure you'd find a beach chair, the rental electric carts were a bit expensive, the pool seemed a little chilly---but this was one heck of a value. We extended our stay as long as possible, then paid four times the price per night at a luxury resort nearer San Juan. There was no comparison per dollar!Allan/Barbara/Carol/Chris from Washington DC  
<Date>May 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>gsf51855
<Content>Stay Away if Possible Due to our firm having a corporate account with Sheraton, we have no choice but to stay at this hotel Been here 12 times in the past 3 months. Check in and valet not a problem. Friendly, courteous, effective. The rooms are another story. Building 2 is kind of strange. i was upgraded and given a room accross from the pool. The room did not have a couch, available plugs for a lap top (I had to buy a plug strip at Walmart), toilet paper, or hot water. The engineering staff advised me to run the hot water for 10 minutes in the morning as too many people are showering at 6am. Kind of strange request, but it did not work. I ended up bathing in the hot tub one early morning, until the engineering staff got the point. The problem... hot and cold knobs were reversed. It took them 3 days to figure it out. The couch was replaced the day before I checked out. the casino is kind of strange. When the players at the blackjack table are winning, they add 2 more decks of cards to the chute. At the roulete table, if you're slightly ahead, they spin the ball very quickly, not allowing you to place bets on several numbers. Don't waste your money here drive 45 minutes to the casinos in San Juan.  
<Date>May 2, 2008
<Rating>2	3	1	3	1	5	1	1	

<Author>NIBOREEL
<Content>Employee Group visits Four Points (Robin, Muneer, Gerard)       Waterfall in front of the hotel  
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Matz53
<Content>Nearly perfect !       Beach bar at the Hotel Beach  
<Date>Apr 26, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TVPhotog
<Content>Same as the others Stayed at Four Points by Sheraton Palmas del Mar Resort over the Easter weekend.As most of the other reviews on this site I feel the same way.The customer service needs some real work with the Resort if they want to be a true four star stay. The person who checked us in was very nice and helpful but after that it was good luck.We are mid-western whitey and cant speak Spanish well and that would have helped a bit more if we did even though everyone spoke English.We stayed with a wedding party and the wedding events were at the Country Club which was on the Palmas property. The Country Club gets it. They have customer service and they back it up with help when needed. The Palmas area that the Members that live there use has a solid bunch of workers who know that the members are their bread and butter.The Sheraton is just a hotel plopped in the middle of the resort property. Rooms were fair but as others have written here the rooms had some issues. Strange layout of the room. No queen size beds only full at our stay. We had a king non-smoking saved for over three weeks. We get there and there is only a smoking king...or the full...two people in a full for three nights at the Resort. Tricky. We didnt want the smoking so we took the full. The placed was packed because of the holiday so we slept CLOSE.Find another place to eat outside the hotel resturant. It is called Sebastian's. We called it Se-BAD-stians. Once again no service...dinner was late and wrong dishes were delivered...and no real apology.I know Island Time thats BS. Do the job. Do it right. Turn the tables and get good word of mouth and this place could make real money and solid tips. DO NOT GO TO THIS RESTAURANT. We had a expensive dinner at Chez Daniel at the marina.Stay here and know it is just a hotel that is average. Fairly close to the beach not on it. Tight Casino with some strange way of dealing blackjack. It sits on a LARGE resort community that is very beautiful. Once was enough at this hotel...if you want to stay look at renting the villas on the property and stay on your own terms.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	3	3	3	2	-1	

<Author>jbro2
<Content>A nice resort. Me and my wife just stayed for 3 nights. Our maid was awesome. The rooms were nice. The hotel lobby staff were very helpful with whatever we needed. We did not like the beach because the waves were rough, but that is the only reason. The pool is nice, but smaller than other hotels we've stayed at and it does not have any lighting for night swimming however it is still open to swim. The pool bar staff were nice but the food was not nor was the food in Sebastians restaurant. It was awful and they charge above average prices. The david's cookies shop was nice to go to in the morning for coffee and bagel or danish. I would stay again, it is in a gated community with palm trees everywhere and right on the golf course. The grounds were beautiful.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2008
<Rating>3	3	5	4	4	4	5	4	

<Author>bbrambo
<Content>Don't Understand the Bad Reviews of Four Points??       Down Rt #3-Naguabo-by the ocean-Great Seafood-20 min from Hotel  
<Date>Mar 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>nadia759
<Content>Agreed - Service Lousy I agree with all of the previous reviews. Grounds are lovely (though not out of this world) and beach was ok. Rooms were totally acceptable. The service was totally subpar. So was the food. I waited an hour at the pool bar for a sandwich which was never made. After the third time I followed up, I heard the staff actually placing the order! When I canceled they were upset with me. Huh? My friend ordered a pizza with pesto at the pool bar only to be handed a cheese pizza. When they asked for pesto, the staff was unfriendly and said there was no pesto. Uhm? Maybe warn her beforehand? Menu was limited and food was blah. Where was the delicious tropical stuff? Its interesting that a resort manager seems to read these reviews. Hopefully they'll pass along these reviews and we'll see improvement. I, for one, am not going back.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>wickedced
<Content>Substandard service - but at least the grounds are fabulous We arrived at Palmas Del Mar with the understanding that it was not going to be out of this world, service wise. I had read all the reviews and so we were on alert. The staff did not disappoint. From waiting over 90 minutes for our room to be ready at check-in to not having the room made-up until after 4pm everyday to service at the bar and restaurant that was as slow as turtles, overall there is a general apathetic and disinterested customer service attitude.The beach was beautiful though. And nothing was terribly expensive. Upon returning home - I chatted with several friends who indicated they got this kind of treatment in PR and other islands as well. So evidently this is what Carib customer service is all about.If you go to this hotel - go with a lot of patience and enjoy the beauty of the place. Just try to not let the customer service get to you.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	3	2	1	1	3	

<Author>peterwuniversal
<Content>It is not the Ritz Carlton but worth the excursion. It was several months since I visited the property so my exact details may be a little misrepresented, however...The trip to Palmas Del Mar from San Juan was painless and enjoyable. We rented a car and easily found our way to the highway. It took about 1 1/2 hours from the rental car place to the hotel. I called them once for exact directions while enroute and was given very specific instructions with landmarks (very helpful).The highways are very good and the mountains scenery is very beautiful. Apon reaching Palmas Del Mar the entrance and grounds are stunning. Palatious golf course and impeccable maintenance. The hotel is located within the planned gated community and although is not 4 or 5 star, for the price was comfortable. The jr suites in the main building have shared glass walls with the main corridor. I chose to take a deluxe room in a different building closer to the beach and overseeing the pool. The pool was small but attractive and the staff friendly. The beach here was beautiful and very relaxing. Not many people at all and just breathtakingh scenery. Much different than San Juan. I would definitely come back here just for the surroundings and even though the hotel was not very high end, it is one of only a few hotels in the area and worth the trip.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	2	5	4	3	3	4	

<Author>ilove2getaway
<Content>Don't listen to the negative reviews! I admit, I was nervous when I read the horrible reviews. However, when I arrived at the hotel the staff were nothing but accomodating and extremely friendly. Our room was clean and comfortable - there were no odors, wet carpets, or water stains on the ceiling. The hotel grounds were clean and the walk to the beach is less than a city block. The restaurant was great and the prices were comparable to any hotel restaurant. Don't let other people's terrible stays affect your decision. I went with an open mind and had a wonderful time. I was far from disappointed.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>msqare
<Content>Major Disappointment I thoroughly agree with all the other negative reviews of this hotel. Sheraton should be ashamed to put their name on this place. The grounds are beautiful and that's the only positive thing I can say. The service in the entire hotel is marginal. The restaurant is way overpriced for the quality of the food and the servers don't seem to care about service. The sheets and towels must have come from a blue light special - certainly not what you expect at a nice hotel. The valet managed to lose the keys to our car and made us 48 minutes late leaving for the airport. We made our flight after driving like maniacs and running through the airport, but no one at the hotel even managed to say they were sorry. Poor service and a run-down appearance. I strongly suggest anyone thinking of staying here reconsider and spend your money somewhere else.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	2	2	1	2	

<Author>eycmissouri
<Content>Hotel Just Okay I was told to stay at the Sheraton Four Points in Humacao because of the beauty of the area - that's about the extent of the beauty - the area of Palmas del Mar. If you LIVE in a condo on property it can be nice with the golf course, lakes and member only beach areas most guests can view. If you stay at the Sheraton Four Points - Beware!!! The hotel was horrible and not the quality I think Starwood wants on their roster of hotels. We booked a 1 bdrm suite for a whole week - paid A LOT of money - and the room was dark, damp and downright dirty. I had my baby and would now let him get on the carpet it was so bad. The toilet ran very loud all night - 6 calls and fix-it attempts later we just gave up and lost sleep all night. There were stains on the curtains no one cared to wipe away, the carpet had stains, the windows would not lock - and we were on the 1st floor. Attempts to fix these issues failed too. We asked for another room the 2nd day of our stay and it was worse than the first. I was told that's the way their rooms look. What a disappointment and I feel waste of money that could have been spent at another hotel that truly cared about their guests. Oh - the parking is far, the staff in front slightly rude at times and very lax with guests requests. I heard No from hotel staff more times than my 15 month old says No.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	4	1	3	2	2	

<Author>musicmanNewYork
<Content>Danger, this hotel will ruin your day. This facility has one thing going for it . Palmas Del Mar is a beautiful place. The hotel is a nightmare. 3 rooms in 18 hours.An electrical problem in a room with a bad odor. A plumbing problem in a suite with a safe that I had to fix.Finally a room that was boarder line OK. Rooms where dungeonlike, uncomfortable beds, old bathrooms and torn and wornout rugs. Very poor service at the restaurant. We were served yogurt that was 3 weeks EXPIRED. The front desk knew nothing about the area which is loaded with things to do. The pool is nothing like its description. STAY AWAY FROM THIS PROPERTY.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	5	1	2	2	1	

<Author>Raroach
<Content>Palmas del Mar was great for us       The Pool  
<Date>Jan 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	3	3	5	4	5	

<Author>Acts412
<Content>Relaxing and Quiet We traveled to the Sheraton in March of 2007 as was not disappointed. We stayed for 2 weeks. The first week we had a standard room which was just O.K. This room was directly across from the casino and is loud from about 9pm -midnight on the weekends. This made it difficult to sleep at night. The casino is small but it will scratch those with a gaming itch. Also has a small hold'em game as well as slots and blackjack. The hotel itself is incredible. It's wide open when you enter and it is a very attractive location. It is a place where you can just get away and relax. The pool is beautiful, warm and clean. The ocean is approx. 100 yards away, makes for a great morning wake-up walk. Strong current, decent sand and is steep and short. Not a runners beach. Not like a typical Florida coastline where hundreds of sunbathers can gather. Again, it's a more isolated secluded beach. Very nice. The area outside the hotel has golf cart paths which make for great early morning running. Very humid past 10am.The second week, we switched rooms to a pool side room on gound level. I highly recommend these rooms. Much bigger and comes with a safe just in case you break the casino. I recommend renting a car so you can get around the island in order not to be crushed by the drink and food charges at the hotel. Although the food is quite tasty, burger and fries, great, it is pricey. Find a walmart and get a bottle of Don-Q. A must for any Puerto Rico stay. There were plenty of restaraunts in the near driving area like the Tapas restaruant. Highly recommend the paella, fantastic! We had a light go out in the room and called down to get fixed. The same day someone showed up to repair. The Sheraton also has a coffe shop/bakery. Easliy the best coffee I've ever had! Over all: great vacation, good hotel, good service, extremely safe location.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jgsgroups
<Content>Very relaxing but just OK Infinti Pool Scam I stayed july 2007 and the whole place palmas is beautiful and interesting. My first impression was to watch out for nuts riding golf carts. The parking of the hotel is relatively far from the rooms... It became annoying..The valet parking was Ok but I am not sure of the wait.The check in was seamless very friendly attendants. The beach is scenic, clean but surf is rough. If you are amateur to intermediate surfer this might be ok. But is not good for the kids . Maybe if you walk two miles you'll get to an area that is not that rough but still not calm. The hotel room was humid and there was water leaking. And my good ! I called three times to repair the balcony light and they said that they were going to call engineering to have it fixed. It was never fixed. Probably all they had to do was to change a stupid light bulb but no one came. Bring a flash light if you want to enjoy the balcony just in case. I must admit that I had a great time. The infinity pool mixes with one of the ponds not the ocean like you might think. The pool, chairs etc was very clean they have a bar/grill at the pool which makes it convenient. There are some interesting iguanas roaming around they don't bite.The food is ok. Burgers $10 and huge. Beer and drinks around $5. Beach towels are $30 each if you loose them .. so be sure you get a receipt after turning them in. There are no games for kids but plenty of places to run around. All the neighboring complexes don't allow you to use their facilities but sometimes you can sneak in but you might be kicked out.. everywhere is posted.. private property stay out...No really close restaurants but burger king pizza hut and others are a few miles away.You might not get the beach chairs placed where you want to. The guy that was there John was always making excuses to bring them where you wanted to. Other than that they beach staff was friendly. There are many restaurants around Palmas around 30 of them. Didn't try them. Parking was $12 for guests and $15 valet parking for guests. Locals or visitors can also park there. coffee maker in the rooms , TV paid $170 per night. I tried to visit beaches close to palmas but found none that were great. I saw the othe place called villas at palmas but there was no acces to the beach other than a long long walk. This is an average hotel and was definetly worth the try and the money. I don't plan on coming back for a decade.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	2	5	4	3	

<Author>chrisconley
<Content>Patrick.....what a rude person I had the mis-fortune of meeting the hotel manager....Patrick. What a first class jerk. My room had stains on the ceiling and a dusk smell. When I talked to Patrick about staying in another room...I was told I couldn;t because it was booked on the internet. What?The grounds were great....the staff really nice. The food in the restaraunt was very average. On saturday night there were drunks walking around the lobby and in and out of the casino till 2:30 in the morning.It shouldn't be called a resort hotel....it's a hotel inside a resort community.Chris  
<Date>Jul 5, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>valarry
<Content>loved this resort i had read the prior reviews on this resort and had even called the westin, 4 seasons that we booked through to see if they had seen the reviews. after reading them, they asked me to contact patrick and explain my hesitance in keeping our reservation. i did that and in talking with him, he was very kind and promised me the best vacation possible. he did explain that they have a tiny frog, that at night comes out and say coque, coque. we found it very soothing, but... if you don't like a constant sound, you will not like this place. we had room 212 and room 214, right by the pool. It was heavenly. there were no ongoing loud noises, other than maybe us swimming late one night. The food was excellant, the beach was one of the best we have been on , the water is so clear, it is irredescent It was great. I wouldn't recommend driving in san juan or make sure you have the city and directions figured out well in advance. We got lost many a time!! housekeepers came in and cleaned every day and provided clean linens and towels also, very nice !! would definately go back to this resort.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>lovetotravel75
<Content>A Beautiful Place To Stay! If you are looking for a very relaxing place to go, this is it. There is no nightlife and you will avoid spring breakers. I have to admit that after reading all the horrible reviews about this place, I was expecting a complete dive. When I arrived at the resort and the hotel, I was very pleasantly surprised. The place was beautiful, especially for the price we paid. If you are going to compare this place to a hotel that you are spending $500 a night for, then yes, you will be disappointed. However, I found it to be fabulous! The hotel was beautiful. The front lobby which was completely open the outside was so nice. You could feel the warm breeze, smell the flowers from outside and hear the birds. The staff was very pleasant with us the entire trip and went above and beyond several times. The room was nice. Yes, if you open the sliders it became humid in there but that's because it's humid outside...nothing the hotel can do about that. I thought the beds were very comfy, view off of balcony of the pool area was very nice. There is one restaurant there onsite. We ate there once and the food was good. Although we are not gamblers, we went into the casino one night just to have fun and spent $10. The pool area is absolutely beautiful. Grounds are very clean. Pool is an infinity pool that is 2 levels. Pool Grille was great. Had a pina cola and burger there. The whole resort was absolutely beautiful too. I hightly recommend rental golf carts as your means of getting around the resort. They are a bit pricey but so well worth it($60 first day, $40 each additional day). You can rent these right at the hotel. I had so much fun with the golf cart! We took it all over the resort...where else can you do that. Hanging out at the beach is so nice and relaxing. There were hardly any people which was great. You can get a beach chair there to lie on. You can also get lunch drinks right there on the beach. Food was good. Another great thing is there were clean bathrooms right there on the beach! Walk along the beach(to the left especially) and you will find even less people and such beautiful sand and water. I recommend going to the Marina for dinner. We ate at the Tapas restaurant. Dinner did take a while to come(1 hour, 15 minutes). I am not sure if that was typical, but the paella was very well worth the wait. There is also another french restaurant. In Palmanova plaza you can get some groceries at the small supermarket. We grabbed some food for breakfast and lunch which saved us some money. I'd also recommend driving all the way down Palmas drive...just drive and get lost. We saw some beautiful 4 million dollar homes with such a great view of the shore. There are also picturesque golf courses all throughout the resort as well as a tennis club. I was sad to leave the hotel and resort. I thoroughly enjoyed my stay there and I would go back in a heart beat!  
<Date>Mar 21, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>marpet07
<Content>Great location with limitations We arrived midweek and had to wait at the desk since they had only one person working. We did get to check in early and they did have a room ready. We parked our car ourselves and lugged our luggage up one flight. First, they should take the carpeting out and put in tile. It is too humid and wet an area of the world to have carpet. It smelled. Second, they should put in a ceiling fan and rely less on ac that gets too cold and makes the room air stale.Room had no refrigerator and the safe had been removed.It was clean and the bath was well appointed.We were by the pool on the second floor and it was fine.The beach was a short distance but not well marked so it took us a while to find the right path. There was no attendant by the pool to get a towel and no one at the beach to get a chair. I had to search back and forth until I could finally settle on the beach.The beach is wonderful, can have a strong surf. Pool is nice.Restaurant choices are limited at this time of the year. Many were closed in the Palmas Del Mar complex. Sebastians was ok. Had a dirty tablecloth which I asked them to change. Nothing to do at night except casino which is not our thing. Sheraton needs to tweak this resort a little more and it will be a great destination.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2007
<Rating>3	4	2	4	2	2	2	2	

<Author>Michael from Vienna
<Content>Very nice if you expect not too much We stayed at the Four points after a cruise of of San Juan. we chose this hotel because of the price, it was the only one offering reasonable rates via our travel agent.from San Juan we took a rented car and went less than an hour to the resort, it was very easy to find, signs to Palmas Del Mar right from the motorway.We did not expect too much after the terrible reviews, so we were positively surprises. Entering the Palamas Del Mar Resort we were very impressed, also Hotel appearance is very nice. Open reception building, very nice pool area.Very warm welcome, since we arrived early only one room was ready, so we could put luggage for both rooms in and got help to move luggabe to the other room later.Well, to be satisfied you have to take some issues in mind:1) This is a four Points and not a Sheraton (so expect 3-4 and not 5 Stars)2) This is Puerto Rico and not mainland US, so everything is slower and more casual3) Majority of guests (especially during weekends) are Puerto Ricans, so there can be many childerns and Party mood.Rooms were nice, although we had some issues, our two bedlamps were just missing, my parents had to ask twice to get deckchairs, since they were also missing on their balcony.Except that we loved the hotel, the Golf course starts right next to the hotel, only 2 minutes walk to a fantastic beach (beachchairs and towels included). we loved to have coffee in the lobby from the Cafe. There is also a restaurant, a winde bar and a little shop in the Hotel.The Palamas Del Mar resort is just faboulous, many villas, a marina and 25 restaurants, none of them can be reached by foot, you have to take you car, or you rent a golf cart for $ 60 per day.Recommendation: The Hotels donsists of the main building and 3 buildings with the rooms. Building 1 overviews the main entrance, building 2 the pool (can be loud since the band plays next to building 2) and building 3 overlooking the backyard. Try to get a room in building 3, its the most silent.Summarizing, we would go back to this hotel just because of the wonderful resort and the excellent location. The minor issues did not affect us since we knew, that we stay in a Caribbean Country.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>clyeng
<Content>Not great My check in experience was less than desirable. I arrived at the hotel around 11pm. Checkin was okay until after a minute after I walked into the room. I received a call from the front desk telling me they accidently gave me the wrong room. I told them I didn't mind the room but they said they already re-issued the room to another guest so I had no choice but change room. The facility does not have any elevators so get ready to carry your luggage up the stairs if you are on 2nd or 3rd floor. Once I got into my final room, the light bulbs for 2 of the 4 lamps were out. The TV didn't work and the water bottle was already open. The deadbolt lock on the door also was not functional. I was on the pool side first floor which was easy access. However, it was really really noisy with the bull frogs noise all through the night. Do not stay near the pool side because you might be up all night.Aside from the 1st night getting the room ready, the accomodations were nice. The bull frogs however was another issue. Next time I would request room away from the pool  
<Date>Feb 13, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>chophack
<Content>never again! While this hotel is located in the very pretty Palmas Del Mar resort, it clearly caters to a more local clientele. Rooms were very clean, but noisy during my weekend stay. I had to call management to have them quiet down guests in other rooms. The food and service at Sebastian's restaurant was awful. The service and moreover, the attitude of the young ladies working at the hotel coffee shop (David's Cookies) was unacceptable. Clearly, the entire operation has issues. If you must go, go to the Shipyard restaurant at the marina where the seafood fare was outstanding. Otherwise, stay a way from this Hotel!  
<Date>Feb 6, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dogfood
<Content>Community nice but hotel needs a complete renovation! My husband found a special for the Palmas del Mar Hotel and Resort. Although we live on the island of Puerto Rico, my husband had a business meeting near Palmas del Mar.  The community of Palmas del Mar is scenic.The landscaping is truely beautiful. The Palmas gardening staff deserves an award of EXCELLENCE. The condos, town houses, beach and country club buildings are all very well maintianed. The hotel however leaves a bit to be desired. The hotel is an older property which seems to be going through a SLOW revival. The front guard house needs a fresh coat of paint. The windows look as if they have not been washed for a while and there is a curtain particailly hanging at one window.The hotel staff is professionally friendly and the lobby is pleasant. However once you pass the front desk you can smell the Casino. Our room was spacious and the layout was comfortable. The carpeting however, was old and smelled musty with small burns here and there. Not even cleaning would help this carpet ( the pungent room deodorizer didn't either). i do not have alergies however, my nose ran whenever I was in the room. The sheets were not very soft and the corners pulled up through out the night. The washroom and water closet, although nicely decorated could have been cleaner.The slotted doors did not efficiently take the place of an exhaust fan. The television in the study did not work. I called the front desk for assistance but was told that there was no technician on duty at that time. The pool area is small and mostly filled with children and parents who seem to think it is OK to yell across the pool at their children. The beach area was NOT clean. We ate at the Sabastian resautrant. The service was good but the food was mediocre. I ordered the boneless, stuffed cornish hen; it tasted of chemicals, the meat was course and the stuffing was barely warm. We walked to the Beach Club which is very clean and has a good restaurant.Again, the community of Palmas del Mar; the grounds, the condos, the beach club, the country club etc is really nice but i would not go back to the hotel until it is completely renovated.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	3	1	3	2	-1	

<Author>Hiramg
<Content>Stay away this hotel !!!!! I am very disappointed in this Palmas del Mar property, Humacao Puerto Rico.Recently I stayed one night in August 5 2006, but gladly that is was only one night because it was the worse stay of any hotel property I have visited. I had to change rooms three times; the first room 311 had a filtration problem, the smell was horrible it was like entering a humid cave; the conditions were so terrible that the closet and bathroom doors didn鈥檛 close and there was mildew all over the curtains. The second room 206 had a problem with the a/c system and it was too warm to sleep. Finally I spoke to front desk and they agreed to change me again, to my surprise the room was in perfect in appearance and temperature but when going to sleep the room was beside a wine pub near the front desk, imagine trying to sleep with music next door!!! After two calls and about half an hour later the problem was fixed.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	3	3	-1	

<Author>safarez
<Content>Extreme Inhospitality The hotel staff overall is amiable, but PATRICK TRACY is arguably the worst hotel general manager I have ever encountered. He refuses to accomodate your needs/requests be it as trivial as to turn on a lamp in the lobby (no, you can not switch it on yourself). He actually told me to go somewhere else when I needed to use a power outlet that he could switch on from behind the front desk...later that day he himself was using the outlet with his laptop! I've been coming to this hotel and am a homeowner of a nearby villa (Crescent Beach) for over 15 years...and sadly the staff and hotel service has been slowly deteriorating...and the irony is that you are paying top dollar for worse service.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2006
<Rating>1	1	3	5	4	2	1	2	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Will avoid all Sheratons based on this hotel This was one of our worst experiences - and we have traveled in Africa, Asia, Australia, Caribbean, Europe and North America. The hotel is completely overrated. We arrived early and our room wasn't ready and no other room was available. That was fine - we understood. Two hours later at the 3:00 pm check-in time, it still wasn't ready. Reason: 12 rooms are unavailable because the guests did not check out at noon and we can't locate them. After getting angry about it and demanding an alternate room, we were given one on the first floor.Upon entering the room and setting up the sofa bed for our 9-yr old, we found that the pillow for the sofa bed, stored on the closet shelf, was completely wet because water was dripping from the ceiling onto the shelf. We reported it, but were told that Engineering would check it out. We were given a new pillow. Then the toilet didn't flush because the chain become detached (we corrected this ourselves 3 times during our 2-night stay). When we couldn't locate the safe deposit box, the front desk insisted that there was one. However, when the person came to our room to see for himself; indeed, there was none in our room! He only muttered something about having Engineering check it out and departed.Then all during our stay, it sounded as if someone was in our room slamming the door. The sound seemed to be carried through the vent. It woke us constantly both nights. We also found tiny ants all over the nightstand, attracted by a closed bottle of children's Benadryl sitting there. The whole room felt excessively damp. In fact, the shelf for the TV was sagging, due to the weight of the TV plus the moisture in the room. It sagged so much that we couldn't close the drawer beneath it. At the swimming pool, they were out of towels and the bathroom was dirty.Added to that, the staff didn't seem friendly or helpful at all. We much prefer the Marriott or independently-owned places. The Holiday Inn in San Juan was better.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Lito51855
<Content>Stay away if you can My company has a corporate account with Sheraton, therefore when traveling on business we have no choice. I stayed for 4 nights and would have paid out of my pocket for another hotel if there were any around.The complex is beautiful, as is the hotel. The problems I encountered were:1. The valet service is not quite honest. I called for my car at 7:00 am, and they could not locate the vehicle. I had to take a taxi to my office. That evening I was informed the car was erroneously given out to another party and they did not return until the following day. No appologies, the just told me to park in the self parking area to avoid problems.2. Room service is way overpriced. All the restaurants in the complex close at 10pm. I paid for a burger/fries and a soda $22.50. The hotel has a gurantee to not charge you for the meal if it's more than 30 minutes late. They lied. The meal was delivered almost 60 minutes after it was ordered.Management stated that advertisement should have been removed months ago.3. They need to do something about iguanas finding their way to the rooms. They are nice reptiles that have free run of the complex, but I don't need a slimmey sleeping partner.4. There is no wireless internet in the rooms as adveretised, only in the pool area and the lobby.5. The restaurant is not opened for breakfast, just an overpriced coffee shop in the lobby. I paid $9.00 for a bagel and coffee. I was also told not to eat in the lobby area, just in the coffee shop. Unfortunately they had 2 tables with patron sitting there, while the lobby was totaly empty and ample sitting.Would I ever stay there again, unfortunately I don't have a choice on business travel. Try the hotels in Las Piedras about 20 minutes away.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2006
<Rating>1	2	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great for a weekend getaway!!! Just got back from spending a weekend at this hotel. Our experience was a positive one. We enjoyed our stay. Palmas del Mar is a place to go and relax...if you are looking for a nightlife this is definitely not the place you want to go. But if what you are looking for is relaxation, I recommend it. The room was very nice and comfortable. Service was excellent in the front desk as well as in the pool. Everyone was eager to please us. One negative - stay away from Room Service. You order from the restaurant that is located in the hotel which is not owned and operated by Sheraton. On the menu they promise your delivery within 30 minutes or its free -- NOT TRUE!! They took longer and didn't want to honor the advertised deal. We complained to the front desk, they were happy to take it off our bill but when the restaurant owner found out they had the nerve to call our room at 11pm to argue about it. Still the front desk manager took it off our bill. The food was mediocre! If you want to stay in order delivery from elsewhere!!I would definitely stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>May 31, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Stay away! Stay far far AWAY! This property has been through three or four different owners in the six years that I have been working in this area, and when I heard that Sheraton was the new owner, I had high hopes that the new owners would correct the various difficiencies of previous owners.I was wrong.The week that I stayed at this property has been the worst hotel experience that I've ever had. Here are some of the highlights:1. First night was in a room that had no cooling control. If the AC was on, it was on all the time and the room was 60-61 degrees. If off, the room was hot and steamy.2. Spartan and poor quality breakfast buffett that was outrageously priced.3. Poor food in the dining room - again, ourageously priced. A margarita was made from powdered mix - the same stuff that you buy at Walmart in the 10 pound bucket for $3.99.4. Plastic tableware on a room service tray.5. Despite prominent advertising for this, there is no wireless internet access on the property at all.6. I had to get rid of millipedes - big ones, 4 inches long - crawling in the room.7. Most problematic was the impact drilling and pneumatic hammering not more that three feet from my bed (on the outside wall) at 7:30 in the morning, every morning.No apologies from the management, no response to my request to be moved to a quiter room.Very, very poor management that doesn't seem to care at all about guests.I have never been terribly impressed with Sheraton properties before, but somehow, I expected far better than this. Econolodge would have been better, and I would have moved there or any other hotel had another been available.Go elsewhere. This place is the pits.  
<Date>May 27, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great   showReview(5003387, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We enjoyed our vacation!   showReview(4989488, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 19, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A grea time, exellent service.   showReview(4981863, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 17, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The service truly --   showReview(4822840, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 30, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>pkhanna
<Content>Avoid this disaster!   showReview(4623375, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 15, 2006
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Villas at Palmas Del Mar, Humacao, Puerto Rico   showReview(4027597, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 17, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>FLSMARK
<Content>Falls FAR short of Starwood quality   showReview(3845936, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 6, 2005
<Rating>1	3	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lunalunera1214
<Content>Horrible Experience - New Mgmnt/Bad Service   showReview(3755208, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 11, 2005
<Rating>1	2	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>nelcue
<Content>This time around we all fell in love with Palmas Del Mar   showReview(3402725, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 25, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>BarefootintheparkNYC
<Content>Suburb by the Ocean   showReview(3168079, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 7, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>todebald
<Content>D茅cevant !   showReview(8441369, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 17, 2007
<Rating>1	2	1	4	3	1	2	2	

