<Author>bklyn274
<Content>Head Over Heels for Hix!!! A friend recommended Hix to my boyfriend as an awesome place for a chill and romantic vacation spot. Once we checked out the Hix website, we were convinced it would be amazing.Our expectations were far exceeded!! First of all, it's breath-taking and beautiful -- the landscape, the architecture, and the peaceful seclusion were just what we wanted. As soon as we arrived we said we would return.We stayed in Loft 1 which is HUGE and beautifully decorated!!! The table could seat 6 and there is a huge open window/ledge overlooking the pool. The outdoor shower is a spectacular addition. The bathroom also has double sinks and very nice Rusk shampoo/conditioner. The hanging bed is a wonderful spot to nap in the sun (and I believe that Loft 1 is the only loft to have one). Our actual bed was the most comfortable thing ever!We were only at Hix for two nights (we seriously considered extending our stay but a wedding party was coming in and we couldn't). Our two nights felt like much, much longer because it's just so relaxing. It's heavenly, really.The kitchen was fully stocked with pots, pans, cups, plates, silverware etc. The fruit/eggs/bread/coffee/juices in our fridge every day were so nice. We went to the Green Market shop to pick up a couple of other things, but otherwise had plenty of food provided for breakfast. We were also appreciative of the use of beach chairs, cooler bags, robes and towels they provided for us.As most other posts say, there are no screens on the doors/windows. We did not have any problems with bugs at all. (We were there in late June.) However, they do provide bug spray and candles if there are bugs and the mosquito net over the bed. You can also close the big window/garage door, if need-be.The pool is breathtaking -- there's a reason it's been voted the Best Pool in Vieques.Brenda, in reception, was wonderfully helpful both before and during our stay. She set up the Bio Bay tour tickets for us (which we highly recommend) and told us about the best restaurant in town - El Quenepo - where we had a delicious and romantic meal! Hi Brenda!Hix is hands-down the most amazing, relaxing spot we've ever been to. It's the perfect escape from the hustle and bustle of work etc. We will definitely return and couldn't recommend it higher!!!!  
<Date>Dec 7, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>cbking1976
<Content>Wonderful getaway Had a wonderful time at Hix Island House during Thanksgiving week. The accommodations are amazing, from the stark beauty of the forms to the crystal clean pool. It was our first time in Vieques and we absolutely fell in love with the island. Hix was the perfect place for us to stay; excellent for low-maintenance travelers like us. The kitchen was beautifully appointed with everything we needed to make breakfast in the mornings and the outdoor shower was heavenly. It's not for people who like a high-rise super resort, but for us it fit the bill perfectly.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>The_Dylaness
<Content>Not quite as expected I read nearly every review of Hix here on Tripadvisor, so I had a pretty good idea of what to expect. The reservation was easy to make and the staff helpful; we enjoyed Vieques and will return but not to Hix. I gave serious consideration to 3 stars vs 4 but ultimately decided on 3 given a few serious flaws and my feeling that the price is not in accordance with the product.The Good:The location is beautiful, peaceful, quiet, charming, birds chirping...The front desk staff are extraordinarily helpful and pleasant. The bread/fruit/butter/juice/coffee provided daily are a nice treat. The pool is lovely. The beds are very, very comfortable. Nice linens, nice robes, nice cotton shirts to wear during your stay are provided. Amazing views. The outdoor shower (we were in loft 5) is great. They have provided many things for your comfort and convenience, such as beach chairs, bug spray, candles, board games to check out, a book exchange library in each room, umbrellas to check out, a listing of local menus, et cetera.The Bad:I know Hix focuses on privacy, nature, and eco-friendliness. However, there are certain things that I personally expect when staying at a place that while not exorbitant, isn't exactly cheap either. I knew there was no maid service daily and so wasn't surprised (although I think for the price it should be provided- who wants to make their own bed on vacation?) The showers are heated by solar power and apparently also have a gas implement to bring the water to 120 degrees if it isn't already. This feature did not seem to work very well (intermittently) and at its hottest still was not hot enough for myself or my husband (who usually prefers much cooler showers than me...) The other disturbing problem was our toilet. It was a nice, fairly new toilet (Kohler I think?) with a very old, raggedy, stained plastic seat and lid combination that loooked like it had been brought in from an airport bathroom. I don't know why but the whole toilet smelled very badly of urine (sometimes you could even get a whiff as you walked right outside the bathroom) and was very unpleasant. I did mention this to the manager after the first night who immediately sent a very cheerful and hardworking housekeeper to remedy the situation. She scrubbed away and it smelled good...for about an hour. I had also mentioned the shower heating issue to him and he explained to me how to use the faucet a little better to get hotter water (which helped a little.) I guess my perception of hot water is perhaps different than most, so I didn't bring it up again but if you like really hot showers and it could be a dealbreaker for you, consider yourself warned. I also did not revisit the toilet issue because clearly her scrubbing although temporarily effective was not getting at whatever the issue was (I don't think it was her fault, I think it was something scrubbing wouldn't fix) and I was pretty sure it wasn't going to get resolved before we left. My husband mentioned that the seat would not stay up (as a female I have no idea about this) and this was also awkward for him.The neutral:I knew that a/c was unavailable but did think that it would get a bit cooler at night than it did. We did not sleep well. I also knew that there was not a jacuzzi so that was okay, but again, I am surprised that a place that bills itself as a fairly high end accomodation does not have one. Make sure to rent a Jeep if you're staying here (or anywhere in Vieques for that matter.)  
<Date>Nov 7, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	5	3	5	5	-1	

<Author>Susanica
<Content>Hix is a great experience We stayed in Loft 1 in the Casa Rodonda in early July, 2008. We had peaceful time and I cannot complain about anything. Our view overlooked trees and the ocean in the distance. The only thing that obstructed our view was the numerous humming birds buzzing in and out the flowering tree that framed the huge open window. The outside shower was relaxing and it was gently laced with a green vine. Overall the room was spacious and clean. Surprisingly bugs were scarce. Basically Hix is a place to enjoy nature and relax. As far as Vieques, I recommend renting a 4 wheel drive and exploring the beaches and towns. Red Beach and Blue Beach were our favorites, but the more popular Sun Bay Beach was beautiful too. I recommend doing the bio bay tour, but make sure to check the moon phase first. The tour guides at Island Adventures were knowledgeable, funny and friendly. When exploring the towns be sure not to leave any valuables unattended. We had a set of snorkel gear stolen. Even with that one incident we felt very safe on Vieques and it was a great experience all around.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SPK_DK
<Content>Tranquility, peace and harmony As many have said previously, it's a fantastic place. It's very much a matter of taste, no doubt that Hix is not your standard hotel experience. So I understand why some may find it not to their liking, but if you have a proper understanding of what you're getting, then then disappointments shouldn't be an issue. I've tried to add some items which haven't been covered previously.We came from Hell to Heaven: after a 4-day conference in Fajardo, at El Conquistador, Hix stood out as phenomenal. We (a couple in our early 30's) we're getting nausious, depressed and fed up with the massiveness of El Conquistador, it's thousands of noisy guests, ringing and dinging Casino, and where just happy to get away from it. So Hix, being the exact opposite, was a true blessing.It's true that you will need a car. Book well in advance, as most places are fully booked fast. We ended up getting a car from Raphael at Acevedos Car Rental. A very decent Ford Explorer.The pictures from both the Hix website, as well as from the other reviewers give a good understanding of what it is, but as a lot of the Hix experience is tranquility, it's really hard to catch that in a still photo.The front desk is VERY helpful (we met Bob  Joanne), but don't forget to ask. They're not intrusive in trying to lure your wishes and desires, so just ask if there's anything you need, or something you need help on figuring out. Worst thing that can happen is a no.We stayed at Loft 5 for 3 nights, and then at Loft 1 for 2 nights. Loft 1 is quite a lot bigger, has two sinks in the bathroom, two sinks in the kitchen, a little desk, a hanging mattress by the patio, and in general is a lot more spacious than Loft 5. It's almost too big for two people. Loft 5 was nice, more simple but great as well. A simple square room with kitchen, bed and patio. Both great rooms. No problems with heat, the ceiling fan along with the outside breeze is quite perfect.I could only reach an internet signal while at the front desk, which actually was OK as it forced a bit more relaxation, and less work.We did a Eco Tour with Abes snorkling, doing the mangroves, snorkling, secluded beach and ending off with the Bio Bay. $100/person, lasting from 2 p.m. till approx 8 p.m. A great trip.El Quenepo is great for dinner.On Sundays the BBH serves an excellent brunch.There are two things would make the Hix experience better: firstly, a daily maid service, just to make the bed, clean the dishes etc. would be great. It's not a cheap place, so it wouldn't hurt with that little service. It's actually great and very much in tune with the whole atmosphere that there isn't roomservice etc. etc., but as the room can get messy after 2 or 3 days, it would be nice with a little bit of service. Secondly (and a very minor thing): a toaster in each room. There's fresh bread every day, but some of us like to toast it a bit, if for no other reason than for variation.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>dalideigh
<Content>Great place to stay We spent a week at this most unusal and pleasant hotel on a most unusual and pleasant island. The accomadations are suburb, the lofts and designed for the utmost privacy and the unique architecture only adds to the delightful ambiance.Go and swim in the early morning and late afternoon in their magnificant and, again, unusual pool.A well stocked kitchen provides for an ample breakfast and if desired a good meal can be cooked.We very highly recomend this place.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>diatwo
<Content>A perfect escape       the pool  
<Date>Jul 3, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	3	-1	

<Author>tornadodreams
<Content>Hix...I want to go back!! When we booked our 7 night stay at Hix House, I read most if not all of the reviews posted on this site. I was pleased to find them overwhelmingly positive, but admit I was a bit nervous about the 'oneness with nature' aspect, if you will. I am not a fan of bugs and spiders, despite being an outdoor person. So this review is for anyone with those same hesitations. Hix was the most relaxing vacation accommodation I have ever experienced, and it has set the standard for every vacation I will take hence. Sleeping under the mosquito nets turned out to be more of a rustic notion than a necessity. We didn't wake to a swarm of insects, as other reviews have suggested. In fact, I don't recall any at all on or near our bed, closet, etc. The occasional wayward beetle would find its way into the outdoor shower, but these were easily enough ushered out. As Leebc suggests, the lizards (curious but not intrusive) likely kept the insect population under control. I found myself embracing the natural surroundings and sloughing off the buildup of city and work stress, an aspect of true relaxation you wouldn't experience in a typical hotel setting. I reveled in going all week without makeup or blow-drying my hair, even to go out for dinner and drinks! The understated architecture blends beautifully with the serene environment, promoting an unspoken atmosphere of quiet and simply being. You suddenly feel less of a desire for music or television and prefer the sound of birdsong, coastal breezes, and the rare and almost unfamiliar quiet of your mind. I felt strangely indulgent in eating the fresh baked bread and fruit provided, despite it being so much healthier than typical vacation fare. You won't find Hix Island House conducive to a party vacation, although the nearby towns provide somewhat of an outlet for this if you desire it. We found that we rather preferred hanging out on the patio playing a game of Trivial Pursuit over several days, without keeping score. The staff was friendly, attentive, and helpful with everything from providing fresh beach towels when requested, to booking activities and making restaurant recommendations. (BBH completely validated one such recommendation, providing the promised 鈥渃hill South Beach vibe鈥?and gorgeous tapas and cocktail selection). Do not expect constant attention and catering to at Hix, however. The staff is there when you need them and otherwise give you your space and privacy. Our room was clean and well stocked from check in to check out, but we rarely bumped into housekeeping. There is so much more to praise about our stay at Hix, the perfect base camp for a week of exploring, relaxing, and soaking up the delightful eccentricities of Vieques. But it鈥檚 something you have to see for yourself and I don鈥檛 want to spoil it for anyone, not that you really could.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>kristumz
<Content>Favorite hotel of all time We have stayed at the Hix House 3 times over the past 5 years, and it is a wonderful experience. Architecturally, it is beautiful. Conceptually, it is a great Caribbean experience.It is off the beaten track, quiet, secluded, surrounded by tropical flowers and trees. It is open-air (no glass or screens) with enormous panoramic picture window openings. There is a full kitchen in every room, and the staff brings you fresh breakfast supplies every morning (homemade bread, island fruit, fresh coffee for the French press, etc).You will love coming back here and making dinner with your travel partner after a long day exploring the beaches in a run-down jeep. The pool is surrounded by lemon trees and great for a late night swim. The roofless showers in the second floor rooms are amazing under the stars as well.The hotel is eco-friendly, doing things like watering the plants with greywater and using solar power to heat the showers, and does not allow children under 12. It is the perfect romantic escape. This is true to the point that we returned after two fantastic visits to have our wedding here.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kevart
<Content>Wonderful, relaxing stay We visited Hix Island House for 10 days in April. We stayed in Matisse, which was beautiful, we really liked the roof top deck. As other reviewers have said, the staff was all helpful, the fresh bread, eggs and coffee a great addition to our stay. We relaxed, did not miss TV or telephones. Luxury camping is a great description. We enjoyed the other guests as well, this is the kind of place that attracts interesting people.  
<Date>May 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>giggy19
<Content>A different....but wonderful place My wife and I took a quick trip from New York to Vieques in May and stayed in the Hix House.In past trips to the Caribbean we had stayed mainly in very nice resorts like Caneel Bay in USVI, but this time we were looking for something less expensive, but still not like a big overblown resort. Hix Island House was just as described. It was peaceful, interesting, very in-tune with nature, etc. Within the first minutes of arrival we saw geekos and hummingbirds from our window (which is nothing like a real window!) We really enjoyed it despite its minimalist, very casual approach. Vieques too was fun and interesting. Great beaches with virtually no one else on them. Wild horses everywhere. Pretty decent restaurants (we ate twice at the Chez Shack and highly recommend the walk from the Hix House on a starry evening.) We enjoyed the Bio Bay -- it was a little touristy (as far as anything can be touristy in Vieques) but a fascinating natural wonder that we're unlikely to experience anywhere else.With the right expecations, Hix is a wonderful experience. Highly recommended!!! If you have the wrong idea of what it is, however, you might be sadly disappointed.  
<Date>May 30, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LeeBC
<Content>Amazing Hix Island House  Hix Island House, Vieques: My wife and I have just returned from what we consider our best vacation 鈥?ever. Not enough superlatives to describe Hix Island House and Vieques. The accommodation was perfect for the ultimate getaway. No television, no noise, no windows even - just beautiful and tranquil surroundings and a chance to get away from the maddening crowd. Rat race behind us we could enjoy the architecture of the Hix complex (it鈥檚 stunning in an understated way) and the natural landscaping surrounding it from vantage points such as the private patio of our loft, a roof deck, the low-chlorine pool and even a hammock slung between trees in a quiet paddock on the grounds. You feel very much at peace and in a state of permanent relaxation whilst there. We spent a few days just lounging around, enjoying the fresh coffee, bread, and fruit and such that Hix supply to the lofts each day, cooking, reading, napping and simply trying to take in all of the flowers and accompanying wildlife that our loft (Adobe) was nestled within. The open-air shower with a panorama of flowers, trees and fauna was a joy each morning as was waking up with the shutters and doors open to sunrise. We slept under the mosquito nets provided and had no problem whatsoever with bug nuisance鈥?The resident host of small (and cute) Geckos etc. saw to that I think! When we did need anything the staff couldn鈥檛 have been more helpful  friendly 鈥?If you go, I recommend going to the owners鈥?cocktail party 鈥?they have a house on the complex with (if possible) even more breathtaking views鈥?J Crew shot a catalogue at Hix I think 鈥?I can see why. As for the rest of the island 鈥?unspoiled, laid back and fun. Hire a Jeep (4 wheeler necessary) and explore. 2/3 of the island is a nature reserve and that which is open to 鈥榚xplorers鈥?will by way of unmade roads and fun in a Jeep take you to secluded/deserted beaches 鈥?On the way out to 鈥楪reen Beach鈥?we enjoyed two undisturbed days on a small beach (complete with cabana) and not a person in sight. Bio-Bay on a dark night is well worth it (the water glows when agitated) and snorkeling is also good. We enjoyed Chez Shack (a shack come gourmet restaurant) in the middle of the island as well as tapas and sunset at BBH. I could go on 鈥?but most of all 鈥?it is a complete get away from work-a-day life. We鈥檒l go back to Hix and enjoy Vieques again. I recommend staying at Hix and getting back to nature, flying from San Juan by charter flight to Vieques rather than trying the ferry and definitely hiring a car鈥?Oh and don鈥檛 worry about the hire cars 鈥?their 鈥楥heck Engine Lights鈥?are all, and always, on鈥?Stay at Hix Island House - have a great time!!!  
<Date>May 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>theLAgirls
<Content>Beautiful, quiet location Hix House is in a beautiful, quiet, remote location. The architecture was unique, especially for this part of the world, so no room is the same. The pool is beautiful and refreshing. As other reviews have pointed out, you cannot be afraid of nature to stay here. Our room had basically barn doors that stayed open all day, whether we were there or not. Obviously, this meant we had some visitors along the way - small lizards, bugs, spiders, even a cat that quickly ran away - but we loved it and were not afraid of any of this stuff. There is a mosquito net but we didn't need it this time of year. It is quite dark at night as the property and rooms are not well-lit. Frankly, it creeped me out a little at night with how dark, quiet and remote it is, but i live in LA so maybe it's just me. You will likely need a flashlight though - we needed it to find our car!We also loved having a kitchen and being able to cook. Every day we had fresh baked bread, juice, fruit, eggs, milk and coffee. It was all tasty and wonderful. The staff was very helpful.We did yoga one day and it was a good, albeit easy class, somehow we had thought it was free from the Hix website. In fact, it was $15/class which lasted about 1.5-2.0 hours.You will absolutely need a rental car. Nothing is nearby and getting to our parking place proved a little treacherous, as we had one of the many junky island rental cars with bald wheels.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MissyfromMichigan
<Content>Wonderful, relaxing place to stay! My husband and I stayed for 4 nights, in the beginning of March (a few weeks ago). We had a wonderful time!I'll admit that after reading some reviews, I was really concerned about bugs, lizards, etc, but I was really comfortable there. We saw very few bugs, and only a few very tiny lizards. The lizards stayed over near the patio and the entryway, and never came near the bed or closet areas, so they really were not a problem.The Hix Island House is very clean and extremely peaceful. There are no TVs, clocks, radios or internet access within the rooms, which is exactly what we wanted!The staff was very friendly and helpful. The women who worked at the front desk were both great - they gave us directions, recommendations, and helped us by booking a trip to the bio bay.The landscaping around the hotel grounds is gorgeous. We were on the ground level and had flowering bushes surrounding our patio. The hotel is inland, so the view of the ocean was extremely limited, but we still thought we had beautiful scenery.Staying here was a fabulous experience! Sleeping in the fresh air, with the sounds of the birds and the wind, was great! We woke one morning to rain, and loved it - the sound and smell of the rain was a great way to wake up!I would suggest buying groceries and planning to eat in the room for several of your meals (there's a full kitchen). There is only one restaurant that is very nearby, but it was closed when we tried to go there (which was around 5:00 on a weeknight, so they must have irregular hours). The hotel is about a 10-minute drive from the nearest town, which isn't a bad drive but it did become a little tedious when we had to make the drive multiple times each day.One more suggestion is to try to arrive before 5:00 pm. We arrived after dark. We had been told that the office would be closed. As promised, there was an envelope waiting for us, with our name on it, with the key to the room and directions for getting from the office to the room (the office is in a separate building from the 3 buildings that house the rooms). Being completely unfamiliar with the area, we were a little confused by the directions. We did make it to our room (after starting out in the wrong direction, plus I was nervous, thinking I was going to run into a lizard as I was walking around the side of the building to our room), so the directions were correct, but it would have been easier to find our way during the day.I would definitely stay here again!  
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	3	5	3	

<Author>stillhungry555
<Content>fabulous, tranquil, relaxing Most beautiful setting on vieques, super comfortable accommodations, and very efficient little kitchen. The staff was very friendly and accommodating, gave great recommendations for places to shop, eat, and swim, and hosted a weekly cocktail party for guests, which was a great intro. There is a gorgeous outdoor (covered) yoga area, with classes every day, a fab pool, and overall an extremely tranquil atmosphere. They provide an insulated bag for beach picnics, along with beach chairs and beach towels. Some tolerance for wildlife is required--you'll be sleeping under a mosquito netting, and on our trip we saw geckos, lizards, leaf bugs, mongoose, and even a spider. But sleeping with fresh air coming through and to the sounds of crickets, chirps, and cheeps of the jungle was totally a fair trade.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>getaway9
<Content>Astonishing property Hix Island House byFrequent Caribbean TravelersWe've stayed many times in Vieques at another hotel on the Island, but the Inn had a change in ownership, and we wanted to try something different for our return to Vieques for the February get-away. Hix Island House fit the bill.We stayed for ten days in Tiangular House in the Matisse Room. It was fantastic, it was private, our massages were great, the pool was refreshing, and our room was bug free, even though everything is open to the sky! Staff, especially front desk manager Brenda, are the tops. Fresh fruit, juices and baked breads were delivered to our room every day. Weekly cocktail parties at the owners' extraordinary villa gave us a chance to meet the others staying on the compound and hob nob with John Hix and family, the creative inspriation behind Hix Island House.We cooked in the apartment half the time, but got a chance to try out new restaurants on the Island during the rest of the ten days- which was very easy to do since Vieques is such a small island. Our favorite was La Campesena.Vieques is a bit quirky as an island, but what an easy place to get to from the northeast. All in all, the vacation was a value since a 15% discount was offered since we stayed more than a week.Highly recommend if you are interested in something a little different, you want to support an ecco-friendly hotel, and you don't mind being a little isolated from the hum drum of typical resorts.. Jim and Keith  
<Date>Mar 14, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>abhbos
<Content>Concrete Paradise Nestled in the Jungle All I can say is wow! My girlfriend and I just returned from a magical four day stay at Hix. We stayed in the Adobe Loft, which was on the ground floor with a very private patio on which we got massages one afternoon. The trip was one of the most relaxing I have ever had and our stay was a centerpoint for that.The Hix House is actually several different buildings, each with three or four lofts constructed of concrete with unglazed windows. Every loft has some form of private outdoor space and many have outdoor showers. The buildings are designed to interface smoothly with the natural surroundings and as a result there are all manner of plant and (small) animal life around. We frequently saw lizards in our room and there was a set of black hummingbirds hard at work pollinating the trees on our patio. At night, the surroundings are pitch black and the only sounds you hear are insects chirping and the wind rushing through trees. The sky is so clear that you can actually see the Milky Way, a rarity for us city-dwellers.The staff were incredibly helpful and friendly. They made good recommendations for beaches for various purposes (reading books, snorkeling, bodysurfing, etc) and restaurants. They had snorkel equipment for us to borrow and a couple of boogie-boards as well. Every day they would stock the fridge with food to prepare for breakfast: local eggs, fresh baked bread, fresh fruit, jam, butter, milk, coffee, etc. We were also able to supplement this with some fruit from the trees on the grounds.Overall, this was one of the best vacation spots I have ever been to. It is not the place for you if you equate luxury with sterility or people pampering you and scuttling about like servants. However, if you want a beautifully designed (my girlfriend is an architect and she can vouch for this), serene place to spend time on Vieques, this is for you. We can't wait to go back.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Jackwillow
<Content>Heaven on Earth!       Blue Beach, vieques  
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jlpdx
<Content>Wabi-Sabi architecture placed in heavenly setting My wife and I just returned from a nearly 3 week visit to Puerto Rico, the USVI, and St. Marteen. We stayed in many wonderful places, but by far the best was the Hix Island House. We stayed in the Casita ... the architecure was terrific, the setting wonderful and the staff/owners friendly and helpful (and the fresh eggs and bread they brought us each day for breakfast were wonderful). My wife enjoyed the outdoor yoga classes and we both appreciated the quiet setting (its very rural - be prepared that the only sounds you will hear at night are the sounds of the coqi, the crickets and birds, and the roosters in the morning off in the distance). The gracious owners hosted a small cocktail party at their home on the property and we appreciated the chance to meet them and the other guests and learn more about the unique approach to architecture. The island itself was also a treat - we visited three beautiful beaches on the three days we were there and found ouselves on nearly empty white sand beaches with wonderful snorkeling and kayaking. There are several wonderful restaurants within a 5-10 minute drive. I have already recommended the hotel and the island to my friends and co-workers since my return. Dont miss the chance to visit this wonderful Island and when you do include the Hix Island house on your itenerary.  
<Date>Jan 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>cdelcor
<Content>De-Stress!!!! If you are looking to get away with your sweetheart ,from the hustle and bustle of the big city, this is the place to go! I went to the Hix Island House for the Christmas and New Year's Holiday with my boyfriend. We absolutley loved it! When we arrived we were pleasantly surprised with our room-lofts as they call them. The cement structure makes each room so neat and clean. And the outside shower is to die for! We expecially liked the homemade bread that was waiting for us in our room along with fresh fruit, juice,eggs, coffee and all the fixings. We were really excited with this feature as we both like to get up and have breakfast in our room before heading out for the day. Our loft was very private and we had a great view of the ocean in the far away horizon. We did not take advantage of the bug nets because there were no bugs at night- but it is there if you need it. I especially enjoyed the pool because it has such a natural flare about it. The pool is not huge but it was just the right size for the amount of guests that were staying there all week. There were no battles for chairs or getting up at 6am to put your towel on a reserved chair. The pool is the perfect place to cool off and read in a quiet setting. The Hix Island house is defintely not your typical all inclusive hotel. It is not a food-factory, or day camp! We actually loved trying out all the restaurants in the downtown area. We even decided to stay in one night because you have the luxury of having a full kitchen so you can cook dinner yourself. We Loved this idea as we dine out all the time living in the city. The grocery stores and convenience stores have tons of things to chose from. I was so relaxed when I left the Hix House! We are planning to go back next year!!!! ....We are still talking about the trip and how we miss hearing all the peepers at night! I highly recommend this hotel to couples or friends who want to get away for a low maitenence vacation! Ladies- leave your heals at home!  
<Date>Jan 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>FrankTheThird
<Content>Our stay at Hix House made the trip! We thoroughly enjoyed our stay at the Hix Island House. The room was open-air and it was really great to hear all the frogs and birds during the evenings. We had a mosquito net over the bed and only had problems with bugs at dawn and dusk.The kitchen was well-appointed with a blender, coffee grinder and french press and a gas stove. They stocked it daily with eggs, fresh bread, fruit juice and coffee.We loved getting up in the morning, eating our breakfast and wandering down to the pool. After that it was lunch, hit the beach, and back to the pool for more sun before dinner.The staff (especially Brenda) was extremely helpful and gave us some great recommendations for dinners out.If I go back to Vieques I will definitely stay at Hix House.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2008
<Rating>5	3	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>SunL0ver14
<Content>Nice setting, but bedbug central While we had a wonderful time on Vieques, I don't know that I'd stay at Hix again after our experience. Most of the bugs were avoidable by wearing bug spray all the time - it is open air, so this is a necessity - sleeping under the mosquito netting in the room. However, I was eaten alive by bedbugs, which mosquito netting didn't protect against. When I alerted the staff to this fact, their initial reaction was to do all they could to fix it - they sprayed the room extensively, got new sheets etc since they were full that night. We also got a new room the next day, but it was worse. There was no staff reaction when I alerted them to the same problem in a different room. We did enjoy the decor, feel and atmosphere of the place, but without a guarantee of no bedbugs I wouldn't stay there again.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	4	3	3	

<Author>meliberk
<Content>Luxury camping for too much money! A friend and I stayed here while in Vieques for a wedding. Having read the reviews on Trip Advisor, I was at least forewarned about what kind of experience this would be, but I never expected it to be as extreme as it was.As others have stated here, there are people who love this hotel and the experience they get with it, but for about $300 per night, it is really not for me.The good first, the staff is really wonderful and friendly. The pool was cool and natural, the perfect temperature always without the nasty chlorine that is a part of most hotels. We felt safe on the grounds even though there are no lights to see your way around in the dark.Our room was really no more than a garage. Unfinished concrete walls and floors, no rug, paint or much of any decoration. We actually had a heavy garage door that we had to pull up and down if we wanted to access the patio. There were 2 twin beds that were okay, but not luxurious in any way. We spent the 20 minutes before bed every night fighting all manner of bugs (spiders, mosquitos) and other wildlife (iguanas, lizards). Being that the room was all concrete, any natural sound from outside would reverberate loudly around the room and was deafening while you were trying to sleep.Again, the only saving grace was that I was slightly prepared for this from other reviews, but I hoped for the best. I can definitely appreciate the benefit of an eco-friendly enviornment, but I suggest there also be a benefit of less cost to the consumer if there are going to be no luxuries for luxury prices.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2008
<Rating>2	1	1	3	5	5	5	3	

<Author>mat10019
<Content>Haute couture camping       An unserem Lieblingsstrand, Orchid Beach  
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	2	

<Author>Mightycat
<Content>Hix House......Simply Awesome The Hix House is a perfect way to decompress from your busy, stressful lifestyle. If ever you want to get away from it all, book several days at the Hix House and you won't regret it. Quite honestly, a day or two doesn't quite do it. You really need at least 4 days to appreciate the laid back environment of the complex, the fresh breeze, the beautiful views of the Caribbean off in the distance, and the extremely helpful and friendly staff. Bob Gevinski manages the place in the same laid back, professional style: no stress, no problems, no worries. There isn't a better guy to be running the place. It's a great place to be if you just want to peacefully relax by yourself, read a book, or sit by the beautiful pool. If you get ambitious, the beaches are a 10 minute drive away. And when you're done, you come back and your back in the lap of luxury.But this place is not for everyone. If you want the Hilton or the Hyatt, stay away. It's not like that at all. It's such a different place that you have to see it, and spend time there to really understand the place and what it has to offer.I can't wait to go back again next year when I'll be staying a full week rather than just a few days.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	5	3	

<Author>pastora4
<Content>The good and the bad about vieques This trip to Vieques my friend and I stayed at the Hix Island House, a lover's paradise which is also a B  B. The difference with this B  B is that the guests cook and serve themselves breakfast. The geometrical shapes of the buildings are fascinating and protecting the environment is their mantra. Nestled in the mountains, the terrain is uneven and for the physically fit.Night time provides a heavenly show, I had forgotten about the infinite number of stars and constellations. Driving at night can be scary because of the number of horses and colts on the road. While I was driving, a colt bolted in front of the car and only inches saved us from an accident. The roads are well marked and the people are very friendly and courteous.I would recommend a visit to Vieques and a stay at Hix Island House.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jonesgirl84
<Content>Absolutely incredible and worth every penny!       The bed was soooo comfortable!  
<Date>Oct 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Hotel_Boy
<Content>A Truly Unique, Amazing Escape! How can you describe the Hix Island House as anything but amazing. For one of the first times in my travels, the hotel lived up to the preconceptions and expectations I had created before my trip. To start, our hosts were Diane, Michael, and Joanne, three of the nicest people on the island as far as I'm concerned. Diane checked us in and led us to our place, Matisse, located in the Triangle House. Along the way, she even picked some fresh lemons and brought them up to the house for us. When you get to your room, there are plenty of windows, but no glass. No Air Con, but an amazing fan. The whole concept of the place is to fit into nature peacefully and disturb it as little as possible. And you honestly get that feel once you set foot in your space. Mosquito nets tastefully hang over the beds (and you're instructed how to use them correctly!), a lovely table with chairs, full kitchen with everything you would need to create your own meals (even some eggs for breakfast and fresh loaves of bread daily!!!), coffee press  beans, etc. The pool area is to die for. Clean water, beautiful views, and many times when you are totally alone! Quite rare at an island resort! I think we even spotted a concrete ping pong table a ways off into the woods. Mr. Hix did an incredible job with the design and execution of his vision. This hotel is NOT for someone looking for a pool boy serving daiquiris, a person with high maintenance needs, or your average tourist. This place is for someone looking to get away and escape. Be alone, without distraction of TV or radios... My point is that you shouldn't stay here if you like staying at a W and having a tub full of pink MM's on arrival. This is for something looking for a bit more out of their trip than extravagance and excess. I never wanted to leave. I look back at the photos and wish I were still there. I have never felt this way about a hotel before. I want to return again and again! The Island of Vieques is unreal. If you are looking for a spot not burdened with tourists and chain restaurants, and to get a real taste of a Caribbean island, then head here for sure! They have some amazing restaurants: Topico is a fabulous seafood joint that was packed with locals. Puerto Rican's have a saying that loosely translates to If it is packed with people, then you can be sure it's good; we also ate at the BBH Hotel. It was modern and elegant, ocean side, and very tasty. It was comparable to a NY City restaurant and was located by the pool of the hotel (the Martini鈥檚 weren鈥檛 so hot!). Many beaches are located down long dirt roads often filled with water holes and mud pits. GET A JEEP! It can be an adventure getting to the beach, but once there the solitude is breath taking. (Don鈥檛 forget to wash your jeep to avoid fees!) At the recommendation of Diane, one of the managers of the Hix House, we went to Blue beach for some snorkeling. She not only described it to a T, but we even found our way out to a deserted coral reef island. There is a beautiful little beach out there. Amazing!I found it very handy to have someone with me that spoke Spanish fluently. But one thing I noticed is that everyone on the island was very friendly and willing to put up with us Gringos who only know one language.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>sugarloafer
<Content>Luxury Camping - Perfect Get Away We stayed at the Hix House for our honeymoon - it was the perfect choice. The Hix House is a sublime experience - the architecture blends seamlesly into the hillside. Waking up to the gorgeous sun on our porch and watching the birds was fantastic. The pool is gorgeous and a perfect spot for a much needed afternoon nap. Brenda at the front desk was tremendously helpful - her recommendations were spot on. Although the Hix House is not for everyone, if this type of travel is your thing, I can't imagine anything better!  
<Date>Aug 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>BoqueronAleph
<Content>Lasting impressions Beauty, harmony, style, minimalist luxury and comfort are truly attainable without compromising, intruding on or perverting nature. This is the message eloquently conveyed to us by the Hix Island House. This was our second visit to this unique place and we can categorically state that, at Hix's, we experience the friendliest coexistence of environment and a man made resting habitat : a serious (not grave!) respect and commitment for a genuine conviviality between human nature creativity and the inherent, constant presence of a natural scenery. Now, you may think: Is this vacation place for purists, poetically inclined, eco-minded people? Well, of course these qualities could enhance the enjoyment of Hix's particular ambiance, but then, the ambiance itself offer the conditions for these sensitivities to arise in you. This means rarely encountering invasive civilization noises or personnel (the on-site, day to day service crew is literally invisible and privacy, as well as silence seems to be of utmost importance for management). Ahhh鈥he blissful, sky open, solar-powered showers鈥he good old majestic breezes interpreted by Australian pines leaves hush or bees buzz鈥?the sumptuous, intimate pool鈥?the undisturbed, window-framed landscape and horizon views鈥?the birds concerts and rain symphonies鈥? Given. People who travel to special locations are conventionally encouraged by the tourism industry to consider amenities. So let's put amenities in proper perspective. At Hix's, amenities are not only plentiful but, above all, thoughtful. For example, you will get an atypically spacious room (only 13 of them) furnished with artful (and useful!) original accessories of world known designers. Thus, if you open up to the aesthetically pleasing surroundings, you are bound to get in touch with your relaxation responses (a short distance to stress decompression) without excluding basic earthy conveniences. Follow me?  Wining and dining has never tasted better (if you look well, in Vieques you can find almost any fine gourmet goods to satisfy a sophisticated palate). And then, you have a very short distance access to some of the most astonishing beaches in the Caribbean to let yourself go. What a treasure! We will definitely return in the future. We want to revisit this small and masterfully designed hotel that serves both: humans seeking to rest in solace embedded in natural beauty and nature itself.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LaBoricuaCubana
<Content>Absolutely Loved HIX We stayed at Hix Island House for our first trip to Vieques and wedding anniversary. We stayed in Loft 3 which had excellent views and was the perfect size for two people. We loved our private outdoor area and shower. We loved Brenda at the front desk and she even helped us with finding the perfect beaches, restaurants, kayaking trip, and even the flight back to San Juan.Just like the hotel says, it isn't for everyone- I'm not an outdoors type of person but I loved the hotel. Just know to expect some tiny lizards and the expected bugs. Mosquitos were not an issue because of the tradewinds and mosquito netting. We felt totally secluded from the rest of the hotel even though there are no windows. The small kitchen area comes with some basic breakfast goods and home made bread. The rooms also come with all the basics for the beach and even have books and games to borrow. As far as activities in Vieques: We had massages in our room by Kristin which were great and you can not miss the kayaking trip. We've gone to the Bio Bay in Fajardo and the Vieques bay is much brighter. It's not to be missed.We had an excellent dinner at BBH for our anniversary and they gave us a table by the beach. Although the concept was great we were soon eaten by the many mosquitios, minor issue because the food was delicious. I would def. recommend this restaurant. All of the beaches were great except for Green Beach, although the snorkeling was good you can't really lie on the beach for long because of the little gnats that bite incessantly.Vieques is a wondeful vacation destination and we would def. visit them again.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lirrla19
<Content>I Heart The Hix House       Our View at Hix  
<Date>Jul 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Chrick
<Content>One of the most romantic place ever I have been traveling for years, and I am always looking for this very special and unique place. Vieques is truly one of the last paradise on earth, and the Hix is the perfect hotel to stay while you are there. From the minute you board the small plane in Fajardo, you will realize that this is a very special place you are going to.The Hix is just adding to this fantastic experience. The concept is fabulous, the design and architectures are like anything else. It is very simplistic, but offers all the services you would expect, including a splendid pool and outside - but private - shower!one word of caution, this may not fit everyone as the lack of windows and the wide door opening are inviting for mosquitoes. Our bed had a mosquito net and they provide with mosquito repellents. There's also no a/c, so it can get a bit hot especially in our unit (Adobe) as it is on the lower floor and there's no as much breeze as the upstairs units.But don't let this stopping you. This is a place like nothing else, and if you want to surprise your wife or husband, I don't think you'll find better.I hope you enjoy the place as much as we did!  
<Date>Jul 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>fromphilato?
<Content>Go, go, go! My husband and I traveled to Vieques for our honeymoon early in June. The island is absolutely stunning -- and we were right in the middle of it at Hix Island House. No photograph can really convey the beauty of the grounds or the awesome way in which the lofts are nestled so perfectly into the surroundings. A month after our visit, I still dream about the spectacular views. Where else can you look out from your shower to see the forest and the ocean? (Not in Philadelphia, I assure you.)Not only is HIH beautiful, the property managers, Diane and Michael, are unbelievably helpful and all-around sweet. (They even left a bottle of champagne for us to enjoy upon our arrival!) Their recommendations were spot-on and they were extremely responsive. I cannot say enough about our experience there. I would highly recommend Hix Island House to anyone who has an appreciation for nature, simplcity, and good people.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>boopieNewYork
<Content>One of Our Best Island Stays One of Our Best Island Stays Ever! Hix Island House was the perfect antidote for the stressful lives we'd been living. We visited in early June and found the lush property to be absolutely beautiful, well maintained and utterly peaceful. From the stunning architecture, to the perfect-sized pool, to the comfortable beds, luxurious linens/robes and the relaxing outdoor shower, everything was so much more than we had hoped for. Even the room amenities were way above (and more thoughtful) than other places we've stayed in the Caribbean. For example, in addition to the usual niceties like aromatic hand soaps and shampoos, our room at Hix also had some surprising and very useful extras: lanterns, bed-side fans, beach chairs/coolers, bug spray and most impressively a well-stocked kitchen. But it was the managers -- Diane and Mike -- that made this vacation one of our best island stays yet. Thanks to their restaurant recommendations and skilled reservation making, we ate extremely well (go to Uva for one of the best island meals you'll ever have) and found gorgeous beaches (Blue Beach for great snorkeling). Without them we would have missed some of the best treasures that Vieques has to offer. We definitely plan to go back!  
<Date>Jul 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>pontouf
<Content>needs maintenance to meet price range While we loved Vieques, and appreciated the concept of the Hix Island House, it is in a price range beyond what it offers. Although it is beautiful, the grounds, pool and lofts are in need of maintenance. Many of the dishes in the kitchenette were dirty, and looked like they were 10 years old. Our white towels and robes had stains on them so we asked for new ones and they were very nice about changing them. All of this would be okay if it was slightly cheaper, but it is one of the most expensive places to stay on the island. Additionally, despite the throw on the bed having a colorful pattern, a stain was still visible on it. The concept is peacefulness so there is no maid service, and if you want anything you have to request it at the front desk which is only open between 9 and 5. This is done out of respect for guests tranquility, but then you are paradoxically charged a service charge on your bill in addition to the normal tax. Again, I overall liked the place and the inside/outside design, but at almost $300 a night it's too expensive for what it is.  
<Date>May 18, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Androodle
<Content>We Stayed in the Mattise Room 3/05 While not for everybody as other posters have said, I felt that our stay at Hix was the best resort experience we have ever had. Did anyone else notice how many times the Mattise room showed up in fashion adverts?regards to all,Andrew  
<Date>May 8, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>shingobingo
<Content>Soak in all that Nature. We just returned from a magnificent five day trip to Vieques. We stayed at the Hix Island House. The room was the 'Adobe Triangular Room'. Even the being on the lower level, showering, watching humming birds dance from lush flower to flower is quite the experience. The windows do not have glass panes, and have wood shutters. it is absolutely raw at its core, so it allows you to engulf the breath-taking surroundings of nature. Echoes of the coqui (the local frog), is absolutely relaxing under the moonlit sky.You can plan all you want, by trying to plan your activities ahead of time. But Brenda at the front desk will gladly help you out with the real deal. She made our trip all the more romantic and exciting with her careful recommendations for dinner, beaches, and the BioBay (which we missed regretfully). Also being a yoga newbie, I couldn't resist taking a class in the morning on the premises. Closing your eyes, breathing and hearing all that nature around you, again...is just amazing. Maybe it's being a city boy, that when I see flowers so rich in color, sounds of birds and coqui, geckos crawling everywhere, and seeing horses in the middle of the road...it's just so exciting.If you want to experience something out of the ordinary, totally relaxed, and absolutely amazing, I highly highly recommend the HIX Island House. The hotel is beautiful, the pool is beautiful, the surroundings are beautiful, and the staff are super friendly. My favorite thing about the HIX is the fresh bread on the kitchen counter, with eggs and fresh fruit in the fridge. Breakfast never tasted so good. Never experienced a vacation as refreshing as this. I will have to do it again soon. An absolute must!  
<Date>Apr 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>NyFavabean
<Content>Terrific; not for everyone Hix Island House is absolutely wonderful. It is also not for everyone. Because the hotel rooms are open to the elements, you need to be a bit hardy to enjoy the place. However, if you do have a little bit of an adventuresome spirit, and if your idea of being pampered is something like super luxury car camping, this is the place for you. That may sound like damning by faint praise, but it isn't. Our stay at Hix was just wonderful. We cannot say enough good things about Brenda, who cut through the pretenses, made us feel right at home, and understood exactly where we were coming from. Rather than give us the regular list of things to do, she listened carefully and told us what we really wanted to know. The one big drawback to Vieques is the relatively poor food. Having cooking facilities is a big help. And, if you stay at Hix Island House, absolutely positively ask Nilsa to cook you a meal. Simple home cooking: far and away the best food we had on the island! Oh, did I mention the architecture?  
<Date>Apr 22, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>HitoZen
<Content>GREAT if you don't like the crowd, BAD if you love pampered luxury My gf and I just returned from a 3-night stay @ HIH (actually, went 3/12-3/15). Overall, a wonderful experience worthy of many return stays.Considering the positive reviews left by other reviewers, I'll just fill in some blanks on HIH/Vieques that may yet have gone unaddressed by others.* Room. We stayed at the Studio in Casa Triangular, which is where John Hix stayed for more than a decade before HIH was turned into a hotel. Diane/Brenda/Joanne basically said this unit was John's favorite. It must be so considering all the pictures of it featured in the book of John's works (autographed versions sell for $20 at the front desk). Now, contrary to the photos you see on the website (as of 3/13/2006), you do not have a full panorama of waters surrounding Vieques. In the units' line of sight stands a huge Mimosa tree. We were not much disappointed since this tradeoff of view (of easily reachable beaches) vs usability (hammocks that sway with the trade winds now tied to the trees) was a worthwhile one.* Accessibility. As any of the hotel staff would tell you, a car is NECESSARY. You can practically drive to anywhere you'd want to go on the island w/i 15 minutes (aside to/from Green Beach, which was not worth the trip given that its isolation and that we allocated 1 day to beach hop / snorkel). We rented a 2007 PT Cruiser convertible (Touring Edition, 2.4L Turbo) from Martineau Car Rental (almost across from Martinuea Resort; walkable). Now, Martineau was to have us picked up from VQS (which was 5 minutes away from it), yet we waited for 30 minutes only to get to Martineau via publico ($3/p). Martineau was kind enough to throw in a 7% discount on the rental, only to overcharge by 34% when I looked at my cc bill. Lesson here is to make sure to save all your receipts and to be VERY thorough when you do the car inspection upon first receiving the car (take photos if you must; we did but only because we like taking photos of everything).If you're a planner like me, you probably tried (and failed) looking for driving maps for Vieques destinations. Turned out HIH front desk will give you the only good and useful driving map of Vieques. There is no need to waste time finding good maps of Vieques online (and MS Streets and Trips '07, iGuidance 3.0, or Garmin City Navigator US v8 won't have anything good either). All you really need is just the one map that Brenda/Joanne will gladly give you. Now, if you want to plan a bit using the computer nonetheless, use wayhoo.com to get the GPS coordinates of some of the locales and enter them into MSST. Unfortunately, we forgot to get the coords for HIH so can't help you there. Nevertheless, everything is accessible enough that this level of planning is not necessary. You will not get lost easily while on Vieques.* Amenities. The unit came with a well stocked fridge. We had coffee, honey, tea bags, a dozen eggs, 4 mini-cans of Lotus brand OJ and 4 mini-cans of pineapple juice, a Brita water jug, and a good assortment of fruits. We drove to the nearby Green Market and bought cheese and ham to make omelettes in the morning. What would have been great is if HIH stocked Coqui Fire hot sauce (locally made; [--]) in the units, as Green Market was all out of it when we went. FYI, you can try many of the flavors at Belly Buttons at Esperanza waterfront, however. Neither Island Steakhouse nor Chez Shack had any. Lastly, the room also came with lotsa books in case you forgot to bring some, as well as a chess set, scrabble, candle-lit lanterns, and bug spray!* Activities. We spent what equated to 2 days in Vieques. In my mind, this was the appropriate amount if you also plan to visit the main island (which we did for 3 days). Having days starting at 8AM (sun rises at 6:45AM) and ending by sundown @ 7PM, this was our trip allocation: * One full day for beach exploration / snorkel / bum. See 'Beaches' for details.  * Half day for Abe's all-in-one biobay/kayak/snorkel tour. See Abe's' for details. * Half day bumming @ HIH * Quarter day driving around getting to know Vieques. See 'Accessibility' above for details.* Abe's Biobay. [--] There's quite a few options from which to choose for bioluminescent bay tour. We picked Abe's because they were the only one to offer an all-in-one option, combining kayaking, snorkeling, mangrove traversing, and biobay swim. A good deal at $90/person, we met at Belly Buttons @ 1PM, stopped by Green Market to get more beverages, and headed off driving to Mosquito Bay to start our kayak trip across the bay into the mangroves. Kayak across the bay was pretty exhausting but definitely worth it if you don't want to just lounge your days away. Be sure to try some mangrove oysters - very salty but delicious. Abe will chuck them for you. After the mangrove tour, we continued to kayak to Novillo Beach - the secluded beach accessible only by kayak. It was there that we snorkeled for about 1.5 hours. Beach dinner by the sunset was large coldcut subs prepared by Belly Buttons with chips and Caprisun. Be sure to feed the 'pet fish' as they're used to being fed around 6:30PM and will follow you wherever you go. We then headed off in the dark back to the bay where we witnessed the truly amazing dinoflagellates sparkle like little diamonds at night. This is one of those experiences that no digicam can ever capture.* Food / restaurants. We cooked our own breakfast everyday during our stay. A little mouse also joined us one morning and it scurried across the unit. No wonder the wonderful homemade bread was stored in a tupperware. For dinner, we dined at Chez Shack for its Monday BBQ grill night with live music ($35/person after-tax, for entree + beer + AYCE salad bar). Be sure to call in advance to reserve seats, though we'd actually recommend Island Steakhouse AYCE BBQ dinner ($35/person after-tax, for pina colada + AYCE entree). Island's tasted better, did not have overly loud music or slow service, and was not as shacky feeling. (Island's menu consisted of honey corn bread, pulled pork, chicken, baby back ribs, jalape帽o mashed potatoes, and corn on the cob).* Wireless internet. You can either use the iMac at the front desk (that closes at 5PM), or if try to get some weak signals using the 54Mbps wireless connection from the office. Our unit was farthest away from the office unit yet still managed to stream some internet radio with only minor buffering. I hope HIH would spend $50 and get a signal extender. As my gf called it, I suffered from some minor internet withdrawal. * Weather. During the day, temperature remained in the low 80s for the entire trip. Be sure to put on SPF 50 (we only used 15 and 30) since UV gets through cloudy days almost as well as clear days. At night, there was abs no need for AC as the tradewinds really cooled the unit. The gf had the fan off at one point since she got too cold. Only one instance when it rained one night @ 7:30PM for 10 minutes as we rushed to finished building our sand 'castle'. We wished it'd rain a bit more as we did not hear any coqui songs (though we did manage to capture two coquis in the outdoor shower area!)* Beaches. Below is all the information I gathered while searching for beaches. I did not write some of them but figured to save readers time by aggregating what helped us. Favorite was probably Media Luna since that was where I saw a 4ft Mantaray at 4ft of glistening waters. And the sand was fine enough to build detailed sand castles (which we also did, given that my gf's an architect). I've included GPS coords for your convenience.Overview: [--]snorkel: [--]  [--]All the Beaches on Vieques are dependent on the wind direction on any particular day. If the winds are from the Southeast then the North Coast Beaches will be nicer. If the wind is blowing from the Northeast then head for the South Coast Beaches! Pata Prieto (Secret) Beach - VISITED路 Take main Camp Garcia road (sign is small but it'll be the only wide opening you see. If you see many houses then you've driven too far up north)路 Drive for 5 minutes/1.3 miles past Garcia Beach and Playa Caracas (Red Beach) 路 Blue sign says Pata Prieto Beach路 At the Y fork, take right.路 A total of 3 families were there while we were there 10AM - 12:30PM.路 For snorkel: on the FAR left side, follow the rocks around and ~100 feet from the edge. there are rock outcroppings there, and the surf can be dangerous. Snorkel here rivalled what we saw at Navillo Beach via Abe's tour.Media Luna (30ft shallow and lined for protection) - VISITED路 18.08940, -65.45570路 Calmest. We saw mantaray!路 Supposed to have the most kids but there was a total of 3 families stretched over a mile or so of sand.Bahia de la Chiva (Blue Beach) - VISITED路 18.11110, -65.38630路 Had the most people (13 groups; mostly non-family)路 The snorkel was not very good as the water was a bit muggy.Red Beach (Bahia Corcho / Playa Caracas) - VISITED路 18.10750, -65.41570 路 Favorite with locals. Gets crowded.路 I think we stayed all of 4 minutes here because there was too much dried up sea grass.Sun Bay - VISITED路 18.09690, -65.46040Navio Beach路 18.09750 , -65.43880路 Most Turquoise, the widest white sand and often the most deserted路 Only beach with waves (but not good for body surfing)Cayo de Afuera路 For snorkel: South and West/right/ocean are best路 Need to swim/kayak here路 Manatees, nurse sharks, and antler coral!Playa Negrita (black sand)路 Head towards La Hueca, which is located on the southwestern part of the island. From Esperanza head west, you will pass Casa Vieja Art Gallery on your left, slow down and start looking for a dirt road path on your left. You will see a big boulder on this dirt road. You will be driving towards the edge of a cliff, find a place to park around there. Grab your camera, your sandals, put on some sunscreen and walk down a walkway on your left. You will just walk and walk around the coast until you find the black sand beach. I was extremely desperate to get there, but do take your time, it is a beautiful walk towards the beach. As I mentioned earlier you will have to work your way around rock walls. The bottom of the beach is rocky and can get slippery so please walk around with care.Playa Esperanza (for snorkeling)路 Right in front of Trade Winds Guesthouse路 Very easy access for snorkeling Green Beach (for seclusion  snorkel)路 Take the road all the way to the end where it Ts and then go left (it's a pretty rough road)路 Go all the way to the last cut out that leads to the beach. 路 Walk to your right about 90 ~ 120 ft then go in the water (too much sharp coral and sea porcupines in front of the cut out).路 Once in the water swim out about 120 ~ 180 ft and swim to your left. There's a great reef out there and I've seen everything you can see in the water out there: all the fish, turtles, sting rays, manta rays, lobsters, and once a fairly big nurse shark (a couple of years ago).路 Need to leave by 4PM to avoid midges 路 Great drive to get there, have to pass Kiani Lagoon mangroves  
<Date>Apr 18, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	5	3	

<Author>emdawg
<Content>We'll be back This posting can't possibly express my esteem and admiration for what the folks at Hix Island House have put together, but I'll do my best. First off, it is georgeous. The architecture and layout of the place syncs with the stunning natural beauty of Vieques in a way that somehow suggests harmony over and above the obvious luxury. We'll be going back--I don't think we could stay away even if we wanted to.Regarding the service, I'll say this: If you want to feel completely alone, and not be bothered for any reason whatsoever, they'll accomodate you. However, if you need them for anything, they will be there in spades. We unwittingly booked a room on the busiest weekend of the year and couldn't find a rental car or a scooter or even a bike to get around the island. When we realized this might be a problem, we simply called them and I know they tried to track one down for us every day the week prior to our arrival and had pulled off the impossible by the time we landed.When it came time for us to leave the evening of Easter Sunday, a Hix cartaker came to our door two hours before we were to depart and told us our cab driver was getting soused on the beach and wasn't coming. So they drove us to the airport and refused payment!The folks at Hix don't seem to be about taking your money, though I know they're running a business. Instead, it seems that the quality of your experince, of your vacation, is what matters to them. Like I said, we can't wait to go back.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>cortado
<Content>Priviledge of Access Rather Than Amenities = A Mixed Bag Hix Island House is a destination unto itself. If you're willing to pay for the priviledge of access rather than service or amenities, Hix Island House delivers. The architecture and setting are spare and soothing: one experiences a sense of spaciousness there, inpart because the lofts are so much bigger than any hotel room. My partner and I stayed at the Hix Island House for one week and while we enjoyed our visit--the staff is warm, the setting spectacular-- I think it would have been better if I had known the following:While the linens and the prices charged are high-end, the food provided is basic: Letty is a lovely woman and the bread she bakes is good, not great; the juice was canned; the butter was in pre-packaged pats; the jam was from Smucker's; the milk is Parmalat. Add coffee and fruit to this and that is the sum of what you get. So pack your own treats if you're into having a bigger or better selection than what's offered. (We bought greens and muesli from the healthfood store and milk and other groceries from the large grocery store in Isabel Segunda.)Fancier foods --goat cheese, crackers, fiji water, etc... are available at Hix Island House, at the reception desk, for a typically steep hotel-mini-bar price. I would suggest to the management that this stash of food be offered to guests free of charge. It sounds generous, but I think it's only fair, considering the provisions are quite basic. All the restaurants that we were sent to: Chez Shack, Richard's Cafe, Trade Winds, Mama Sanga's -- sucked.Bright Side: We enjoyed the pool and highly recommend the daily yoga lessons with Jennifer. I would also suggest staying in a loft on the 2nd floor or higher; you'll get more light. Vieques itself is a magical place. The people are proud and friendly. Wild horses roam the island and sometimes it seems there are more horses than people. Visit the bioluminescent bay: it's a wonder. The best beach is Red Beach, but make sure you wear sandals: there are prickers in the sand. It's a nice drive out to Green Beach, but it's better for snorkeling than swimming.The best food is at the road-side stands that are open near Sun Bay beach and in the parking lot in downtown Esperanza on Thursdays-Sundays. Chez shack is fine on grill night, but not worth it otherwise. Go to El Quenepo in Esperanza, it is the best of the high-end restaurants. The best restaurant for creole food is at Shaunaa's in Isabel Segunda.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>diana333
<Content>Great Architecture / Different Experience The hotel is much what other reviewers described. The staff is incredibly friendly and helpful with reservations. We missed our flight out to Vieques due to our own stupidity (did not realize about the time difference and failed to change our watches to local time). Both the hotel and rental car company (Island) were very helpful since they both close at 5pm and we were arriving at 5:30. Island Rental Car delivered our car to the hotel and our car key and hotel key were left in an envelope on the door of the reception area. Our room was stocked with fruit, eggs, bread and other great food. I was hoping that the fruit would be a little more local but for the most part it was fruit that I could have bought at home with the stickers on them (plums, apples, pears, oranges, and lemons). There were not very many bugs, which I think is a seasonal thing. I don't think that I could go to this hotel during the wet, buggy season. The outdoor shower was wonderful.For the most part my husband and I felt like we spent a lot of money to go high class camping. We had to be cautious of turning on lights for too long because we didn't want to attract bugs, and I had to read by candlelight under the mosquito net. Our mosquito net could have used a bit of maintenance. There were holes the size of my fist and others the size of my head that would definitely not keep out bugs. I had to try to strategically cover these up, which became a science. There are also adorable lizards living in the rooms, but don't worry they are great. They eat many of the bugs! Another house guest that you will have are mice. We had at least one mouse living in our stove who would come out at night to eat everything. He took a bite of all of the pieces of fruit in the fruit bowl and ate some candy that I had in a plastic bag on my night table. On our last day we heard a lady above us screaming because she found a mouse in her purse. I guess that is nature for you.The pool was nice and warm. A few of the bulbs were out, which made it a little difficult for night swimming, but overall it was nice to have and generally there were no people at the pool when I was in it. The restaurants around the island are really pricey and not really worth the money. We went to Chez Shak (right down the street from the hotel and highly recommended by hotel staff) and I must say that it was WAY OVERPRICED for what we got. The food was good, but we left starving because the portions were so small. My husband and I had two sodas (we don't drink) and swordfish for me and another fish dish for him. The bill came to about $80 including tip, which for the amount of food we got (tiny thin piece of fish and a little squash) is too expensive. We also ate at Tradewinds (decent), Duffy's for lunch (expensive and owned by the same people as Chez Shak, but okay) and M Bar (expensive and not recommended, my fish was overcooked). Overall, the best food that we had was at an authentic Puerto Rican small restaurant on the side of the road. It was reasonably priced and not the same old food that every other restaurant was serving at high prices.For the beaches, we went to Sun Bay (public beach) - very nice calm beach and can park right at the sand edge, Navio Beach - our favorite because the waves were great fun to play in but a lot of seaweed, Red Beach - small beach with shack like cabanas that fill up early but provide nice shade, Secret Beach - small secluded beach, fun to watch the crabs walking along the sand and Green Beach - rocky beach good for snorkeling only. Hopefully this helps give you some ideas about the hotel and island. The architechture is worth seeing because it is impressive and the breezes are nice. Other hotels on the island are also expensive, so it may be worth it to you to spend a little extra and stay at Hix for the experience. In the end, I must say that I was a little relieved to get back to my own house and bed without mice and bugs to worry about.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	3	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>paraisodemonteverde
<Content>Wonderful Concept, But Could Be Even Better Hix is as wonderful as others have said from an architectural and concept standpoint -- assuming you like the concept, which we did (just got back). The rooms are fun, interesting, breezy, huge and just feel good to be in. They could use a bit more color and maybe a throw rug to break up the concrete look, but this is a minor criticism. Be sure to get a second-story room; the views are good (although not spectacular) and the feeling is wonderful.The staff was very helpful. We, like all guests who are there on Wednesdays, were treated to a lovely cocktail party at John Hix's own house on the grounds -- a nice touch. Hix was interesting to talk to. The fresh bread was great, and the fruit, eggs, etc. for breakfast were plentiful.We wished there was better landscaping, both around the buildings and at the pool (which was, nevertheless, very nice). Also, the reception building and attached manager's unit isn't Hix's best work, and the area right around the hotel is nothing to look at.Everyone wonders about bug problems at night in the rooms; we found that there were few mosquitoes, but just enough to use the mosquito netting. Problem solved.A wonderful experience (that's what it is; not just a hotel), but for the money, we expected a little bit more in the way of non-architectural, non-service features.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	3	3	3	4	3	

<Author>Groodle
<Content>Fantastic I have never written a review of anything before, but I had such a fantastic stay at this hotel, I felt compelled. It was just a truly excellent experience: The lush grounds and Zen-like rooms were beyond gorgeous, and the managers (and all the people at the front desk) were extremely helpful. This is the type of place that appeals to specific tastes. In other words, it's not for everyone--you are left alone, there is no TV, maid service is only every few days, there is no bar or restaurant, you take out your own trash, and the rooms are open to the outside, allowing lizards and insects free reign. Still, if you're after a peaceful place, with a great bed, an exhilarating outdoor shower, a well-stocked fridge, a gorgeous view, and lots of privacy, Hix is for you. I just returned a few days ago, but I am already dreaming of returning.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>2fromMass
<Content>Can't say enough... I can't say enough to express how incredible my visit to the Hix Island House was. My girlfriend, and I visited the hotel as part of a two-week trip around the Caribbean (other highlights to follow). Vieques and Hix Island House were certainly the crown jewel of our trip! We highly, highly recommend this special place鈥攏ot only because of the stunning architecture (created by owner/architect John Hix) and the spectacular hilltop setting, but also because of the superb hospitality provided by resident managers Mike and Diane and their staff.When we were searching for accommodations in Vieques, we were intrigued by the architecture and open air configuration of the hotel, as beautifully presented on their website. I'll admit we had some reservations about the open air experience (bugs, etc.), but when I called the hotel to inquire about availability, co-manager Diane quickly put our concerns to rest when she explained that their are no dangerous bugs and that the beds are protected with mosquito nets. That was a relief! In addition to booking my room, she was also extremely helpful in explaining flight (we ended up taking Cape Air from San Juan International) and SUV rental options and provided me with their cell phone number in case we had any problems in our travels. I took her up on the offer before I even arrived at the hotel. Despite their clear directions, we managed to take a wrong turn on our way to the hotel. Mike, patiently helped us figure out where we were (near the island's main village, Isabella) and guided us to the hotel.Upon arrival, we fell in love with the architecture. I've never been anywhere like it before. The hotel's three main guest buildings (the aptly named Casa Redona, Casa Triangular, and Casa Rectangular) are even more stunning than they appear in the pictures. While we expected to be awed by the architecture, we had underestimated the serenity and natural beauty of the setting. Hix carefully situated the buildings into the hillside in such a way that each provides its handful of units with privacy, yet each are only steps away from the pool, check-in building, and yoga platform. The subtle, yet well maintained landscaping is the icing on the cake.I concur with previous revierws' accolades. The managers and staff鈥攚hile providing all of the personal service we could ask for (and we did)鈥攚ere never intrusive. In fact, the personal attention was a key reason that our brief visit to Vieques was packed with fond memories. Not only did they guide us to several great meals at the island's restaurants, they told us who to ask for at each one. Of particularly note was nearby Chez Shack鈥攚hich we, following Diane's recommendation, we reached via a spectacular moonlit walk. The restaurant's friendly staff (yes, it is a shack, but with one of the island's top chefs), were particularly attentive when we told them that the Hix House had sent us. Mike helped us with our reservation to explore bioluminescent Mosquito Bay (a Vieques-must-do) and directions to many of the island's secluded beaches鈥攊ncluding our favorite, Blue Beach. The staff was consistently friendly and all seemed to genuinely enjoy their work. JoAnne was a wealth of information about the island.A final note鈥he managers' 3-year old standard poodle, Porter, was a particular joy for my girlfriend, as he reminded her of her childhood dog. He reminded us why we went to the Carribean in the first place鈥o play! We will definitely return.  
<Date>Feb 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>L_K_WashDC
<Content>FABULOUS as usual This was our 2nd stay in two years at Hix during the Christmas holidays. Last year was so incredible we invited my partner's mother to experience Hix with us this year and Diane  Michael and the rest of the staff at Hix didn't disappoint! Hix is a gorgeously designed property with a very zen aesthetic. For those who love nature as well as simple, modern design you may think you've died and gone to heaven. Besides the architecture we love having a kitchen in our room stocked with the essential food items needed for breakfast (lunch  dinner have been known to happen!). We've travelled all over the world and plan to make this special retreat our winter escape every year from now on! It's our home away from home. I'm already looking forward to our stay next December!Thx. L  K in D.C.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jazzaffi
<Content>A unique and serene place, Hix Island House       9am view from the Studio of Casa Triangular  
<Date>Feb 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lawgren
<Content>Honeymoon at Hiix We have just returned from a wonderful holiday at Hix Island House. We were given a very warm welcolme from the managers Diane,Michael and their right handwoman Brenda. When we were shown to our apartment- Loft one, we were not disappointed, it looked better in real life than on the web.We relaxed immediately,lazing by the pool or the swing bed. My favourite seat was the beautiful curved balcony from which I had a wonderful view of the island. The breakfast provided was great, the fresh bread was delicious,as was the local coffee, it was great hanging out in the mornings with out anyone knocking on the door to clean our room. Don't get me wrong, there was always someone around if you needed advise but guests are left to their own devises, which really suited us.Diane ,Michael and their team are great for helping out with local tips, they booked restaurants for us, pointed out the best beaches and even helped us when we were stopped by the police (it's a long story)!!The weekly cocktail party given by the owner was great fun,I don't advise driving afterwards! Thank you Hix House for such a memorable time,we'll be backLaura and Raechal London  
<Date>Jan 20, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Sciencenerd
<Content>Relaxation and Beauty We visited Vieques last year, came to Hix House to take yoga classes and decided to stay at Hix this year. It was a great decision. I was put off at first by the prices but after hemming and hawing, we bit the bullet. What a GREAT decision. My husband and I and our 16 year old son stayed here for a week, did yoga everyday, absolutely loved the living space, cooked our own incredible meals, ate delicious fresh-from-the-oven bread and soaked up the stars at night. If you're looking for relaxation, beauty, peace, quiet, back-to-nature architecture, this is the place. Also, there is a new chef at Chez Shack, a short walk down the road, and he is absolutely fantastic.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>burlboo
<Content>amazing I am amazed as how Hix Island House is. I am a city girl as well as my husband i was so glad that i stayed there. I enjoyed the pool the grounds the quietness and the tranquility that hix island House brings. As we checked in everything was great we was greeted by brenda the receptionist and she is the best of the best she new where to go and the best restruants on the island. She is the person to talk to for directions anywhere on the island and gave us everything that we needed in hand.The rooms are great it's like you are camping only with a roof on top. But you have your kitchen and you get breakfast you wake up with a cool breeze that enters your room and my husband just loved it. Obvisouly there are mosquitoes and bugs but you are in nature and that's was nature all about. Especially with the getgos in your room they are amazing as well.I will definitely be back to Hix Island House, and i will be making plans soon.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Adeliamisskitty
<Content>On a scale of 1 - 10: 11 My husband and I stayed at the Hix Island house, La Casita, for 5 nights during Thanksgiving weekend which includes our anniversary. It was the best vacation we've ever had. The following items contributed:1. The architecture. The concrete building material, the design (high ceilings, clean lines) greatly contributed to our feeling of well-being. It was like being at the newly renovated Museum of Modern Art in New York - no matter where you were in the unit, the visual impact was perfect. The bathroom and outdoor shower area was a dream. The space always looked great no matter how cluttered it got when we left clothes on the ledge and chairs and shoes (sometimes muddy) on the floor. The space is good for your mind.2. The comfort. The bed was great and bed linens wonderful as were the towels, robes and beach blankets. We loved Neeva Gayle's big shirts (and bought 2 black ones to bring home with us. I'm wearing mine right now). The kitchen was designed and appointed extremely well - well enough that we cooked all our breakfasts and 3 out of 5 dinners there (and sat under the stars on our patio and ate them with chilled bottles of Chilean red wine). We made sandwiches with the wonderful freshly baked bread for lunch (we grilled it first, it was good cold-grilled) and took them to the beach a couple of times together with some of the generous amounts of fruit that they provide (upon request). We also used the great beach chairs one day and sat at Sun Bay Beach for 3 hours. 3. The environment. It was, indeed, very romantic. You felt like you were one with nature and we often just sat outdoors on our ocean view patio quietly listening to the sounds and breathing the beautiful, jasmine scented air. The only time of day when it was too hot and bright to be on the patio was during lunch and then we would bring the small dining table and chairs indoors, close to the door opening, and have our lunch in the cool bunker-like indoor environment, with the door wide open. The shower, as I mentioned, was heavenly with a full ocean view and a wide ledge where you could place your cooling drink (i.e. a late afternoon beer) while you showered. The pool was divine - very low in chemicals and beautifully designed. I was there early every morning for my exercise and there was never anybody else there. We also took a wonderful, romantic evening swim one night under the stars (pool is open until 11pm).4. Very importantly: the people who own the place and the staff who work there. John Hix, the architect, is a genious (sorry to embarrass you John). His wife Neeva Gayle, is also a genious. They are absolutely great, caring, people and we feel like our lives are richer for having met them. In my opinion the item service includes the philosophy behind the place and my husband and I love the philosophy behind the Hix Island House: nature can't be controlled and the best way to enjoy nature on your vacation is to be close to it, not sealed off from it. Here you are close to it in a beautiful, comfortable environment.All the people we met who worked there: Diane, Brenda, Joan, were absolutely wonderful and helped us with everything we asked for - made reservations, replenished our room, gave us directions. As far as the replenishing is concerned, that's what made it such a great value for us because we got as much fruit and bread as we asked for and that accounts for a large part of our diet (we brought our own oats for oatmeal in the morning). They also provide eggs, milk, jelly, juices and even olive oil that we used for cooking. We made fried rice one night with the eggs. The lemons that grow on the property are wonderful to put in your cold water or beer. To everybody who hates bugs - I have researched the issue plus I know from my sister's experience from 20 years in Puerto Rico that there are no killer bugs in the Caribbean. Even scorpions and tarantulas are harmless. Remember, we are a FAR greater danger to them and their environment than they are to us. They may cause skin irritations but that's about all. I always bring Lanacain or something to sooth bug bites. We should all just enjoy every last little creature 'cause who knows how long we'll all be around at the rate that we humans are destroying our shared environment. All those little creatures are part of the chain - they all serve a purpose. Why can't we ever get that into our heads? The last Caribbean vacation we took last February our cottage was full of bugs and we just reminded ourselves of that and felt very calm about it.To sum it up: we intend to go back to the Hix Island House as much as we can and we would like to try all of the units eventually.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>RItraveller
<Content>Romantic 25th anniversary at Hix! Just returned from 3 nights at HIH and we could not have had a better experience. We only wished that we could have stayed longer. We were celebrating our 25th wedding anniversary and found HIH to be a sensual, romantic experience in every way.Everything starts with the design of the rooms and grounds. Our room (Loft 1) was designed so that the natural world was always present. Whether it was the sun reflecting off the brushed concrete wall in the morning or the fabulous night sky viewed from our outdoor shower, we were never far from nature. The rooms are designed to take advantage of prevailing breezes to cool the room so that there is no need for air-conditioning. This allows you to hear the coqui at night, the birds in the morning or the breeze rustling through the leaves in the tree outside the bedroom window. Yes there are occasional insects, but we used the candle powered lanterns and mosquito netting at night and had absolutely no problems.The amenities in the room were perfect. The kitchen was well equipped and we could have easily entertained several guests. We made breakfast in our kitchen each morning which saved time and money. The homemade brown nut bread was delicious toasted on the griddle. The bed was comfortable with plenty of pillows and the swinging bed on the deck was a nice touch. The grounds are beautiful, but not in a manicured formal garden sort of way. There are at least two trees with small lemons which can be used in drinks, etc. The pool uses a filtration system that minimizes the use of chemicals. The water is clean, warm and relaxing as you float under the palms. We arrived after 5PM on a Friday and there was no one else around so we had the pool to ourselves. It was a great way to unwind after a long day of traveling. Swimming at night under a sky with a million stars was magical. The staff (Michael, Diane, Brenda and Joanne) was friendly and helpful. They provided recommendations answered questions (the biobay trip is an incredible experience which should not be missed) and but did not intrude on our solitude. The masseuse they recommended (Lee) was excellent. Honor system beers and cold drinks at the front desk were a nice convenience.  Despite our enthusiasm, I agree with other reviews in that HIH isn鈥檛 for everyone. You are exposed to nature in ways that just don鈥檛 exist at most other hotels. If you are open to a different but wonderful experience, be prepared for one of the most romantic experiences of your life.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>godessathena
<Content>Unforgettable and wonderful August 16-18, 2006 My husband and I spent 2 days and nights at Hix Island house while on our honeymoon and it was unforgettable! We stayed in La Casita and had a million dollar view. The room was great. The outdoor shower was great. How do you describe an experience that goes beyond words? Ever so often, you could smell the scent of wild jasmine floating in the air. It didn't matter whether is was during the day or night the scent was just suddenly there. All day long the birds serenade you and at dusk the tree frogs take over. We laughed at the 5 minute overlap of the two which just sounds like 'noise'!! No place else did I hear the sounds of nature and smell the scent of jasmine like I did from our room. The temperature, even in August was always perfect. We laid on the lounge chairs in the morning and evening and watched all the different little birds flit around. We never saw another guest while we were there. We cruised around in the jeep exploring, snorkled, played, and enjoyed the beautiful little island and then returned happily to our room. We prepared most of our meals there and ate on the little patio and enjoyed our view. After spending 2 days on Flamenco Beach on Culebra I was in need of a massage which Hix booked for me in my room. They arranged for us to take the BioBay kayak tour which is a 'must-see' if you go to Vieques. When it came time to leave our jeep wouldn't start. So to make sure that we didn't miss our flight out they drove us to the airport and also called the car company to let them know where the car was. They took care of everything for us! Hix Island House is the most memorable place that I have ever stayed and we most definitely plan to return someday. It is unequalled and exceeded my expectations! Thank you Hix for such a memorable stay!  
<Date>Oct 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>missmaggie
<Content>Not Very Service Oriented The architecture and property site are quite unique, however I think the price is too high for what you get.The front desk is only open from 8 to 5 (unless the managers decide to close early for the day). If you need anything when the office is closed, you call a manager on their cell phone and wait.If you need additional supplies after the first day (shampoo, soap, etc), you need to stop by the front desk and request it.Daily maid service is provided at an extra charge, so if you make coffee and breakfast in the morning, be prepared to clean up quick or the bugs get to it.The rooms are starting to get a bit run down; there is mold in the outdoor shower, rust stains in and on the refrigerator, the fan was out of balance and squeaked all night and there were missing light bulbs.Also keep in mind, while there is visual privacy in most of the units, the openness results in little sound privacy.All in all, I think for my $245/night, I am looking for a bit more of a service-oriented hotel versus one that just relies on a it's architectural appeal.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2006
<Rating>2	1	2	4	1	3	2	-1	

<Author>paulieg19
<Content>Hix = Vieques. Tranquility. I signed up on TripAdvisor specifically to give a favorable review of the experience my wife  I had at Hix (we stayed in early March - I'm a slacker...).My wife and I were at our mental limits and had to get away, but I demanded some place different because I travel frequently for my job so I've grown numb to 5-star hotels/resorts, which all look  feel the same to me. I just wanted peace  quiet, away from people being paid to be nice to me. My wife, on the other hand, freely admits she likes to be pampered on vacations; but she compromised for this trip because I was particularly burnt out. Surprisingly, she was absolutely blown away by Hix. Not surprisingly, so was I.Recalling the trip afterwards, we agreed that one of the most memorable moments (along with BioBay, the great food downtown, having the Vieques beaches all to ourselves) was our initial shock opening the door to our room. It was huge, and beautiful in its minimalism. There was one reviewer who used the word sterile - wrong. Minimalist is a genuine compliment, as the Hix perfectly melds with the overall experience of Vieques. This is an island with only 10k people owning just 40% of the land; the electricity still occasionally goes out - for the whole island. Hix lets you quietly melt into the background and fully experience the tranquility of Vieques.Our view was gorgeous. An obligatory photo of the outdoor shower. Our room was huge. The bread  fruit was tasty, and the fridge a great option. And the outdoor yoga was by far the best yoga I've ever had; fresh air, rising sun, day heating up (good for flexibility).I highly recommend going to the Green Store for lunch picnics and grabbing the occasional breakfast or dinner materials. We went to another store and found worms in our pancake mix. We also swatted some small gnats at night when we played Scrabble (they have several board games downstairs). These things do not ruin a trip; they're part of the experience of an island that miraculously remains one of the best kept travel secrets. The best part of the trip was the lack of TV, computer, or any other electronic/media distraction. We tore thru books, we had a blast  a few fights playing Scrabble, and we had the unusual experience of just being with each other with no distractions. If that sounds boring, don't go to Vieques or Hix. If you want to go to an island for a fake getaway with self-important people dressed in $100 'casual' shorts - go to Nantucket. If you want to relax unencumbered with your loved one on the most unique vacation you two will take, fly or boat to Vieques and stay at Hix. It was our favorite getaway yet (and we travel *a lot*), and wouldn't have been the same if we hadn't stayed at Hix.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cpmt
<Content>Pay attention to your instincts While planning our honeymoon in Vieques, I insisted that at least two nights be spent at Hix Island House. It seemed perfect for us鈥攖ranquility, privacy, nature, and beautiful design. The first afternoon was great. Brenda was helpful and quickly made reservations for dinner at Chez Shack and a bio bay tour the next day. We spent a few hours lounging by the pool after the beach and then had wine, cheese and crackers in our 鈥渞oom鈥?(the studio). Lizards sunned themselves on our balcony and birds flew in and out. It was very peaceful and unlike anything we鈥檇 ever done before. However, the night changed everything. It would have been too dark and steep to walk back from nearby Chez Shack, so we had to drive. Bugs flitted around us as we played scrabble by candlelight. It rained on and off and was very hot, despite the overhead fan. I tossed and turned and only slept a few hours for fear of disturbing the mosquito net and getting eaten alive while we slept. The next morning we tried to make French toast with the homemade bread, while fighting off a combination of mosquitos, flies, rain, and powerful wind. (I鈥檓 sure this would have been easier had it not been the rainy season.)I felt guilty admitting to my husband that I hadn鈥檛 done enough soul searching and that Hix wasn鈥檛 what I had expected. Luckily, he was sweet enough to make everything okay. He talked to the ladies at the reception desk and they were sympathetic. They refunded us 75% of the second night鈥檚 stay and we checked into Hacienda Tamarindo鈥攁 place that isn鈥檛 stylish or cool, but our room had an amazing view of the ocean, private balcony and the option of keeping out most of the bugs.Although it was an interesting experience being at Hix, I wouldn鈥檛 call it romantic, because it was very difficult to relax. Although I did love camping as a kid, it wasn鈥檛 the right experience for our honeymoon. I know there are MANY others out there who love Hix and I鈥檓 not trying to contradict them鈥攕imply giving our take. I hope this helps those out there planning similar trips!  
<Date>Aug 7, 2006
<Rating>3	2	2	3	3	5	5	-1	

<Author>skatterbraind
<Content>Back in Chicago . . . and homesick for Hix The descriptions posted by other travelers of this hotel are pretty spot-on, for the most part. The design is stunning, the views are incredible, and the staff is so attentive to your needs.My wife (we just got married down in Vieques, and had our reception at the Casona) and I can't pay enough compliments to the managers, Diane and Michael, and our personal answer girl, Brenda. We've never felt choked up about checking out of a hotel, but this time, it was like saying goodbye to old friends . . . these three were our family in Vieques, and we're really going to miss them. Brenda, always cheerful, always helpful, will get you sorted on what to do and where to go when you're on this beautifully sleepy little island. In the weeks leading up to our trip, she was my point of contact for making sure everything was in order. On top of that, she helped serve food at our reception (more on that later), and our guests paid compliment after compliment on how much they loved Brenda. Michael saved our reception from dissolving into an evening of sit and stare. Unfortunately, a few of our 'party' guests dropped out at the last second, and we were left with an unhealthy mix of old and young that was hesitant to sit back and enjoy themselves. Mike played DJ for a bit and had the salsa going, and although people still refused to dance (my feet hurt/I'm tired/etc), Mike and Diane were dancing, and eventually a limbo stick popped out, and I ended up in the pool in my wedding pants. More people followed (some forcibly) and the mood loosened after that. ---- On a side note, while I didn't get a chance to try any, Mike won a hot sauce competition this past weekend, so be sure to ask him for a taste . . . I've gotta ask him to send us a bottle . . . As for Diane . . . working with Brenda, she made the entire trip as seamless as possible; she made sure we had chicken for the dinner the night before the wedding, she got the flowers to us in time for the ceremony, she softened the blows of 'wedding planning disasters' I encountered -- we could not have pulled off this wedding without her. It's rather rare to meet someone who's a genuinely kind person -- who's not just smiling because she has to. We feel fortunate to have had the opportunity to meet her and this Hix family. The hotel itself is astounding. We were lucky enough to rent out the whole hotel for our wedding guests, so we got to experience each of the lofts. Thunderstorms in your room, coqui (tree frogs native to PR) on your kitchen counter, lizards on your patio furniture, outdoor showers -- all very, very cool. The view from the 'skydeck' of Matisse, I believe (top of Casa Triangular), is beyond words. I'd never seen the Milky Way outside of pictures and the occasional trip to the Adler Planetarium here in Chicago -- on a clear night, the stars are right there with you. If you're worried about mosquitos, yes, you'll get a few bites, but so did couples that were staying in typical Inns and resorts on the island. Honestly, we got more mosquito bites eating at Island Steakhouse (awesome food!) than we did from eating in our loft. Put on some spray and you'll be fine. We had a bit of . . . uh . . . 'naked time,' and the bugs respected our privacy.I'd recommend staying in one of the upper lofts; we stayed in Loft 1 and loved it, but again, we were able to check out the other lofts as well since our guests were basically in every room. The upper lofts were nicer than the lower lofts if only because they had better views. For the love of God, though, if you're squeamish about bugs or lizards or creatures that go 'coqui' in the night, stay at Martineau Bay or something. The reviews that have been posted thus far are accurate, for the most part (admittedly, I was a little nervous about reading nothing but glowing reviews, and paid more attention to the negative than the positive comments). The person complaining about not getting bread -- there's a food request sheet at the front desk, we got everything we wanted every time we requested it. Write what you want down before 1:00 or something, and you'll get it, simple as that. We had zero problems in that regard. Sorry about the rambling nature of this review; we're still in a bit of a whirlwind from everything. While in Vieques, check out Sun Bay, Blue Beach, Red Beach, go snorkeling off Mosquito Pier and check out some starfish, eat at Island Steakhouse and Tradewinds, have a drink at Inn on the Blue Horizon, feed the horses around Hix some mangos, watch a sunset at the gringo bar in Isabelle Segunda (something Mar, I can't remember), say hey to Owen from Casa de Amistad (really cool guy), stop in for a chat with Tom at Tom's Flowers in Esperanza (also a really nice guy, did our flowers and went through hell trying to make it back from his vacation, kinduva funny story), and send Brenda, Michael (ask for some music recommendations), and Diane regards from Bernadette and Mike -- a couple of newlyweds enchanted by our experience in Vieques. We'll most definitely be back, if only just to say hello to some of the nicest people we've met in a very long time.Oh! And stay away from Martineau Car Rental if you can! Our Jeep sucked!  
<Date>Jul 20, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>abwilson
<Content>hix house was amazing!       stairs leading up to loft 3's balcony  
<Date>Jul 18, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>bdogmama
<Content>Grain of salt.. Yes, believe the reviews...Hix is all that, and more. But be realistic about your expectations. There are no windows and you are exposed. I was shocked to find out that I thought Hix was a little too one with nature for my comfort level (I thought I would be down with the bugs and rain) but in actuality found it much more camping than luxury hotel. Don't get me wrong, it is architecturally striking, environmentally friendly and a retreat from technology and the mundane routine. But it's not for everyone (and i'm not exactly a princess type). It just didn't live up to it's expectations once I arrived...and we didn't get daily fresh baked bread...we got one for the week. The owners were nice...enough...but not overly so (we met them once). I guess we'd heard all the hype about how wonderful Hix was and were a little disappointed it didn't live up to it.Something about being surrounded by concrete was rather disconcerting, almost sterile. The view was okay, we thought we would have a view of the ocean from our room. The furniture is actually very patio furniture like (in fairness the accessories were unique and wonderful), they have to be durable because yes, it will rain in your living room (and it makes the concrete slippery). We arrived in the beginning of rainy season and the bugs were bad - very bad. But my husband never got bitten. Our mosquito net told a story in the morning...I was afraid to do yoga - something about the combo of deet, sweat and bugs - which I had really been looking forward to as part of our trip. Turns out it was cancelled frequently anyway. The lizards are a novelty in the beginning but we grew tired of them all over our kitchen along with other friends with 4 and 8 legs.Bugs aside...If you're traveling to Hix, here are my suggestions:Bring books for the daytime, maybe even your computer (I know, I know...) for the DVD player with some movies for the evening.Split up your time (if you have it) to really experience the different flavors of the island - the areas are very different (Isabella, Bravo Beach, Esperanza) and Hix is somewhat isolated in more of a hilltop area. Good for privacy and solitude, not if you want to be closer to the action (restaurants, beaches, etc...especially at night). There are many beautiful places to stay on the island.Check out as many restaurants as you can!Of course I don't want to make it seem horrible. All of the things other writers have mentioned - I loved the oversized nightshirts, they provided books and games and the shower was hot. But for the price you pay it's not a luxury hotel as much as an eco-B  B or camping for architect buffs...  
<Date>Jul 13, 2006
<Rating>2	2	5	-1	2	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fabulous stay I recently stayed with a few friends at the Hix Island House over Memorial Day weekend, and must emphatically say that it was one of the best vacations I have ever had. If you are turned off, as I am, by the crowded, souvenir-shop infested, overpriced, commercial tourist traps that so much of the Caribbean has become, then you will love the unspoiled, natural beauty of this island and the elegant simplicity of this hotel.It takes about a day to fully appreciate the genius of the inn's architecture; when I first walked into my room I didn't quite get the huge open-air window cutouts and the polished concrete that makes up the countertops, floors, and walls of the buildings. However, the rooms are designed so that the gentle breeze is constant, eliminating the need for air conditioning, and it seemed almost miraculous that concrete could feel so comfortable and rooms so completely open to the outdoors could be so private (because of the way the buildings are situated on the slope.) And nothing feels better than taking an open-air (but totally private) shower. We stayed in a room called the Studio, and it had a nice kitchen stocked with fresh bread, coffee, juice, milk, and everything we needed, so we didn't need to leave our room until we were ready to go exploring. I spent long mornings reading on our terrace, listening to the birds singing and the wild horses neighing. The beaches were postcard beautiful and nearly deserted, even the public beach with its restrooms and concession (which served surprisingly good food). If you like driving around, there are many dirt roads leading to remote coastal areas. We also had lunch and dinner in the two tiny towns, Isabel Segundo and Esperanza, and the food was excellent wherever we went. The highlight of the weekend was the nighttime kayaking trip to Mosquito Bay (there were no mosquitos at all), which is said to be the greatest example of bioluminescence (millions of tiny organisms that light up when disturbed, or splashed) in the world. It absolutely has to be experienced to be believed. Just kicking in the water makes it light up like a fountain.Though the setting at Hix Island House is very private, the entire staff is very approachable and works hard to make guests feel comfortable. I would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>OdieWhitePlains_NY
<Content>a relaxation retreat and a place to fall in love again Because of the virtual zen like ambance and no technology to interrupt you will fall in love with your partner again. You have no choice in the matter. Conversations will abound and sleeping for 12 hours is normal. You will make love more in 4 days than you have in probably 6 months. Oh yeah, the island was great too and the dining were awesome. My favorite was Crows Nest steakhouse.  
<Date>May 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>unwind
<Content>Entering the 'Zone'.... and I'm not talking about the Zone Diet, which is hopeless with the wonderful homemade bread served each day. I'm refering to unwinding and relaxing to recharge you batteries.I got to this state in about half a day at Hix Island house, a record on any vacation. Innkeepers Mike and Dianne made sure we knew where to go, what to do, and where to eat. Their friendly, relaxed attitude will get you the full lowdown on the island and all it has to offer. The thing is.... it's OK if you don't step a foot out of Hix, enjoy the pool, take a walk, lounge out in the tropical setting and feel the gentle breeze of the Carribean. But what about the BUGS!? It's the tropics and you've got a non-airconditioned room open to the elements. We'll the breeze took care of the air-conditioning part. It was incredibly rejuvenating not to be in a hotel with the air-conditioning pumping away all night.The bugs were on vacation. I don't know if it's the breeze, or the dry season but they didn't pose a problem. I came fully prepared to douse myself with chemicals but in the end the cans of spray stayed on the shelf. Ok so where's the bad part? I hate reading reviews where people just keep gushing on and on, you know there must be something they're not telling you. We'll first if you rent a vehicle, make sure it's a high clearance Jeep like car. A quick shower can turn the roadsinto large puddles (if you asked Mike and Dianne they would have told you about this). It's fun if you have a Jeep but not so great if you get stuck in you Neon. Next even if you have a Jeep it's not a great idea to go exploring on a path in the jungle that no one has been down in the last 10 years. It might just... end and then you've got an interesting multi-point turn (speaking from experience). Also the scratches on the vehicle might be a problem when you return it to the rent-a-car place (errr... what scratches?) Last, Mike and Dianne will tell you about all the nice restaurants on the island. It's surprising how many there are.You should go visit every one of them if you get into your zone running or exercising. If you got into you zone lounging then don't be surprised about the extra bagage you're carrying on your way back.Last, don't miss the bio-bay on a moonless night, it's an out of this world experience!  
<Date>May 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Albatross37
<Content>Starbeds at The Hix Last month we had our wedding at The Hix House. During that time we spent 7 nights there, and had the whole place rented out for three nights during the wedding so that many of our friends and family (dogs included) could stay there. Having paid a visit on a scoping mission in October 鈥?5 we compared the Hix to both the Inn on the Blue Horizon, and Hacienda Tamarindo. We decided on the Hix because it is the complete package, having stunning views, exceptionally helpful managers in Diane and Michael, and a secluded privacy. As well, offering unique rooms of varied design, which take advantage of being in the tropics by being open walled, with many having outdoor showers. Additionally if your lifestyle makes you an environmentally conscious person, the Hix House is designed with a value system that is ecologically aware making your choice a responsible one as well.We enjoyed all the Hix had to offer, quite moments with nature, sweeping vistas from many of the rooms, a wonderful pool, and helpful staff that never let any communicated need go unattended.Based on having experienced all the rooms there I would highly recommend two over all others, 鈥淭he Studio鈥?and 鈥淟oft 1鈥? both offer the best of the Hix experience. While there we ate at Chez Shack, which is just a quick walk down the road and worth a repeat visit on a night that is not Bar-b-que night. Zee Foods, an Organic store a little further down the road is also a good place to get prepared meals that you can store in your Fridge at The Hix and have as a mid-day snack during a break from the pool, or take to the beach. A place to avoid is the restaurant at The Inn on the Blue Horizon.For weddings the setting could not be better. The staff facilitated our every need. Nature provided a perfect backdrop. When we go back I know exactly where we will stay, what else can you say!  
<Date>Apr 24, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It's raining in our living room...! ...and we loved it! Fresh island breezes, the smell of tropical rain, and spectacular sunrises...all without leaving your bed! Lizards on the ceiling, fresh fruit in the kitchen, and great homemede bread every day. Who could ask for more? The architecture is refreshingly simple, yet in perfect balance with it's surroundings. Shower in the sunshine and dry off in the morning breeze. Frogs calling at night, roosters in the morning. It really is the ideal combination of a luxury hotel  camping. The staff is exceptional. They really help make the most of your visit. The pool is paradise. Don't cut your stay short or you'll be sorry!  
<Date>Apr 21, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Novasurf
<Content>Spectacular Retreat Beautiful layout. Comfortable and seductive. We stayed in loft five, which had spectacular views. Michael and Diane are great hosts who pay attention to detail without being overbearing. We were supplied with fresh breads, eggs, coffee and fruits. Great to cook your own breakfast! Super soft shirts to lounge around in. Get familiar with constellations, the night sky is stunning. Highly recommended for the perfect getaway. Vieques is loaded with great restaurants, with both high end and local food. Do take the staff's recs. They were on the money. Will absolutely return.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Birdsong and breezes Awaken to birdsong, wild horses neighing in the distance and the Carribean breeze ruffling your crisp, cool sheets. Innkeepers Mike and Diane go the extra mile to make your stay easy and comfortable, and enthusiastically direct you to all the most beautiful beaches, activities and the best restaurants. Relaxation, simplicity, privacy and reconnecting with nature are the embodiment of Hix.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Total Recovery We went to Vieques the first time 22 years ago, while visiting a freind stationed at the base. We are puertorricans, and we had traveled extensivelly the islands of the Caribbean. After this visit we had come to the conclusion that this island doesnt have anything to envy from any other island in the Caribbean. Specially if you decide to stay in a place called Hix Island House. This was the best decision we had made, no phone, no T.V., no noise, just nature and friendly staff. It is what I call beach luxury. Simple high tec architecture , no frills, outside showers, confortable beds, well planned design with cross ventilation, high ceilings, wonderful kitchens which include the supplies for a good breakfast, a real nice pool, and a very attentive staff. What else can you ask for?!?! We definitely recommend this place if you are in a need for relaxation and an absortion of nature. The island had become something we hope the natives will be able maintain:chic casual beach life. Good luck to all.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>veryveggie
<Content>veryveggie! The perfect getaway. Island Breezes, Quiet Pool, Organic Fruit, Great Yoga, Friendly Staff, Welcoming Owners. We just celebrated our wedding anniversary in style in STUDIO. Everyone was so helpful. Great Massages from Christine, Super Dining suggestions, What a magical Island and stay on Vieques at Hix Island House. Visit veryveggie.com/blog for more info  photo.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Simplicity with just the right amount of help HIH was great. I appreciated everything about this hotel. The rooms are spectacular -- outside shower (but private), sparse and clean furnishings, great bread and food in the fridge, nightshirts made from egyptian cotton, high quality towels and linens. The kitchen had everything we needed to make dinner and used the Zee Store and the Green Store down the road to supplement what they gave us in the room. The grounds are beautiful, not manicured to give a natural feel. The environmentally friendly practices made us feel better about burning all that jet fuel on the way to and from Boston. Take a few Yoga classes and GET A MASSAGE FROM CHRISTINE! I had 2 and they were fabulous! Listening to the wind in the palms outside our room during a generously long massage was heavenly. Brenda at the front desk was so accomodating, she made suggestions and reservations for us the entire week. She is great. We enjoyed the food at Medina Luna the most, but the fun ambiance of Chez Shack on Reagee night was cool. It was also nice to be able to walk to dinner. Tapas at BBH was also very good. But of course the beaches were the best way to spend the day. We went to all the beaches on the way out to Blue beach and enjoyed the all for different reasons. Some were wavy and good for body surfing. Others were easy to swim and fun to snorkle. The one regret we had was that we didn't go to Green Beach with snorkling equiptment. We waited until the last day to go there and found it to be the best beach for potential cool fish sightings. Lots of nice boats to look at from mainland PR. Some people told us not to tell anyone about beautiful Vieques, but we are spreading the word. I am sure the local people and businesses would appreciate the tourists. I just hope the island finds a way to maintain its natural beauty and not become another all inclusive haven. Vieques is too special for that. Go, relax and enjoy a wonderful hotel and island.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>beachloverGlenRock
<Content>Hix is a Bit of Heaven We just returned from a wonderful relaxing week at THE HIX ISLAND HOUSE on Vieques, Puerto Rico. We had read about the resort in the NYTIMES and were facinated by the ecology-minded ideas that went into the planning of this peaceful place. The three guest buildings do indeed blend into the land. They are built with large open areas which face the east. As you rest in your bed, you are bathed in moonlight at night and sunlight by day. The showers are placed so that the run-off waters the beautiful natural foliage of the property. The spacious interiors are simple and clean, and equipped with comfortable furniture and the loveliest of linens. Much of the furniture is handmade by John Hix!We were greeted by Diane, Brenda and Michael. They welcomed us with great warmth and gave us the low-down on all the nice places to eat and interesting things to do. Brenda made reservations for us immediately at the popular restaurants and the Biobay.We enjoyed our week immensely. The weather was perfect. We visited many beaches and did some wonderful snorkeling. The local food was delicious and innovative. The visit to Biobay and the swim with the tiny sparkling plankton was an experience we will never forget. There was not time in a week to see all we wanted to see so we will be back next February!  
<Date>Feb 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Enchanted retreat on an enchanted island We had a wonderful time at Hix Island House. The feeling of sleeping outdoors is positively addicting. It's very relaxing to make breakfast and sit right outside your room with a cup of coffee while the jungle wakes around you. The hotel has a fun, easy vibe and there's a very cool dog named Porter who's really friendly and ready to play anytime you are! Don't miss meeting him if you visit. Managers Diane and Michael were really enthusiastic about the island's good restaurants and made reservations for each one. Every day someone was always available to help with beach recommendations, where to buy groceries and how to make the most of a stay on this small island.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Finley39
<Content>Perfect Relaxation Although we didn't stay at the HIH because of availability and price, I did get a chance to walk around the property and take a Yoga class. The Yoga class is excellant, $15, and meets every A.M. I don't do yoga on a regular basis at home but felt very comfortable doing it at HIH and was refreshed for the rest of the day. The setting is beautiful and you should definitely try it whether you're a yoga enthusiast or just an amateur.They allow tours of the property from 11 a.m. to noon but the rooms were occupied or being cleaned so we didn't get to go in one. Everything looked really nice but I'm not sure if I'd want to pay those prices for any room on the island after staying at Hector's by the Sea for $165/night which was the most perfect place on earth!  
<Date>Feb 19, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>dabidawg
<Content>when less is more This is a place where minimalism delivers more, not less. You will feel you are living a paradox- connecting in a compatible way with the natural surroundings while housed in low-key but very architecturally assertive lodging. This is the sensual place to experience Vieques. It is the perfect complement to the island's gloriously exotic ambience.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A dream come true I could not have asked for a more perfect stay. The staff, the rooms, the setting were perfect. I hate to give this secret away but Hix Island House rocks!!!  
<Date>Feb 11, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Spectacular stay at the Hix Island House I was taken to the Hix Island House on Vieques as a surprise birthday gift. It was quite wonderful. As a fan of contemporary architecture, I loved what John Hix has done with the structures. As a fan of small hotels that respect their physical locations, I admired that John and his wife, Neeva Gayle, have created a retreat that mirrors the casual esthetic that is Vieques and speaks to the beauty that is this island. Diane and Michael, who manage the daily operations, were most generous with their recommendations of things to do and helped with all the arrangements that we needed. All in all, everyone went out of their way to make us feel at home -- and we did. The experience was so good that upon departure we booked our return visit for next year. Our return to Hix Island House will be something that we eagerly look forward to in the months ahead. Highly recommended.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mamafood
<Content>beautiful, simple, peaceful rugged luxury The perfect place to get away from it all. Clean, simple and comfortable setting in paradise. peace and non intrusion is the motto. And eco friendly to boot.what more could you ask for. It's my new home away from home.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>NewOrleansBill
<Content>WOW! What a graet place Wow! Is all I can say. This place is fantastic. Visually stunning. The Achitecture is beautiful. The surroundings were peaceful and relaxing. The Managers, a wonderful couple Mike  Diane were the perfect hosts. They were attentive to all of our needs and very informative about the island. Their reccomendations for restaurants and attractions were right on. The island itself is beautiful. The people are very friendly. After a week you feel like a resident. This is a place that everyone should try at least once. Of course when you stay there you will want to return agian and again.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>babacock
<Content>wish we never left a perfect week! .......beautiful architecture, setting and weather, topped only by the warmest hosts. Diane and Michael are accommodating, helpful, and fun....like staying with old friends. Hix house is the right blend of private, comfortable and hip. Definately geared toward the more sophisticated traveller, who appreciates design and privacy......can't wait to go back!  
<Date>Jan 9, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ChelseaNY
<Content>Unbelieveable The website for this place doesn't begin to show how cool it is. I can see why people say it's not for everyone, but it was perfect for us. If you can appreciate modern, sort of minimalist design, then you will love it. It's all concrete, yet totally comfortable. The fact that it's open to the elements isn't as much of a factor as I would have thought. There were a few lizards on the walls, but we loved them! The open window was incredible - see the attached photo of our sunset view.The loft was absolutely huge and beautiful. You don't have the usual hotel amenities, but it was great having a fully-equipped kitchen, because we got tired of going to mediocre but expensive restaurants. (Tropical Baby was good but suffered from a gross burned oil smell; Media Luna was good but just not great for the money.)It didn't bother us at all being a few miles from the beach. No matter where you stay, you have to drive to the good beaches anyway. We loved Red Beach, even though it was a bit more crowded - great waves for bodysurfing. Blue Beach and Navio were nice, too. Didn't make it to Green Beach, but we did snorkel with Abe at Mosquito Pier, and saw a barracuda! A note about rental cars - I wouldn't rent from Marco's again. We had a very frustrating experience trying to switch cars when ours wasn't working. We went back there five times and he was never open - during regular business hours. I think there must be more reputable places.After staying at Hix, I can't imagine staying anywhere else on Vieques.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hix Island House- Must See to Believe!       Red Beach  
<Date>Sep 20, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>like camping for city folk The Hix was just stunning and wonderful, exactly what we were hoping for and more. Christianna even gave us (3 girls) two rooms for the price of one, because we'd messed up our booking times. The rooms were so beautiful, and being completely open to the elements, entirely unlike any hotel I've ever experienced. I will never forget the experience of showering under a night sky full of stars. We fixed up the best meals with the kitchens and the lack of tv/radio/phone gave us a real chance to simply rest quietly and reflect. We spent every morning first at the lovely pool (so nice to swim in non-chlorinated water!), and then every afternoon discovering our own new perfect private beach.Thanks again for such a lovely experience.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A 5 Star Experience Go to Hixislandhouse and reserve a time for an amazing vacation experience. This is the place. Architecturally sensitive to the environment. 5 star treatment for guests. Lovely hosts. Great ammenities. You'll love the trip. We're going back as soon as we can.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>REVIEWS ARE ACCURATE My girlfriend and I just returned from Vieques, where we stayed at Hix for three nights. Having now stayed there, I went back and re-read all the reviews on here, and I would say they are generally accurate.For the few who found it a negative experience, I think that more than anything it was just a mis-match. Yes - it is very open. If the idea of the occasional moth flying near your head gets you all worked-up, HIX IS NOT THE PLACE FOR YOU! Go somewhere with screens and windows - you'll be a lot happier. It is also about a 10 minute drive from either of the main towns (where all the restaurants are located) and about 15 from most of the beaches - so if you're not going to rent a car, or you want to roll out of ben onto the beach, again, HIX IS NOT THE PLACE FOR YOU.All that being said - I will now tell you why we give this place 5 stars (or circles...as the case is). As has already been said, the setting is STUNNING. Beatifully maintained grounds - and yet you wonder if it all just grows that way (it doesn't - but they keep it very eu naturale). Tropical flowers of countless varieties EVERYWHERE. Mango trees. Noni trees. Birds of paradaise. Magnolia trees. You name it - if it grows in the tropics, it's probably on the grounds at Hix. There are humming-birds EVERYWHERE - zipping from flower to flower, doing their thing. Just amazing to watch.The rooms are ALL fantastic. We were lucky enough to have Consuelo show us EVERY ONE (there happened to be nobody there when we arrived, and we virtually had the pick of the place). Each has it's selling-point, and I think their website does a good job of showcasing all the rooms. We decided to sacrifice the outdoor shower (for one with a large window, which we figured was almost as good) and we stayed in Matisse - which has its own roof-top view, complete with a beautiful flowering cactus garden. We probably would have taken Loft 1, but alas, it was the ONLY one that was reserved for the time we were there. I can't say we cared. I think we would have been happy in any of them (honestly - we saw them ALL). Each has a nice bathroom with plenty of towels, and a FULL kitchen stocked with pots, pans, knives, dishes etc. The also stock the room each day with fresh baked bread (baked by the staff), eggs, butter, corn-flakes, milk, juice, tea, jams, lots of fruit (ALL delicious and fresh). We were also doing backflips to find a coffee grinder, french press and whole beans, but found the coffe to be pretty bad. After buying some fresh in town, which was WORSE than what was given to us by Hix, we figured that was as good as it gets in Vieques. On the other hand, we are total coffee-snobs, and will probably bring our own next time. There are also some nice perks in the rooms (chess board, books, beautiful local art) which will make you feel more at home during your stay.The staff is great. Very accomodating and eager to please, but for the most part stays out of your way unless you need something. There is an honor bar at the reception area filled with nice cheeses, soda, and water - which you can help yourself to for a minimal fee. We were hitting the thing a LOT, and only paid about $25 for everything we took - which we thought was more than fair (i.e. not mini-bar prices). The weather we had was a mix of blistering sun, partial clouds, and down-pouring rain. We were happy to see it all. The rain (and darkness) brought the most amazing chorus of tree-frogs. There was the occasional mosqueto, but no more than you would get anywhere in the tropics. We found the light breeze that was blowing kept them moving. I would also recommend using ONLY CANDLE LIGHT at night (they supply TONS of tealights, lanterns, lighter etc - another nice touch) as this will keep many of the bugs that are attracted to light away from your room. They also put in the room plenty of Off and Raid - neither of which we touched. The bed has a mosqueto net draped over it, which you should use. We found it to also be very romantic - regardless of whether it was needed.We ate out two of the nights at restaurants recommended by Consuelo and found them very good (but VERY expensive!). We are from NYC and eat out a LOT, and even we found the prices a bit over-the-top. But the food was very good, so we just laughed at how incongruent it was with the rest of the island's rustic, minimalistic feel. It's only money, right?The Bio-bay tour was one of the most amazing things I have ever seen. Water that literally GLOWS when you move it - and glows BRIGHTLY. I will never forget seeing fish darting underwater, leaving a trail of glowing water behind them. It also poured with rain while we were out there, which was INCREDIBLE - each raindrop that hit GLOWED. You have to see this to believe it - and to go to Vieques without seeing it would be like going to Egypt and not seeing the pyramids! All in all, we had a wonderful stay at Hix. The island of Vieques was great for us. We enjoyed the undeveloped, rustic style - and the occasional wild horse running in front of our car as we sped around the narrow roads. The beaches we hit (Red, Blue, Sun Bay, Bahia de la Chiva, Navio and Media Luna) were all different, but nice. Some were rougher (good for body surfing) and some were very calm with sugary sand (good for being a slug). We found the snorkeling to be average for the most part, but did find some coral and beautiful fish off the east coast of the island at Bahia de la Chiva.If we could make one change with Hix, it would be that to have them come in the room each day and straighten-up and give fresh towels. The towels were given to us with a smile upon asking, and keeping in stride with their theme of environmentally friendly - I guess it's to be expected. This was not a problem or anything - just something we thought.We have traveled a LOT in the Caribbean, and I would say this was one of the nicest placed we have been to. Not nice in the way that you're pampered, but nice in the way that you can appreciate a beautiful, tropical setting from a cleverly designed, open air loft apartment - with all the comforts of home right in your room. It was perfect for us, and we will definitely return. We have so many positive memories of our short time there.Sorry this was so long, but I hope it helps. Have fun, where ever you go (GO TO HIX!).  
<Date>May 22, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pure Zen When me and my boyfriend found the Hix House on the internet we booked our room immediately. The pictures of the place sold us. Upon actually getting there I realized that while the photographs were gorgeous, they could'nt do the place justice. The Hix Island house is pure zen. You could'nt be closer to nature. The stunning views and the privacy and seclusion of the lofts were just healing and so peaceful. Aside from the everything else the people that work there were equally as beautiful and so helpful. I highly reccomend this place and have not been able to stop talking about it.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hix Island House gives back to you My wife and I went to HIH for a 3 day/2 Nite stay in the middle of the week looking for a romantic get way. We found that and more. The architecture was inspiring, the feel of the place made us feel like love making and the service and attitude of the staff was great.This place is very special and certainly not cheap but we felt energized just by being there. Hix Island House was a fantastic experience for us. Vieques is amazing, the beaches spectacular, tons of restaurants and great vibe all around.We recommend it if you are looking for private and romantic destination and not for hotel luxuries. Not the place if you are on budget.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>madam_bomb
<Content>Camping in style Hix House is great. The resort is set atop the hill with the buildings facing east/west. This gives you great morning views for most of the lower buildings, although the higher original building I think has better sunset views. The pool is beautiful and the lack of chlorine is refreshing. The birds and lizards around are great natural interest. The large amount of roosters on the island can be annoying (they don't just crow at dawn).The service was helpful, setting up tours and restaurant reservations. The island is definitely for outdoorsy people who don't just want to shop and plop and as you must drive, you'll have to be used to narrow winding, sometimes rough roads. The snorkeling was great especially around the island at Blue Beach and the rocks off of Green Beach (which isn't a relaxing beach, it's more for snorkeling or swimming). And the bio-bay is just mind-blowing. Take the Kayak tour with Abe. He's great.As far as restaurants go: La Sirena is a joke of bad management and despite the good tamales it's only worth getting a beer or watching the theatre of the owner fighting with her help. Bili is quite good but a little pricey for what it is. The Tiki Hut sandwich shop is good for breakfast but the sandwiches are a bit strange (the owner was very nice and let us get food just before he closed). Bananas had such bad taste in music (Britney Spears, etc.), it seemed it was only for the culturally challenged. Uvas in Isabel is by far the best hands down despite the price; service, food and the patio setting (don't eat inside it's nice but the patio is great). Michaels deli at Bravo! isn't worth the trip, just average and overpriced for the effort and what's up with the gourmet deli business plan? Why not a real restaurant? And finally, the highlight, Tropical Baby in Isabel. Great brunch and apparently a good dinner. If you're looking for a good supermarket to buy food for the room . . . good luck, we couldn't find it. People kept pointing us to it, but as far as we could tell we were either lost or there really wasn't a supermarket.We were in loft five and the only drawback was the sun streaming in at dawn. If you're an early riser (unlike myself) then you'd love this loft.Overall Vieques is a great place to visit, resembling a typical Mexican town (or rather two towns Isabel II and Esperanza) and offers great outdoor fun.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>nospeel
<Content>Amazing Relaxation! We just returned from an amazing week at the Hix Island House. Vieques is an amazing island. It is not for those that do not want to work a little. You need to do a little searching and driving for the beaches (over bumpy unpaved roads). And, all other activities - kayaking, snorkeling, hiking, exploring take a similar amount of effort. But, if you are, like us, somewhat adventuresome, your effort is well rewarded.The Hix Island House is THE place to stay on the island. It is like sleeping in a fabulous - well designed outdoor shelter - with the amenities of a upscale hotel. Chris and Kurt are amazing hosts. Morning yoga with Jennifer is a great way to start the day. And, Consuela helps cater to your every whim.Sleeping in the perfectly warm tradewinds (which keep away the bugs) with the sounds of nature in your ears and millions of stars in your eyes is a true delight. Waking to the morning sun and preparing breakfast with the amazing nut bread baked by Curt is the perfect way to start your day.Be prepared for having to make a very tough decision every day... Which of the many incredible beaches will you visit - life does not get much better than this!  
<Date>Mar 19, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>090909
<Content>Heavenly Oasis We stayed at Hix Island House in late February 2005 for 4 nights. What an enchanting place. John Hix has created a strikingly natural setting for the 13 open-air loft apartments. Each day we feel asleep and awoke to the sounds of nature. The outdoor showers are fantastic (and private), as is the crystal clear pool.If you're considering staying at Hix, understand that this is a place intended for quiet. You can hear your neighbor if he or she is speaking in a booming voice or making noise. That's the whole point of coming to Hix Island House - to slow down, find quiet and solitude, and be aware of your natural surroundings. Don't come here if you want to play loud music, party or behave as though no one can hear.Kurt and Christianna are very welcoming hosts, as is the office manager, Consuelo. The HIH resident mini pinscher, Apollo, will melt your heart. He is the nicest, friendliest dog who pretends to love every guest the most (Apollo must be the most photographed dog on the island).Although HIH is not located directly on the beach, it was never an issue. As long as you have a Jeep (don't rent a sedan - a 4-wheel drive is a must), you can be at totally secluded beaches in a short 10 minutes. There are great beaches throughout the island and on many you will never see another person. Our favorite was Navio for the waves and Red Beach for the calm, gentle waters.Best restaurant on the island: Chez Shack, which is just up the road from Hix Island House (walking distance). Their fresh seafood is by far the best on the island.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>4776
<Content>Magnificent This was our first trip to Vieques. We always love staying at somewhat different accommodations. Hix Island House was exactly what we were looking for. The buildings and the apartments were amazing. We loved the casual yet highly elegant atmosphere. However, if you are NOT a nature lover and you need all the necessecities of a big hotel, this is not the place for you. Kris and Kurt were great and helpful. We are going back soon.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2004
<Rating>4	5	-1	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>a once in a lifetime experience My husband and I had never been to Vieques before, so everything was very new to us. Hix Island House is beautiful, just like what you see in the pictures. It is a completely different experience than anything else we have ever done................as we guessed it would be. We actually split our vacation between it and another property just to try different things. (and to be completely honest we weren't sure about the no a/c thing...........to be even more honest, we brought a small box fan with us just in case-a little embaressing, I know)The outdoor shower is incredible, and very private.............as are the rooms even though they are so open to the outdoors. (water pressure and temparature was wonderful) Also, some of the rooms have a floating bed type contraption that hangs from the ceiling that you can lie on and read, star gaze, nap, etc. and we put it to good use during our stay. Everything about Hix Island House is relaxing. Most of our stay it was raining in Vieques, but we still had a magnificent time. The views are breathtaking, and you just feel one with the nature that surrounds you. Having time with your loved one with no interruptions is priceless! (No t.v., no phone, no computer)One last thing that makes Hix special is Kurt and Christianna. They were so helpful with rides into town to get our rental car to dinner recommendations, etc. One night they recommended Media Luna for dinner and we ended up seeing them there when we had finished eating. Our taxi was running a little behind, so they offered to take us back to HIH. They are so kind.If you want a once in a lifetime experience in a beautiful, tranquil setting where you can totally relax HIH is the place!  
<Date>Nov 18, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Getting away from it all That says it all! This is a place to come to if you want to forget about all the stuff in your life. Hix Island House is a reminder that architecture can have the power to transform your life, if even only for a brief interlude. My wife and I stayed for a week and, even though we rented a jeep, we didn't feel that we had to hurry to get to the beach because we felt so good just being in our room. It was the most relaxing vacation we have ever had.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>You Want To Relax? Hix Island House! Hix Island House is terrific. It is a unique eco-resort that is probably unlike any place you have ever stayed. It is a place where you are immersed in nature (on the fantastic island of Vieques) and can truly relax: no phones, televisions, radios, clocks. You wake up to the sounds of birds and fall asleep to the sounds of tree frogs. But Hix Island House isn't for everyone. If you want a standard resort with air-conditioning, maid-service, and a bar that serves fruity drinks then you should look elsewhere. That is not what Hix Island House is about.When I read the occasional clunker of a review I realize that the folks writing those reviews didn't do their homework. Complaining about the lack of windows or air-conditioning?! That's the whole point of this place as the Hix Island House website clearly states. The rooms you stay in are made entirely of concrete and each room has a wall missing. So you don't get a/c. But what you get in return is the opportunity to watch the sun rise and the moon rise from your bed and listen to all the sounds of nature without any break between you and the world around you. Yes, some rain will get into your room if it rains but you will not get wet. And it is wonderful to be lulled to sleep by the sound of a rainstorm.Here's the neat things about this place: A refrigerator stocked with fresh coffee, eggs, juice and cereal. Eating breakfast with your sweetie looking down to the ocean and watching the hummingbirds flit from flower to flower. Comfy bed linens, towels and robes. Taking a shower that is both private and exposed so that you can look over the landscape. Chatting with the terrific managers Christianna and Kurt. Swimming in a gorgeous pool in the evening and hearing nothing but frogs and crickets. Wandering the grounds and seeing not another soul. No phone. No tv. No radio. No clocks. Total relaxation.If that sounds good to you stay here. If you can't live without glass windows and an air conditioner look elsewhere.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hated it!! It is like camping but very expensive! Hix Island House was not for us!!! This is no luxury place. It was like camping, yes it was relaxing, but the relaxation stops at night. If it rains you hear every drop, and it feels very closed-in because the windows are actually wood shutters. There is no glass so you can't look out. They are either open or closed and there is no in between. Having a kitchen was nice and the hosts were great. The location was a little out of the way so you can't go anywhere without a rental car. It was definately like a camping experience they just provided you with the necessary amenities. If you want to camp just go to Sun Bay for $10 a night and you get the added bonus of having the beach near. Vieques was great, we fell in love with the island. The beaches are just spectacular and the people on the island are very nice. Next time I will just stay somewhere else. I find it hard to believe that all these people were so happy with this place, just being honest, hope this helps!!  
<Date>Sep 9, 2004
<Rating>1	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best Web Date Ever We now live in Philadelphia but I grew up in P.R. and left when I was 18. My wife, never having been, was in need of some real relaxation. I decided to look at Vieques and happened upon Hix Island House on line. W/O anything else, I threw caution to the wind, and after five minutes, decided to book an entire week and thus, call it a blind web date. We stayed at Casa Redondo in loft 3. WOW! And that is coming from a guy who has been to ALL the islands between Cuba and S.A. Yup, there are bugs, it is the tropics, and there is no T.V., Phone or room service. Yet, it is pure magic. My wife who is bug phobic had no problem whatsoever. It is like staying in a modern tree house set up for the Jetsons meet eco-life. Very modern and yet natural. No silly closed windows with AC blaring. Yet, it is too nice to explain. The hosts were amazing. For the first time, ever, my wife relaxed 200%. We didn't run to see stuff, we didn't cram stuff in, we simply relaxed. The pool is enough to make you apply for a job there. Rent a car, go to the beach, lay around in the room, shower in your private outdoor shower, pick mangos off the dozens of trees, laugh at the wild tame horses, dogs, cats and lizards. Watch the clouds roll past the windows. Take in the amazing fauna. Bring two good books. We found ourselves going to bed at 9 or 10 and waking up at 7 like rested babies. Eat at the Viequen for breakfast and dinner at M. Lastly, the people on that island are the most helpful and kindest you will ever find. Just don't rush! The hosts, Kurt  Christianna, were always there to help and just made the trip perfect. There seems to be some confusion as to who is writing these reviews. Just to keep it real you can email me with questions. I can't rave enough about the quality of this place.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolute heaven! This is the most amazing place I have ever stayed. It's like camping out with the stars and nature, but only better because you are inside on the most dreamy bed possible. A fabulous place on a very beautiful island.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Exotic but not luxurious I have to agree with the first review that staying at the HIH is ALOT like camping. If you do not enjoy being outside, need air conditioning or hate bugs, you will most likely not be comfortable there. We went in the off season, so it was very wet - nothing ever dried out completely. We stayed at HIH for 3 nights, which was enough - although we're very glad to have experienced it and will do so again in the future.The grounds and architecture are minimally invasive (very hidden) and fabulous. It's not manicured landscaping like you would find over at the Wyndam, but what would be there naturally. Beautiful. The pool area is stunning, and the water feels very clean (low chemical pool). Although we stayed on the top floor of Casa Rectangular during a booked memorial day weekend (according to innkeepers) we rarely saw or heard another person. The open floorplan gave views of the coast over the tree tops, and the nights were amazingly starry and peaceful. That same open floorplan lets the sun come glaring in EARLY (5:30 - 6 am) - so if you like to sleep late on vacation it's going to be difficult.There is no maid service, but whenever you request something it's there. The coffee is good, the bread somewhat tasty but a little mushy (maybe its the rainy season again). Nothing on Vieques is local (ie: fruit), so expect your basic apple and orange combo flown in from mainland PR.As for the luxury linens/furniture - we had a couple of Frette towels and I think the bedspread was from Ikea. We could care less what kind of linens are provided (again this was not luxury), or furniture - but if it's advertised as such then people expect it to be so. Also we had one very uncomfortable lounge chair made from plywood and a broken plastic armchair - so to sit together we had to perch on the balcony.The innkeepers (Kurt and Christianne) are helpful and very interesting to talk with. Being from over-developed Florida we appreciate what John Hix has created - an attempt to be minimally invasive and environmentally conscious. Overall we would stay at HIH again not expecting luxury, but expecting a quiet, relaxing experience.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Like camping - only better First of all, if you don't like to camp, you won't like Hix Island House. The rooms are open which means: no lights after dark and no leaving food lying around. I love camping so I didn't have any problems. In fact, it's better because you didn't have to worry about the tents collapsing and you have a constant supply of hot water. :) I just got back from my trip and I miss Hix already. The frogs, called coquis (co-keys), will serenade you to sleep. The rains will lull you into peacefulness. The sun and the roosters will signal the new day. The views are breath-taking. The pool divine.I never once wished for a TV, AC, or DVD. (not included in the room) I brought my own radio/alarm clock. (No clocks in room either.) The room also doesn't have a phone but there is one phone at the main office.I went in off-season, so this may not be true all year around. The island pretty much shuts down at 9 - 10. Bars don't stay open late and there's no place to dance and congregate. Vieques is an island to get away from it all. Don't expect coffee shops, ice cream stands, or bookstores. I found two chains - Directv and the USPS. If that isn't your cup of tea and you need your TV, DVD, AM/FM, then maybe Hix isn't the place for you.Being a single female traveler, I never once felt threatened during my stay at Hix, Vieques, or San Juan.  
<Date>May 13, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Space to Remember John Hix and Neevagayle have created both an architectural wonder and a welcoming oasis on a Caribbean island that embodies all that we love about the Caribbean: aquamarine blue waters, powder sand beaches, open spaces untainted by overdevelopment, creative Caribbean influenced cuisine and beautiful weather. It is hard to put into words the way in which Hix has integrated his finished and polished concrete structures into the landscape, but it echoes Japanese tea houses where distinctions between inside and outside no longer apply. Stay in the Matisse room, you'll never think about your physical living space the same again. Mark and Guadalupe  
<Date>Apr 8, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Unique and Relaxing Vacation Our stay at Hix Island House was one of the most relaxing vacations I have been on. I had done my homework and knew quite a bit about the resort before I arrived. However, for me, it exceeded my expectations!This is a beautiful place high in the hills.Beautiful tradewinds meant very few bugs while we were there - I only got one mosquito bite during my entire stay in Vieques. Our room was large and spacious and wonderful. It was as open as they described - we had a large patio that was completely open to the outside (there is a metal grate if that makes you more comfortable at night) A ceiling fan made our nights comfortable and we never ever noticed the lack of air conditioning. The openness of our room (missing the fourth wall as we were on the ground floor) made it completely unnecessary. At the same time we were never cold either. The kitchen contained all the utensils, plates and things we required (paper towel, etc). Neeva's potato bread is excellent and was still warm and wrapped in a linen towel when we arrived. A fruit bowl was also inviting when we checked in. We love to cook and it was wonderful to have a spacious area to prepare our own snacks and meals. Grocery shops are just a short drive away. The reception desk and hostesses were incredibly helpful with restaurant recommendations, directions, bookings, everything.A yoga class that I did while I was there was just that - a real yoga class where people from outside the place came to practice. Nightimes were incredible - beautiful star watching, especially from the lounge chairs that we had.One reviewer from last year felt the location was not convenient. Everyone is entitled to their own opinion. In my opinion, a car is essential for visiting Vieques. I can't imagine anyone coming to Vieques without one. We rented a Honda Element and found we were close to everything on the island. After a week of driving around from the Hix Island House, our gas bill was $14US. I think the location is central and perfect.Part of our experience was feeling as if the place was our home. And we truly did. We enjoyed washing our own dishes and making our bed. If we needed anything, we simply asked reception and it was done.Vieques was a wonderful place for peace and quiet. Most nights we 'hung out' watching the stars or reading. We had a truly wonderful meal at Cafe Media Luna one night - the tasting menu is fantastic. Another highly regarded restaurant Chez Shack is just at the end of the street (walking distance)I will definitely be back!  
<Date>Mar 1, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It is like a dream.... We have never experienced such a relaxing holiday as our few days at Hix Island House and the wonderful little island of Vieques. Vieques was a refreshing change from the other Caribbean islands we have visited, in that there was never a lineup experienced, security concerns were rarely if ever present, the beaches were incredible, and the restaurants, surprisingly for such a small place, were of exceptional quality and variety. In response to this setting, John and Neeva Gayle Hix have created the perfect complement. Imagine sleeping in a shell with an 18' wide opening to the softest breezes imaginable at your feet, and waking to the sun gently rising over the Caribbean each morning and illuminating your studio in a warm glow. The achievement of the architecture is that you have a very immediate connection to the natural environment (ocean breezes, sun and shadow, sounds of birds and coqui), yet are protected from the heat of the sun and the night-time rain showers, and can regulate it very easily by manipulating the windowless openings to the exterior. The connection between interior and exterior is often vague - living spaces that project unimpeded to the open sky, showers for each suite that are either open directly to the view or the sky or both, outdoor dining courtyards protected from the wind... The minimal, stongly geometric forms of the buildings magnify the beauty of the natural surroundings and very successfully capture the spirit of the climate. The grounds are a clever combination of wild trees and plants, with shots of colour or form presented by flowering vines and dramatic tall grasses, all orchestrated to provide privacy for the guests and a wonderful ambiance similar to ancient ruins in a jungle. One of the best discoveries is the award-winning swimming pool, with its copper-treated water and view over the hills to the ocean. The hospitality of the owners and staff were excellent, with a very well stocked refrigerator upon arrival, fresh-baked bread (which should be available for export!) and yoga lessons on site, and an eagerness to assure that guests make the most of their stay on the island by readily recommending interesting sites and good restaurants. Hix Island House is definitely a 'design destination', and in conjunction with the interests of its owners in environmental conservation, is also an experience unlike any others we know of. If you enjoy adventure and good design, we highly recommend it.  
<Date>Feb 10, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A dream honeymoon! Hix Island House was provided a spectacular finale to my honeymoon.Not only was the architecture fabulous, but the rooms felt private while being extremely airy and open. They have a very sensual quality to them - the rooms and the setting - the (extremely private) outdoor showers. The amenities were top-notch (fabulous pool with an awesome view), appliances and utensils were uptodate and spotless and all the details were attended to.Lastly, Kurt and Christianna who operate the place were prompt, responsive and extremely helpful.Go there at the right time of the year and you will also bump into the delightful proprieters : Neeva Gayle and John Hix.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>You don't want to miss! We loved our trip to Vieques, Puerto Rico and our stay at Hix Island House. It truly is a place to go, relax and enjoy the beautiful surroundings around you. The archertecture of the buildings is brilliant. The view from our bed was the best seat in the house for a gorgous tropical storm that greeted us our first evening during our stay at HixIisland House. The gentle breezes and the warmth of the Carribean is a place you don't want to miss! There are so many unique characteristics and one of our favorite features was the outdoor shower. What a feeling to shower under the stars, but still in complete privacy. We enjoyed our time at HIH and will never forget it's beauty:)  
<Date>Nov 26, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Believe all the 5 stars... Yes, you can trust all the 5-star reviews. (In response to the reivewer who was suspicious that the other reviews, surprisingly all 5 stars, were written by management of the property. I'm sure they were written by other travelers similar to me who found HIH well worthy of all 5 stars!)HIH is stunningly beautiful. Somewhat like being inside a work of art, surrounded by a work of nature. The Caribbean view is framed by an open wall. I for one loved the open-air feel - balmy air, soft breeze, sudden rain, and then sun again and shocking Caribbean color. Most of all, I loved the night sounds - especially the tree frogs. And the pool, steps away, was easily the best lap pool I've ever been in. Every time we returned from an Vieques outing to the HIH, we were re-surprised by it's peaceful beauty.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2003
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nature in control....not out of control. John and Neeva Gayle have set the stage for those who seek serenity and calm in the center of Nature's wonders. John's unique architectural style allows you to observe the natural setting without feeling you're the intrusion. The Caribbean winds play with his forms like delicate fingers on a fine string instrument with hummingbirds, King birds and cukoos chiming in as the chorus. Neeva Gayle's refined aesthetic sets the mood in each of the lofts and her homemade breads reinforce the comfort zone. She always makes you feel you're at home and goes the extra mile to make the holiday perfect.One visit to HIH and the unpretentious island of Viequez will reward you with desire to do it again and again.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful but buggy! Hix Island house was a gorgeous, remote paradise--the entire place was full but we did not see or hear a single person while we were there. The scenery and service was unbeatable!! Sunsets and sunrise were gorgeous. The downside: It was a little too close to nature for us and we would have preferred some screens on the windows! However, if you don't mind being right in the midst of nature and its surroundings it is the place to be!  
<Date>Nov 6, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beware Other Reviews   showReview(1434827, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 2, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Relaxing in Paradise   showReview(909917, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 8, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>noelle_c
<Content>Couldn't Get Enough   showReview(860216, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 22, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>An aesthetically perfect paradise   showReview(857088, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 13, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Eco-conscious and Sensual   showReview(855605, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 10, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Quelle merveille, Monsieur Hix!   showReview(853245, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 5, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PIPILOTTI
<Content>peace   showReview(852298, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 3, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>eddNyc_Ny
<Content>la colina de fabulous   showReview(850830, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 31, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Holy art museum Bat Person   showReview(835139, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 8, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>hate to use the term....total zen!   showReview(820516, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 5, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

