<Author>aggupta
<Content>Great Time at ESJ My family booked 8 condos at the ESJ towers for my wedding. The ESJ is clean, comfortable, and most importantly, the beach is easily accessible. I would highly recommend staying there if you are on a budget or you have a large group traveling together. You are close to all of the amenities of the El San Juan Hotel and an easy cab ride from Old San Juan and the airport. Another perk is that most of the private apartments come with 1 parking spot which is very convenient if you plan to rent a car. I was in a 2 BR with 1 and a half bath (apt 475). The view was amazing and the apartment can hold up to 6 people. We rented through Chana Cohen who was both friendly and highly responsive to all of our needs. You can contact her through her website:http://www.esjtowers4less.com/Enjoy!  
<Date>Dec 5, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	3	-1	2	

<Author>lscott
<Content>Love Puerto Rico, ESJ a good enough choice Traded our Florida timeshare for the 2nd time in about 5 years to ESJ, our 3rd trip to PR. We like PR because it is a Real Place, with history,variety of landscapes and friendly proud people, not just built for tourists. Everywhere we went, including villages, looked fairly well maintained and prosperous.This time our unit #553 was like a hotel room with a small kitchen (apt. range, sink, full refrig, microwave, dishes for 4) Last time we had more space but in sight and sound of nearby airport. This time balcony overlooked ocean; well, actually rooftops and very noisy service area, but wide ocean view beyond.Double beds, lots of bamboo furniture with many drawers. Room had new looking blue/green pattern carpeting, peach colored walls, tropic colored bedspreads and drapes. Table and chairs for 4. As exchangers we had no maid service which suited us fine. Bathroom had separate bath and toilet space, large sink and vanity space with closet and adequate hangers. Small soaps, extra tissue. Paper towels and dish cloth thingy in kitchen but no detergent.Not much contact with personnel but what we had was efficient and pleasant. Key cards did not always work for access doors to beach and pool. Watch that tricky gate to beach. Have to set it just right, punch in numbers and move quickly. I and many others got caught in between like a monkey in a cage and had to wait for assistance, but got used to it. Beach beautiful and long around the coast, great for walking and sunning but not many people using it for swimming, except on a holiday while we were there, lots of local families..Before, we went to Luquillo Beach along the coast to the east, famous and beautiful but we did not get there this timeWe (senior citizens) enjoyed just sitting on beach, reading (chairs $2.14 daily, towels free) and sitting around the pool. Rented Corolla from Hertz,, found out at last minute that our home insurance did not cover PR so had to buy expensive insurance; therefore we felt obligated to make good use of the car. Went to El Yunque rain forest one day, our 3rd time, but they have built a really nice visitor's center since last time with exhibits and facilities. We drove only as far as the tower and climbed up for the view, did not penetrate any farther. Lovely weather all the time we were there this week, 84 degrees and very little rain. Drove into Old San Juan, finally found parking garage. OUr car was equipped with GPS and we really used it but not always understandable in city and mountain villages with one way streets and detours. Traffic seems much much heavier than our last trip. Roads are good and well marked but lots of traffic and delays, even on the four lanes. We walked the usual tourist route, El Morro etc, in Old San Juan, had lunch near the cathedral.Husb wanted to drive into the mountainous interior. From an article in Que Pasa maga zine we chose Barranquitas with lunch stop in Aibonito and programmed car to take us by scenic mountain routes. It was that all right, round and round and up and down, good well marked roads but narrow and curving. Beautiful scenery of mountains. Had lunch at Aibonito and returned, did not make it to Barq.As previous reviews, we returned nearly every night to our fav restaurant, Mi Casita, also ate at Chili's across street from ESJ entrance gate. Minimarket in ESJ is well supplied but expensive. We bought breakfast supplies. There is a grocery store next door to Mi Casita. El San Juan resort and casino next door was a Wyndam property last trip. Expensive restaurants which we did not use this time. Casino took our money and did not pay off as well as last time so did not spend as much time there. Seems to have been ritzier and dressier when it was a Wyndam.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2008
<Rating>5	4	3	4	3	4	4	3	

<Author>Matt44
<Content>Served it's purpose My wife and I stayed in a penthouse unit at the ESJ for four nights. Reviews of this property are accurate. The facilities are reasonable with some inconveniences.Our studio was clean and well equiped. The elevator to the 16th floor was quick. The elvevator was necessary often as the beach, lobby and pool are on seperate floors. It is nesessary to use a coded keycard to a access the pool area. Pool is OK. You get a towel with no hassle. No access to the beach and beers are $4.50 You must buy them from ESJ. The pool has no slide, floatation devices, umbrellas or filter. An out of water filter is mobile and used to clean the water. To get to the beach, back on the elevator and down to the garage. Pick up complementary chairs and towels. Lug them through the garage to a revolving privacy gate and enter the code. You must stick the chairs through the opening of the fence and gather them on the other side. Very old chairs but they work. No bathrooms or concessions available.The local area has some good restaurants . Mi Casini is a block West in a shopping center. It is excellent. To the East is Interpol. Also very good but no breakfast.Rented a car as there is not much to do locally. Reasonable rates. Advised by ESJ to look for our P-spot as they are not in order for security reasons. Four floors of searching random numbers. We never found it in two days. Ran the risk of using guest parking and won. We still can't make sense of this. Also, the conciere was helpful in calling the rental company but not much help in pointing out that they were looking for us outside while I roamed the lobby for 20 minutes.Internet access is their strong point. Available all day with no wait,We never venture to SJ before. Probably will avoid in the future. Expensive and inferior to remote islands in the Carribean.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	3	4	2	4	

<Author>joshua05_123
<Content>great location and reasonable $. If you are looking for a decent place to stay at a reasonable price then this is the place. Keep in mind this is an older hotel and could use updating but it is clean and the staff was great. I went through Chana Cohen who did a great job and I received all I was promised. Web site is www.esjtowers4less.com  
<Date>Oct 28, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>katfazz
<Content>Rent a Condo at ESJ Towers We rented a condo in the ESJ Towers directly from the owner.Cost effective and spacious unit. See the website esjtowers4less.com. For a family, this is the way to go and I will not rent regular hotel rooms in PR anymore. We had 2 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, LR, DR, kitchen  balcony for a lower price than a standard hotel room. You arrange with owner, check in directly at hotel desk, and pay owner after seeing the condo. Beautiful pool, snack bar, cocktail lounge, mini-mart and right on the Isla Verde beach. Walking distance to many restaurants and other hotel properties. We will always rent from Chana on future stays.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>neenz223
<Content>Nice trip Stayed at the ESJ on 8/11-8/16 and had a great time. I agree with other reviewers that the rooms at least need to be updated. Accomodations were clean and staff very helpful and friendly. Was leary of going because I went alone but I felt safe there and the beach was beautiful. Concierge offered tours, so I went on the El Yunque Rainforest tour and then the Barcardi Distillery and Old San Juan afternoon tour. Lots of things to do even though I went by myself.Happy Apple Restaurant was terrble-would not suggest anyone going there. Told me it was a buffet ($13 that was charged to my room) but the buffet was chicken vegetable lasagna with green beans and rolls ??? I wouldn't call that a buffet! Other con was the a/c unit was right outisde on the balcony and it was very noisy-no way to talk on a cell on the balcony while it was running and had a hard time sleeping because of it. Depsite that it was a great trip and ESJ wasn't as bad as I thought it would be.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	4	5	4	3	

<Author>mendiola1
<Content>Dated ESJ Towers Stayed at the ESJ TOWERS the beginning of July. Checking was quick and uneventful. We stayed on the 6TH floor which faced the east side and some partial views of the Atlantic. As far as Personnel, every one was very receptive to requests.You have to request towels for the beach, but the location is on the way to the beach, so it is not inconvenient. What is inconvenient is when you have to walk all the way to such location for your room towels or toilet paper. The access to the beach as right behind the hotel, but we were perplexed by the fact that it does close at 7:00pm, yet you can walk a few blocks and have access to it. Perhaps this is to reduce liability for the Hotel, however, when the pool closes also at 7:00 pm , it really puts a hamper on trying to relax and enjoy the premises after dinner. The beach was extremely busy, but it could have been due to the date, we were there for the 4th of July. As far as the pool, was clean and a decent size. The lounge chairs were in great condition and there was some cabanas with tables provided, and the towels for the pool were actually provided right there also. You do need to provide for the room key so they will attach a band in order for one to have access to the pool. The room was a different story, although the beds and sheets were very clean, the carpet and the bedspreads/window treatments contrasted. Not that we expect everything to match, but there are somethings that could be done to create a more inviting room.The kitchen was mainly a galley kitchen, but it did have all the necessities needed for cooking, except for a blender. That was one necessity that should be incorporated, perhaps they could save the money they are spending on the hand bands at the pool and purchase the blenders. Although, our room faced a residential area, it still had some partial views of the Atlantic. The balcony was big enough to add a couple of chairs and small table, but at least if offered such an amenity, although, the A/C unit could be quite noisy.We did have breakfast one day at their restaurant, once again the decor was drab looking and the lighting was too dull. We had breakfast for 2, it was about $24 for a hot breakfast, nothing out of the ordinary, except for a gregarious middle age woman who sang to us and everyone else there while serving coffee. She was the only Sunshine in that location.There is a small store on the premises, and it carries the necessities.The hotel is very centrally located so you can walk to restaurants, and other hotels. It does sit behind the El San Juan, which like many big name hotels, has a Casino. Also, straight out of the hotel, you can find a supermarket, you could walk, but it might be about 8 or so blocks. If you have a rental, you will need to fight for the guest spot in the underground garage.If you are not satisfied with the beach in front of the hotel, do walk a few blocks to the east, it is situated between the Ritz and the Marriott, it is less busy and quite smooth.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	4	4	2	

<Author>hmulloa
<Content>An okay place... I just came back from a six day stay in a studio with my husband, sister, 4 yr old daughter and 20 month old son. Yes, a lot of people but it worked fine. After reading a lot of these reviews I felt I knew what to expect and that's what it was. The decor is from the 70/80s but regardless the room and hotel were clean. The sheets had an emblem of the hotel with the year 1975鈥?think that was the last time they ever made any changes.The point of this trip was simply to visit Puerto Rico for leisure and tourist attractions. That's what this hotel was perfect for. We woke up every day, got ready and went out. This hotel met that need. There were the occasional rain showers that forced us to stay a couple of hours and it was okay.We rented a car and that's something I would recommend. We never ate at the hotel restaurant based on the recommendations on this website. We did buy groceries on our first day and had breakfast in the room every day. I even cooked dinner two days and had everything I needed there in the small kitchen. If you are planning on using a computer while there, I would recommend you take your own if possible. Every time I went to the 鈥渂usiness center鈥? there were teenagers on all six computers using MySpace. They aren't supposed to be on there (a sign reads 鈥渘o minors!鈥? but you can't get them off. While I was there a lady asked a 10-12 year old boy if she could use the computer. The boy left and returned with his mother who almost got into a catfight with the lady over this. Management came and took care of it. Regardless, the wait and the fact that no one monitored this (until after the scandal) was ridiculous.Finally, the only thing that was odd to us was that ever time you needed anything (towels, clean sheets, toilet paper, etc.) you had to go to the basement to get these items. They didn't bring anything to you. Did I mention that you are charged $5 a day for these items? That is what I did mind, but simply thought oh well. Other people on this website seem to have minded the fact that they needed a code to get to the beach but I felt secure because of that. If you have any questions, feel free to contact me.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	3	4	2	

<Author>eddie3500
<Content>ESJ towers Was there from 5/24/08 until 5/31/08 the room was great everything was fine  
<Date>Jun 3, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nnjprman
<Content>ESJ TOWER MEMORIAL DAY WEEK I just returned from an 8 day stay at the ESJ TOWERS. I stayed from May 23rd to May 31st. I had a great time in Puerto Rico and the ESJ TOWERS was a good and clean place to sleep but warning, this is not a resort or a hotel with many amenities. It is more like an apartment building.PROS1. CLEAN2. FREE PARKING3. ON THE BEST BEACH IN SAN JUAN4. NEAR GREAT HOTELS AND RESTAURANTS5. SHORT DRIVING DISTANCE FROM CONDADO  OLD SAN JUANCONS1. NEEDS RENOVATION-LOOKS LIKE THE BUILDING HASN'T BEEN RENOVATED/DECORATED SINCE THE 70'S2. RESTAURANT IN THE LOBBY IS INSUFFICIENT, NOT WORTH GOING TO.Bottom line, if you are looking for luxury, this is not the place to stay;however, if you just need a clean place to stay on the best beach in San Juan, it's for you.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Melevated
<Content>Isla Verde (Port of Reeko) My family of 5 stayed in the ESJ Towers for 10 days. Upon our arrival, the door to our studio unit broke before we were unpacked and locked us out. The property owner came after waiting over an hour. We used the sliding patio door and left our personal belongings in our unlocked room for the first day of vacation until they repaired the locking mechanism.Our private porch consisted of hot, sticky, tacky green flooring with 5' concrete walls that hid our view from the pool, but allowed mop water from other balconies. And as for the door leading to the pool; it automatically locked after closing it and our owner provided no key, even after we demanded one. So we used a nearby concrete ledge to step up and over the wall to our room until security (I like to refer to him as the towel nazi) scolded us. So poolside was NOT poolside and even if it were easy to get to and from the pool from our poolside room, the pool only overlooked a portion of the beach, but was not accessible from the pool. We had to walk back indoors, take the elevator to the parking garage, walk 5 minutes through the garage to the towel rental room (which was often vacant), and then through a sequence of secured doors (swipe cards) and when we made it outside alas, we had to remember a 6-digit security number to get to and from the beach.A code that, although I kept forgetting (I'm sorry i WAS on vacation after all) other guests and locals alike recited whenever I chose to walk the beach, I mean between the hours of 9am-7pm of course. Once on the beach, we found the need for sandals, as glass and seaweed cluttered the shore. To the right, we noticed that raw sewage was being emptied directly onto the beach from a restaurant, so that area was out of the question. For the remainder of the vacation we swam in the pool, played poolside BINGO (which was the only quality entertainment, if that floats your boat) and walked along the shore, but we never felt a sense of security or safety, maybe a sign from all of the beautifully landscaped RAZOR WIRE that made me feel like I was in Alcatraz.We thought we would try the rest of the island, since we read about beautiful beaches in Puerto Rico. Another let down. Don't try to travel the island in a day, it takes forever considering there are only 3 places of interest along the way (tolls ranged from .50-$1.75). The town of Ponce, with it's cute marina appeal, isn't worth the drive with it's shallow coral beach, not to mention the public bathrooms that were splattered with human waste (a recurring theme in Puerto Rico). San Juan is what it is, a port town that attracts cruise ship tourists. I do, however, recommend the El Morro Castle tours in Old San Juan.Overall, ESJ Towers is not a beach destination. And since the building itself casts a shadow over it's own pool until almost noon everyday, and the stand up jacuzzi closes at 4pm, I can't say it's a sit by the pool destination either. If you are considering Puerto Rico, I would suggest the Intercontinental San Juan Hotel  Casino, with it's cleaner sea, ocean front pool and accomodating nightlife.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2008
<Rating>1	2	1	1	1	3	1	3	

<Author>mandalay1971
<Content>Highly Recommended! For around $200 a night, this hotel is hard to beat. The staff was excellent! They are very friendly and helpful;made me feel like home. Love the location too; it's right on one of the popular streets in San Juan ,10 minutes to the airport and the beach is in the back yard. Very secured hotel with indoor parking, large pool, bar, variety store, cafeteria and more. Highly recommended, especially for the price.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>kely53
<Content>MUCH better than expected after reading reviews!! long review We just returned from 8 nights at ESJ Towers. I read all the reviews on this property and was quite apprehensive as to what we would find.We booked our 3 bedroom/2bath condo from a private owner. We did not book through ESJ Towers so I cannot comment on the units they have available for rent. We knew going in that that this is was not a fancy resort with all of the anemities they have to offer. The location is great. The staff at ESJ Towers were great - couretous, friendly, extremely helpful......they couldnt have been better. The conceirge is open every day until about 9pm. It was an invaluable source of information and help for us. We found the lobby large with lots of seating. My husband spent a fair amount of time using the wireless internet in this area. There were 2 rooms with computers and printers - great for printing out boarding passes or anything else. There is a mini mart on site that has a huge variety of items including beer, wine, liquor- yes they are more pricey than a large food store, but it is very convenient to pick up a thing or two. I had read alot about beach access. It was not a big deal at all. You take an elevator to the parking garage, exit, walk maybe 30 steps to a door (security - you need your room card to exit) that leads to the beach. It is not dark during the day as the entrance the cars use to enter the parking garage is right there and lets in LOTS of light. Also the fitness center is located in this area of the parking garagewhere you can also sign out towels and rent beach chairs for $2 . Once you leave the building, you enter a small playground area and a gate to beach access. You punch in a 5 digit code to open gate to beach. This access code was the same the entire time we were there. There was also a securty guard there most of the time checking our names off the list. There is also a man right on the beach in front of ESJ Towers who rents nice beach chairs for $4 a day. Water sports are located very nearby too (jet skiis, banana boats etc).The pool......This area was very nice and large. It had lots of reclining beach chairs. The chairs had cushions on them and towels were always avaialble. We were there over Easter and we were always able to find chairs. There is a small snack stand that sells soda, water, beer, alcohol drinks and hotdogs. There is also a nice bathroom in the pool area. There is security there - a ESJ security guard checks your name on a list and gives you a wrist bracelet. We did not use the restaurant or visit the Mano Mano Lounge. There is a billiard room with 2 pool tables. Also a card room with 4 tables. People were using this as a computer room for wireless internet users. The game room had approximately 10 video games in it.You have to pass through a security gate to enter the property. There is also a security person where you park to register etc. He was great! There is also a securty person where you enter the parking garage. This is a very secured property. From what I observed, all of the properties are treated in this way. While some people find this an aggravation. It is done for our safety. This isnt a 5 star hotel or resort. For us, it worked great. We had a nice clean condo with 2 ocean view balconies, washer and dryer 3 tvs etc. Hotel prices in San Juan, especially beachfront, are pricey. I would suggest you research private owners who have property here. Quite often you can see pictures of their units and that is a great help.Overall, I would not hesitate to stay here again. It isnt the Ritz or the El San Juan......but you arent paying the high prices like you would staying there. We chose it so we could all stay together in one condo as it was a family vacation. We didnt want to stay in a hotel with separate rooms for a week. If you have any questions, send them my way.Karen  
<Date>Apr 2, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>AisleSeatPlease
<Content>Good place for a good value We booked here when our original hotel turned out to be a complete dump. We were lucky to get anything last minute and overall, we were pleased. This is a combo time share property and hotel. The rooms are very large and include a kitchenette (great if you want to travel cheap and do some meals in), double beds, large bathroom, eating area and balcony with beach views (contrary to one reviewer, I really can't imagine that she didn't have a beach view!). Unlike some reviews, our room was very clean. The ratan furniture and tropical style bedspreads are kind of tacky (think Golden Girls), but no big deal as long as everything is clean. We were first booked on the third floor near the loading dock of the hotel next door. They have deliveries at all hours of the day and night. We were awoken at 2am with them unloading tables and chairs for a large party the next day. Unfortunately, the hotel was fully booked, but they placed us in another room the next morning. So, ask for a room either on an upper floor or at the front of the hotel unless you want to listen to trucks all night. True, you are right next to the airport and some of the planes are loud, but not enough to really bother us...but we live somewhat near an airport too. Unfortunately, even more loud is the air conditioning unit that is on each balcony that makes sitting out on the balcony less than desirable. Not enough to bother sleep, but loud on the balcony.The beach was fantastic and the pool was great. It would be better if there was direct access from the pool to the beach. Vendors are on the beach for chairs, para-sailing and jet skis. The staff was very friendly and accomodating. Great parking in an enclosed garage. Near all sorts of restaurants and easy access to the highway for quick trips into San Juan or other parts of the island. We stayed here at a fraction of the cost of close by pricy hotels and simply took advantage of services at other hotels with a short walk (i.e. restaurants, casinos, shopping). Though there is a convenient mini mart in the lobby. We had breakfast at the hotel once (not good) and did not go to the bar or game rooms or onsite gym. For dining, I highly recommend Alfredo's restaurant at the Intercontinental. Somewhat pricy, but great food and great service. Ask to sit outdoors.One down side is that being a time share, most of the residents were older (70s and above) and you again had the feeling you were on an episode of the Golden Girls. This was mostly apparent at the pool vs the beach which was a very mixed crowd. Being ins my 40s and wanting a quiet, relaxing trip, I didn't mind, but my travel companion in his 30s felt awkward. So, it's not the Ritz, but youre not paying the Ritz prices either. Instead, it is a good value for on the beach property, clean rooms, convenient location , friendly staff and lots of in house services.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	5	4	3	

<Author>mongcop3086
<Content>Great Location!       Outdoor dining at ESJ Hotel  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>karthikb
<Content>Great family vacation       rainbow view from the room  
<Date>Mar 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>explorer34
<Content>needs updated,not hotel for over 150$ a night i expect a nice hotel. this hotel was bad. the pro'sfriendly staffsecuritythe conshotel is extremely old and outdatedroom had wet/damp smelli saw 1 small cockroach in roomcharged 2$ a day to use a safe in the roomice maker didnt work and wasnt fixedbreakfast buffet was powder eggs and 4 items that were badparking and beach access was a problemwould not stay there again/you shouldnt either  
<Date>Mar 12, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	2	3	2	

<Author>denisenbrian
<Content>2* hotel at best we stayed from jan 27 to feb 3. this was a timeshare trade through interval international. first the good stuff. we had an oceanview room on the 12th floor with a beautiful view of the beachline. the beach was very nice and the restaurants and bars in the area were great and reasonable.the pool was very nice. Now the bad. the hotel is in desperate need of repairs. our furniture in the room was worn out. the dresser and bathroom cabinets were made of wicker. water pressure was bad. ceiling leaked in bathroom and on the balcony. when i checked for leak by lifting the ceiling tile i was skocked to see that the ductwork was made of cardboard wraped in ductape, very healthy. i came down with a bad cold, maybe from the air conditioning? the whole building needs to be redone. we took the bus back to isla verde from san juan one day. what an experience. they go right through the roughest and poorest part of town. part of the culture i guess. i would go back to the area but not at esj towers. the intercontinental or the ritz-carlton are the 2 nicest hotels in the area. the el san juan was nice but their casino smells like the carpet had been wet, very musty. taxis are very pushy and expensive  
<Date>Feb 4, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	5	2	4	4	-1	

<Author>donnie_becka0620
<Content>ESJ was excatly what we needed!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!       POOL VIEW  
<Date>Jan 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>tpenadiaz
<Content>ESJ - No way! Traveled to ESJ Towers in August 2007 with 2 children, my sister, my niece (17 yrs old) and my Mom. I would absolutely return to Puerto Rico, but highly unlikely that I would return to ESJ Towers. Ok, first the good news: the towers are a 5 min trip to the airport...yet I barely heard any airport noise. The location of the towers is fantastic - very central and about a 40 min cheap bus ride straight to Old San Juan (a MUST VISIT - El Morro and the streets of Viejo San Juan - eat at El Jibarito - delicioso!) and some good restaurants nearby. You can also walk to a large grocery store (Pueblo) to do food shopping. The units have kitchens, so we had breakfast in the room and packed lunch to save us money. There is a SUPERB car rental place - Charlie's - they are local, extremely accomodating, will pick you up, clean, new cars - we were very pleased with them. Isla Verde beach is nice...I guess being of Puerto Rican decent, I am biased, but the waves were nice and it was mostly clean - just a nice, friendly vibe. Our room also had an excellent view of the beach and the sunset. We rented a car and drove to El Yunque rain forest (another must do) and the Caves of Rio Camuy (awesome).Now the bad news: AUGH - ESJ is the MOST dated and tacky place I have ever stayed. I am an easy going traveller, but c'mon, this place was screaming Scarface Miami 1970s. The lobby was awful - dark and dim, orange pleathery couches, stale smell, I didn't even want to hang out down there. The rumpus room for children looked like it was decorated by a clown on drugs - hurt my eyes to be in that room! The ping pong table was broken. The elevator to my floor never stopped if we pressed the down button, so we had to press the up button and then suffer the ride until we could go down. The carpet in my unit was always damp - especially around the A/C closet. The bathroom badly needed a facelift. Everything was just dingy, dark, old. Getting to the beach and pool was a HUGE pain, especially with small children and an older person. Mom actually got stuck in the turnstyle - if you don't press the key code in quickly and push hard within 5 seconds - you will get stuck - thank god there were some nice guests who helped out my Mom. The grand entrance to the hotel is horrible - I thought I was actually being ushered in through the back door - not welcoming or pretty at all.Again...location is the best but a really outdated place - needs improvement.  
<Date>Jan 12, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	2	2	3	1	

<Author>selfadvocate
<Content>As a person w/ a disability, I enjoyed the stay       Dining room  
<Date>Oct 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	4	4	2	

<Author>Lil-Brewster
<Content>This is a Outdated Hotel Not A Resort! We exchanged our week for this DUMP! The only nice area of this so called resort is the lobby. The units are in BAD need of updating! The view from our unit was of the airport, even though I requested a ocean view. Upon check out they try and hit you with daily charges. Charges for the pool, internet, security and what ever else they can think of. We never used the pool it closes at 7p.m. and I never say any security. Internet service for what I asked I did not bring my laptop. When I refused to pay the fees. I admit had I used or seen a security guard then I would have had no problem. The mgr started yelling at me in spanish and talking to the other lady in spanish. I did remind him that I don't speak spanish. Oh, I also failed to mention the 1st unit they tried to put us in had no door knobs or door locks. The unit we stayed in had no a/c for 2 1/2 days and the stove was @ 30 yrs old only 2 burners worked. I would go back to San Juan but I will stay next door at the San Juan Hotel!! What a beautiful place now that is what a RESORT SHOULD LOOK LIKE!  
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	1	2	1	

<Author>Catsmeow3
<Content>ESJ is OK Previous reviews made me very wary of staying at ESJ, but since I did not make the reservations and was not footing the bill, I figured I'd see it out. My experience ended up being better than what I expected. The decor is out of date. The staff was very friendly. The room was clean enough, nothing scary. The sheets were horribly thin and rough. It is your basic timeshare proptery, nothing upscale, well used. The beach was very nice, though you have to be very careful going in/out the gate. You can easily lock yourself inside it if you don't position it properly before entering the code. People really need to get over complaining about the walk through the garage to the beach entrance. It is not at all bad or long and takes your right by where you get and turn in towels (though I recommend bringing your own beach towel if you want something soft and big). Good restraurnats are few and far between in that area, but Lupi's next door is good and the El San Juan has a little mall-like area with some good food. I did not eat at ESJ's restaraunt or drink at the bar, but others told me the Pina Coladas were great. Having a kitchen area in the room was extremely helpful. I would not mind staying here again, but would probably try to find something a bit nicer first. It served its purpose and the beach and pool were great!  
<Date>Oct 4, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	4	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>LPWNewYork
<Content>There are better accomodations in Isla Verde Stayed at ESJ via a timeshare exchange through Interval International. The common areas in ESJ are clean even though the furnishings need updating. The units themselves are below average. They are clean, we had a room with a balcony overlooking the beach which was fantastic but the kitchens need a complete overhaul. The furniture is outdated and in ill repair. The units really need to be renovated. And, the access to the beach is through the garage which is a little scary when you are alone. During our stay, we experienced small bites on our ankles and lower legs and were afraid they were bedbugs even though we checked the beds thoroughly. The manager assured us that they were not bedbugs but sand fleas which we later found out to be true. He was gracious and sent staff up to our rooms to vaccum, change the linen and we did not have another problem. There are absolutely no amenities at the hotel so you are forced to go to neighboring hotels for fun. We had a WONDERFUL time in Isla Verde...we rented a car and toured Dorado, Loiza, Pinones and took a tour to Bacardi, Old San Juan and other towns. The Metropol Restaurant is the best....in walking distance to ESJ the food is great! And, we had the best Mofongo in another small restaurant in a strip mall near ESJ (cannot remember the name! Sorry!) I heard the Intercontinental is a great hotel to stay in so next time, we will probably go there.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	5	3	1	3	3	

<Author>Kitty808
<Content>the wosrt hotel in Isla verde, san juan P.R this is the worst hotel in San Juan, they don't have good actitude, they never smile, never, the people from the parking is the worst, they think that they are the FBI, they don't smile, they never help you, they are very arrogant, they treat you as if you were a criminal, not a guest.Front desk is horible, all the agents there are unfriendly and again they don't smile.Restaurant is good, the people there is friendly, Houskeeping and maintenance is good too.this hotel is horrible, smells bad, have cockroaches in the rooms and in the parking lots.If you are going to travel to P.R please think twice if you are going to this hotel, customer service sucks there, from the minute you enter the hotel, they start to treat you bad!  
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	1	1	1	

<Author>LBRIGNO
<Content>Love the Staff Service We have just returned from ESJ Towers vacations. The overall experience was pretty good. The lobby and the common areas are in good shape.The Staff service is above average. The beach is nice and the security was great. The room was below our expectations. The furnitures are old and the fridge was not working properly. We want to recognize the excellent service received from the Security Guard, Mr. Moises Muniz. My son lost his wallet and he found it with everything on it...! He was very professional and a great supporter to us. We felt very happy with his willingness to help. There are great restaurants close to the Hotel. I would like to recommend some of them: Metropol- Puertorrican/ Cuban Restaurant, Via Appia- Italian, Che's- Argentinean; Good food, good prices...  
<Date>Jul 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	2	4	3	5	5	3	

<Author>Bosman
<Content>ESJ is OK We stayed at ESJ over President's Day week in February '07 and were nervous given some of the very negative reviews on TripAdvisor. Our experience was OK.It was clean, appliances and AC worked fine, beds were comfortable, staff was pleasant and responsive. For the money, our suite was big enough, though not charming. The location is great, you are on the beach and the 25-foot walk through the garage is not that big a deal. Parking was included and we drove around a lot. It's 10-minute drive from the airport.From speaking to other guests, you have to remember that this is a condo building and the quality of the rooms can vary greatly. The management may not be responsible for the upkeep of your room. Also remember, this is an URBAN beach in the middle of a pretty big city, so don't expect serene Caribbean surroundings.So overall, it was very convenient and adequate, but definitely not luxurious or beautiful. You are paying to go to the beach and that's pretty much what you get.Next time, I think we'll try the Courtyard by Marriott down the beach a bit. It looked much newer and very nice. They are going to do construction soon, though, so check on that first.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	3	3	4	

<Author>cchivian
<Content>ESJ Towers, an honest review to make your decision easier Overall the experience was not terrible, nor did it curve my enjoyment in San Juan. There are a few things that i was dissapointed in but I'd rather start off with the positive. I did feel their customer service was great. Nice happy greetings when you enter, cab service at the drop of a dime. At checkin we were told that we had to pay an extra charge of $40.00/room if we wanted maid service. If you choose not to use the maid service you simply have to walk downstairs to trade in old towels for new ones. (as well as sheets and pillowcases)The rooms are a little out dated as far as interior design. After a long day of touring around the city i didn't let that bother me. It is a place to lay your head until the next day's long excursion. The pictures on the website speak truly.There is a restaurant called the Happy Apple downstairs, a grocery store, game room with pool tables, a cocktail bar, free internet access room with 3 computers available and a workout room.The Hotels is on one of the most nices beaches, Isla Verde. The water is georgous, blue as blue can be and wonderful sand. There is no bar service so be sure to take a portable cooler down with you. There might be small portables that will sell you drinks but you can always walk about 10-20 feet further down to another hotel who will sell it to you.Here is a list of things you should know:`The Pool closes at 7pm 7 days a week.`There is not beach access from the hotel after 7, I believe b/c of saftey reasons.`you have to walk down the street to find your own beach access after 7pm. (I'm not sure if you can even come back to the hotel beach area)You do have to walk downstairs through the underground parking garage to gain access to the beach, it's not as complicated as others have said.The pool has no swim up bar but a small cabana that sells beer and pina colodas, hot dogs and nachos only.`you do have a small but useful kitchenette, refridgerator, small electric stove, microwave, coffee maker, and average sink.If you are used to luxurious interiors or upscale dining, this is not the place for you. You are next to El San Juan Hotel and Casino  The Intercontinental which is a small walk away.Bus stop is right about a block away. There are small restaurants and a grocery store (puebla) within walking distanceI hope this helped! Have fun and enjoy SanJuan!  
<Date>Jul 22, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>Mystrs12
<Content>ESJ Tower and more       more furniture  
<Date>Jul 8, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	4	3	

<Author>KittyLaReina
<Content>Nothing great but tolerable Just got back from a 5 day stay at ESJ. The place is tolerable when no other options are available. Having stayed there 6 yrs ago I knew what to expect when walking into the lobby. Nothing fancy, just some seriously out dated decor. Unlike my first visit to this hotel (which turned out to be quite pleasent) this stay was barely tolerable. Upon entering our room my family and I were greated with a horriblely unpleasent smell. We tried to leave the same day we checked in but most hotels in the area gave us a hassel about reservations and such. When we mentioned the possibility of leaving the hotel they went ahead and charged us for the entire stay. Back to the description of the room...the carpet was littered with black stains and felt slightly damp. When I looked up at the ceiling I noticed many big black spots, what it was I don't think I really want to know. The furniture and decorations were just as outdated as the lobby. The beds were clean but felt as if I were sleeping on a big block of cement. The vanity area in the bathroom was nice and spacious and seperate from the shower and toilet (a nice feature when traveling with family). The balcony and view from the 14th floor were spectacular (about the only good feature of the room). Overall I would Seriously reconsider staying at this hotel. There are many other hotels in the Isla Verde area (if that is where you wish to stay) and even more thoughout San Juan. I do not think my family and I will stay here ever again.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	2	3	2	

<Author>thecroztm
<Content>Fine, but not great We just got back from spending a week at the ESJ Towers. We knew going in that it wasn't going to be a five-star experience, and it wasn't--the building is simply too old. Built in 1975--according to the stamp they put on the sheets(?)--the ESJTowers looks every day of its age. Sure, it's clean enough, and the people are nice, but they can't do much about the building's design which screams trendy in an ugly 1970s way. In another 20 years, it might be kitsch and retro, but for now, it's just dated.We read that people complained about the parking garage beach access, but the ESJ is not a resort, it is a condo building. If you want to be able to walk out onto the beach, stay next door at the ESJ Hotel  Casino. (Although, if you want a really high-end vacation, stay somewhere in Condado--the Beverly Hills area of San Juan. Isla Verde is 0kay, but Condado is closer to OSJ and it's where all the really nice hotels and restaurants are.)As for annoyances, the a/c unit on our balcony was a bit loud and turned on and off all night. Normally, that would annoy the crap out of me, but it wasn't really a problem; still, they should consider upgrading those units. Being close to the airport also wasn't too bad as planes are infrequent.Overall, the place is acceptable, but only because we didn't spend a lot of time there. We used it as home base to travel around the island with our rental car--a must if you want to eat at a decent restaurant.  
<Date>May 22, 2007
<Rating>2	3	2	3	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>springlakeac
<Content>great time We just got back from our third trip to ESJ Towers in San Juan, PR. We were there over Easter vacation. Everything you need is here - beach, gym. restaurants, market, computer room, easy access to airport, readily accessible cabs. and best of all great weather and people. Where can you go, right on the beach, for an economical rate. My family will be returning for many years to come. We love it!  
<Date>Apr 24, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>grovepoint
<Content>I'd go back. Not sure what many of you expected. As far as I know, the ESJ Towers is not a hotel. It's rental condos. The pool was great. Had a well furnished two bedroom, two bath, condo with my kids. We all had our space. A hotel on the beach would have cost me two to three times as much for a room with two beds. Compare the prices next door at the El San Juan Hotel and Casino or the Intercontinental Hotel. The location was very convenient and away from the real crowds of San Juan beach strip. Actually, we spent very little time in the condo as it was, preferring to be on the beach, pool or taking on other activities in the area.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>phillinda
<Content>Disappointment ESJ Towers is very basic. Small rooms, nothing special. Have to walk to beach through underground parking. Bottom floor rooms are depressing. Time share sellers bug you with telephone calls and coupons left outside the room. Isla Verde is not very nice, crummy beach and no charm. No decent restaurants nearby, just a bunch of chain restaurants and fast food restaurants along the seedy road behind the hotel. You need to go into San Juan to get a decent meal. We were there for 2 nights and 1 day on our way to Tortola, and would have been better off staying in Old Town where we could go to nice restaurants. Overall, a waste of time.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	1	3	3	3	3	

<Author>Taurus08
<Content>Dirty, Smelly, Rude I am actually baffled at the moment and don't know where to begin.I checked into ESJ on Thursday evening 3/8/2007 at 3:00am.After a long exhausting trip all I wanted to do was sleep.Sleep was the last thing I got to do at this facility.When I opened my hotel room door...My mouth dropped. The carpets were covered in filthy stains and there was food on the floor.The room reaked of filth. I was actually scared to lay in the bed, but at 3:00am I had no other choice. I got some towels and spread them on the bed and attempted to sleep.7:00am....Ring Ring Ring......Prank phone calls to my room Non Stop!!!! Clank Clank Clank....SLAM!!! I look out the window to see what the racket was. Unbelieveable! I am in a room directly above DUMPSTERS!!! And Yes, they were extremely active and slammed constantly.I saw and heard enough. I went to the manager wanting to check out of the hotel and I was told NO!I refuse to stay in such filth and be treated so unfairly, so I checked out anyway....And yes, I was charged regardless of my non stay in the room.Please, do yourself a favor and consider something else.Trust me.The two pictures I have are from the room and taken with my camera phone. If I would have had a camera I would have shown more disasterous photos.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>dipsarus
<Content>please stay anywhere else!!!! ESJ towers was vastly overpriced for the dingy dated surroundings. Upon checking in we were led to a room with an odd odor and still damp carpeting. We were told that they had just finished cleaning the room. By checkout all three in our party had numerous bed bug or flea bites. The room decor was mediocre,and the balcony could not be enjoyed because of a large noisy air conditioning unit, the beach area had not been raked and was filled with seaweed and trash and oddly enough the beach was only accesssible through the parking garage and access closed at 6:00. The only resturaunt on the premises had the oddest mix of totally horrifying non edible soggy food. We travel a lot in all price range hotels for business and pleasure and this is defintely our worst pick in over 20 years .  
<Date>Mar 5, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tennisplayersuffern
<Content>Good for our needs We stayed in ESJ Towers at the end of January. We wanted a place that would accomodate our family comfortably (2 adults, a 12 year old and a 16 year old), have kitchen facilities, be conveniently located, have some resort amenities, and be reasonably priced. ESJ towers met these needs. We booked through a realtor and were very satisfied withour 2 bedroom, 2 bath unit. The apartment was very clean, was decorated attractively, had plenty of clean towels and linen, and a kitchen fully equipped with dishes and appliances. We even had a washing machine and dryer in our unit. I think the condition and decor of the units vary, but we lucked out.The pool was nice with plenty of lounge chairs surrounding it and a hot tub nearby. The pool was a plain shaped pool without fancy landscaping, but it was a nice size and clean and there was a kiosk by the pool which served pretty good drinks. Plenty of towels were available for quests at the pool and at the fitness center.The beach was nice except that for part of our stay there was a lot of sea weed in front of our hotel. It was not only our hotel, but some of the adjacent fancier resorts also had the same problem.The staff at ESJ were very helpful and friendly. The staff at the front desk, the concierge, the minimart and the restaurant were all very friendly and accomodating. My children enjoyed the ping-pong tables, the game room and the pool tables during our stay. I was glad to see that the hotel offered internet service 24/7 at no extra cost to its guests.The location of ESJ was central to a lot of the tourist sites in Puerto Rico as well as casinos, golf courses and night life.Overall, I would highly recommend this hotel to families who are looking for a nice, convenient place to stay with the understanding that the facilities are not fancy, resort level facilities. We would consider a return trip to ESJ Towers in the future.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>BeachloverBaltimore
<Content>Better than expected We just returned from a week-long vacation at the Esj towers. After reading some of the more recent reviews on this site, we approached the vacation with trepidation. I'm glad to report that our accomodations were much better than expected and that we thoroughly enjoyed our stay. We rented a 2 bedroom condo through a private realtor, Palm View Realty. The agent, Alma, was helpful in securing apartments for my family as well as my sister's family. The apartments were spacious , clean and well maintained, even if they were somewhat old. We had a nice balcony with a beautiful view of the ocean. We did not have any maid service for the week and I felt our unit could have been provided with more clean towels but this is variable from unit to unit as my sister's apartment was very well supplied. We found the hotel pool to be very nice. Although not as fancy as a resort style pool, it was fairly large and very clean. There were plenty of lounge chairs available and a kiosk from which to buy drinks. The beach in front of the hotel was nice but unfortunately, there was a lot of seaweed in the water and we had to walk down the beach a distance in order to find clearer water in which to swim. The access to the beach from the hotel was through the parking garage but this was a short walk and no big deal. There was a boat rental stand on the beach right in front of the hotel where we were able to rent jet skis or go out in a banana boat. We found the workers in the hotel to be very pleasant, especially the host in the restaurant from which I bought coffee every morning. The hotel had a game room, pool tables, ping pong tables, a business center and a decent fitness center. Although not luxurious, we found this to be avery comfortable and convenient place to be.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>Califcutie
<Content>Needs a little help! We exchanged our 5 star timeshare to stay at the ESJ Towers Jan 10-17, 2007. My husband and I are very accustomed to staying at nice places through our timeshare company and we love Puerto Rico but ESJ really needs a little help! Our unit was a studio facing the beach--the view was great but the room wasn't very clean, the water in the shower was lukewarm-cold most of the time, the clean glassware in the kitchenette had lipstick marks, the mattresses were worn to the point that sheets of wood had been placed between the mattress and the box springs to add support and the pillows were mostly lumps of cotton. ESJ charges for everything--beach chair rentals as well as laundry which we were not accustomed to with timeshare exchange. We did not get maid service during our week and had to take our dirty towels for exchange each day. No VCR or DVD in the room but many cable tv channels were provided. On the plus side, the front desk staff were all very nice as well as the concierge. The man that runs the small store was great and always had a smile. The best part about ESJ Towers is the location--great beach, right in Isla Verde near restaurants and close to Old San Juan. We attended a timeshare presentation and asked if they were planning to update the hotel and the answer was NO! Our owners like the retro feel of the place. The lobby is very nice and has lots of great artwork and is kept very clean. We will go to San Juan again at some point in time but we'll try not to stay at ESJ Towers.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	5	2	5	4	4	

<Author>carribian
<Content>not good I want to start off my criticism by telling you that I am not a hard person to please, and that I am generally very tolerant of bad service. Esj towers is on a very beautiful beach. The rooms here at the towers all have very nice views. The building looks absolutely beautiful from a distance. It takes a good picture is what I am trying to say. And that is about all the nice things that I can say. I am not usually dissatisfied with a hotel or condo, but this place had so many bad things about it that I had to review. DO NOT BOOK HERE!!!! YOU WILL BE DISAPPOINTED. I have stayed in hotels in Jamaica, St. Martin, Aruba, and finally here. I paid by far the most money to stay here, and was the least satisfied.This place is mainly a time share rental. This place is a horribly run down. It is all old people here. I felt like I was staying in a nursing home. No activities (accept bingo). Here is what I saw that was so bad. The restaurant (Happy Apple) has horrible food. Soggy hash browns, tasteless eggs, I could go on for a while. The happy apple has a leak in the roof, and their solution is a bucket. The ceiling panels are falling apart/discolored. Nothing was good about this restaurant. The service at the front desk has an attitude that they just don鈥檛 care. Check in took 2 hours. Maid service did not come every day. 2 out of the 6 elevators did not work. If you are a guest you have to park your car in a dungeon. THERE IS NO BEACH ACCESS FROM LOBBY. YOU HAVE TO GO THROUGH THE PARKING GARAGE (DUNGEON). Every room has their ac unit on the back porch, and they are loud and windy. (My towel blew off the balcony). The shower only had cold water in my friend鈥檚 room. Everything smells. This place is in terrible need of a makeover. There are many other things but I am just tired of writing. DON鈥橳 BOOK HERE.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	4	2	1	2	1	

<Author>Bxfrequenttraveler
<Content>Not quite what I expected I recently stated at ESJ with my family for thanksgiving week. I had previously stayed there in June 2006 with my granddaughter but had booked directly through the hotel. Our stay was OK. In November, I contacted an agency who handled rentals for condo owners and I also contacted an owner who was posted on the internet. I needed two condos. Needless to say what a big mistake. We had a rainstorm and the livingroom in one of the units was flooded. We contacted the hotel's main desk for a wet vacuum to dry up the area. Tthey informed us that the only one they had was being used for guests who had made reservations directly through the hotel not guests who rented via condo owners. We spent one night drying the floor and emptying buckets of water. The washers did not work in either unit. Next trip, I am willing to pay more and not have my long anticipated vacation ruined.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	5	3	5	1	-1	

<Author>kp0826
<Content>Poor excuse for a hotel ESJ was the absolute worst place I have stayed - dirty, outdated, dirty beach and crowded, gross pool. This may be an OK place for college spring breakers who only need a bed, but not for anyone who cares about cleanliness or atmosphere. We had to lug beach chairs through a metal turnstyle. We found a live cockroach in our kitchenette (and got no reaction whatsoever from the manager, except that this is common) - absolute disgust. I still can't get over it.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MandoB
<Content>Disaster. It's been four years since we stayed here, and we still haven't gotten over it. This was the most disgusting and outdated hotel I have ever stayed in. First of all, it is not even a hotel, the rooms are rented as apartments to residents of San Juan. The odors in the halls were enough to make me break down in tears as we entered. The pool closed at 6:00 p.m. The rooms were dirty and small. The restaurant was a joke. The bar was an even bigger joke. As I read some of the other reviews, I am perplexed. I suppose the people who like this hotel are those on a budget, with kids, who just want a place to sleep. And, yes, they do have beds. However, if you want even the bare minimum you would expect from any hotel, you will be extremely disappointed with ESJ Towers.In closing, my husband and I stayed at this hotel for free as it was part of a time-share. Even so, we left the day we arrived and booked a room at another hotel. It was so bad that we wouldn't even stay here for free.  
<Date>Dec 22, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	5	1	1	1	1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>ESJ Met our needs Returned from ESJ Towers last week after a five night stay. Found it to be a good place to stay for the rate charged. It was not a resort type hotel, but met our needs by offering a nice beach, convenient walk to a variety of restaurants and other hotel/casinos. I found the accommodations to be clean. The fitness center was above average for a hotel fitness center which was great for a fitness nut such as myself - found the area around the hotel to be safe for walking day and night with a variety of things to do in the neighborhood. Also the bus was easy to use to go into Old San Juan if you choose - it took approximately 1/2 hour by bus and was worth the trip. The biggest negative about it not being a resort type hotel was it was difficult to get food or drinks at the beach - you had to travel out of the hotel and onto the main strip area. All in all it was a good place to stay if you are looking for a no frills hotel on a nice beach in a nice area. Definitely visit the Ritz-Carlton - worth the walk.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great spot for the right type vacationers I appreciate the reviews but more often than not, they don't offer enough insight.ESJ is a very good vacation spot depending on your group - I'll get back to that below.Based on our room, the rooms are similar to a good hotel room and include a large bathroom/vanity area and a decent sized kitchen. Sure ther's some wear and tear to the rooms but it's not blatantly obvious - you'll notice little things over the course of a week but nothing that is a concern. The amenities are decent: convenience store, okay concierge, adequate workout room, decent sized pool, and beach access.The pool is a standard rectangle and while the pool area is nice it's not resort level. It does get 8 ft deep and it's a large pool. There's beach access that you have to get to through the garage - it's about a 60 second walk once you exit the elevator. It's inconvenient but not an issue. When you do access the beach, you are at the east end of about a 2 mile stretch of beach. A short walk further east and you have access to about another 2 miles.Get a room facing west if possible. The west side balaconies over look the pool and has a great view of about 1.5 miles of beach. The view on the east side is of a small neighborhood and beyond that you can see about another mile of beach.ESJ is located in Isle Verde next to the El San Juan and Intercontinental properties. So the immeadiate area is great. The other resorts actually encourage you visit them. Once you walk from the hotel to the main road (maybe 1/4 mile), you can walk the mainstreet for probably about a mile east and 2 west. Ther you can walk to Metropol, Edith's, Mi Casita, Lupis, the grocery stores, Walgreens, a few bars and other stores. The place is a buzz at nighttime - and I always felt safe. So it's the good room facilities and the great location that I give ESJ a good review. My only negatives are the pool closes at 7 PM and there's no real pool side bar (they have a kiosk they pass off as one). I think teenagers may get a little bored at the site. Younger children would be fine. Adults traveling alone would be great. But if you're more into facilities as many are this may not be the best place for you.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>PatToni
<Content>Location! Considering the prices of the surrounding hotels, the ESJ Towers were in an excellent location. The service was great. Everyone was very pleasant and helpful. The facilities were lovely, great pool. The beach was right behind the hotel and parking is free. The Towers were very close to the airport so we were able to spend extra time on the beach before proceeding to the airport. The grocery store is close by and the facilities offers the comfort of home, if you chose not to go out. I would stay again.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ponymoee
<Content>Great Service We just returned 3/14 from San Juan after a 5 night stay at the ESJ Towers. The hotel may not be the fanciest on the beach but the location and the staff make the difference. From check in to departure everyone was helpful and most pleasant. Our room was clean and very well maintained. The view from the 8th floor toward the beach was excellent. You do have to walk through the parking garage and a gate to the beach but there are no roads to cross. The pool area and whirlpool were well kept and the fitness center had great equipment. Parking is free at ESJ which is somewhat of a rarity in San Juan. The hotel was relativly quiet and all in all a great place to stay!  
<Date>Mar 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Pugsley307
<Content>great weather we are spending this week here at the ESJ towers. Our room overlooks the ocean and pool. I have found the staff to be polite. The rooms STILL could use an updating but this is certainly not the worst timeshare swap we've done. the weather is great. One point is we rented a car and the in-door parking here at the ESJ is complimentary, from what I see walking around here, thats worth well over a $100 for aweek.The room is a studio type with a full stove and refrigerator. There are many places to eat within a 10 minute walk. There are casinos in the two hotels next door (El San Juan and intercontinental)the noise level is acceptable mostly older couples like us - a few children, all seem well behaved. all in all not the ritz but not the $$$$$ either.ed  
<Date>Mar 8, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Back again!       Snorkelling Trip  
<Date>Feb 1, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Family Vacation Not too thrilled about the style. very 80ishHowever, the customer service and ammenities were superb. We would return in a second. The view is just breathtaking, you couldn't ask for a better location and minutes from Old San Juan. - yet you feel like you are lost in paradise. a good thing! I would recommend to everyone. It will be one of your greatest memories.  
<Date>Jan 12, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Tomby
<Content>Great for families I just got back Xmas week from the ESJ towers. Very clean, great for kids because it is NOT a hip happening place and because of the kitchens, game room, and mini-mart on premises!  
<Date>Jan 4, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Many time guest My family has owned time share at the ESJ Towers since the early 80s, and I am thrilled to making a return to the property with my husband and son this month. I have always loved it there. No, it is not fancy, but it right on the beach, has a great pool, and a wonderful, friendly staff. As a previous reviewer said, everything you need from fancy restaurants to clubs and entertainment are right outside the door. Give the ESJ Towers a try for a nice, clean, reasonably priced stay.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Love the ESJ Towers This hotel is a time share. It is not luxurious in any way but it is the best! It is located on Isla Verde one of the best beaches of Puerto Rico. You can walk onto the beach barefoot! Ritz-CaArlton and Marriott can't say the same. The hotel has wonderful views of the ocean! My husband and I have been there for 3 years straight and love it. There is also a fridge and stove and all amenitites. The pool is very large and wondeful most afternoons there play bingo and give away prizes such as money, drinks and liquor. It is wonderful! Please don't listen to all the negative feedback! Perfect for the price! Please email me if you have questions.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Relaxation Hi,My name is Karen Smith and I spent a week at the ESJ tower and itwas wonderful the people are friendly and welcoming. I would definetlygo back to ESJ. The only draw back is that the hotel and beach is lacking entertainmentthere should be music playing or something. As for the hotel it is reallydead in side. I expected to hear some sort of music. I think managementneed to look in to that. Other than that it was great.Karen A. Smith  
<Date>Jun 2, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>nice place to come home to i go to esj every year on a relatives time share and yeah the place is outdated and doesn't have a 4 star restaurant but thats not important to me. if you go out the door there is everything you can imagine outside, fine dining, spelunking, hang gliding snorkling diving, clubs, casinos, just evrything, and when you want to come home to relax you just come back to esj and you have a nice quite lobby with staff that know you and its just relaxing. the casino next door is nice but i like coming home for the night and not schlepping through a casino with dolled up ladies. the restaurant is not that bad either, good burgers, if you want a steak or sushi go outside. if you want to go clubbing go outside, if you want a nightcap when you get home go to the mano a mano lounge, i think its great. i would say its a nice casual place for families or relaxed couples.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>perfect veiw We just returned after a seven day stay,and I must say that the stay was just right . Our room was on the 16th floor facing the water.The veiw was just perfect,we found room to be very clean and the staff was helpful in anyway we needed them. the other hotels might give you a more ''upscalelook ,but your totally going to pay for it.ESJ towers allows for a very comfortable and casual stay. My wife and I really enjoyed our stay and plan on returning.  
<Date>May 17, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Really Nice Place to Visit! I stayed at the ESJ in April of 2004. I was, at first, a bit skeptical about how good the accomodations would be when I entered the lobby, which had a 1960s motif. However, my reservations were quickly put to rest. I found the ESJ Towers to be a really nice place with clean rooms and the added feature of efficiency kitchens. The beach is absolutely beautiful and the pool and hot tub are both well maintained and not very crowded. I would definitely visit the ESJ again.  
<Date>May 12, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great place I just returned from PR 2 weeks ago, and i had an amazing time. we stayed the ESJ towers, and at first when i came in i was a little taken back with the outdated design of the lobby, however, the rooms were great and comfertable. I must say that the staff was great, so helpful and so friendly. the pool was a lot of fun, bingo was fun, but hotel should maybe have more activities rather then just bingo. the location was fantastic, walking distance to everything. beach access was great. just the cleaning service was not great, i stayed in the time share, and i found out that cleaning service was for regular guests only, which was shocking and dissapointing. the resturant only offered breakfast and lunch with a very limited menu options, however, the staff at the resturant were so nice, and even thought the food was just okay, i kept on coming there for breakfast every morning just because i loved the staff at the resturant. but the rooms were very spacey and nice, and the hotel generally was great and accomadating. i would defenitly return to ESJ towers, unless of course i get a chance to stay at the hotel next door!!!  
<Date>Mar 24, 2005
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	2	-1	5	-1	

<Author>SenaW
<Content>A pleasant stay We had a very pleasant stay at the El San Juan Towers over New Year's Eve this year. We had traded our time share and were a little nervous after reading some of the reviews. Our room was lovely - with a new kitchen, terrace with ocean view. The staff at the hotel were always helpful and available and set a very nice atmosphere. On New Years Eve they provided snacks and hats and noisemakers at the bar. We needed to pay when we wanted the room cleaned. The location is great (lots of hotel and restaurants within walking distance). The pool area was fine and not so crowded that you needed to worry about getting a seat. My only real complaint was that the access to he beach is extremely awkward and you need to carry out beach chairs through the garage (therefore we really did not spend time there).We felt as a time share trade we got terrific value during a very expensive week to travel.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Our first two week vacation We just returned from ESJ in San Juan on March 5th 2005. I had read some previous reviews and was a little nervous because they were not complimentary. I have to honestly say my husband and I found ESJ to be Fantastic. Everyone from the manager on down was wonderful. The rooms were clean and had everthing in them you could want. Absolutely no bugs.If you needed anything we just called and they were more than happy to oblige. The pool was awesome, the beach was great, the location fantastic. I would return to ESJ in a heartbeat. We cannot say enough good things about our vacation there. I left my hat there and would you believe they FED-EX it to my home. Way To Go! ESJ Thank You.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>slknh
<Content>Great family vacation!! esj towers was a great place to stay!! The staff was very friendly helpful and accomodating. The rooms were spacious and clean and everything was in good working order. We especially enjoyed bingo by the pool each day with Carlos. The only thing that I would change there is the pool hours. My family and I did quite a bit of the local tours and we wanted to come back to the hotel for a nice swim, but were unable to because the pool closed so early. Other than that, we loved it and will become regulars like many of the folks we met there.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just returned and already miss the great weather My wife and I just returned from sunny PR where we stayed at the towers. Our efficiency room was clean although a bit dated. Check in was smooth and the staff was very helpful throughout our stay. Every room has their own air conditioning compressor on the balcony and that coupled by a close proximity to the airport created slightly elevated sound levels that we got used toquickly. Also, we spent most of our time at the pool and walking the lovely beachfront where non of that mattered. The pool is not heated and was refreshing when you first get in. The hot tub was HOT. Some residents seem to really like it hot, personally we found it delightful first thing in the morning. Since this was a prime time (President's week) we thought it might be difficult to get a lounge chair but we never had a problem. We only had one request to visit their timeshare offerings (just a note on the door) and we were not bothered for the rest of our stay. We skipped their restaurant which serves breakfast and lunch only to explore some other local spots within walking distance. First class restaurants like The Palm are right next door for dinner out but we often cooked our own meals (note: great grocery store 3 blocks away) prior to going out. Powered water activities are available on the beach (separate vendor) and tours can be arranged. An air conditioned bus ride to Olde San Juan will only cost you 25 cents each way but cabs are ready to take you anywhere. Overall we had a great time away from all the snow here in NY.While not a 5star resort, worth looking into.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful place to stay Just got back from my trip from Puerto Rico. And I have to say that after reading all the reviews on the tripadvisor on this place I was very skeptical and worried about my reservations here. Needless to say this is by far the best place to stay. I have stayed at the radisson ambassador and this tops the radisson . I mean the view alone was incredible!!!! Even on a booked weekend they were able to accomadate me in a room with the most spectacular view of the ocean . Its near all the big hotels where there is alot of partying going on . The Mano a Mano lounge makes the best Pina Coladas I was there every night. The kitchenette was extremely clean. I was traveling with an infant so I was worried about the whole bugs issue I read about on the other reviews... NO BUGS at all !!! Everyone there treated us so well !! We are even considering buying time share here because we enjoyed so much. So if your looking for something econmical near all the party hotels or maybe like me where you are traveling with family and need the convenience of having a small kichenette this is the place to be !! they even had high speed internet . I can't say anything bad about this place it was by far the best and I have traveled to Puerto rico several times .. I highly reccommend it !!!  
<Date>Feb 28, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place to spend a week or two. I am glad that we did not read the reviews. ESJ was a decent place to stay for a week or two for vacation. The pool and beach access were great. Parking was okay. The location in Isla Verde is close to the airport, major highways and shopping and food establishments. The building is a little outdated, but clean and nice. The rooms were nice too. The best thing about ESJ was the staff. Everyone was friendly, helpful and very nice.   
<Date>Feb 8, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Oh boy! What can I say about this Hotel!!!??? My husband and I decided to go to Puerto Rico for our honeymoon in August 2004. My aunt decided to give us 7 days at a hotel that her timeshare covered. The hotel was ESJ. Compared to some of the other hotels on the strip it was nice. When we got in it was dimly lit and had a 70s flare to it. It was kind of run down and disturbing. Checking in was a breeze. The color of the lobby was orange and brown. You can't get anymore 70s than that. We we went up to our room and it was alright. Our view of the beach was magnificent! We were on the 11th floor (I think) and had the best view of the beach. We had a balcony with 2 beach chairs and a round table. The bathroom was spacious. The sink and drawers were across from the closet and were separated from the toilet and shower. The toilet and shower along with shelving area was in a different room. Different but nice.The restaurant in the hotel had the same old buffet breakfast every morning. They switched it up twice while we were there. I was getting sick of waffles, eggs, and hashbrowns. Forget dinner. The restaurant was closed at 2pm!!! So you had to truck through San Juan to get food. I was never too disappointed though. There's burger king, dominos, chinese food, mexican restaurants, PR restaurants, papa johns... Food places everywhere. Plus the 4-star hotels are next door with excellent restaurants.  The biggest downside was the fact that no one in 7 days changed ouor sheets, towels, toilet paper. If you are part of the Time share program side of the hotel you have to do everything yourself. If you are just staying there as one of their regular guests then I would think they would have daily maid service! If I were to visit PR again I would never think about ESJ Towers. Even if they do change my sheets everyday! the beach- EXCELLENTthe hotel- NEVER AGAIN! Email me if you have Qs  
<Date>Jan 19, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>OK but... I realize that this review is a little late in coming. My daughter, my first cousin and myself stayed here Easter of 2003.We found the place to be rather comfy . It was also right next door to our favorite steak house Ruth Chris. Location is everything!!The one thing that I didn't care for was their attempt to sell me a time share. They were quite persistent too. They left several red lightmessages on the phone about where the meeting would be held and the most opportune time to attend.I'm a tolerant person an I understand that sales people must sell to earn a living. Howerver, I don't like to be hounded about purchasing something especially when I've paid my own way. If you want to sell me something of this nature wait until I've returned home and send me an invitation with the time spent at your expense. At least the lodging.If I'm interested I'm pay my own airfare.Having said that however, ESJ is one of the few places with free parking. We also stayed at Howard Johnson's just up the strip and had to $6 per day to park.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>not exactly paradise in isla verde my friend and i went down to puerto rico for vacation in december 2003 (i know this is a bit overdue, but better late than never) boy were we surprised when we arrived. it looked like the hotel was never updated from the 70s! the place smelled old and the rooms looked just like regular hotel rooms, not suites like we were expecting. we were on the 3rd floor and our view was of the apartments (which i later found out were expensive homes) next door to the hotel. we were given a tour of the grounds, which didnt last long. we realized that the most of the amenities were actually featured at the hotel next door! the pool area was ok. there was a big bin for clean towels and a bin for dirty towels... which was which, im still not sure. the staff was ok. the concierge was pretty helpful. we did get to go on a couple of tours while there. the best one was the snorkeling!!! the place was centrally located. on our first night we found the wendys, burger king, and the walgreens. it was almost like we never left home! in all, id say i wouldve rather stayed at the embassy suites or even the hotel next door than to ever book a room at the esj towers again.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not a dump but close to it!! Very Simple! Where do I start. Let me start by saying I stayed here with my Husband and daughter in August because my mother in law, sister in law, father in law, cousins of them and basically the entire damn inlaw family wanted to show me where they go every year and took my husband since he was a child. They have timeshare here and to me thats why they rant and rave of it... either that or the other reason well known... they don't know class or come anywhere near it! The hotel itself is HORRIBLE! Seriously listen to me... HORRIBLE! I am not some person who uses the words superb or has to have to true luxury either! I'm 26 and from brooklyn so i am well down to earth. First off there is no I repeat no where good to eat in this hotel! There is 1 restaurant open for breakfast that is GROSS!!!! As for the pool the only food at the tiny little bar there (no swim up) is a hot dog or yogurt! the hot dog is good. The pool was ok. An average pool. To be honest not too shaby for the hotel but no swim up bar, and rude kids everywhere! The rooms are eh... they are simple. 2 queen beds and a balcony. bathroom small and like any normal bathroom. The room wasn't gross or dirty. It was just not my taste... it was plain and simple. there is nothing else to describe there cause there is nothing else to do. They have an arcade and a lobby lounge (boring). PS everyone can not be in the lobby past 12:00. that was no biggie to me cause i didn't want a part of the lobby. Anyway as for Puerto Rico itself it really is beautiful. Don't dare compare it to Jamaica cause it blows Jamaica away. I EXTREMLY RECOMMEND the hotel next door!!! 7 star resort +++ in my book....The El SAN JUAN WYNDHAM!!!!! We ate there almost every night. LA PICCOLA FONTANA IS AMAZING!!!! 4 diamond award there! Also The Steakhouse there left of Fontana is GREAT!! Other restaurants that were AMAZING was MOMOYAMA! Japanese steakhouse that I HIGHLY RECOMMEND! BEST JAPANESE STEAKHOUSE I EVER ATE AT!!! Its in the continental hotel which is in walking distance about two blocks to the right of esj. Also very good was RUTH CHRIS STEAK HOUSE! It was right there next door to MOMOYAMA! write these down cause you will thank me! In the RITZ CARLTON HOTEL MY HUSBAND AND I LOVED THE VINEYARD!!!! Excellent lobster and steak!!!!! Amazing appetizers!!! Beautiful restaurant. My husband surprised me with a GORGEOUS diamond ring there. THE FOOD WAS TO DIE FoR and i am from New York and its hard to impress me with food! I love to eat...surprises me i am only 120 pounds cause I eat like an animal and only quality food! The casino in the Wyndham is GREAT! HUGE AND WONDERFUL!!!! The bars in the wyndham are great and NEVER dead! Also try senior frogs to go out at night.. GREAT BAR!!! If you like clubs go to the one in the wyndham... ITS AWESOME! true new york feeling! One day we went and took the barefoot catermeran trip... IT went to a private island off PR called la verde and we went snorkeling and had a great beach! the lunch buffet was great!!! great selection all included with open bar! They played music and you could take the sun on the way there! It was great. Another day we went to the town old san juan... Was so nice! They had so many shops from guess to coach to shop in and great spanish restaurants with cobble stone streets and a view from the park of the entire island! so nice! We ate in an amazing spanish restaurant that wasn't expensive at all... i forgot the name but it was on the block of the park! Last restaurant on the right. Also from here they have a night cruise that goes around the island that has live music and open bar for 12 bucks! ALL in ALL I had a great time! PR was great...AS for the ESJ towers spend the extra 40 a night and go next door!!!!!!!  
<Date>Nov 9, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great vacation in San Juan We read all the reviews about the ESJ Towers and are glad we did not listen to them. Just spent a week there and had a great time. The place was very clean and the staff was the best we have encountered in our 10 years of timeshares and exchanges. The building is older, but the maintenance staff are always working as is housekeeping. Has a great pool and is located on a nice strip of beach. The restaurant could use more of a variety, but there are several nice restaurants located nearby and in the nearby casino's. Would not hesitate to recommend the ESJ Towers to anyone.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2004
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Riding out Jeanne! I also stayed at the ESJ Towers at the tail end of Jeanne.. we were not sure if we would make it in. After arriving a day after the storm, we were greeted to no power on the island, however, the ESJ towers has a generator, and power in the common areas. There was also water available. Just 2 days in, power was restored, and all was well. The staff was friendly, and the hotel was convenient, and secure. Sure, it is not a modern, 5 star hotel, but the location is great, and I would definetly return!  
<Date>Oct 5, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Cristina_b
<Content>Not what was expected... After cancelling my trip and finding out last minute that it was beautiful in Puerto Rico... I decided to rebook the flight and get on the plane to PR with my best friend. I mean... I already paid for the hotel, why not right? I found a really great deal somehow on a timeshare that someone could not stay at... so of course I took advantage of my situation and bought out their week. I had seen the ESJ Towers many times, but never ventured inside. This time... I would go, where I probably won't ever go again. It wasn't terrible, I mean I have seen worse. However, it was the furthest thing from great and a bit outdated. The hotel itself was old. It looked like it hadn't been remodeled since the 70's. Actually, I can definitely say it hadn't been remodeled since the 70's. The rooms, surprisingly, were actually nicer than the lobby led me to think, with kitchens and balconies, but still nothing compared to the El San Juan next door. The entrance to the beach was through the garage, which baffled me a bit, the beach chairs were horrifying (and cost $2 per day) and the pool and beach access was turned off after 6pm. I still don't understand that. But it wasn't all bad...The advantages of the hotel... lots of storage space in the room (closets and drawers), a nice balcony view, a bar, convenience store and billiards room in the lobby, and last but not least... a 1 1/2 minute walk to the fabulous El San Juan. Overall, I had a great time (thanks to the US Air Force boys that were also staying in the hotel) but would probably never stay there again (unless of course the Kentucky unit was stationed in Puerto Rico again). Not worth the money... But a week I'll never forget. =)  
<Date>Oct 5, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Survived Hurricane Jeanne at ESJ Went to San Juan for a week and on the day we were to leave Hurricane Jeanne hit the island. As our flight was cancled we stayed on at ESJ for another two days and watched the storm go thru from our balcony. The staff at ESJ was very helpful and accomodating. The hotel has its own generators, so we had electricity in the common areas of the hotel, even though the individual rooms did not. ESJ also has a big water tank so all rooms had water. The island had no electricity or water and we heard it could be 2 to 3 weeks before power and water would be restored to all parts of the island after this storm.Also, the ESJ people kept the little resturant open with a terrific buffet for breakfast, lunch and dinner and a limited menu. And the mini mart in the hotel was kept open with other food and supplies.We thought the ESJ was in a good location, the beach was beautiful and well kept, the hotel (though old) was extremely clean and pleasant, and the staff was wonderful.We would definately stay at the ESJ again. Also, Puerto Rico is an interesting island with many places to visit, and the people were very friendly everywhere we went.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good place to stay The esj Towers is a good place to stay its located in carolina Puerto Rico which is an upscale tourist area. I cant believe the nasty reviewes I am reading here. I own time share and I visit often .Trust me the place is not bad. Its designed for the budget minded traveler. If you want an upscale hotel that will cost you 500$ to 1,000 per night try the Hotel EL Conquistatdor  
<Date>Sep 6, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The last resort After only staying one night in this hotel, I came to realize that I should have spent $300 extra dollars and stayed somewhere else. The furniture was old wicker, the carpeting was from the 70's, the bathrooms were dirty, The remote controls did not work, and it took forever to figure out how to use the shower. This is a converted apartment complex, that is offering the rooms as time shares. If you pay more than $100 US dollars a night here, you're crazy.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not THAT bad.. I stayed at the ESJ in June 2000. With my mom and my 2yr old son. We had no trouble at check in. The location is excellent and close to everything, including public transportation if your not driving. The rooms are large and clean, but the kitchen needed some updating, Stove  Frigde were old. The pool and the childrens play ground were awesome. If you dont want any glits and glamour and are bringing your family, this is a good place to stay.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Our dream vacation!!! I can't understand all the negative comments I've read about ESJ towers. My husband and I enjoyed the vacation of our dreams. Everything was perfect from the location to the helpful staff. We had a clean room on the 10th floor with a spectacular view of the ocean. We enjoyed coffee each morning on the patio watching the sunrise. We were there for 10 days and it wasn't long enough. The pool was clean and comfortable. There were many fine places to eat within walking distance of the hotel like Lupi's and Mi Casita where the food was great. We'll be returning soon to PR and ESJ towers is where we'll be staying for sure!  
<Date>Jul 22, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Bargin Just returned yesterday from a week at the ESJ. While not the most modern facility, it was clean and well managed. After addressing the staff about other guest being too noisy, they immediately handled the problem with no other disturbances. The bathroom and beds need updating, but all in all we had a good time for the money. While we had a view of townhouses below us, our friends had a wonderful view of the beach. The air conditioners on the balcony make enjoying the evenings almost impossible. However, I would do it again. Didn't spend much time there except at night.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent I stayed Apil 9, 2004 - April 26, 2004, Excellent!! The staff was very professional and curteous. I especally give thumbs up to Pablo at the Front Desk. The property was clean as well as the rooms. Yes to somewhat I agree that the room are a little old fashion, however very clean and comfortable. I can't understand why some of the comments, I guess you just can't satisfy everyone. For the price, how could anyone complain. Location was also great.......I'd stay again anytime.  
<Date>May 10, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>ESJ was different I thing the ESJ is a average Hotel. I went during Memorial Weekend last year and i had the crappiest room there. my view was of the balconey of the window that lead to the pool and garbage men and dumbster. Restaurant less then average and the pool was pretty nice. Staff was friendly. Im planning on going again but not staying at the ESJ Tower.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>ESJ Towers is a great little secret! Although the rooms are not luxurious they are well maintained and the kitchenette, with a full size refridgerator, can not be beat! The property itself is the best part. Travelling with children (6  8 yrs) I was concerned about security, The card lock system was used to access all areas on the property. The bar.lounge and restuarant only accepted room sales, no cash sales so the general public is not permitted on premises unless acoompanied by guests. The restaurant menu needs a major overhaul. The staff was absolutely wonderful. By the end of the week I felt like they were family. Lots for the children to do with a the pool room, arcade room and ping pong table room. I recoomend the front desk keep family friendly videos on hand because they had a perfect video room (formerly the toddler play area). The pool and beach access was convenient. I defintely recommend it for families.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>luvpts
<Content>An ok place to stay if you are traveling with children I stayed at ESJ Towers with my family for spring break 2004. The room was spacious enough for a family of 4, The staff at ESJ Towers were very courteous. However, for the price of $190.00 per night the room was not worth it. the furniture was worn, the pillows were saggy and needed to be replaced. The lazy chair was extremely old, the pool closed at 6:00p.m. and access to the beach closed at 7:00pm leaving the children with nothing to do, there were beach chairs on the beach but ESJ was not providing them to anyone. The carpets were very soiled and dirty. Parking your car was the worst. The parking garage is the worst that i've seen in twenty years.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location.... Esj Towers was great for location, the check-in was fast. Staff are really helpful with the exception of the maids, we were there for 1 week and NEVER had our room cleaned... We had to get our own linens, towels etc. They all had attitude.... The rooms were in need of modernizing. But all in all I would stay here again, the rooms have a city view, or ocean view, small kitchenette  HUGE king size bed.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>ESJ was perfect My family and I stayed at the ESJ Towers from March 4-11, 2004. ESJ Towers provided us with a wonderful apartment that was clean and very big. The view was wonderful, looking out over the beach. The location is perfect, within walking distance to the Ritz Carleton, Wyndam El San Juan and Intercontinental Hotel and Casinos. The pool, restaurant and lobby are not as new and high end as the other hotels on the Isla Verde strip but everything (restaurants, casinos etc.) is within walking distance. For the size, location and price of the apartments you can not beat ESJ Towers.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>ESJ was the Greatest! In Feb. 2000, We were here for 2 days  one night (after our Cruise Ship docked,) but it was one of the highlights of our trip! After 7 Days on a ship it was great to unwind a bit and walk on solid ground @ this great Hotel. The best surprise of all when upon checking in, they decided to upgrade us to a Suite.......! And WOW, what a SUITE, the ocean view was fabulous  falling asleep to the sound of the Atlantic waves was mesmerizing. (Can't open a porthole on a cruise ship for that sound!) Nobody pressured us about 'timeshares' or anything. It was the best night and days we could've asked for. Their staff was friendly and helpful from beginning to end. The great Puerto Rican resturants (like the Palms) were within walking distance and checking out was a sad day for us. We hated to leave our great Suite to head back for the cold and snowy Philadelphia weather! We would definitely stay here again in the future.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>so old fashion okay i just came back from pr and we stayed at the esj tower the location is great but the hotel it self is very old fashion its needs serious renovation,and the rooms are okay but the bathroom fixtures most be from 1980's.the only good thing is that it was valentine weekend so me and fiance didn't really care because we were to busy???? but that was my second time in pr and my third time will not be at the esj tower belive me....  
<Date>Feb 25, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It's no Ritz-Carlton, but its not horrible either There are really great things about ESJ Towers-the location, having a kitchenette, the mini mart, helpful service, and the pool-and there are not so great things about ESJ Towers-the decor, the postage stamp-sized beach towels, the heinous breakfasts. If you want ambience and glitz, you have to go next door to the Wyndham El San Juan. For me, the biggest drawbacks were the daily phonecalls from the sales staff trying to get me to listen to their timeshare pitch, and the fact that the age of the average resident was about 80. I had not been informed that we were staying in a timeshare and that may have influenced my decision. But, overall, it was a fine experience.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2004
<Rating>3	5	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>OK, Location and staff are what you should focus on. We just returned the 3rd of Feb. After a week there we were ready to explore other places. The big problem we found was the restaurant/diner. We had breakfast our first morning there and never returned. They only served till 2:00, so that meant no room service for dinner. Not that you'd want to with the quality of food, but it would be nice to have the option. We have a 3 year old, so in-room dining is helpful. The pool was nice, the beach was close/on-site and secure. The staff was nice and extremely helpful. Free parking- a bonus in Isla Verda. As for the building itself it looks like that tried to maintain the original decor from the 70s. Everything was clean, which is important, but definitely not newer. I'm not sure we'll return to San Juan, but I'm sure if we do we more than likely won't stay at the ESJ- unless we cannot find another exchange.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Comfortable, not spectacular We stayed in the ESJ Towers over Christmas, 2003. It is a combination facility with some condos and some rented rooms. Most rooms have a balcony with a great view of the beach and water. They also have the air conditioner condensor on the balcony; these are loud, so one has to turn off the ac to relax on the balcony (not a great hardship, depending, I suppose, on the time of your visit). The hotel is clean, the rooms are comfortable, and the concierge is quite helpful. The pool was clean and never over-crowded, since the hotel is located on a nice beach. The hotel restaurant is really bad, but the El San Juan Hotel has 6-8 excellent restaurants and is right next door. If you are looking for a luxury facility with extensive guest services, you will be disappointed. If you are looking for a clean, comfortable place in which to relax, ESJ Towers is fine.  
<Date>Jan 26, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>esj was great Stayed at ESJ for 10 days. Our son-in-law and daughter have a 2 week time share there . they have owned it for 25 years. The place was clean the staf was excellent and the location was great. Had a wonderful time, any one that doesn't like it probably should not even bother to go to Puerto Rico. Beautiful pool and nice beach.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2004
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>an enema would be better This place is HORRIBLE....don't ever go. The location is bad, you have to drive to the good part of PR. This hotel makes you never want to return to PR, but I am trying to go back., and I will but not at the ESJ Towers  
<Date>Jan 4, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Real Shining Star I've just finished reading the reviews on this Hotel and I just can't believe some of them. My wife and were there for week this past winter and we had a blast. The staff was unbeliably courteus. The only thing that I can say about the place is location, location, location. We are definitely going back next winter.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice place I was pleased with my stay at ESJ towers. The maid service was very good. The breakfast was ok, but needed variety. The bus stop to Old San Juan is just outside the entrance. Overall I was happy with my stay.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I would stay there again ESJ is an average hotel. The staff is super friendly. While in San Juan I did two Wyndhams. The Wyndhams were nicer, but more expensive. The good things about ESJ were the prices, location, view of the beach and city, mini-mart (prices), and again, the staff. The negatives were that you don't get the extra things you get from a hotel and don't feel as don't feel as cozy. The restaraunt was not the greatest, but decent.We did not see any bugs.All in all, a decent place. If it's your honeymoon, splurge and stay somewhere nicer.Lastly, I would stay there again.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't Ruin Your PR Trip....... Ok whatever you do, you dont want to ever stay at the ESJ towers. This place is an absolute dump!!! I wouldn't even stay there again if they offered to pay me!!! During my stay, The electric went out for one full day, the rooms were dirty, scattered bugs. I mean, if you like school lunch, then you will enjoy the food there...its disgusting. Now I must say. The staff is very nice and even personable. The pool is ok but not what you expect when vacationing in PR. Parking was absolutle NIGHTMARE!!!! Yes this hotel is located on the beach, which is nice, BUT these beaches are nothing compared to ones a little bit out of the touristy area. I loved PR, it was truley a great place just dont ruin it by staying in the ESJ Towers.  
<Date>May 21, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>wonderful stay I was lucky enough to stay at the ESJ in San Juan for 3 months, while working down there. The people were very helpful and friendly. The location and the view from my room was great. I still have a picture hanging in my office now, so I can imigage I was there. I don't think the ugle comments are justified, but comfort above prestige is what I look for. I would love to be able to go back.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great for the price I was concerned when I read some negative reviews, but after staying there a week It was worth it all. You pay for what you get I got a great room one bedroom with full kitchen. The kitchen was complete with everthing you need, including wine opener pots pans plates coffee pot the works. So what you have to exchange the towels and sheets, tyou can pay for roomservice if your lazy. But people are friendly and I will go there again.. The wife the kids and I loved it...  
<Date>Apr 27, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>ESJ fine place to stay we just got back from 10 days in Puerto Rico at ESJ towers. We found the staff very friendly, the place clean, but yes somewhat outdated. The location was great. The beach was very nice. Edward the chair rental guy very accomodating. Tried the pool, it was adequate and clean. Lots of older folks here so it's quiet (but we like that). We had a rental car for th 10 days we were there. Driving in San Juan area was extremely congested and you have to watch time of day for access to highways. Drivers are very aggressive. Once out in the country, it was fine. We liked visiting the smaller coastal towns, very beautiful with nice beaches. We found parking inside ESJ easy and at no additional cost. It's an easy walk to other hotels and restaurants. We liked Lupis next door, view from Blue Dolphin great but food so-so. Try the Honk Kong restaurant in El san Juan next door, excellent.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>HORRIBLE what an awful awful place. Nobody should ever go to this place even if it was the last place on earth to stay. It is an excuse for a hotel and is a total joke!!! By far, the worst thing ive ever seen in my life. I would not stay here if you paid me 1000 a night.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great place I stayed at the esj for three months came home for a month and then went back and stayed another month. I was working all over the island after a hurricane, so at the end of a day bone tired the staff always made sure I received all I asked for .As far as I am concerned its hats off to ESJ TOWERS.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dfehr123
<Content>Outdated, would not stay here again. I just got back from the ESJ towers. I have to agree with thr negative reviews of the place. We were on the 10th floor and had a one bedroom apartment. We had tiny gnat-like bugs; first noticed them in the kitchen, then in the bathroom and all along the doorways in the hall. Just kept finding more and more. They were harmless, though, bought a can of Raid in the mini-mart on the lobby level (a well stocked little store!) and they were ok after that. The carpet was bad: good thing it was brown, because it probably hid a lot. The pool was great, shower in bathroom was great, location was great! RIGHT next door to the Wyndam El San Juan hotel, which has great resturaunts and a nice casino. The Metropole and Lupi's (try the grouper finger appetizer!) are 2 great local restaurants within walking distance. Overall though, would not stay here again.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Fine Stay At ESJ One must recognize what ESJ is, and what is not. It is a facility with condos, time shares and regular hotel rooms. I stayed in a time share room 858 which was equipped with a kitchen, two double beds, a sink area and a toilet/shower area. Each room has its own air conditioning controlled by a thermostat. The compressor and fan is located on the patio outside the room. Its startup was a bit noisy but tolerable. I found that things were clean and quite liveable, although for the time share the rooms are not cleaned on a daily basis and you have to get your own towels and sheets on an exchange basis.There is a restaurant that serves breakfast and lunch. At best its quality is fair. For people who really want glitz , they can stay next door at the El San Juan with the $300-400 rooms, expensive restaurants, and the casinos. ESJ was fine for me. If you want a fancy hotel, at a very big cost , this is not the place for you. The Metropole and Mi Casita are two restaurants that are close by , where one can get good quality PR food at reasonable prices. Before you make your decision read the AAA material and guide books. I was very happy at ESJ Towers, because I knew what it has to offer.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We LOVE the ESJ Towers!! I'm a traveler from Toronto, Canada and I've happen to stay a few times at the ESJ Towers. I can't believe how people can come up with such nasty stories against this hotel!!!! I have been there many times, and I have never had any unpleasant experience with this hotel at all. I have always gotten a clean room, a nearly spotless kitchen and a very clean and decent bathroom. I have never seen any bugs of any kind (not anywhere), and I have never seen any nails on the carpet or anything out of order. I can't afford any expensive rooms but, I have always enjoyed a clean, comfortable, private and very safe room all the times that I have been at the ESJ Towers be myself or with my family. I'm appalled at the fact that some people can go around making making up these stories just for the pleasure of being nasty. ESJ is a good hotel and I love it!!  
<Date>Nov 26, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a dump!   showReview(792275, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 19, 2002
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Bad Rap   showReview(739126, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 3, 2002
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Smitty from NYS   showReview(721558, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 23, 2002
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>ESJ   showReview(717883, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 16, 2002
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It's a dump   showReview(694139, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 5, 2002
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>The best   showReview(658018, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 15, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>ESJ Towers   showReview(646410, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 9, 2002
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>pretty basic, nothing fancy   showReview(640374, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 8, 2002
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>esj   showReview(610302, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 12, 2002
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Run......don't walk away   showReview(521981, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 19, 2002
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

