<Author>MLouisa
<Content>Loved the Artus With my best friend, we stayed at the Artus Hotel for five days, at the beginning of December. We chose this hotel after extensive research and based on reviews. Generally, the hotel met our expectations. Our room 鈥搕win bedded deluxe- was small, but we expected that, since most rooms in Paris are small. But its design was clever, and the furnishing well appointed. For two women travelling with quite a lot of things and clothes, the space was adequate. The room was fairly clean, the beds comfortable, the shower lovely, and the temperature delightedly warm, since the weather was very cold. A free PC in the lobby offered no-cost internet access. Also the room had an electronic safe, which is something that I always find extremely useful. As most people in this site mention, the location of the hotel is truly unbeatable. At the centre of Paris, in an area full of shops, bistros and cafes. I would recommend the 鈥淟e Relais de l鈥?Entrecote鈥? the Brasserie Lipp, and the Caf茅 de Flore for its excellent hot chocolate and pastries. Just across the street there is a metro station, and a taxi station. But even for those who like to walk, some of the most popular attractions, like the Louvre and the Notre Dame, are quite near. Finally, I can not agree more with other people鈥檚 comments about the quality of service provided by the concierge Sanjay. This man really enjoys his work and it shows, in the way that he tries his best to satisfy the requests of all guests with the best possible way. We asked his help to book some opera tickets before our arrival, and he even called us to confirm all the details. I have stayed in many 5 star hotels in my life, all over the world, and I can definitely say that such level of professionalism is rare. Also another concierge, Karim, was very polite and I was impressed with his help when I had a small incident, I cut my hand. We will definately consider the Artus for our next trip to Paris.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>Viajer008
<Content>Great Service from Staff We have never experienced such great service from staff at any other hotel. They were always asking to help us and did so. Also the hotel is very clean, the breakfast very good and the location is great. We would certainly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>TassieAustralia
<Content>Splendid!       The hotel room  
<Date>Oct 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>35Clark
<Content>My favorite hotel! I spend about 100 days per year traveling, and the Artus is my favorite hotel anywhere. The rooms are perfectly designed and, while trendy, also extremely comfortable and pleasant. The service is impeccable and the entire hotel is spotlessly clean. The food at breakfast is excellent, though not extravagant. The wine offering in the lobby is a plus as well. If the weather is nice and you can get a room with a balcony, make sure to sit outside for a bit. Oh yeah, the location can't be beat either.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>dad45227
<Content>A fabulous time...a fabulous hotel We spent 4 night, 5 days in Paris and could not have been happier with our stay at the Artus Hotel. It is perfectly located in the heart of the Left Bank, which offers guests a true snapshot of life as a Parisian. Anything you could want to see or do is within walking distance or a quick ride on the Metro or RER. We had a Superior Room and it was plenty big. You aren't going to Paris to sit in your hotel room, so it was exactly what we needed. Most importantly the room was VERY clean. The breakfast was a great way to start the day. Fantastic cheeses and breads with an assortment of juices and coffee kicked off our day. Most importantly however is the unbelieveable service you receive from the concierge Sanjay. I travel a lot for work and I am lucky to have stayed in many 5 star hotels and never have I received the level of service that Sanjay provides. He had book our dinner reservations before we arrived (Sensing is the best restaurant I have ever been too) and took care of our transportation to and from the airport. Every morning he helped to get us going in the right direction and offered a locals tips on where to go and what to see. So long as Sanjay is at the Artus Hotel I will never go anywhere else when in Paris!!! The rest of the staff is very good as well...but you just can't clone Sanjay!!!  
<Date>Oct 8, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>canadianfromWhitby
<Content>Artus Hotel - Best Value in Paris This was our 4th trip to Paris and have stayed previously at other so called equivalent Hotels which were not even close to what this Hotel offered.The Artus was fantastic! We had a newly renovated room that was equal to any US or Canadian Room. We were a 10-15 minute walk to Notre Dame, across the street from the Metro and a 5 minute walk to some of the best shopping in Paris.The staff were extremely helpful and pursued a number of reservations and tickets for us, successfully I might add.We will definitely be back!  
<Date>Sep 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>doublefault2
<Content>A great hotel for the budget minded traveler This hotel is a charming boutuque hotel on the Rue du Buci in the 6th. The location is superb with two Metro stops within a block. While the rooms are on the small side, the appointements are very good and the furnitshings are relatively new ond modern. Sanjay, the day manager/concierge could not be more friendly, helpful and accomodating and the room prices are reasonable by Paris standards.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>bubbacheetah
<Content>Amazing Experience I had an amazing experience at the Artus Hotel and will definately be staying there again on my next trip to Paris. The rooms were extremely comfortable and inviting and my experience was overall superb. Of course, no review is complete without mention of Sanjay, who went well above and beyond to make each and every guest feel comfortable and at home. He may well be this hotel's biggest asset!  
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>seansheerin
<Content>Awesome Staff - Nice modern feel We had booked the top floor room at the Artus, with a terrace to view Paris at night. The hotel contacted us to tell us they double booked the room and decided that we were the customer that was NOT going to get the room. Sanjay and Patricia (concierge and front desk) called me (in NJ) and sent emails apologizing and offering a suite at the Hotel de Buci -a sister property 2 doors down the street. I was very upset. However, we loved the Buci, and the staff couldn't have been nicer or more accomodating. They allowed us to use the Artus (complimentary) breakfast room (smart-looking room with a plentiful and tasty breakfast) and also hooked us up with a large suite at the Buci, with champagne, flowers and a fruit basket. We loved the place! Sanjay booked lunch at Jules Verne (w/in the Eiffel Tower) as well as local (6th arr) restaurants for dinner. Every meal was a delight, fresh and delicious and reaonably priced. The Buci / Artus was a great choice, one I'd recommend to anyone considering a romantic get away to Paris.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>NYCtraveler1500
<Content>Longtime favorite - like a home away from home I've stayed at the Artus many times over the past eight years or so, and it just keeps getting better. It doesn't even cross my mind to stay anywhere elsem when I go to Paris. For a 3-star hotel, the quality throughout is better than many 4-stars. Rooms are small but have everything you need - beds and linens are good, bathrooms are well-appointed, and everything is extremely clean. Staff is terrific, helpful, and always friendly. If you're new to Paris - this location is ideal ... 2 minute walk to St. Germain des Pres; lovely 5 minute walk to the Seine (or an hour walk if you want to browse the antique and art galleries as you go) - and you're directly across the river from the Louvre.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Thorgal7
<Content>A stylish, contemporary gem I recently stayed at the Arthus Hotel to commemmorate our seventh wedding anniversary. My brother had recommended the boutique hotel and was spot on, the room was not very big but space was used efficiently, the premises were clean, modern, inviting and very charming. The staff was outstanding, Sanjay is the ultimate concierge, Imam sweet, helpful and softspoken, and Patricia went out of her way to accomodate our every need. The breakfast was very european (baguettes, croissants, various jams, cheeses and ham, salami, etc.) with an american touch (eggs, bacon, sausage links, cereals and yogurts) in a very contemporary decor. The bed was very comfortable with clean linens and soft pillows. The hotel is situated in a quiet side street in Saint Gremain-des-pres, an area in the center of the city within close walking distance of three metro stations and the Seine, the Louvre, the Notre Dame, the Sorbonne and the Musee Orsay. The area is very colorful and safe and the Arthus is surrounded with a slew of cafes and restaurants, creperies and patisseries within a five minute walking radius from the premises. We had a fabulous experience and would definitely stay there again, the best hotel I have ever stayed in and deserves a four to five star rating!!!  
<Date>May 31, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Sthlm_man
<Content>Wonderful stay at Artus... We just returned from a wonderful trip to Paris where we stayed at the Artus. The location can't be beat... Left Bank, easy walking distance from the major attractions(Louvre, Notre Dame, Orsay, etc;). The room was a little small, but I didn't expect anything spacious on the Left Bank. In fact, they had some ingenious ways to utilize the space provided... like pull out drawers for suitcases. Great breakfast, lots to choose from without losing that French appeal.The staff was great, especially Patricia and Sanjay. They were very helpful and friendly and helped to make our stay memorable. I was in contact with Sanjay prior to our trip and he helped with some great tips of things to do as well as making a booking at a wonderful restaurant(Le Christine). We will definately consider the Artus on our next trip to Paris.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>shri420
<Content>A very satisfactory Parisian hotel We spent five nights at the Artus over Christmas this past month and thoroughly enjoyed the experience. The hotel was clean and the service was responsive throughout. There is no question that the principal concierge Sanjay is a master of his profession and his attention to details and anxiety to be helpful was truly outstanding. The rest of the staff were also extremely helpful. The rooms, as with most Paris hotels, were small--we had a 'superior room' that had windows into an inner courtyard; very quiet, nicely appointed--and much more storage space than the allegedly 5-star hotel in which we had been staying in London prior to our arrival. No closet, true, but the armoire proved adequate along with some shelves. We found the heating to be fine--responsive and quiet.A major plus for the Artus, is that just outside is the virtual center of the Left Bank--rue Buci and its extensions are great places to just 'be' for a while; good cafes, a number of satisfactory restaurants in the vicinity--we enjoyed the branch of Leons of Bruxelles--amazing mussels--just at the opposite corner of Buici and Blvd Saint-Germaine-des-Pres. Walking distance to Notre Dame, Ste Chappelle, the Cluny Museum--tho' we try never to walk to a Museum, the Louvre (ditto) and if you are really fit, the Musee Orsay. Two Metro stations are close at hand and some very convenient bus routes.Our rate was not cheap--I think it was 243 Euros--it included a very fine breakfast that included eggs and bacon/sausage, plus pastries, breads, cheeses, fruit, toast and some fine coffee. The only glitch was that one morning when the regular breakfast room server was off, a request for decaf coffee produced hot water and some powder. The rest appeared to be brewed and hearty decaf coffee. One drawback was that the wireless internet access in the room was on a pay basis. A free PC in the lobby offered no-cost internet access. I would strongly recommend this hotel for its staff, its facilities, its overall hospitality and its location.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>NBChrista
<Content>A place to sleep in a great location My husband and I stayed at the Artus for our honeymoon in October of 2007. We chose it based on reviews and a good deal combining hotel + flight on Expedia, but still paid very close to rack rate. The location is outstanding++. Check in was straightforward. The room was tiny but clean and the shower was lovely. Bed was large and comfortable with great bedding. The toiletries provided in the room were obviously recycled from visitors past (in little customized ARTUS boxes and jars) and were looking a little worn. Cleaning was acceptable. Closet space was tight but efficient, there was no iron. Front desk staff were a mixed bag. We had nothing but good experiences (although one night we waited quite a long time for the night staff to answer the doorbell and let us in when we rang at around 12:30 am). The internet was unusable during our stay - one of the night staff kindly looked up baseball scores for us which was lovely. We saw a couple of women show up to check in one afternoon, looking extremely travel-weary and with two large heavy-looking bags each, who were told by the two women at the front desk (who had no other guests to help) that the guests would have to lug their bags up to their rooms by themselves as there were no male desk staff working who could help them. I don't expect valet service, but a small kindness goes a long way. The decor is dated but the lobby is clean and at times the hotel smelled a little odd, but we generally enjoyed our hotel stay for what it was - a super jumping-off spot from which to enjoy Paris. Incidentally, if you don't mind walking about 800 meters with luggage on a quiet street then it's a direct metro trip to CDG airport from (I think) the Saint Michel station. This was a huge bonus for us.Local restaurants were fantastic, especially Allard. The Paris Pass was a colossal waste of money, but the (MUCH MUCH CHEAPER) Paris Museum Pass (which can be purchased at any museum) is a great deal.I would stay in the same neighbourhood anytime I was in Paris, but at the Artus only in the event of an excellent deal.  
<Date>Jan 13, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	3	3	1	

<Author>rms555
<Content>this is paris!!!!..you dont need the ritz! incredible experience...all i can tell you is of the one junior suite because that is where we stayed....a beautiful room with large bath...exc water pressure....lovely terrace overlooking st germain de pres..great staff...i happen to be a very picky northeasterner..id def come here again and i plan to !  
<Date>Jan 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>nycraveler99
<Content>small and disappointing I had stayed at the Artus hotel a couple years ago and was anxious to return. It's in a fabulous area and the hotel used to be very charming. The room (we had a superior room) was tremendously small and the room cleaning service was spotty (we returned one day and our bed had not been made, toilet paper was out, and the used/dirty glasses had not been replaced). We got the room over their website, but I now wish I had used expedia or orbitz to nail a better rate (we paid 245/night for superior room). Sanjay was fantastic and the breakfast was great, but all that didn't quite make up for the tiny room w/ loud construction next door. There wasn't a proper closet to store all of our clothing and the bathroom was separated by a drop cloth and the toilet was separated by a glass sliding door! Sadly, I spent the entire trip touring other little boutique hotels in the area to spend our nights in the future. There are too many other charming boutique hotels in Paris in a similar price range with much larger rooms.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	5	2	3	4	3	

<Author>Jodicarm
<Content>November 2007 Artus Review My girlfriend and I stayed at the Artus and since we used this site for information, I wanted to share our experiences there. All of the staff were friendly, professional, and approachable. No signs of the aforementioned surly Patricia. Sanjay, the manager, was wonderful. The evening staff were also helpful. We booked our room via Expedia for $245/night. I feel we got a good value for the price. After all, this IS Paris. Yes, the room (132) was small, but it was clean, the bed was comfortable, the pillows perfect. The only complaints that I had, which I shared with a receptive Sanjay, was that the rug was showing signs of wear, and the paint on the wall in the toilet area was chipping. The modern decor of the lobby and breakfast area was perfect. Breakfast downstairs was good if you didn't want to face Paris too early. And at 15 euros each, it was comparable to what a decent breakfast would cost. The location is great, the St. Germain des Pres area is full of activity, and anything you could want is steps away. It was a little noisy on Friday and Saturday nights, very, very late, but it's a small price to pay for the location. The small gripe we do have was the heating system would make a annoying noise each time it would turn on/off. Not good when you're just about to drift off to sleep. So I guess I would recommend this hotel. Would we go back? We like to try new things, so probably not. But, as I mentioned, it IS an excellent value in a very expensive city. So, what are you waiting for???  
<Date>Nov 25, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>Julia87
<Content>About the desk manager By reading the previous critics, I think there's a big problem about Patricia, the woman in charge of the reception of the Artus Hotel. I've stayed there several times, and I was very pleased of everything that offers this amazing hotel in Paris. But also disapointed of the attitude of this woman, who's very rude with the guests. How can a so nice hotel like the Artus could put someone like her in charge of something ? Pity ... But every time I go there, I'm happy Sanjay is there to make me feel at home !  
<Date>Nov 22, 2007
<Rating>3	4	5	5	5	5	3	2	

<Author>jonbuk
<Content>Artus: a good base for a short stay Stayed at Hotel Artus 2 nights end of August 2007. Had booked it on the basis of review of its old name / ownership as Hotel Buci Latin, it has clearly lost some of its character and has become more of a chain hotel since then. Still, the staff were very helpful and the hotel clean and nice. Had a suite, which let's face it was a decent size room with a sofa, but maybe is the norm for Paris. At 300 euros per night seemed a little pricey by London standards but not excessive. Nice view from Balcony bustling street below. Loads of places nearby to eat and drink, so lack of a bar or restaurant not a problem. Breakfast not great, but at least was inclusive.Has to be said biggest plus for this place is superb location, walking distance to most of the tourist traps and as mentioned plenty of good bars and restaraunts. Also the staff were excellent, set us up with bookings at two excellent restaurants, happy to provide directions arrange taxis etc. Overall recommended, I am sure we will return.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Amyl__35
<Content>Patricia .... What's that ??? I've been twice at the Artus last winter, I just remembered the excellent service from all the staff I just came back in this hotel for two days, and I was really really disapointed by the service of what we're supposed to call the head receptionist.. Patricia. she had such a bad attitude, not only with me but with a lot of customers. It was horrible.... She's rude, she doesnt know how to talk properly to the people and to her staff, specially the cleaning lady! What a pity for this supposed-to-be excellent hotel !  
<Date>Nov 9, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>HasaniKesi
<Content>Rude, rude, rude I've stayed in Paris a number of times. Never have I experienced such a rude manager. The other staff were fine but the manager of the Artus is a complete trainwreck. Don't stay here if you can help it.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	4	3	3	1	2	

<Author>Rinkman
<Content>Great Location ....Nice Place The location cannot be beat....So many cafes and restaurants to choose from....People everywhere throughout the day and night.The rooms are very small no doubt about it....However I dont spend much time in the room so it really didnt bother me. The decor was nice and the bed was comfortable. That being said a tad bigger might help a bit. However the room size would not deter me from staying here again. I prefer being out of any room walking around Paris.........even if it were 5 times the size!!!!!!! Sanjay was wonderful as were the rest of the staff...they would help /do whatever you needed with a smile!!!!!!! The breakfast which was included for us, was very good and a great way to start the day!Now, my real drawback here though was the internet access. The computer downstairs which is free doesn't work very well, if you can even get it to work. They do have it in the room however the cost is sort of out of line even for Europe. Like another reviewer said...some people have to stay in touch...Over my 17 days in Paris and Italy the internet access here was by far the worst.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2007
<Rating>5	4	3	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>Fran莽ois_Bogacz
<Content>Perfect location, but... It's the second time we were staying at the Artus Hotel. This time, we had booked a double standard room, because according to the reservation desk, its was bigger than the superior room, since it was designed for handicapped people. Well, I can imagine how small the superior room must be, considering the size of our bigger room. Even according to with St-Germain standards, this room was really small. The staff is very friendly, except the desk manager, a very snobby woman, who insisted to explain to me that they DID have Internet access in the room, through the phone line (!), whereas I was asking if they had Internet access through an Ethernet line. I then asked if they had Wifi access and was offered a horrible price/hour. As for the Macintosh in the hall with free ADSL access, it's an old and slow machine. For somebody who likes to stay connected even though he's on vacations, Artus is definitely not the place to stay - free Internet access is a standard in most four stars hotels in Paris. There are other minor point that show that this hotel is not very well managed : a light broken in the room but never replaced, some paint peeling off the wall in the (otherwise nicely designed) bathroom, some designer ceiling lightings fixed too low on top of the desk, so that every time you get up from the chair, you bang your head on them. Last but not least : the so-called bigger but standard rooms are on the main floor, at the back of the reception, so they can be noisy at night when other guest are coming back from their night out. The windows are on the level of the backstreet, which is a quiet one, but it's always a little bit weird to have somebody peeking at you when you open the stores...  
<Date>Oct 1, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LoPhat
<Content>Great location, terrible management I was very excited when I found the Artus and had high expectations for it based on the great ratings it received here at Trip Advisor. My disappointment started upon arrival when I discovered how small the rooms are. I've traveled around the world and only budget hotels in Tokyo are smaller than this. Oh well, I thought, the location is great and I've heard good things about the service. Everything was fine until something broke in my room that required fixing. Not only could management not get their act together to resolve the situation promptly, they struck a decidedly nasty attitude on top of it all. I would recommend against choosing the Artus.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	3	2	3	

<Author>BuciBoy
<Content>Perfect location/Perfect host The location is unbeatable. Make sure you ask Sanjay for his recommendations regarding anything you want to do or see. He gave us the best adivce re restaurants, museums and arranged a wonderful dinner cruise for us on the Seine. We had a truly wonderful vacation and were made to feel appreciated every day.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KarynOS
<Content>Book this one! As a solo female traveller, I searched hard to find a good hotel. I also increased my budget to make sure. I wanted it in St germain, with airconditioning, with helpful staff. I do not like impersonal big chain hotels, but i was also wary of 'charming' fussy hotels. Artus was perfect. For europe the room was a great size and the bathroom very generous and well fitted out. the bed was very comfortable. i asked for a room facing the main street as i wanted to be amongst it, being on my own, but if the windows were left open it would have been noisy. closed, the room was fine. if you were to be picky, the carpet is looking a little tired in the hallways but that is all. the metro stations nearby meant that i could return to the hotel from anywhere in paris. highly recommended.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>bruce14
<Content>Pleasant hotel, great location, tiny room. We stayed at the Artus for 6 nights in August 2007.The location is excellent, close to everything and Rue Buci is full of interesting cafes and restaurants.The hotel is clean and modern, the staff friendly and efficient. Breakfast worthwhile only if included in the price, standard buffet fare, lots of other choices right outside the door.The classic rooms are exceptionally small 鈥?one person has to sit on the bed while the other moves around the room, the desk chair dosn't pull out from the desk before hitting the bed, my wife would have appreciated a mirror in addition to the one in the bathroom. Good for one or two nights but try a superior room or another hotel for anything longer.The Yellow Van shuttle to and from the airport was prompt and efficient.We found Rick Steves walking tours provided a good overview of the city, don't miss the Pere Lachaise cemetary.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Shoemakerluis
<Content>unbeatable location, comfortable hotel       table and cabinet were a bit hard to use due to lack of space  
<Date>Sep 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	2	

<Author>Alan001
<Content>Seamless stay in Paris, but the room was a bit small Lovely hotel in a great location at the heart of St Germain. The lift was a little terrifying, the breakfast was basic but easy and the room was small but very pretty and well designed. Service was really friendly and most of all our whole experience was just really easy and satisfying. HIghly recommended (unless you're claustrophobic).  
<Date>Sep 4, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>VM2
<Content>Fabulous Location Fabulous location in the centre of St Germain De Pres just off Boulevard St Germain.Lots of restaurants,bars and famous cafes in area as well as lots of art galleries.Walking distance to Bon Marche a great shopping area as well as the Louvre and Notre Dame.The Artus is very modern inside and though the bedrooms are small they have been very well laid out and have used the space to the max.Loved the rainhead shower and also the very comfortable bed! We absolutely loved staying in this part of Paris and if we ever returned to Paris we would definitely stay here again  
<Date>Jul 31, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>LeFlaneur
<Content>Great hotel but... Great hotel, fantastic location in the heart of St. Germain and close enough to St. Michel/the Seine etc that you can really walk everywhere if you stay here. Staff were nice etc (didn't really use any concierge services so can't comment on that).A warning, however--we booked our room through Expedia and probably because we used Thank You Network points we must have been given the worst room in the hotel--ground floor, one tiny window that let out on the alley with trash and random people wandering past; no light, felt like living in a cellar. Bathroom and bedding etc were all nice but I suppose my caution would be to be careful about which room you get.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jersey60
<Content>Best Hotel and staff ever This hotel is fabulous. It is very sophisticated and contemporary in style. The rooms are small but very modern in design and extremely comfortable. The location is great and it is easy to get to all the major sites and museums by foot, bus, or train. The staff made our visit exceptional. They were friendly, interested in our daily comings and goings, absolutely motivated to make our experience in Paris special. Sanjay and the entire staff became our friends away from home. We will stay there again on our next trip to Paris.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>DC/VATravelGirl
<Content>Perfect location and close to nutella-filled crepes too! I just returned yesterday from a 6 day trip to Paris with my girlfriends and we could not have been happier with the Hotel Artus. No review would be complete without acknowledging and thanking Sanjay for being the perfect host, travel guide and smiling face after returning from a long day of sightseeing (and shopping, boy did we do a lot of shopping). There were four of us total so we had 2 per room (Room 101 and 111). We were told that Room 101 was the largest in the hotel and it was very big compared to what one normally gets in Europe. The bed was comfortable with nice linens (though no top sheet which might just be European but sort of plays on my yuck factor) and the bathroom was huge. The weird thing about the shower in Room 101 is that there is no shower door, curtain, pane of glass - nada. So, with a rain-type shower head you basically get water everywhere but we made do and covered the floor in towels which was fine. There is a small armoire which was plenty big enough for two of us and a small desk and flat screen TV. The hotel was not very noisy (aside from a small child screaming for apricot juice at an early hour) and we slept great even though we were on the street level. Room 111 was very similar to ours although their shower had a half a pane of glass which probably helped with splashing! The lobby is very modern with comfy couches and cool artwork and though we never made it downstairs for breakfast (why eat in the hotel when there are tons of great cafes right around the corner and a crepe stand 2 blocks away on St. Germain Blvd - did I mention the crepe stand yet? It's right outside St. Germain church and is truly a divine experience.) You can't beat the hotel for location as it's super close to the metro but I must say we pretty much walked everywhere as the city is very walkable and you get to see more (especially when the gay pride parade is going on which I highly recommend for a unique Parisian experience - it rivals NYC and Washington DC for sure! Great fun!). Anyway, I am pretty picky about my hotels and typically try to stay in 4/5 stars in the US and prefer hotels like the W, Ritz and Four Seasons (when I can get a good deal) and this hotel, while not Ritz-level, has the vibe of a W with the hospitality of a cozy bed and breakfast. It was so nice to be able to stop for drinks at the end of the day at Cafe Mabillon or Chai and just pop back into the room to change or drop off bags. There are plenty of great restaurants and we had an amazing pre-departure Italian meal at Del Papa which is only 2 doors from the Artus. Don't miss the spaghetti bolognese or carbonara and frankly it's a nice change from jambon and fromage! There is plenty of shopping right around the hotel and lots of art galleries for window shopping. We felt very very safe in the area and the cafes were hopping until 2am and on though we never heard much if any street noise. We searched and searched in an attempt to find the right hotel in Paris and we did not go wrong with the Artus. It's Fodor's rated which made us feel a little more secure but trust us, you'll be very happy here. Ask Sanjay about where to go, where to eat, or even for a car to get you back to the airport at 6am (that held lots of bags filled with sale month goodies!) and you will not be disappointed. He's just the best as we can't say enough good things about him. Try restaurant Entrecote and Cafe Visconti for dinner in the neighborhood too. There's also great gelato right around the corner and a crepe stand. Did we mention the crepe stand?! I think my thighs now look like nutella-filled crepes after this trip but boy was it worth it. Bon voyage!  
<Date>Jul 5, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Amzzely
<Content>A wonderful experience What a great time we had at the Artus Hotel ! Everything was perfect ; the location, the room, the breaffast, the staff, specially Sanjay and Matthew, thanks so much for your kindness !  
<Date>Jun 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>pommehomme
<Content>The Hotel Artus is hard to beat We have stayed here twice: once in 1996 and most recently in May 2007. All Paris hotels are expensive with small rooms and this is no exception. However, the location is nearly perfect in the 6th Arrondisement, just off the St. Germain-des-Pres, near a number of Metro stations and an easy walk to almost anywhere in central Paris.The hotel has been remodeled and the rooms are efficient with very nice bathrooms and large showers, though not a lot of room. The heating and air conditioning system is superb as are the windows and the rooms are quiet.Sanjay, the concierge, is a joy. He is extremely helpful with all the details of life in a large European capital. He made excellent restaurant suggestions and made reservations, summoned taxies, and generally made the stay a pleasure. The remainder of the staff is very helpful as well. A large British-type breakfast buffet with meat, cheese, eggs, and pastries is included in the room tariff.I will be back; this is my favorite hotel in my favorite part of Paris.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>fitz68
<Content>fantastic artus Just returned from the Artus and it lived up to and exceeded expectations. Sanjay was there to welcome us and proved very helpfulin helping us settle in to the hotel and the surrounding area. The location of the hotel is just perfect. In the busy and cosmopolitan St Germain des Prez area and within walking distance of the Seine and the Louvre.Plenty of places to eat (breakfast and dinner) and mostly reasonablypriced. The Artus itself is clean, modern, and if our bedroom was a little on the small side it was perfectly adequate. I would not hesitate to return - I will make a point of looking to the Artus as my first option on any return trip to Paris.  
<Date>May 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>thehatladyNewYork
<Content>Another happy visit to the Artus Just returned from my second stay at the Artus, and it continues to live up to its excellent record of service I found last year. Staff is extremely helpful; hotel is very clean and modern. Location is unbeatable!I especially recommend this hotel for first-time visitors to Paris as they go out of their way to help you with any needs or requests you have (from the mundane where is the nearest pharmacy to the more difficult can you help me get a reservation at this fancy restaurant.)One tip if you are travelling with teenagers there: you may wish to ask the hotel in advance to clear the room of any sensitive reading material (discovered this in the desk drawer.) I am not sure if it was left there by hotel management or a previous guest -but it was definitely not what I wanted my teenagers to see.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>oceanhouse
<Content>Refreshingly unfussy but not overly modern -- just right! I am always trying new hotels in St. Germain, looking for the hidden gem that I'll become loyal to on my twice-yearly solo business trip to Paris...The Artus is probably the closest I've come to finding the dream hotel. I like the clean and contemporary look of both the public spaces and the room (the headboard with lights and shelf space is a real plus!), and the bathroom is both modern and functional without being cold. The public space computer is a great feature (although I found it not working twice, the manager let me use her own computer behind the reception desk, which was very thughtful). The location can't be beat -- 5 minutes walk to St. Michele, 2 minutes walk to Cafe Deux Magots. It's on a busy market street, which for some could be a negative feature but for me was a positive -- as a single traveller I like to blend in when outside, and I found any number of sidewalk cafes within two blocks of the hotel where I could sit alone with a book and a glass of wine to pass the time. But then, I've never been bothered by noise, and some people are. I'll give it an 8 out of 10 and highly recommend it.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>cleifur
<Content>Wonderful..never underestimate the power of great service! We stayed based on the positive reviews here and would have to say it's even better. The location couldn't be better, in the heart of St. Germain, and the rooms are very tastefully appointed. But the best thing for us was the service, which was more 5 star than 3 star, thanks to Sanjay. He is the most pleasant, effective, hard working concierge we've ever encountered, all of his recommendations were spot on and he went (way) out of his way to help us. Next time we go to Paris, we'll stay wherever Sanjay is working.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TravelinBuddy
<Content>Great for Paris First Timers!               
<Date>Mar 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>OrangeTree
<Content>"Artus Hotels was the best choice" My husband and i stayed at the Artus on 7 Feb for 3 nights. I must say there are so many hotels to choose from in Paris and after much deliberation we chose this hotel based on good reviews and we were not disappointed.First of all the location can not be beaton, everything is on your doorstep! The staff at the Artus are very friendly and extremely helpful. The famous Sanjay is a true professional and is only too happy to please, he can recommend good restaurants according to your needs. I must say all the reception staff were very polite and spoke fluent english.Our room was small but modern and had a decent sized bed, lovely big windows and the bathroom was spotless. To be honest there is so much to see and do in Paris we didn't spend much time in the room anyway.We didn't eat in the hotel, instead we had breakfast at Paul which is just down the road to the hotel, they do the best omelettes!Saint Germain was by far the best location, full of cafe's, restaurants and shops and very safe to walk around at night. We will without a doubt stay at the Artus on our return to Paris in the future.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>H&TNorwich
<Content>Loved the Artus       This is us celebrating in Hotel reception  
<Date>Feb 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>camer00n
<Content>Best hotel in Paris! I've been to Paris about a dozen times now, and have long been in search of a good hotel which doesn't cost the earth. The Artus is definitely the one!!It's in a great location, if you want to be in the middle of a lively area with great bars and shops just outside. The staff are very friendly and helpful. The rooms are absolutely gorgeous, each one with a different theme - stayed in the African themed one which was very spacious (for Paris hotels which are normally shoebox sized, for American visitors though it's probably pretty small), airy, comfortable, well lit, well stocked bathroom etc.It's not superslick, and there's a tiny tiny bit of shabby chic around the edges, so it's not Hotel Costes designer luxury, but pretty amazing nevertheless at the price. Would recommend it heartily, it's going to be my base in Paris from now on...  
<Date>Jan 12, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Feldavision
<Content>Tiny But Clean, Chic, Perfectly Located Pros: Located in middle of the most charming street in the Left Bank. Modern and clean, if you don't go for that overly wrought, fou-fou French Louis style (we don't). Very friendly front desk happy to speak English when Bonjour and Bon Soir is all you can muster. Lovely quality materials like marble baths, new fixtures, down bedding, modern lighting. Cons: Our room was so tiny, we feel like our 23-foot Winnebago actually had more space to move around in. Only one person could pass by the bed or bath at a time. (In all fairness, that's Europe--and I think we had one of the smaller rooms.) The TV channels are sketchy and there's nothing for an English speaker to watch, not even one pay channel/BBC/etc. For such a modern place, I expected an iPod dock or even a standard radio/alarm clock/CD player, but there was nothing. Lastly, skip the breakfast (15 euros per person, served in a somewhat surreal basement room) unless you're starving .... there are a hundred cheaper options outside the door, our favorite being the Croque Madame at Cafe Buci down the street, or the super-affordable pastries and coffee at the Croissanterie just around the corner on Blvd. St. Germain.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	4	3	3	

<Author>amy_chicago
<Content>Delightful stay at Artus My husband and I stayed at the Artus Hotel for a short vacation over Christmas.We were very pleased with our stay - great design, great room, great location - tons to do within walking distance.We most especially appreciated the service provided from the concierge, Sanjay.Sanjay went out of his way to make us feel at home during our short visit - it's the best service I have ever had at a hotel.I would definitely stay at the Artus again.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Loveworldtravel
<Content>A most delightful stay! My two teenage daughters and I just returned from a lovely week-long stay at the Hotel Artus over the Christmas holiday. We would definitely stay there again. Aside from the wonderfully central location (lots of eateries, subway stops, center of many attractions), the room was very comfortable though the usual Paris small size. Very clean. Modern design. Aside from our comfort and ease of sightseeing, the highlight is the legendary Sanjay, head concierge. He was helpful in the planning of our activities in the months before our arrival. At my request, he graciously booked all our museum tickets (Louvre, Musee d'Orsay, Orangerie, Guimet, Jacquemart-Andre) prior to our arrival so we didn't have to wait in a single line for a moment. He arranged for our airport pickup and had a folder with all our museum tickets, metro information, and restaurant recommendations for me when we arrived. Sanjay looked after us happily with all of our daily requests and needs. The other staff were friendly and helpful except for the grumpy woman who was serving breakfast. The price was very reasonable for Paris and a good value. All in all, an enjoyable and comfortable stay with five-star concierge service.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>carriecarter
<Content>Wonderful Hotel We had a wonderful stay at the Artus. The rooms are very trendy and comfortable. Wonderful beds, excellent staff. Breakfast wasn't amazing, but it sufficed. The best part about the hotel is the location. It's in the most beautiful, quaint area in all of Paris. So convenient to the metro and there were tons of places to shop, eat, etc right around the hotel. This hotel made our trip!  
<Date>Dec 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>AnaHouston
<Content>Artus Hotel was a delight The rates on Expedia were great. Sanjay, the hotel manager, went out of his way to make us feel welcome in a city where it is not so chic to be friendly. He had a sense of ownership and pride. Safe and fun area. Very cool and pretty guests. Liked the lobby and the room. Will stay here again.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tuby
<Content>Perfect staff, perfect location I loved the Artus the first time I stayed there, in September '05, and this was a return trip for me one year later. The location on rue Buci just can't be beat--it is a market street in the heart of the 6th arr. Bakeries, grocery stores, restaurants, bars, gelato stands, open air fruit markets and rotisseries, and boutiques are all outside the door of the Artus, and that's before you've even walked a block. You can stay out on the street until extremely late and be perfectly safe because your hotel door is seconds away from all the nightlife and people watching. Every single staff member at the front desk is great--they all speak perfect English and help with everything you could ever need--making reservations, giving walking or metro directions, helping with taxis and airport transportation, etc. The rooms are kind of small by US standards, but very clean and well lit, and the bathrooms are pretty spacious. Comfortable beds, TV and AC, minibar in-room and in the lounge, breakfast room, computer for guests in the lounge--it has everything you'd need and more, unless you have LOTS of luggage (which they'd probably store for you--I can't imagine there's anything they wouldn't help with.) I definitely value location and help navigating the city (both of which pretty much equal fun and safety) way more than I value anything else when travelling, and you just can't find anything that beats the Artus when it comes to those things--it is PERFECT.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lalalaland
<Content>not the same The artus, I'm afriad to say, has gone downhill. It's now just another boring retro/modern address in the latin quarter. The unique charm that it once had has been renovated away. My heart sank when i walked in the door....I through of re-entering in case I had the wrong address. But then I saw the charming Sanjay - master of all things Paris. He may be the only reason anyone keeps returning. The photos on travel sites and even [--] are out of date and therefore I find misleading. I think with such a drastic change they owe it to update and let their clients know they are in for a complete change nothing like the artus. With that much of a change they should be forced to change their name to make the change more obvious. Imagine going to a renknowned restaurnat to find they no longer serve french but insted italian ... but under the same name.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2006
<Rating>3	3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>confab
<Content>A charmless hotel Yes, the decor is hightech, but the rooms are miniscule, the WIFI(15 euros for three hours)works poorly, and the breakfast room has the charm of a McDonald's complete with plastic seats. There are so many nicer places to stay for 250Euros  
<Date>Oct 11, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>Geny
<Content>Nice Stayed at this hotel in Sept 2006POSITIVESGreat locationThe hotel is EXTREMELY clean, wow.....Beautiful DesignFront desk staff BreakfastWindows openSafe in your roomThe amenities (soap etc)Free Internet in the lobby (complimentary)NEGATIVESThe lady that works at the breakfast has such an attitude that it is actually funny....No alarm clock in your roomHotel ran out of facial clothsNo iron/ironing board in your roomMy suggestions-If you have to go to the Eurostar station, be carefull there is alot of traffic. Allow yourself 1 1/2 hour to get to the station.-If you get there earlier than 2pm, leave your bags and start touring the city. We arrived at 11:30, front desk agent agent told us that our room would be ready in 45 minutes (we were so happy to have an early check in!) Finally our room was ready at 2:15,,,,,we wasted precious time as we were in Paris for only 2 days. There were 3 others couples that were told the same thing....they were very busy, the hotel was sold out. -Bring your own map. Be sure that the De Buci street is on it. I took the map that was given to me upon check in. The hotel is indicated by a red dot. The actually street name is not on the map - de Buci)!. I turned in circles the first day because of that.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2006
<Rating>3	3	5	5	5	2	2	5	

<Author>Tina_Sparkles
<Content>Disappointed After traveling 18 hours to arrive at Hotel Artus, we were told by Sanjay that our junior suite (booked months in advance) had electrical problems and would not be available (No one e-mailed to let us know). We were then offered suites at sister properties for MORE MONEY or a tiny room at the Artus. We were too exhausted and settled for the tiny room there, which was just above the street and quite noisy. The following day we asked to take a peek at the junior suite so we knew what it looked like and they would not let us even poke our head in. Something smelled fishy to us...and we were quite sure someone else had our room. Sanjay did make several reservations for us (complete with maps) and even got us into no-reservations restaurant, but it turned kind of yucky on the last day when he came over to to remind us of everything he did for us (twice) to insure his tip. Pretty tacky.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Service My husband and I recently stayed at The Hotel Artus during our vacation in Paris. The location was great and in particular the staff was incredibly wonderful. The concierge, Sanjay was a stand out. His attention to detail, his great dining suggestions, his positive attitude and his gracious personality were much appreciated by us. He always made the extra effort to ensure our experience was a pleasurable one.I travel quite often for work to some of the best hotels in the United States and the world and I can tell you the concierge services given by Sanjay exceeded any of those I have ever experienced.We will be happy to recommend the Hotel Artus to our friends and business associates. New York City  
<Date>Jun 6, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>thanford
<Content>Perfect Left Bank Hotel We were thrilled by this charming hotel. The staff could not have been nicer, especially Sanjay (who even followed up with an email after our return). Our room was generously sized for Paris. Room was freshly painted and very clean. Comfortable mattress. Flat screen TV. Great location near art galleries, restaurants, and museums. Only drawback was street noise at night (welcome to Paris). Would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KristaInLondon
<Content>Has potential, but... I'm trying to be positive. But here are my thoughts about the Artus. I booked primarily because of the postiive reviews on Fodors and somewhat on here up until recently. Should have known better!The PositivesWood floors. I like wood floors in hotel rooms.Cool shower head. One of those big round rainwater ones.Great breakfast buffet. I am somewhat of an expert. There were multiple juice choices, multiple meat and cheese selections, bread, yogurt, etc. Great location. If you want to be in a happening area, this is it. Tons of restaurants, bars, and shops around. Cool entrance. Very design-y. Interesting furniture and lighting.The NegativesI stay in hotels. A lot. I like to stay in a different hotel in Paris each time I visit because 1. I like to explore and 2. I still feel like somehow, somewhere, there's that perfect hotel that I can get for a good value (i.e., less than 200 gbp, or well, as an American living in the UK, that's $360 US), so I'm always searching. And in the immortal words of U2, I still haven't found what I'm looking for. I paid 150 a night for my room on Expedia. I've stayed in better hotels in Paris for 150 gbp a night. Here's why...1. My room. Is #102. I can see people's feet go by out my window. 1a. Beautiful fabric wallpaper. It's a shame some electrician decided to have his way with it and cut big open cuts all over it that no one has bothered to repair.1b. 1st floor is still under construction. I arrived home this evening to wet paint signs all around the 1st floor, one right outside my room. They painted the doorjamb. Honestly, I don't even want to know what was going on with my room while I was working all day. (Obviosly, this is just a short-term problem.)2. The Bed. Reminds me of my college days. As in--futon! (Nice pillows though.)3. Internet. Supposedly, the hotel is equipped with wireless. If it is, it's not free, and there are no instructions. So I've borrowed the connection of someone in the neighborhood.4. Sub-par concierge. Everyone talks about Sanjay. Well, he's not certainly working tonight. I asked for a restaurant recommendation and a nice walk, and the answer was everywhere is nice, and a half-hearted map to the river. Um, that's so not what I'm paying 150 gbp (aka $270 usd) a night for. So after mucho cajoling, he directed me to a restaurant that looked perfectly nice, but was jam-packed and I didn't have a reservation.5. The mini-bar menu in the room says Our selection of wines and Champagnes is at your disposal in the lobby. There was 1 4 euro beer and 1 28 euro bottle of champagne in the minibar, but I really just appreciate a nice glass of wine after a day in the office. So I went to the lobby and asked. The sub-par concierge told me that he had no idea what I was talking about, and the menu that I was describing did not exist. 6. Hotel staff does not work all night. After 9ish, I believe security takes over. Either that, or he was just pretty unhelpful and generally clueless. 7. The batteries in my TV remote are dead so dang European TV won't turn on. I'm sorry, Artus. Maybe you were great once. You gotta get back to your roots.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>New owners, losing much of its charm I have stayed at the Artus almost annually for over 5 years and was always delighted to return. I've stayed in many different rooms, from the smallest to the delightful junior suite with its panoramic view and sumptious jacuzzi tub. However, this trip, I was dismayed to find the quirky mix of contemporary and old was lost, replaced with a chilly slickness you'd expect in any recent New York or LA hotel. Gone were the terracota fresco'd walls and rustic wooden armoires (still present online at Artus Hotel) and in their place was custom-built, all one piece, formica headboard/desk/armoire. The placement of the armoire meant you'd literally have to move the bed to open the doors. The deep bathtubs (ideal after a long day of walking!) were replaced with glass shower stalls and a silly shade that rolled down from the ceiling - not much privacy. We were in a small room in the back of the hotel, low enough that we did indeed here the street noise from the alley, especially as the air conditioning wasn't working (for which we only received a 20 euro discount after 4 nights of stuffy accommodations). More surprising was that we'd booked a large double room with bath and got a small single-bedded room with a shower and yet were still charged for a deluxe room (again, slightly reduced when we complained). The service is still impeccable, particularly from the flawless Sanjay and Carol. And the location cannot be beat. It's just disheartening to see such a charming hotel redone and made so generic. Like if your best friend had a really horrible facelift!  
<Date>Oct 26, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Hotel - Will Definitely Stay Again Stayed four nights last week, had a wonderful time. We booked the junior suite, since we needed the extra room for a crib for our 11-month-old. The size was adequate for the three of us with our bags and the crib (which the hotel provided). The balcony was a bonus; after the baby was asleep we could sit outside and breathe-in Paris. The bathroom was enormous, modern, beautifully clad in marble and squeaky clean. The staff were exceptionally helpful (thanks Patricia, Sanjay and all). The breakfast was very nice and the coffee outstanding.The neighborhood has everything one could need, even for an infant. Plus, a short walk to Notre Dame, Louvre and Luxembourg Gardens. We will definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>My soul is Parisian       fluffy, comfy bed  
<Date>Sep 1, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Place to Stay This hotel has a modern feel to it. The room had been recently renovated and had a contemporary feel to it. Bathroom and shower were great. Room wasn't large but certainly comfortable. Great linens and bedding. Flat screen tv and quiet place to sleep. Location was great. Walking distance to most major attractions. Sidewalk cafes and shop just outside the hotel. The staff was accomadating and there was internet access available. Sanjay was most helpful. He even walked to the pharmacy with a guest to translate the dosage on medicine. It's not the Ritz, but if your looking for a moderately priced, comfortable place to stay in a great location, this is a great hotel for you.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>sarahito
<Content>Excellent!! Would definitely reccommend!! We stayed at Artus during mid-August and it was a terrific little hotel!! Upon arrival we were greeted by Sanjay who is as marvellous as the reviewers said previously here on TripAdvisor. Our room was on the top floor and was decorated in a very fashionable way. The bed was very cozy and the pillows were perfect. The flat screen TV had French, Spanish, German, and English channels. AC was powerful and easy to control. The bathroom had new fixtures and was comfortable. Breakfast we included for us and it was yogurt, croissants, juice, etc. My only concern was that the elevator is only big enough for 2 people (about 3x4 ft and when we arrived on the 6th floor the hallway was not much bigger--about 4x4 ft! There are only two rooms on that floor, it seems to be an attic loft redone into rooms. Once in the room, no complaints at all. The stairway was less claustrophoic and the graffitti artwork was cool. The hotel is in the perfect spot, near to the Louvre, Latin Quarter and Mabillon metro stop. There are plenty of cafes and shopping very nearby, but in August many things were closed because it's vacation time for Europe.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>trantman
<Content>Paris in Summer Time My Partner and I stayed in Paris for the first time and had a wonderful time August is a good time to vist because most of the Parisians have gone to the coast so things are a little quieter, but what a wonderful friendly reception we got from this small but attentative hotel. All the arrangements that were made prior to the trip were in place when we arrived and the room was of a very good standard, clean and modern but in an old building giving it some character also. The location could not have been better loads of bars, restaurants and cafes nearby but these did not affect the peace and tranquility of the hotel you never felt as though you were in a major world capital. All the sites were within easy reach either by Tube (100yds away was the nearest station) and The Louvre, Notre Dame, Museum D'Orsay and Latin Quarter less than 15 minutes walk away, so all in all excellent for sight seeing during the day and excellent for relaxing and dining of an evening. Sanjay and all the staff are most accomodating and I would not hesitate in staying there again.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a great little hotel! The location was perfect. Small shops, galleries and quaint lttle bistros right outside your door. Walking distance to the Louvre, and the musee d'orsay. Staff that was personal, helpful, but professional and unobtrusive. Rooms that were clean, modern and available upon arrival! A thoroughly delightful experience. Can't wait to return.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>only okay... great location but hotel needs a serious cleaning. also supposedly had air conditioning but it only worked marginally-room was 85 degrees plus at night and couldn't get it any cooler. hair dryer in room didn't work and internet connection in lobby was down.2 employees at desk were helpful but one was just plain rude and arrogant. the famous sanjay/sanjeet was on vacation. got the feeling he's what makes the place work.would definitely not stay again. too many better run places on the left bank.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2005
<Rating>3	2	2	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The perfect Paris hotel! How fortunate we were to begin our trip to France at the Artus! We stayed 3 nights in May and loved it so much we went back for two nights at the end of our trip. There are three things that are important when looking for an exceptional hotel - amenities, location and service. The Artus exceeded our very high expectations in every way.The rooms (we stayed in the Duplex on our first visit and the Junior suite on our next) were scrupulously clean and comfortable, with modern decor, amazing marble bathrooms, wonderful beds, flat screen TV's and Mini Bars -not to mention breathtaking views.The location on the Left Bank is literally steps from St. Germaine de Pres, with fabulous shops and wonderful intimate restaurants within a bustling and friendly neighbrhood.The Artus staff were warm and helpful. Sanjay (Concierge extraordinaire) is truly the consumate hospitality professional and nothing is too much to ask. He went out of his way to make us feel comfortable and at home, and suggested some excellent restaurants within walking distance. At the Artus we were treated to one of the best hotel experiences we could have imagined, and we will most certainly be back.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Artus is Great for Romance We stayed at the Artus for just one night and booked the junior suite. It was fabulous, newly refurbished with a great bathroom and balcony overlooking the rooftops of Paris. The hotel is in an good location and Sanjay gave us an excellent recomendation for dinner and was very helpful throughout. Highly recommended!  
<Date>Jun 6, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dubai
<Content>Amazing 40th birthday at Hotel Artus I just arrived home last evening from a romantic stay at the Hotel Artus celebrating my 40th birthday. My boyfriend and I loved everything about this quirky and oh so charming hotel. Sanjay went out of his way to ensure that we had the perfect time in Paris. He secured reservations at several restaurants that I would highly recommend: Le Coupe-Chou, Le Christine  Mon Vieil Ami. Sanjay seemed to know exactly what we wanted and was spot on with everything he suggested. The location of Hotel Artus is unbeatable. This was my fourth trip to Paris, but by far the most special. I will definitely stay at the Hotel Artus on my next trip and would recommend it highly to any of my friends and family.  
<Date>May 16, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Paris beats Aspen My girlfriend and I stayed over the New Years holiday and had a very memorable time. The rooms are on the small size but they have good beds, a cozy-hip feel, clean and bathrooms are decent size. The location is great too - strongly recommend having a Mojito at the Cafe Mabillion which is great place to end your night and is right around the corner from the hotel. The service is very good and Sanjay who runs the hotel provides excellent suggestions for places to eat and visit. If you want a small hotel in hip location then the Artus is the place.  
<Date>May 12, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>madam_bomb
<Content>Kind of pricey but good location With Arthus, you're paying for hip-factor and location. If that's what you like, then this is the place. The service was excellent and the added feature of a computer in the lobby for internet was great (although maybe they need two terminals as it was busy from time to time).It IS on a busy avenue (Rue de Buci is a great street with shops and cafes) but you're in a world-class city, not a suburb. I'm a light sleeper and didn't have a problem with it. I would definitely stay up high if you can.Interesting part of the hotel is the art of course. The stairway is a huge circular affair replete with a great graffiti mural all the way down and all the doors are done by different artists (about 10 artists in all, some doing different doors).There was a cafe downstairs, but I never even poked my head down there. They have papers and a great concierge service (They even got a reservation at a restaurant we were hoping to dine at).Overall it was a great place. Kind of romantic and kind of hip (in that buttoned-up Parisian way). I'd recommend it to couples and maybe business travelers, but it's probably not for kids as the rooms (at least ours) were a bit tight (it's in an old apartment building essentially, like many small hotels in Paris).  
<Date>Mar 9, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>mariopal
<Content>Ethnic hotel in an "ethnic" street Ethnic decor for a beautiful small hotel in the middle of the left bank dinner area. We, my wife and I, love this hotel as we fall in love - definetly - here. PROs: Nice and friendly staff, beautiful rooms and bathrooms. CONs: noisy and crowded (almost pedestrian) street plenty of restaurants and bars.PRICE: In my opinion a little overpricedOverall rating: really above average  
<Date>Dec 15, 2004
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Well deserved reputation Mr. Sanjay knows the hotel service industry; reflective of all the positive post. He knows exactly how much help we needed and when we needed our privacy. We stayed at the Artus in Late Nov. early December (we had moved from a diff. hotel because the suite we had did not have sufficient noise insulation from the hallways so we couldn't sleep in). After explaining this to Mr. Sanjay, he made the recommendation of their duplex which was perfect. A very charming room with crisp, clean comforters (something we quickly learn to appreciate during Paris's winters). We had a separate entrance (no neighbors) and slepted in t'ill 10 a.m. on some days and took late afternoon naps on others. Beautiful vaulted ceiling in our room with a free standing tub for two and a separate shower. Every single staff person we encountered were highly professional and warm. Mr. Sanjay surely knows how to run his hotel. The Artus is in the heart of the Quatier Latin on Rue Buci. Perfect location whether you are returning to Paris or on a first visit. Everything you imagine about Paris, the sites, the charms, the specialty stores are outside your door at the Artus. This was a return trip for us. We've stayed elsewhere in the past but in the future will always return to the Artus. Fantastic.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JBBUN
<Content>comfortable, friendly and unbeatable location Bottom line 鈥?id recommend this hotel to a friend. Bedroom- Fine size, smartly appointed, quiet despite overlooking the street on the first floor, good AC, very comfortable bed. Staff 鈥?bend over backwards helpful.Location- wouldn鈥檛 stay outside this district when visiting paris again. Shopping nirvana is on your doorstep- bon marche (best department store in Paris by some distance), rue cherche midi, rue four- you wont escape this area without happily hammering your credit card. Any number of great restaurants and great buzz.Price- We opted for the Large double room in the last week in October- 鈧?35 a night.We booked directly by email at a price equal to any of the 鈥榗heap sites鈥?we consulted. Although it may have been possible to get better value elsewhere, the room, hotel atmosphere etc were flawless and it was money well spent. The exemplary service the hotel offered began with the booking when we got an immediate response. The hotel also booked a table at the excellent restaurant Lipp nearby (think of Bewleys in Dublin but with far better food (and still open) and as authentic a French atmosphere as is possible in a restaurant that appears in so many guide books). Only downside was breakfast- surprisingly poor- just don鈥檛 bother!  
<Date>Nov 9, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best hotel of our trip to Europe We stayed for 5 nights in July of 2004. The room was a good size, clean, and colorful. We chose a room with shower; however, in the future we would go with a tub...the shower is really, really small. Nice breakfast and great location, but the best part is the staff. They went out of their way to assist us with restaurant reservations, directions, shopping tips...we were treated so well that the service at the other three places we stayed during our vacation couldn't compare. We will be back!  
<Date>Nov 9, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Getouttatown
<Content>Hip and Hospitable Just returned from a terrific September stay at the Artus. This casually chic boutique property is in the perfect location with great access to a wide range of shopping, dining, metro stops and major attractions. Right in the middle of Parisian life yet remarkably quiet rooms. Above all, Sanjay, the hotel's helpful and friendly concierge (who seemed to run the property singlehandedly) made our stay memorable, assisting us with reservations and questions via email before we even arrived in Paris. This hotel also features a few unique aspects, giving the feel and hospitality of an american bb with the privacy and amenities of a small hotel. A fun place to stay.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>London34
<Content>Enjoyable stay We had a two night stay at the Artus after a week in Provence. It was a relief to arrive somewhere so modern and minimalist after a week of chintz. Our room was great apart from a bit of noise from people in the corridor. Staff were friendly and very helpful. Breakfast was nice but a bit slow to be served and we noticed other people with boiled eggs when we weren't ever offered any. Our only complaint was a very irritating woman who took up most of the breakfast room conducting some sort of business. Not the hotel's fault perhaps, she was probably a demanding guest but they could have warned us that she was there and likely to glare at us as we went into the room.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>swa
<Content>I agree completly with the last reveiw! I spent only one night at the Artus hotel (at the end of our France trip). It was clean, decent size room, the art on the doors was interesting but the hotel has a very cold feeling except for the manager Sanjeet- who goes out of his way to be very helpful and thoughtful! The breakfast is OK (we had a much better breakfast at the first hotel we stayed at in Paris prior to seeing the countryside of France). The decaf coffee was instant, no fruit or protein. Just bread and jam and full fat yougart.The location however is wonderful!!  
<Date>Jul 19, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>goldlie
<Content>Nice, but cannot quite understand the hype We just returned from a four-night stay at the Artus. The main reason we booked the hotel was because of all of the rave reviews it received from other Trip Advisor users. Frankly, we do not understand what all the hype is about. The superior double room was clean, with a good size bed. However, the room was in need of paint and sprucing up. The service we received was nothing special and actually, the day staff was not that helpful. The breakfast was adequate, nothing more. It did not vary at all from day to day. Most importantly, there is something lacking in atmosphere. In fact, the hotel, although colorful and artsy, is still kind of cold. The location is the best part of the hotel!   
<Date>Jun 21, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MarkHolstein
<Content>Artus is magical!   showReview(2113148, 'full');   
<Date>May 24, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Artus Hotel was the BEST!   showReview(2079228, 'full');   
<Date>May 19, 2004
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>JohnLowrey
<Content>Wonderful Experience   showReview(1853058, 'full');   
<Date>May 2, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Cublooded
<Content>Perfect Place for Romantic Get-Away   showReview(1765934, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 6, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Left Bank rules!   showReview(1659573, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 18, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Cool, artsy and very friendly   showReview(1544039, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 9, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Friendly and chic   showReview(1503306, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 1, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Exceptional hotel   showReview(1503167, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 1, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kferko
<Content>A Hotel to Remember   showReview(1396576, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 16, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>top choice   showReview(815195, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 3, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>almiotrevia
<Content>ottimo ma qualche problemino con i bambini piccoli   showReview(22573775, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	5	

<Author>gally1976
<Content>Ottima scelta       Artus Hotel  
<Date>Oct 25, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	5	4	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tres bien place, calme, design, accueillant. A recommander   showReview(19646496, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 30, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bon h么tel dans quartier agr茅able   showReview(13982148, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 14, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>edeah
<Content>隆Nos encant贸!   showReview(12268583, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel correct ,sans plus.   showReview(11394069, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 5, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>dekavent
<Content>schick und in einer trendy Umgebung   showReview(5766969, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 4, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	4	

