<Author>ParadiseOklahoma
<Content>Decent Hotel For The Money! It had been awhile since we had visited New Orlean's so we decided to spend a couple night's there before we left on a cruise. I alway's do some research on tripadvisor before booking a hotel room. Country Inn and Suites was rated #1 on trip advisor at the time. I booked directly through the website and got a decent price on their suites. I figured since we were traveling with family it would be nice to have a two room suite to congregate in at the end of the day. Even though I booked in advance and directly through their website we were still given room's far away from each other. I will give you some pro's and con's of staying here.Pro's: Yes, it is in a decent location. But in my opinion, their were several good hotel's close to the main attraction's and Bourban street. We walked almost everywhere. Alway's felt safe. The police were out in full force during our stay. The hotel is set-up different than most hotel's. It consist's of several wharehouses grouped together. Had a lot of charm. Check-in was very fast.Had a decent breakfast selection, but was very crowded with limited seating. Yes, the bar area is very small but there is plenty of seating at tables nearby. The bartender was friendly and made some great drink's. My husband got hooked on the so-called swamp water special. Was actually a very tasty mixed drink.Had beer special's as well during happy hour.Con's;The suites were not all that nice. Room's needed a fresh coat of paint and the bed's were just average. I had read where the bed's were supposed to be really comfortable. Was disappointed to figure this out at the end of a long day. That is one of the main thing's I alway's look for at a hotel. The friendlyness of the staff and housekeeping was hit and miss. Alway's had to request extra washclothes and towel's.Would have been nice to have had room service. Most of the restaurant's near the hotel were closed by 10:00.Our room was near an exit, which became very annoying first thing in the morning when housekeeping was in and out talking and slamming the exit door. You would have thought that the suites would have been in a better location.Overall, this was a decent hotel for the money. We will be staying at the Intercontinental at the end of our cruise. I will write a review about my experience there on that hotel review site.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2009
<Rating>3	3	2	3	3	4	2	-1	

<Author>braunhy
<Content>False advertisement Make sure if you are not happy do complain!!I will to the Better Business BureauI think a reviewer kellianne17 from Philadelphia maybe right. They probably will put you in their worse room if you don't book through their own website. I did at first. Country Inn also advertise they guarantee the lowest online booking rate . I found one lower rate on other website - easyclicktravel.com I sent them the quote, but Country Inn refuse to honor their claim. They said that they found no information available. But I book via easyclicktravel.com for cheaper price.After reading kellianne17's review, I have no doubt that the County Inn will put guests in their worse rooms if rooms are not booked via their own website.Bbecause on their own website, they actually charge higher prices.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2009
<Rating>1	2	1	3	3	1	3	-1	

<Author>Shumtie
<Content>A great find This was a real surprise - despite being part of a chain the hotel feels boutiquey and individual. Although the facilities aren't amazing, the room was spacious, very clean, and comfortable. Breakfast was a bonus, and the general ambiance is friendly and welcoming. So much better than some of the big chain hotels that are just around the corner. Highly recommended.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2009
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	3	3	4	

<Author>Jamaicanyardie
<Content>Great Location - negligible housekeeping We stayed at the Country inn for 12 nights and agreed with other comments that the location is great. You are away from the crush of the French Quarter but it is an easy walk to get there and transport is easy by bus or trolley. It is good value for money since the hotel is pleasant and the rooms are fine. We asked for and received a larger room with a view and were happy with the additional space for our extended stay. We were disappointed with housekeeping however because the room was never properly cleaned and towards the end of our stay we were having to do our own inspection every evening and call to request towels or soap. Despite this we enjoyed the stay but had a nasty shock on the morning we checked out since we had been charged a $50 miscellaneous fee for damage to the room - damage that had been there when we checked in and was not repaired until a few days before we left. When we complained the manager removed the charge but it still left an unpleasant taste in our mouths since they did not even have the courtesy to advise us ahead of time.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>2	4	4	5	2	3	4	4	

<Author>kellianne17
<Content>Should've complained I'm a pretty easy going person and like to give people the benefit of the doubt, but this time I'm kicking myself for not being a hotel snob. My husband and I (both early 30s) had a fabulous time in New Orleans so this review is only based on what we experienced with regard to our room, the location, service and cleanliness of the Country Inn and Suites.I booked my trip for New Year's Eve and my first visit to New Orleans months in advance through Expedia. After reading the TA reviews about guests in the rooms in the back of the hotel being woken up each morning by the loud trash pickup, I specifically requested a room towards the front of the hotel. So where did we get our room? You got it! Right in the back. I don't know if this is because it was an oversight on a busy holiday or because we booked via Expedia and not the hotel itself, but there were plenty of other rooms in the middle and front. Check in was prompt and friendly, however, and we didn't have to wait for our room. In hindsight, I should've just turned right around and went back down to the desk to see if we could get another room even if we had to wait a little longer. The room was extremely smaller than many of the pics on here (similar to a NY hotel but with vaulted ceilings instead) and smelled like it was just painted. They were also painting across the hall around the elevators so I could've been smelling that. The windows of our room did not open to ventilate, but the smell seemed to disappear the next day so this didn't become a major issue. I did, however, get a face-to-face view of the office worker in the building across from us in the alley. So, privacy was also a bit of an issue in this room.The cool loft look I saw in pictures showed paint spots on the cement wall behind the bed and I later noticed dust hanging from the rafters. The room had thin walls/ceilings because we heard our neighbors either above us or next to us (couldn't really figure it out) while unpacking. Fortunately, they didn't party into the wee hours in their room. Otherwise, we would've had someone else besides the trash men keeping us up. The bathroom was clean and the counters were updated but the tub/shower area was small and plain. The vent was not functional so we had to use the hairdryer to get rid of the steam from the shower. Some highlights about the hotel itself. The best part of the hotel is its location. It is excellent--within walking distance to everthing. I really liked the Warehouse District and the great restaurants it has to offer. The hotel does not have a restaurant on site but has a nice continental breakfast and seating area. The lobby and courtyard were pretty and welcoming. (I didn't use the pool but know that it is more like the size of a large hot tub. Not really meant for doing laps.) The fitness facility seemed nice and very private as well. Overall, the room could've been better but it also could've been worse. We were lucky the paint smell went away and that our neighbors were considerate but the small room, thin walls, noisy trash pickup each morning and ignorance to our request really disappointed me. The other parts of the hotel were nice but I didn't really hang out in the lobby or by the pool. So if you're only looking for a roof over your head that's pretty clean with a good location, then this hotel will not disappoint.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2009
<Rating>3	2	1	5	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>OklaLibraLady
<Content>Best Over All Hotel in 15 Years of Attending Jazz Fest I have stayed in hotels in Metairie, Kenner, the French Quarter, the Warehouse District, the Garden District, on Canal and on Bourbon Street and even in LaPlace one year when I waited too long to make reservations--you name it. Country Inn is a safe place for a single female traveler that doesn't cost $400 a night during Jazz Fest. New Orleans is not a safe place for a single female walking alone, and this hotel is near enough Canal Street that even at night and with the other tourists coming and going to the hotels in the area of this one, a single female is safe going out to dinner after dark. There has been many a night when I got a bargain room in NO but was terrified to leave it alone after dark--ordered pizza in. The hotel is new--none of the mold/mildew problems you see in some of the older, more expensive hotels. The breakfast is ok with me. They have fresh fruit, bagels, and coffee, along with the waffles, so I was happy. The staff is friendly. The bartender was a great guy. I never one time felt afraid, and I have seen people mugged right in front of me when exiting other hotels in NO, so I know of what I speak. The Jazz Festival is absolutely addictive--every year of the 15 I have gone I have never once been disappointed. This is a great city with great food and great people--just pay attention and stay safe.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>psrogers01
<Content>On The Run from Gustav Warnings?? What warnings?!? My friends and I decided we'd beat the odds this year and enjoy Southern Decadence in New Orleans for our first time in four years (the year before Katrina). Our plane landed and we grabbed the first available cab. As it arrived at the front of the hotel, I immediately was pleased with the location....not exactly in the middle of the French Qtr but definitely within walking distance (5 blocks tops). The front desk staff was sufficiently helpful (nothing special but why would they be - a hurricane's coming) and the room was just right. Many have complained about the pool and it is kinda small but I thought it fit the hotel perfectly. However, if you are looking for a pool to make your trip, this one is not it. We were soon out of the hotel and made our way next door to Hurrahs Casino and from there to Bourbon. Our trip, as you may know, was cut short as the city was evacuated 24 hours after we arrived. The hotel staff was very instrumental in getting us on the first cab to the airport where we scored standby tickets on the first plane home. So, was having to leave the Big Easy a little early a bummer? Sure. But we now have our own Amazing Race story to tell and the hotel compliments its nicely.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>babyblueSF
<Content>Nice little hotel, but definitely not the best New Orleans has to offer... After looking at reviews for hotels in New Orleans on TripAdvisor, my friends and I were very excited to be staying at the Country Inn and Suites. It was one of the highest ranking hotels, in a great location, and affordable! Plus, people raved about the hotel.Don't get me wrong; this hotel is decent. But that's about all it is. With all the cute hotels with lots of character and/or the fancy hotels with gorgeous chandeliers or modern design, when we walked into the Country Inn and Suites, we were unimpressed. I like exposed wood beams, but the hotel just doesn't have a lot of character.Our hotel room had two queen beds, and the size was decent. The beds were averagely comfortable, though one of my pillows was synthetic and the other one seemed to be down-like. Neither was terribly comfortable. The bathroom was clean but not immaculate. And the water in the shower had two option: scalding hot or lukewarm. The service, however, was great. The people at the front desk were friendly and informative. The continental breakfast was also above average, since they had waffles in addition to the typical cereal/oatmeal/fruit/yogurt standards.But all in all, as I said previously, our stay at this hotel was unimpressive. I wouldn't avoid staying at this hotel, but considering all the other choices New Orleans has to offer, I doubt I'll be staying here again.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	4	4	2	

<Author>JeanaNorthCarolina
<Content>Great hotel We had our Army reunion here in the fall. Joe, our Concierge, helped so much with restaurants and tours. The location was so convenient. Magazine Street is a neat place to explore. Lisa Camp booked the reunion for us; everything worked out perfectly. The staff is very accomodating. A good time was had by all. Thank you Country Inns and Suites!!!  
<Date>Dec 10, 2008
<Rating>5	4	3	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>Chenky
<Content>Excellent hotel We thoroughly liked this hotel. The location is excellent. It's just off Canal Street, and is close enough to the French Quarter that you can take a break from wandering around to return to the hotel for a mid-morning pit-stop.The hotel entrance area is large and spacious. It has a good sized reception area, with comfy chairs, bookshelves and a fireplace. It has a really nice and welcoming ambience. The included buffet breakfast is fine, reception were great and concierge was helpful to a fault - so many trips and activities to consider!We had a room with a view over, well, a derelict courtyard. I guess that could have been better, but the peace and quiet suited us just fine.The room was clean and decently sized, as was the bathroom. The bed was excellent and everything worked, including the hotel Wifi.I'm struggling for something negative to say to balance my review. The shower in the room wasn't all that great, and the cookies at reception were disgustingly sweet is about the best I can come up with.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>MARK189
<Content>Great Hotel for the Money Stayed here for 3 nights in Mid November. Hotel pluses: value is great, free cookies, free decent breakfast, quiet rooms and great location close to the French Quarter etc. No real negatives other than maybe they could have more of a bar instead of 3 stools at a counter but I quibble. I would try to get a room not on the street as we switched rooms after one night.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	3	3	

<Author>sharper1
<Content>Very pleased with Country Inn and Suites! Country Inn and Suites was in a great location, and staff (esp. at breakfast) was excellent. Had a two room suite, living area a bit small and small window in bedroom but very clean and comfy beds. Used laptops both wired and wireless with no problems. Guy in next room came in at 4am and turned tv on LOUD, waking us up. I called front desk and they called him immediately and he turned down the volume. Tiny complaint was that brochure for hotel says they have sausage at complimentary breakfast, but they did not. I didn't care but I had told men in the family that hotel had meat at breakfast and they were a little annoyed at its absence. Would definitely stay at this location again.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Stephanie99
<Content>Lovely Hotel  The Country Inn  Suits Hotel in New Orleans was excellent for the low price that I paid. First of all, the hotel facilities and the actual hotel room itself were both immaculately clean, which is always a plus in my book. The rooms are not huge, but spacious enough for a comfortable stay. The bed was also super comfortable, which helps after a long night of partying on Bourbon Street. On top of the general aesthetic and comfort of the hotel, the staff is both friendly and helpful. I checked-in and out of the hotel with ease and received prompt service when I had any questions or requests. The location of this hotel is quite ideal as well since it is right in the central business district and just a stones throw (i.e. 5 - 10 minute walk) from the French Quarter and excitement of Bourbon Street. You are close enough to experience the party and easily walk home, but far enough away where you get some peace, quiet and relaxation. I also found that the hotel was located a convenient distance from most other attractions and only a few blocks away from the St. Charles Street car.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Jakeysnake
<Content>Excellent choice -excellent value- good location!! We were so pleased with our stay here-can't say enough about it! Room 442 was small and not fancy, but very clean and very quiet! We weren't in it much anyway so who cares about size. Building is architecturally interesting and unique- Bed was very comfortable (I've had terribly uncomfortable ones before on several trips). We were in a good location - just a quick 10 minute walk from much of the action- I had heard it's better to stay off of Burboun for some peace and quiet anyway. We stayed from Thursday to Sunday for a family wedding. The rest of the guests stayed at the Holiday Inn a few blocks away- they had a terrible experience. Rooms there were dirty,musty- and hotel needed updating- so needless to say, we made a good choice not to stay there. Staff at County Inn was very pleasant and helpful. Complimentary breakfast is not fancy but just enough to start off a day of sightseeing. All in all, it was a very pleasant experience and I would definetly recommend this hotel for it's cleanliness, hospitality and value - can't beat the price we got. $109/$119 per night.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Aveadora
<Content>A good place to stay. Stayed there for 2 nights, had to switch rooms because they booked the suite we were in for someone else on the 2nd night and got transferred to a regular room. That was kind of annoying but we dealt with it. Rooms were clean and nice, the beds were comfortable, the rooms are nice though there's no good views really. Valet parking is worth paying for, they were very nice and even ran to get items for us that we forgot in the car(the hotel parking deck is 2 blocks away). The breakfast is basic but good, good for grabbing a small bite to eat before going out. The pool is outdoors and tiny, was not impressed with that in the slightest. For the money and being so close to the French Quarter it's worth it.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>MNDC
<Content>Yes, this is the place you should stay Especially nice features:+ Location near, but not in, the French Quarter+ Adaptation of interesting old architecture to new purposes+ Helpful, friendly staff+ Good wireless+ Comfortable, clean, tastefully decorated rooms+ Quiet garden space+ Affordable  
<Date>Nov 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>F0xyCle0
<Content>Great Time Great Hotel. The lay out is a little different, but this is due to it being converted from a couple of old warehouses. It adds to the charm. The room was sufficient, and quiet. The bed was wonderful and slept very good. It was nice to be away from all of the noise on Bourbon street, but still be in close proximity to everything.We walked through another chain type hotel (larger one) and didn't seem as warm and inviting as this one did. We were glad we chose Country Inn.Breakfast was standard and good.Pool was very small. Enough to take a quick dip in, however don't count on doing laps or laying out. Not that type of pool....more like a very large tub. As another reviewer mentioned, there is no problem with the air conditioning working. Our room was a little stuffy when we first got there, however quickly cooled down and in fact we even had to turn off the air one night, because it got so cold in the room.Pre-pay price on the website was a great deal. Would not hesitate to stay here again.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	3	5	4	

<Author>CenCal
<Content>Great For The Price We stayed five nights here before Halloween. The service was good, the continental breakfast was good, the small pool was good. The room and bathroom were clean. Walking distance to the French Quarter was a plus. Overall, great room for the price. Definitely recommended.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>adubz33
<Content>Location, Facility, Staff: WONDERFUL!!! It is only a few blocks to the French Quarter, Riverwalk and more. I have stayed at Country Inn's before and this is the best one by far. Beautiful vaulted ceilings, exposed original beams, great staff. I would stay here again!Recommend (all within walking distance): Drago's- charbroiled oystersRed Fish - bbq oystersPaddy O's - hurricane or mint julep (they have a wonderful courtyard)  
<Date>Oct 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Craazylulu
<Content>Awesome location! This is not your typical chain hotel. The front desk lady said it has been renovated from a few warehouses put together. And very perfect for staying to check out the French Quarter, it's all walking distance. And you KNOW after a few of those hurrianes you shouldn't be driving anywhere anyway! This hotel is in a high traffic area so you feel safe walking places because there are people and cars all over.The rooms are clean (but pretty small), the staff is helpful, free internet, and there is a continental breakfast in the am and happy hour drink specials in the pm if you are going the super-budget route. The only downside I found was that you can hear everything that goes on in the halls outside your room, kids running  screaming etc. But well worth staying in, perfect for a weekend getaway! BONUS: our room had a 2007 Zagat Guide for us to read to further research all the yummy places to go eat!  
<Date>Oct 13, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>SLICKYINC
<Content>Huge king suit Great place to stay. huge king suits, and very clean. Within walking distance of the french quarter.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>CMarcos
<Content>Impressively charming and classy Made month-long reservations for a business trip and had no idea how great my stay would be. I actually had a chance to move to the Hilton after 2 weeks but decided to stay at CIS. This is the BEST hotel when looking for elegance, comfort and affordability. EXTERIOR: Designed to blend with historic surroundings of old warehouse style neighborhood - TOTALLY adds to the charm. ATRIUM: Amazing 5 story area of brick and exposed beams. STAFF: Helpful and courteous, from front desk personnel to the maintenance guys. VALETS: Friendly, fun, and professional even during crunch time a.k.a. check out. LOBBY: Offers free internet/printing, and small but respectful library of reading material. SITTING/LOUNGE AREAS: Plentiful and cozy. COURTYARD: CHARMING! Allows hotel to claim New Orleans roots without screaming 鈥渞ecently renovated鈥? POOL: Small 鈥?more like a large spa sans the jets. 4ft depth may be found boring for swimmers but great for a refreshing dip or evening hang out. POOLSIDE BATHROOM/CHANGING ROOM: Nice, roomy and private. WORKOUT ROOM: Good variety of machines with fresh towels available in both pool and workout areas. D脡COR: Elegant mix of traditional, classic and serene throughout hotel and guest rooms. Be sure to grab a home baked cookie at the front desk on your way to the lobby bar and have a drink and a chat with John the bartender.I found all the room amenities listed on the website accurate. 2 room suites along Natchez (bedroom and living room) seemed more like a small apartment than hotel room. The King beds are high, soft and sleep inducing. Housekeeping was GREAT, consistent, thorough, patient and friendly. The dining room was always clean and neat. Breakfast offers an incredible variety, even for continental. If you walk away hungry then its your fault. Take the other comments seriously about CIS being conveniently located. You can see Canal Street from the front door but don鈥檛 have to suffer hearing the late night nightlife on most nights (after all, this is New Orleans). Less than 20 minute walk to the river, mall, aquarium, Drago鈥檚 at the Hilton and into the French Quarter.Negatives (sorry!): Room air conditioning units work almost too good, noisy garbage trucks collects between 3-5am - request an inside room if this will affect your stay, though there are plenty of sitting areas, the hotel isn鈥檛 huge and when large groups stay it seems like they are 鈥渢aking over鈥?the entire hotel.I almost forgot I wasn鈥檛 staying in a place that Zagat鈥檚 doesn鈥檛 classify as a luxury hotel. CIS offers the same services but with a personable staff, cozy atmosphere and affordable rates. Forget the fact you can鈥檛 afford a room somewhere else or there wasn鈥檛 any availability. CIS鈥檚 sophisticated charm will make you forget you wanted to stay elsewhere. This is truly New Orleans best kept hotel secret, which is why I hesitate to write a good review, though well deserved. I have no idea how they stay in business, being such a great hotel of extremely high quality and service, at such a low price. Other luxury hotels may be high class but this hotel has more class and charm than any of them!  
<Date>Oct 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>oznorms
<Content>Just Gorgeous This hotel is just great especially for the price. We stayed here for 3 nights in August with 3 children (5, 8, 10). The room was great - plenty of room, extremely clean and bed very comfortable. The staff were quiet but very helpful and friendly. Loved the cookies at the front desk (kids did too!). The internet access in reception was fantastic for us as we could pop down anytime to quickly check emails etc. The pool is tiny but after walking around New Orleans in the heat is was a welcome relief for the kids. The hotel is in a really great location close to everything we needed. Went to Mothers for dinner - fantastic experience! Breakfast was good but everywhere we went in the US they used plastic crockery and cutlery which is environmentally really sad and does cheapen the experience a little. All in all loved it and would be back any time.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>DallasTraveler080
<Content>Great Hotel! Great hotel (esp for price!) - nice lobby, nice clean rooms with great appeal with exposed beams and brick walls, comfortable beds, free high speed internet, free continental breakfast etc.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>paulhScotland
<Content>country inn N.O we stayed here 3 nights, clean and comfortable room  free wi fi in room.Breakfast inc- basic but good- have a shot of the waffle machine.The building is a converted warehouse, looks good in the hallway where you can see the original exposed beams. There is a free access PC and Printer in the LobbyMagazine st, is just off the French Q, worth staying as its abit less noisy, if heading for Bourbon st , recommend going along one the streets parrallel with it and up onto the st instead of gonig up Canal st, its quite edgy at night.If i make it back to NO i would be staying again.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	4	5	4	4	

<Author>Dutchees
<Content>Perfect hotel for a city trip! with an impulsive mind we decided to visit New orleans for two days. So through Hotwire we booked our stay at this hotel.It was a wonderful hotel with an amazing entrance! Really pretty. Room was a normal hotel room with all the facilities needed (bathroom, internet, tv, and a nice comfy bed).Great stay if you want to explore New Orleans. Also great is that its not really downtown the French Quarter so you can sleep at night (no noise from outside). But with a few steps you are at the harbor and the quarter!Really nice stay!  
<Date>Sep 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	4	4	3	

<Author>grlbrandy
<Content>Great Rate...Great Bed I could not have asked for a better stay at this hotel. Not only was the rate fantastic, the bed was extremely comfortable, the entire property was clean, the breakfast was more than adequate, and the staff never failed to smile and ask how our vacation was going. Not only that, but the hotel was within walking distance of everything and far enough away from the noise that can be New Orleans. My husband and I will be staying here during our next trip to New Orleans. (By the way, there is a GREAT restaurant--Mother's--right around the corner that I would recommend.)  
<Date>Sep 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Princeton_Man
<Content>Great Hotel, Great Bargain! Just returned from dropping off our daughter at Tulane University. This hotel is just a block from Canal Street and the St Charles Ave street car and the French Quarter -- a perfect location. It is also across the street from Cuvee, one of the top French restaurants in the city. The room was very clean and modern. The staff was very friendly and helpful (a great concierge). The free breakfast was excellent. We got a $66 per night rate online. There is also an overnight parking lot a block west on Magazine St, so we avoided the valet parking fee, which is rather steep. The neighborhood has some abandoned buildings and broken sidewalks-- reminders of Katrina's fury. But all in all, this hotel was one of the highlights of our trip.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>jbacs
<Content>Great for the price! My girlfriend and I stayed here for 4 nights. It was a very nice experience and a great value. The room was a single king overlooking the courtyard. It was clean and modern, however, it was kind of small. The hotel staff was friendly. The lobby is nice. The free breakfast was more than adequate. The pool is very small but we were able to sneak in a few dips late at night when no one else was there. It is open till midnight, so it worked out fine. The location was good. It is about 4 blocks to the French Quarter and 3 blocks to Harrah's Casino. It is also within walking distance to the WWII Museum, right on the same street. I would recommend a stay here to anyone who wants a nice hotel without paying a crazy price for a place to sleep.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	4	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>VSU_Mom
<Content>Pretty Good... My family (my husband, two teenagers, and I) stayed here for four nights in July. The hotel lobby was lovely and our room was large. I would highly recommend NOT getting a room on the street level. We checked in early and they asked if we would mind, and we said okay, but it was a mistake. Very early in the morning (around 6 a.m.), every morning, we heard some sort of truck outside. Not sure if it was trash pick-up or some sort of construction, but it was impossible to sleep through. Also, you must keep your curtains closed because people on the street tend to look right in. The hotel location was okay. We didn't want to be on Bourbon St. because of noise, but it was a bit farther than I thought it would be from the Market and the heart of the French Quarter. However, it is close to the Aquarium and Harrah's if you're planning to go to either of those places. The hotel concierge was nice and helpful, and the front desk staff was okay, depending on the day. The Cuban restaurant next door is excellent, but there are no other places to eat very close by that we could find. The breakfast buffet at the hotel was quite good, considering that it was free. Parking was $25 a day, but that's standard for NOLA. The pool was TINY--really not a pool at all. Since there was a family and their child there everyday when we visited, we couldn't get in, but that wasn't their fault. They were hot just like we were. If you're not a smoker, you might want to stay away from the pool area anyway, since that is a smoking area and the smell was horrible and we couldn't stay out there because it is very small and people were smoking. Overall it was just okay. The room was clean, the housekeeping staff was nice and accomodating, and the bartender is very cool. I don't think I'd go back mostly because of the location, but it was a good deal for the price.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	2	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>kenpeterson
<Content>Great Stay Stayed one night in New Orleans at this hotel. I would give the hotel 5 stars, but the front desk staff was less than competent and less than friendly. I have heard that since Katrina the service industry has had problems finding and keeping good people and it shows. I had problems on this trip with waitstaff and hotel staff. At the CIS my card key wouldn't work and it took me trudging back to the desk all the way from my room three times and starting to get very angry before they got it right. Anyway, an exception is the bartender John; a great guy, full of tips and advice and pours a mean tequila. I will stay there again just to drink at his bar. The room is small but clean, the location is great. The price is more than reasonable at $75 per night, but is kind of misleading, as you will pay another $25 per night to park. I will stay there again due to the location, price and great barstaff.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	2	1	4	

<Author>DoubleE
<Content>Great stay!!       Jackson Square  
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Lindahdhw1
<Content>Wonderful Hotel! I stayed at the Country Inn  Suites, 315 Magazine St. New Orleans, LA the last week of July 2008. What a wonderful hotel! This property is charming and cozy and also has a cute little swimming pool. My room was lovely, the small bar very friendly, front desk staff very helpful and Minette, the concierge, was great. Included in the room price is a very nice breakfast . The location is very handy to the French Quarter, Riverwalk and many restaurants. We felt comfortable walking outside all of the time. It was a terrific experience and I look forward to returning to this hotel the next time I'm in New Orleans. I paid the unbelievable price of $70 per night.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>disheveledprofessor
<Content>Great for the Price We stayed here one night, and were absolutely delighted -- and plan to return.We had a room with 2 queen beds. The room was spacious, and so was the bathroom. The room was cold -- but we prefer sleeping cold to being hot, so that was fine.The breakfast was advertised as continental, but was more extensive than we anticipated, and we enjoyed it.Everyone we dealth with: the desk clerk, the girl inthe breakfast room, the attendant at the valet parking, the concierge, were friendly and helpful.Even paying for valet parking [which is better than other, higher starred hotels we've stayed at in New Orleans, where the parking was an unguarded lot across the street from the hotel], the price is more reasonable than you'd find for comparable rooms in New Orleans.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>scg128
<Content>For the price...       View from our room.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2008
<Rating>3	5	4	3	4	2	2	3	

<Author>overman129
<Content>Excellent place to stay near French Quarter Recently stayed at the Country Inn and Suites French Quarter for a brief weekend getaway. Could not have been more satisfied.Not only was the hotel beautiful and an excellent place for a quiet stay, it was also within short walking distance of the French Quarter, Riverwalk, Harrah's, and the Aquarium.Parking is available through the hotel, as well as a public overnight lot one block away provided you arrive early enough.Also, we strongly recommend the Cuban restaurant just next door.I cannot say enough with regard to this hotel, we will definitely be coming back any time we travel to NO.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ariaydlysme
<Content>aribre My husband and I stayed here July 5-8 2008 for the Essence Festival. I chose this hotel after reading all of the great reviews and those were accurate! The hotel was very nice, the rooms were very clean and comfortable. The bathroom was nice and looked very new/remodeled. We were only in the room to change and sleep for a few hours. The hotel is in safe walking distance to just about all there is too do in New Orleans. French quarter was about a block away. Oharra's is very close buy to for you gamblers (we didn't gamble but we did go and attempt to and they offer free drinks if you are doing so). The riverwalk was a short 10 min walk away as well. We are considering going back to next year and this will be our hotel of choice.Oh...the staff were all friendly ...we were there during a really busy time but they were very helpful whenever we had questions.Mother's restaurant is around the corner and I had the food was great...was a long wait tho :( but worth it all!  
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rtussin
<Content>Not much shut eye in Nola I booked this hotel after reading reviews here for what seemed a family orientated hotel ( ie suite accomodation). The rooms and staff:all good- in service and size but oh the NOISE - I don't know if it was just bad luck but we stayed during a period when two groups of 60-100 teenagers were there, and the noise they made at night carried right up to the rooms making sleep impossible. It wasn't entirely their fault, the design of the hotel ( with it's lobby without ceilings) while beautiful means there's no ceilings to dampen even the slightest noise. I would have though management would put families in a quieter part of the hotel- but ours wasnt the only family suffering. Bottom line... if you want to sleep before 12am, DON'T get a room that lies off the reception/lobby area.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	5	3	3	3	4	

<Author>SParr
<Content>A Great Place to Stay I stayed in a third floor suite at the hotel for four nights with my wife and teenage son. The location was excellent, just two 1/2 blocks from Canal Street, and the suite unique and sufficient. The master bedroom had no windows, but we got used to it. The ceiling was very high and the king sized bed was comfortable. Our son slept in the other room and had a window to the inside hallway of the hotel. The only problem as far as we were concerned was the breakfast. It was included in the price, so one may be loathe to complain, but in fact the coffee, no matter which of the varieties you picked (and there were several) was below standard. That aside, we highly recommend this hotel. We are already hoping to stay there again next year because New Orleans, also, is a very special place. We liked it by far better than most of the places we have visited in the States and we have been around a lot.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>precious_gurl
<Content>Okay for the price My boyfriend and I spent the week of July 4th at this hotel in New Orleans. When we arrived we were struck by the beauty of the hotel, especially the lobby area. It has an old world charm appeal. We checked in and even though we were very early we got a room. Unfortuantely it was on the 4th floor and the noise from the AC unit on the roof was unbearable. The front desk graciously allowed us to check out other rooms and we decided on one on the 3rd floor. Much better! The good news: the free breakfast has a good amount of options. There is a computer with high speed internet in the lobby where you can also print. On the downside, if someone is using it you'll have to wait. We found the concierge to be very helpful and informative. The room was small but comfortable. Now for the bad news and there's a lot of it: There were no sheers on the windows in the room, so either the shades had to be open or the room had to be cloaked in darkness. The TV is in an awkward position which makes it difficult to see from the bed. Our iron leaked black stuff on my boyfriends pants. We requested a new iron and it never came. We told the front desk about the stained pants and they agreed to pay for the cleaning. However, when we went to retrieve the pants they were sitting in a bag on the floor because the front desk forgot to give it to the dry cleaner. This happened the day we were leaving so the manager (thank God for Karen, probably the only professional acting person I met there) said we could mail in the cleaning receipt to get reimbursed.; The cleaning person took my personal soap from the bathroom. I don't know how you can mistake a large bar of soap for the dinky bars they give you. One day we forgot to request room service so we asked for some sheets and towels. The front desk told us they could not access the sheets but could send up towels. How can a hotel not be able to access its own sheets?! So we called back a few hours later and lo and behold they brought up sheets. On the whole I found the front desk staff to be unprofessional and downright rude at times. If we approached the desk and they were already helping someone else they would not even look at us to say, i'll be with you shortly. In fact they avoided all eye contact and acted as though we were not there. Also, when we entered the hotel after being out all day the front desk staff would barely acknowledge us. They were too busy joking and talking with one another. Overall, the hotel was fine since we did not spend too much time there. There is just too much to see and do in New Orleans. I loved the location of the hotel though because it's not directly in the French Quarter but it's close enough to walk there. I probably won't stay here again because I found the service lacking. If that's not important to you, it probably is a good value for the money.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	4	3	2	1	3	

<Author>wanderlust333
<Content>Great Hotel; Great Location! We stayed at this hotel for about five nights in December. Travelling to New Orleans is a very affordable vacation and December is part of their off-season and the weather is still nice that time of year! We chose this hotel beacause of the tripadvisor reviews. And boy, was everyone right on! I am a little late writing this review as a result of a very poor experience that I had at a Country Inn  Suites in Wytheville, VA. So, I just wanted to give this hotel in New Orleans their well deserved praise.This hotel is situated right on the edge of the french quarter, and close to the warehouse district. It was an ideal location, but still off the beaten path a little.Check in was easy and the staff was friendly. We stopped at the little bar in the lobby during happy hour. That's where we met John, the bartender. He was great, just as other reviewers mentioned. He was very helpful with suggestions on places to go and the Swamp Water was yummy!The rooms were very clean, quiet and comfortable. The room was small, but the ceilings were high so it made up for the fact. The only downfall about the room was the TV- it was a tiny outdated model. Maybe they upgraded since we last visited.The fitness room was pretty nice and the pool, although small, was very nice and private in the courtyard.A nice touch were the fresh baked cookies they had at the front desk. The complimentary breakfast was sufficient and you could sneak in the room throughout the day for coffee.I would definitely recommend this hotel. It was very afforadable, clean, a great location, and the staff was very pleasant. A+ to the Country Inn  Suites in New Orleans!  
<Date>Jul 14, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MickiKaye
<Content>Great service at Country Inn and Suites We stayed at the Country Inn  Suites while in New Orleans for the Essence Music Festival. The staff was great -- very responsive, agreeable, and eager to please. I loved the airiness and decor of the hotel lobby and common areas. The daily continental breakfast was adequate. My only problems with the hotel were how paper-thin the walls were: I could hear everything going on with my next door neighbors, from conversations, to using the toilet, to simply walking through the room! It was unbelievable how thin the walls must be. The bathrooms need an exhaust fan. Those are my only two complaints. Overall, we had a great experience, and I'd stay there again...armed with my earplugs.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>molletts
<Content>Great hotel in NO We stayed at this hotel for 4 nights from 31st May. At first we were a little disappointed that we weren't right in the heart of the French Quarter but after our first walk through there at night we were glad we were just out of it as it is a very noisy area. It is only a couple of blocks of safe walking, even at night. The hotel itself is charming and very good value for money. Our room was huge and very comfortable. Two friends travelling with us thought they had booked a room with two beds but they were given a double bed. A request for two beds was met with no fuss. The concierge was very helpful in helping to arrange an alligator tour. The breakfast, included in the price is very good and there is a guest laundry which we found useful. There is also free internet access. In all a very nice hotel which I would have no hesitation is recommending.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Ms_Independence
<Content>Fantastic Hotel near French Quarter! We spent 2 nights in this hotel for a quick July 4th weekend get-away. It is conveniently located in walking distance to the French Quarter. This is a beautiful hotel in a converted warehouse with lots of charm. We had a suite on the front section of the hotel. It was very clean and well maintained. The hotel staff was super nice and quick to respond to any requests. Everyone was very friendly.They offer a free breakfast and it was quite popular when went @ 9:30 am on our first morning. We opted to walk down to the Quarter for breakfast. The next morning, I went earlier ( around 7:30 am) and there were just a few people at that hour. So, I recommend you go downstairs early if you plan to eat their breakfast. On a side note: for the ladies, leave your high heels at home and bring your walking shoes when you visit the French Quarter area. You'll enjoy it much more. The sidewalks are very rough and bumpy and it's bigger than it looks on the little map they show you.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Suzmich
<Content>Great hotel, good location We only stayed one night at the Country Inn and Suites, but were impressed by the friendliness of the staff, the look of the hotel and rooms and the great price. The warm cookies at the front desk were a nice touch. The breakfast was good. The rooms were clean and attractive and it was only a short walk to the French Quarter and other attractions.The only complaint we had was the $24.00 valet parking and the dumpster pick up at 4:00 am in the alley outside our window. The noise from the truck emptying the dumpster wasn't terrible, but it did wake me, also perhaps because I was expecting it after reading another review of this hotel. Overall, we enjoyed our stay and would definitely stay again if we're ever back in New Orleans.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>HOaKIE
<Content>Really neat hotel Stayed one night on a business trip at the Country Inn  Suites near the French Quarter. A really neat hotel. Renovated from historic buildings, you can still see the old structures that are weaved into this new hotel. My room had 12'+ ceiling height and the walls were thick block walls. The lobby shows the old beams from the warehouses that used to occupy the site. The staff was friendly and efficient. The bartender was a great host.My party walked several blocks to Emeril's restaurant to eat dinner (excellent place to eat). The area was safe. We didn't venture into the heart of the French Quarter but it wasn't that far to walk.I would definitely stay at this hotel again in I return to New Orleans.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Arlo89
<Content>Great place, great price We stayed here for three nights and really enjoyed our visit. The location was wonderful, as it was an easy walk to the French Quarter. Or, you can take the trolley by the aquarium (a really easy walk) and ride to the end of the line, which lets you off at the French Market.Our room had two queen beds and a sofa sleeper in the living room, and all were comfortable. Our room faced the street, so it was a little noisy, but I imagine rooms in the back were quieter.The breakfast was really handy, although I have to wonder why they bunched up all the food on one table instead of making a longer buffet style breakfast. Or else they could've placed different types of food on various tables around the room, so guests could get what they wanted without having to stand in the massive line for waffles. There were several youth groups there, and it took quite awhile to get through the line. The food was good, though.The downside is the $24/day for valet parking, but since we only paid $98/night, we can't complain too much. We also used the washer and dryer, which were ancient and took forever.We would definitely stay here again -- it was a great experience.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>travelin_Aisha
<Content>Rooms vary greatly Chose this hotel after reading reviews on Trip Advisor. First room we were given had stains on the carpet, dirty bedding, and was poorly lit. We asked to transfer rooms. Our request was honored without a question. The next room was great with a wall of floor to ceiling windows, 12 foot ceilings, and was clean. Breakfast was good each day. Extremely short walk to French Quater. Paid about $60per night. EXCELLENT VALUE for the price.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	3	3	3	4	

<Author>kabira87
<Content>Good yes, but #1 in NOLA, no way! Location: Not too far off the Quarter but still have to cross Canal St to get there and a easy walk. Close to Harrahs Casino and a great hole in the wall restaurant, Mothers, that is a must eat, and right around the corner. Try Lil Dizzy's for lunch... you will like. Good and cheap. Of course, Commanders Palace is a must do if you've never been...pace yourself.Hotel/Service: Lobby very pleasant, free wi-fi and plenty of rest areas. Front Desk staff very cordial. Small bar but warm and welcoming bartender-Thanks Jimmy for the Swamp Water. Pool area is nice for relaxing but pool itself is small (9'x13'), shallow (4') and described as a relaxation pool (get in, get out). Valet's were courteous and helpful in loading/unloading the cars. Don't bother with the free continental breakfast--get yourself to Mothers! Lots of Historic vibe with quaint exposed beams, pipes, and old machinery. Great use of skylights throughout. Very small work out area.Room: #341. Horrible smoking smell even though the room was Non Smoking. We had a king size bed and you could touch the wall from either side so yes it was a small room. Two small pillows per bed...nothing heavenly here. Walls were scuffed at odd places and needed a new coat of paint. TV was a big honking 27 inch CRT type. Havent seen one of those in awhile. The AC worked great and kept the room as cold as we wanted. Bathroom small, functional but very basic...remember this is a Country Inn like you see off the interstates. The curtains could not 100% block out the LIGHT whether it was Sun or fluorescent and this was not contributing to a restful sleep. Lastly, there was a loud and pulsating noise that did not abate for the entire night...we could not figure it out.. were we next to some sort of factory? or located next to the elevator shaft or AC/HVAC system? Unbelievable droning. I kept apologizing to my wife for for bringing here on the basis of a #1 of 154 Hotels in New Orleans.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	4	3	5	4	5	

<Author>Tessita
<Content>Great base for exploring We stayed there from Saturday to Wednesday and were thoroughly satisfied with our choice. Rooms were clean and comfortable. Staff very friendly and helpful.Breakfast can get annoying when you have to compete with fellow travelers for microwaves.Location is great, short walk to the French Quarter, Convention Center, etc. Some of the cities most popular restaurants nearby such as Cuvee across the street, Bon Ton Cafe (try the Breadpudding) and Mother's.All in all this is a great value for a city trip or business.I would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	3	4	

<Author>kbq
<Content>Great Rooms We just returned from 4 Days in New Orleans. This hotel is fairly new with great rooms and a wonderful complimentry breakfast. Our only problem was with the Valet Parking - whichcharges $24.00 a day! On the second day we noticed my daughters ipod was missing from the car. When we confronted the valet manager he said their was nothing he could do about it.. We also spoke to the Hotel manager and they said they were not connected to the Valet Parking. It's a shame that you can't trust anyone anymore especially in city that is trying to rebuild its tourism. We definitely won't go back there again.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2008
<Rating>2	2	5	4	4	4	5	4	

<Author>Pushcart
<Content>Tremendous value near the French Quarter I just spent a long weekend at the Country Inn and Suites with some friends last weekend, and I was highly impressed. I admit I was a bit skeptical at first since I got a rate that was a steal considering some of the properties a short distance away and their overinflated room rates. The front desk staff was very polite and helpful at check-in, and they definitely made me and my friends feel welcome. I booked a room with a king bed for myself, and while it was a little small with a view of a parking lot (with a small SUV less than two feet from my window), the room itself was actually very comfortable.The free breakfast wasn't too bad, although it seemed to take forever to heat the little cheese omelettes and breakfast sausages that were available. Honestly though, if I'm in New Orleans, I'm looking for beignets for breakfast anyway.Check-out was just as easy as the check-in, and the front desk staff was more than happy to call for a cab to the airport. I think it's a safe bet that I'll be staying here on my next trip to New Orleans.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>chillinfool
<Content>Decent Hotel/Good Price Booked this hotel based on location, reviews, and price. Stayed 3 nights for a toal of $250. Room was nice, clean, and met expectations, which were basically a comfortable bed and clean bathroom. Front desk people weren't very helpful at all as far as providing directions, suggested things to see, etc., they would refer your to the trip desk who would of course try to sell you a package. However, the lobby bartender, I believe his name was John, was very friendly and helpful, recommending a couple of good places to eat after tours we already had scheduled.The breakfast buffet in the morning was average, but good for a quick bite before heading out.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	3	4	2	4	3	

<Author>lexjax
<Content>great location! we stayed at the end of May...good location and quiet, which is important to us.I thought the cappucino out of the coffee machine was fine!the staff was helpful and friendly...we spent most of our time out in the city, so the hotel had all we needed to be comfortable.we would definitely stay there again!  
<Date>Jun 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>denedayle
<Content>Loved it again!!!!! Stayed here last June and had a great time and left a great review. We returned again this year as my daughter graduated and as her gift I took her to a concert at House of Blues. This hotel in the past year has not changed. It is still wonderful, everyone was very nice and loved the breakfast. Will stay here again if we decide to come back in July. I do agree with a past poster though that they need to go back to the old coffee machine. The coffee from the new machine was horrible. Oh well, I went to my room and made it in the pot they have in the room.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Barrysentials
<Content>Very nice hotel, terrific location We stayed at this hotel for five nights in mid May and enjoyed this hotel. As many of the reviews state, this hotel is an excellent choice for New Orleans. The staff was very friendly, helpful and eager to please. Upon check-in, they upgraded us to a suite for free without me even asking for it. Our room was on the second floor, above the library. We had a plumbing problem one night and alerted the front desk, went out to dinner, and when we got back everything had been handled. The room accommodations were nice, but the furniture showed a few signs of wear. Because of our itinerary, we had to leave the hotel by 6:15 each morning and got back at 6 pm, so we didn鈥檛 have time to explore the hotel much, see the pool, use the health club, sit at the bar, etc. Rather than pay for parking, we parked on the streets all the nights without a problem, though I think we had really good parking mojo. The location for exploring the French Quarter is superb 鈥?just two blocks away from the West edge. We walked to restaurants and clubs each night and yet it was just far enough away to be very quiet. Prices at the hotel on the weekend jumped about double, but for less than $100 during the week this was a terrific value.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>Christian75
<Content>Very god choice We had a very good experience with this hotel and their staff. The only problem we had was the flushing system of the toilet in our room number 431. It didn't get fixed entirely, so the heavy load got flushed away once but the next flush filled the bowl and it took a while to drain off. After reporting it to the front desk, they took care immediately. It's quite busy during breakfast time, but not a real problem. The food is good, our room was clean and quiet. The hotel itself is in a very good shape. It's not just the lobby that looks nice, also the rooms are in good shape and decent size. There was s no fridge or microwave or coffeemaker in our room, but in NO you tend to need a place to sleep only. The hotel is in walking distance to the French Quarter, the Street Car Stops on Canal and also St. Charles Street and a couple of restaurants. It's not too close to noisy Bourbon Street but also in walking distance. What's nice after a few cocktails. This area appears to be safe to walk even at night. We did it every night and there was not a single issue.  
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	3	4	3	

<Author>nancyd93
<Content>loved it!!! Well first let me tell you that we were orginally booked for the the St. Christopher hotel which a Best Western and it was about a block from this one and we walked by and were glad we booked here. We have stayed at Country Inns before and this was just as good. The staff was fabulous and more than willing to give us assistance and suggestions. I arrived off a very early morning flight and they were able to accomodate me with a room at Noon on a saturday. It was extremely clean and well kept. I loved the exposed beams and the brick walls that were also exposed. We were in room 332 which is on the back side no view except another building but not what I was worried about. The breakfast was FABULOUS!!!! The pool area really an oasis. Couldnt have asked for better in the $100 range of hotels. Glad we swithched from our other choice just before our trip. Oh and the AC works like a champ since it was hotter than the face of the sun when we were there!! Just kidding well maybe not!  
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>SkyeLights
<Content>Wonderful hotel Clean, beautifully decorated hotel with a friendly, helpful staff and comfortable room. Perfect location and even better than we'd hoped for at an extremely reasonable price.  
<Date>May 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sberhard
<Content>Nice place to stay, only one issue, but it's a biggie... I'll just reconfirm everything the other reviewers have said; nice place! Recently remodeled and well done, several buildings that have been combined into a large hotel. I stayed in room 449, if you don't like long walks from the front door to your room, avoid the rooms in this side of the hotel, it's quite a hike!My big beef, the coffee. They have an espresso/ coffee/ latte machine that looks impressive, but the coffee quality is not good. After the first day, we took breakfast elsewhere (there is a Starbucks in The Sheraton a few blocks away). C'mon guys, with everything else so nice, let's bring the coffee quality up!  
<Date>May 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>PurpleRunner
<Content>Overall a great place and great value We agree with everything that the reviewer from May 10th wrote about the hotel. Staff was very accomodating, breakfast was a plus, workout room was plenty for what I needed and the location was wonderful. We loved being 2 blocks from the french quarter so that we weren't too in the action and we were closer to the convention center (the reason for the trip). The room we stayed in was on the back side of the building and had a nice little sitting area where I would read. The down side was that our room had a door right beside us and it seemed like the walls were paper thin. Every time the next door neighbor would go in and out it sounded like they were coming in and out of our door and we could hear their conversations. Also, there is an alley on the back side of the building and every morning around 4am a dump truck of some sort would empty trash for about 15 min. That was annoying but we didn't know if you could really escape that unless you were on another side of the building and we didn't feel like gathering our stuff and moving to another room.Overall, the place was great with the front desk even calling a cafe for us to see if they accepted credit cards. Another great perk is the computer in the front lobby with a printer. We were able to check in to our return flight and print our boarding passes!  
<Date>May 21, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	5	4	5	

<Author>TomSarasota
<Content>Great stay!! We stayed here for 3 nights in May and so happy we did. Great location and friendly staff. Our room and the common areas were very clean and refreshing. The front desk staff were always very pleasant and willing to help with questions. John, the bar tender, was also very friendly and gave us tips on dining and things to do. We travel quite a bit and are somewhat picky about clean and quiet rooms. This one was great. Would stay here again the next time in town.  
<Date>May 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Hotmama499
<Content>Jazz Fest We attended the first weekend of Jazz Fest 2008 and stayed at the Country Inn and Suites based on the outstanding reviews. The hotel is very much like the pictures posted. We found that the loctaion was incredible as was the staff-they bent over backward to accomodate requests. For example, our first room was very small and located over some sort of generator or air conditioning unit. My husband likened it to sleeping in a two prop plane. He called the front desk at 6:00 am and we were moved later that day to a great room overlooking the street. The breakfast that they offered in the morning was good for a hotel continental breakfast and would be a money saver to people on a tight budget. They had two a waffle irons, eggs, sausage, pastries, cereal, etc. It's a short walk to the Quarter-which we found convinient. The location is awesome in relation to several restaurants in the CBD(we came to New Orleans to eat!). Cuvee is across the street, Bon Ton on the same block, with Emeril's, Cochon and August an easy walk away. Another review said that the pool was a glorified hot tub and it was, but we didn't care as there were too many other things to do. Overall the hotel is a good value in a great location. It is very, very clean, safe and quiet.  
<Date>May 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>frg1995
<Content>Great way to start a cruise We arrived early in the afternoon and was unable to get the room suite we had booked but they were quick to find a king room available. Rooms are small but the atmosphere of the lodging is unique. The lobby shows like online with courtyard setting. I thought the swimming pool was extremely tiny and not inviting but we was not intending to use anyway but for those who were it is not something you could do laps. We did get a cup of coffee from the breakfast area and sit out by the pool and read. The fitness center can be gotten to by outside by the pool. Breakfast was typical waffles, yogurt, cereal, etc. Area was clean and continued to be replenished. Did request a wake up call and they were late by 20 minutes but I had already woke. But might stress that when calling down if it would be a problem with you or not. Location was further for walking than I thought but there again that was not a problem for us, enjoyed and the music festival was ongoing at the time. I was aware of parking charge but the taxes applied on to the charge brings daily parking close to $30.00. Staff was friendly when encountered. Was close to cruise termnal and walking to French Quarter, Riverwalk and terminal is available for those who can walk distant.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>harleybonz
<Content>Good location,O.K. Hotel This hotel is very close to the French Quarter and Harrahs but I don't really think it's all that.The price is right ,and I only know a few hotels that are nicer for that price.But during the summer months some very nice hotels run the hot summer nights specials, for around $100.All these people writing these great reviews ,I don't think tried the number 2 and 3 hotels on the tripadvisor list.They are nicer..in my opion.Don't get me wrong this hotel is o.k.,and it's a pretty good location.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>Haiku575
<Content>I can't wait to return! The reviews on TripAdvisor are right on the money - the Country Inn is a lovely, charming, perfectly-located gem. My friend and I felt like we got an excellent deal. The high ceilings, great bedding, modern amenities, cute courtyard pool, and friendly staff make you feel like you're in a luxe, boutique hotel. A note about the friendly staff: the airline lost my luggage and the staff sent up toiletries to make my stay more comfortable. It was a really nice touch.A big thanks to all the TripAdvisor reviewers out there who gave the thumbs up to Country Inn. I don't think we would have found this place without you. Now I know where I'm staying the next time I'm in NOLA.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>FogElf
<Content>Fantastic Value For Money and Great Location To Boot! What can I say - I think this place is amazing! In my opinion, New Orleans is an absolute must-see, and this hotel is the place to stay while you're seeing it. It really is just a five minute (safe!) walk to all the action in the French Quarter, which means it's also just far away enough to get a good night's sleep (don't know how anyone gets any sleep in those hotels on Bourbon Street!). I've stayed in loads of big chain-type hotels, and this one beats them all. 1) This hotel is FANTASTIC value for money (it cost us about 40GPB for a double room per night - not each, but for the room!)2) Breakfast is included!3) The outdoor pool is small, but was never busy when we were there (had it to ourselves most of the time we used it) and is heated! Great for a dip after sightseeing to refresh you before your night out!4) Our room was not like the bog-standard rooms that adorn most chain-type hotels - it had character, with exposed brickwork and unique furnishings. The bed was the most comfortable I had stayed in for a long time!5) The fitness room was good.6) Free cookies - nice touch!Overall, an excellent place to stay!  
<Date>Apr 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	4	5	

<Author>ozcookie1
<Content>Christmas in New Orleans       The bedroom  
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>sheoli
<Content>Big, clean rooms, lovely foyer and breakfast 'courtyard' Loved the big, clean rooms (ditto the bathroom) and charming paved courtyardy five storey high foyer and breakfast spaces with glass ceiling. Great service, a little 'library' to borrow books, lovely lounge with sofas and fireplace...and a copy of the New Orleans Zagat in each room.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>princessebird
<Content>Lovely This hotel was quite lovely. I was in town for a conference and opted for the Country Inn and Suites based on its location to the convention center and to the French Quarter, and it turned out to be an easy walk to both. The room itself was much larger than I anticipated with high ceilings and huge windows. The bathroom was also much larger than the typical hotel bathroom. The front desk folks were always wishing me well on my way out the door and on the way back in. The high-speed internet was free and fast and the breakfast was okay (waffles, yogurt, pastries, toast, etc) but free. One word of warning: I stayed on the 4th floor at the back of the hotel, and while it was lovely 23.5 hours of the day, the trash was picked up both mornings at 4:30am. It was loud enough to wake me up on the 4th floor, so I am certain it was VERY loud on the 2nd or 3rd floor. (Why couldn't they do that at 8am or 10am!) It would not prevent me from coming back, though I would specifically ask not to be put in that location.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>TomReynolds
<Content>a little lagniappe for everyone We are a couple of innkeepers from Bar Harbor, Maine and generally we prefer to stay in small, independently operated hotels or BB's but this hotel seemed charming, had a good location and was well-priced. We were very impressed with the cleanliness of the rooms and the cleaning staff in general (as all the staff at the hotel) were very friendly when we saw them in the hallways. The location of this hotel is ideal. It is two blocks into the Central Business District from the French Quarter which translates to walking distance from where you probably want to go in New Orleans, but far enough from the drunk frat boys on Bourbon Street to be quiet.Breakfast was sufficient, though repetitive for a long stay, however in a city like New Orleans it's a shame to not go out and eat at the wide variety of restaurants. We ate three breakfasts at the hotel and 4 out in town. The self-serve waffles are a nice touch and pretty popular and it's kinda fun to run the waffle iron.Service was attentive, but not in your face. Just what we like! If you needed something, the staff was prompt to get it. One manager even took a brief walk around the block to remind herself of the name of a salon for me -- very nice!The room was very clean and had high ceilings which made it feel more spacious than it was. The bed was comfortable. We wished there had been a window to open and we made a note to ourselves to look for a place with a balcony next time, but only if we are traveling in the spring or fall. In the summer, the climate-control would be very nice indeed! This wasn't a major issue at all and hardly impacted our stay as we were really only in our room to sleep or for a brief bit of work between being out in New Orleans.The building is a collection of 7 historic buildings and the architects did a nice job of highlighting historical architectural details. it gives this small chain hotel a lot of charm which we appreciated deeply.All in all, we were very pleased with this hotel!  
<Date>Apr 4, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Trinisis803
<Content>Value for Money Stayed at Country Inn and Suites from March 17 to 21. Great location within adequte walking distance of the French Quarter including the famed Bourbon St. Check-in was easy. Hotel is situated in a safe area of the city. Room was cleaned and towels changed daily. Hotel is pretty new with a sort of a rustic look. Pool area is relaxing but pool is small. The free breakfast is okay. Good value for your money.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	3	4	

<Author>D from MO
<Content>A great value right next to the French Quarter I needed an alternate hotel near the Sheraton on Canal, where I was attending a conference. I found the Country Inn  Suites on Magazine Street to be reasonably priced, clean and convenient in location to my conference and to the French Quarter. The rooms are small, but the building is architecturally interesting as a combination of three older buildings that were remodeled into a hotel. The free breakfast buffet has a good selection as well. Overall, a good buy!  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	5	

<Author>Sarahste
<Content>Delightful Stay at the Country Inn and Suites! The reviews were correct -- the Country Inn and Suites in New Orleans is a delightful gem; a great room in a lovely little hotel that is priced reasonably and located well.We spent three nights in February at this hotel for a combination business/pleasure trip, just before our four-night stay at the Royal Sonesta in the French Quarter.Although this hotel is not luxurious, it is comfortable and interesting. I loved the architecture--the exposed beams and atrium--and even found the small courtyard and (very) small pool charming. (Hey, my kids enjoyed the pool and that is good enough for me!)The front desk staff was friendly and helpful, and we had no trouble using valet parking for our rental car. As for the location, well, don't be fooled that this place is actually *in* the French Quarter, because it is not. It is technically in the CBD (Central Business District). However, it is conveniently located *near* the Quarter. I lived in New Orleans for 10 years, and I knew just where this hotel was located. It was a great location for us--walking distance to the Convention Center and Children's Museum, as well as the Aquarium.The breakfast was fine for what it was. My kids are always happy to get a warm waffle and I'm happy if I can get them a piece of fruit. We liked our room, the Internet worked, and we were comfortable. And of course, the price was right, which always make the stay more enjoyable! : )I will stay here again ... absolutely!  
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	5	

<Author>teachum2read
<Content>Gem of accommodation My company recently sent me to New Orleans for a convention. I found that my accommodations were favorable to most of the others, which cost more than mine. I stayed at the Country Inn and Suites on Magazine St. in New Orleans. It is centrally located between the tourist fun of the French Quarter and the work location of the Convention Center. From this location, I could walk to either place in about 10-12 minutes. I found this preferable over staying at the pricey French Quarter hotels which would have meant double the walk time to the Convention Center for the work part of my trip. Also, they provide a lovely continental breakfast which many of the other hotels did not - My friends asked every morning why I arrived with a bagel and coffee, and their hotel had nothing. Also, the staff was very friendly and helpful, especially the great bartender John who recommended great restaurants with moderate prices to us. Also, there's a constant supply of fresh baked cookies in the lobby! The decor does not have the glitz of several close by hotels, however it is quaint, rustic decor that fits perfectly in New Orleans.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>mortravel
<Content>Everything you could ask for I recently spent time in New Orleans and during my stay, was booked at 3 different hotels (2 mega-hotels for conferences and the Country Inn  Suites on my own). Of the three places I stayed, the Country Inn  Suites came off the best.A short walk from the French Quarter-close enough to be handy but far enough away to be blissfully quiet, even in a streetside room. I arrived early (just after noon) and the very accomodating staff put me in a room right away. And not just any room, an upgrade with a view of the 1880's vintage Exchange Building with its outside courtyard and fountain. The room overlooked Magazine Street but noise was not a problem for this person who does NOT reside in a city and is therefore not used to traffic noise.The room was large, with high ceilings and huge windows that let in lots of light, but the blackout curtains blocked any light at night, for a peaceful sleep. The staff gives you a map to find your room, as the building is a bit convoluted, since it is several old warehouses strung together. The TV had more cable channels that I had at either of the mega-hotels I stayed at, and the cleanliness was evident everywhere. Breakfast buffet is above average for this type property and 100% more than I got at the mega-hotels, where there is a fee for everything. No fee for in room wifi here, that worked just fine.It's less than 2 blocks to Canal Street and the edge of the French Quarter and the neighborhood felt very safe, even after dark. It's a couple of blocks from Harrah's-if you like that sort of thing, and about 4 blocks to the River. There is a small pool and lovely outside courtyard, which I didn't get to use due to the chilly weather. I'm sure it's very nice during the warmer months. Its a very interesting, convenient, clean and quiet place to stay and if they don't change, I would be happy to stay here again if I get the opportunity to return to New Orleans.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>suzannsm
<Content>Just as described We booked this hotel for a one-night pre-cruise stay for about $150. It is charming with exposed bricks and beams. The service was good and the breakfast adequate. The bar, pool, and courtyard are nice but tiny. We walked comfortably (with children) to the waterfront and Bourbon street. There is alot of construction on other properties on the street and it will probably be a very nice street in a few more months.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Ted Fry
<Content>A Gem! It's vanishingly rare nowadays to find a place that is reasonably priced, instantly comfortable, close to everything a tourist would want to see, and keeps every promise. The Country Inn  Suites New Orleans excels on each of these points. Travelers of all types -- singles, families, seniors -- will appreciate the responsive, helpful staff; the comfort and quietude of the large rooms; the imaginative renovations which incorporate every modern convenience into a series of 19th-century warehouses, and the unbeatable location just outside the French Quarter (wise travelers seldom stay IN the Quarter: lodgings there are virtually always overpriced, undersized, and too close to the noise). Outstanding breakfast room, too, whose chicory coffee alone is worth the stay.My only tiny quibbles were the occasional slowness of the elevators and the somewhat dim bathroom lighting. Otherwise, one cannot go wrong here. A serious suggestion: every visitor should take the disaster tour. While the Quarter and downtown have been almost completely restored, much of the rest of the city still lays in abject ruin. Every American needs to see this -- and to ask himself what would happen if his hometown was similarly unfortunate.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>pumpkinOH
<Content>terrible customer service The hotel itself was nice, and the location was good, but the service was terrible. The breakfast buffet was horrible and with the exception of one member, the staff was not friendly.The worst part of the whole experience was the valet parking. Since it was a busy time, a letter was left to ask you to call down for your car about 30 mins beforehand, which I did. However, after an hour of waiting (and watching cars clog up the whole street and never moving), i finally asked about my car. Over the course of the next 45-60 minutes i was told: your car is on the way, your car is at a different lot, your car is stuck in traffic, and what kind of car did you have. All this while people who have called down after are getting their cars.After all of this, I received a letter in the mail postmarked 2-25-08 for a $40 fine for a traffic citation from 1-7-08. I was supposed to respond in by the hearing date of 1-22-08 to contest it, but of course i couldn't since i didn't know about it. So now I owe $80 w/ the late fee. The valet must have just removed the ticket, threw it away, and never told anyone. I have written to the New Orleans violation bureau, so we'll see if anything is done.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Capitol_Explorer
<Content>Wonderful Stay I took a family trip to New Orleans and stayed at the Country Inn and Suites. All things considered, this hotel can not be beat.The price is very reasonable, it is amazing to me how inexpensive this place is compared to how nice it is. It is architecturally interesting -- the hotel is made up of 5 renovated buildings and features very tall ceilings, exposed bricks and beams. The rooms are very large (we opted for an upgrade to a suite for $20 more a night). The beds were very comfortable and everything was very clean. It was clear that the employees care about their hotel.At the hotel desk, they keep a constant supply of freshly baked cookies and they are wonderful. The continental breakfast in the morning is certainly above average and features freshly made waffles. The hotel also has a small shop where you can purchase convience items at normal prices (e.g. a package of tylenol for 75 cents and a water for $1). This is a nice convenience to have. The bar was small, but more than adequate. It also featured good happy hour specials. Same could be said for the pool, small but nice and more than adequate.The hotel is located about a 5-10 minute walk to all of the areas of the French District you would want, including Bourbon St, Cafe DuMonde, the Central Grocery, the river front. It is also around the corner from Mother's Restaurant (which is a must). In the opposite direction is Emmeril's resaurant NOLA.The area in and around the hotel is very safe and I never once questioned my safety. Actually, I was very pleasantly surprised how nice everything was in and around the hotel. Certainly very few traces of Hurricane Katrina here. (However, I do suggest a Katrina tour to see how much other parts of the city still need significant amounts of recovery).Anyone thinking of heading down to New Orleans should definitely go. In many of the main areas a tourist would want to go, the only thing missing were the tourists. Help the city out with its recovery and take the trip!  
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>GoldfishNY
<Content>Home away from home... I am still at the hotel, leaving in the morning. I have had to study for graduate school papers, so the wireless internet has been a saving grace. The hotel is clean, charming, our room has gorgeous high ceilings, there is full service cable, HBO, etc. We have not had one problem. Mothers Restaurant is around the block (amazing bread pudding and Lousiana staples there). French Quarter 10 minute walk. I wish we could stay here longer, but just here on business.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>LilyOhio
<Content>Reviews are correct We stayed only 1 night after a cruise with Carnival. The hotel is great. It is very clean and yet has the rustic appeal of the oldbusiness it used to be. Many of the buildings in the French Quarter are very run down do to their age. But this hotel wascompletely renovated in 2004 and remains well maintained.We had a room facing Magazine street which had 18ft ceilings and windows to match - beautiful. We were very close tothe French Quarter but in quiet area. We also felt very safe.We ate at Cafe du Monde, Johnny Poboys, and Mothers.All very good - only don't expect to be waited on . These areold time diners which have become famous for their food.Cleanliness is not a priority in this area - so go with thatin mind. Very glad we experienced New Orleans.New Orleans is a must for every American.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>buckeyenation
<Content>Great Choice! The reviews are correct. Its in a great location...about 10 minute walk to the French Quarter, the Aquarium, Harrahs, and about 20 minute walk to the Superdome. We stayed in a suite which was very clean and very big. We loved the 2 story ceilings in the master bedroom and living room. Our room faced Magazine st and wasnt noisy at all. The courtyard and pool are very small but its a nice quaint little area. The fitness room was also adequate as my wife and I did cardio each day. The breakfast is good and we even had scrambled eggs offered every morning along with the yummy waffles you can make. The staff was EXTREMELY helpful and friendly. Be sure to talk with the bartender at the hotel bar..His name is John and he'll tell you everything you need to know bout NOLA. Tell him Brian and Stephanie from Ohio say Hi !Mothers is right around the corner and Bon Tons is right next door..both delicious. Also went to Nolas and Mr Bs Bistro...EXCELLENT! Dont forget to go to Frenchman St (take a taxi) and enjoy the JAZZ. The locals we met were very nice and greatful we're there to help New Orleans economy. IMPORTANT! we kept hearing how the city was so crime ridden and dangerous. NEVER did my wife and I ever feel in danger. There were lots of police in the area (as there is in any large city) and whereever we walked we felt safe! Just dont go walking down the proverbial dark alleyWe are so glad we went down to watch the National Championship game. We never would have experienced NOLA otherwise and we will DEFINITELY go back and stay at the Country Inn and Suites  
<Date>Feb 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>tracker400
<Content>Solid, Quality Hotel I stayed here based on reviews from this website. I was there for Mardi Gras. Reviewing any hotel during Carnival season in New Orleans is difficult because the city if so crowded and the hotel is so crowded. Each morning the breakfast room was filled with hung over people in sweats and ball caps. With that being said, I would recommend this hotel. The location is close enough to the French Quarter. The service at the hotel, what little I had, was excellent and the room was very clean. There was nothing fancy about this hotel and the work out room only had cardio equipment. I was able to check in early and did not have a complaint. The tub drained slowly and it was fixed within 30 minutes. You won't go wrong with this hotel.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	5	5	5	

<Author>leenabeena
<Content>Afordable and Clean I was in town for the BCS Championship and room prices were insane. I stayed here for about $200 a night. Its much cheaper when there is no event. Its a nice hotel. has a small pool and a gym. Also offers free continental breakfast. I would recommend staying here during event when other rooms are way too expensive or unavailable. Personally I prefer a hotel with room service and pay-per-view which this hotel doesnt have. But the rooms are nice (a little small) and clean. I had a nice stay.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>reed13ja
<Content>Perfect Location, Great Value, LOVED IT! My husband and I stayed in this hotel for two nights before a cruise, which also happened to be the weekend before the BCS Championship game. Due to the high demand, hotel prices were doubled, but I still thought this hotel was a bargain. This hotel was perfect! Location: The hotel was on a quiet stretch of Magazine street, one block in from Canal. We flew in and took a cab to the hotel (about 25 min from the airport). Over the course of our visit, we walked to the French Quarter, the Riverwalk, the WWII Museum, and the Harrah's casino. We even walked from the hotel to the cruise ship pier with our luggage (we had only small carry-ons). The front desk staff was super friendly and always willing to give you great walking directions with a free map. So if you are staying here, there is no reason to get a rental and pay to park it!Room: We had a King room. It was super clean and comfortable. We had a nice view of the courtyard, and the room was very quiet. We booked a package deal which included 2 tickets to the WWII Museum for only a few more dollars. This was a great add-on and I recommend setting aside at least 2 or 3 hours to experience the museum. Make sure to talk with the vets that are volunteering there - their stories were great!Amenities: The free breakfast was good. It had a waffle iron where you could make your own waffles, pastries, cereals, fresh fruits, juices and coffee. The building is spectacular - they built inside what used to be several different buildings (like an old warehouse and manufacturing facility) so it really has charm. This is not at all like staying at a chain hotel; it was architecturally interesting and more like a boutique hotel. The pool in the courtyard was small but nice, and the gym had new equipment. New Orleans is back! We loved our visit and can't wait to go back. Try the gator bites at Pat O'Brians. :)  
<Date>Jan 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>foodie01720
<Content>What a great get away trip! What a great trip - travelled with another couple. The hotel was fabulous. It took 30 minutes to get there by cab from the airport. The lobby was warm and welcoming. Check-in/Check out - speedy with no problems at all. Our room was lovely and comfortable and clean. Breakfast was your tradtional fare, make your own waffles, sausage and biscuits, cereal, ygurt, bagels, toast, etc. I thought it was very thoughtful that one of the employees brought toys and coloring pages to one of the families during breakfast. The pool is very small - but had it been warmer during our stay, we would have been in it everynight - outdoor and heated. The work out room is sufficient. The location of the hotel is the best two blocks from Canal Street one of the main drags that runs perpendicular to Bourbon Street. It was nice to stay in a hotel away from all the noise found off of Bourbon Street. But a nice walk as well.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>AlanandHarriet
<Content>charming We booked this hotel after reading the other reviews. Service was with a smile and was wonderful. Location is an easy walk to wherever you wish to go. Currently there is nothing to see or do around the hotel so it's very quiet. Others have written hotel descriptions with which we agree. This is not a large hotel but has plenty of rooms, good breakfast items and is very clean! Price is very reasonable at least this time of year, under $100 per night. Since I am claustrophopic, I was concerned about a comment someone else had, but I had no problem. Our King bed was in a space about 175 sq ft (small) and had a nice, large bathroom and closet on the otherside of a 3/4 wall. This is a charming place.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>onoman
<Content>Laissez les bons temps rouler--let the good times roll!! Had the good fortune to stay at the Country Inn and Suites. Located about three blocks outside of French Quarter. Practically next door, they are doing some construction work--some debris on street, but amazingly enough, did not find construction noise an issue--guess they start work late. There is not anything else on this block of Magazine street, other than another hotel across the street. Hotel looks new and they made good use of an older building. Lobby is well lit and extends to the sky lights in the ceiling, 5 floors up.Staff was very accommodating. Helped us find a a 24 hour pharmacy to get some prescription medication for one of my kids. New Orleans is still getting back on its feet and there are not many 24 hour pharmacies available. Had to take a taxi to this one at 6 AM. No problems calling for taxis at hotel--we did not rent a car. Happy to not have a car, most places can be reached by foot and the street cars on Canal street are only about a block away. Parking available at hotel for a fee. As we were there around time of Sugar Bowl and BCS bowl, traffic flow was restricted in the French Quarter.Suite room had two TV, wall safe, small frig, microwave and two queen beds and a full sized pull out sofa bed. Slept our family of 5 very comfortably. Internet is free, requires a cable in room, but wireless available in lobby. They also have a computer with printer available to print boarding passes--nice touch. Small pool and bar also available, but did not use either one.Breakfast was OK--hard boiled eggs, frozen patty sausage, pastries, bagels, toast, cereal and beverages. Sugar cookies all the time at front desk and a copy of USA today available in the morning. Fortunately, the rest of our meals were outside. We had coffee and beignets at Cafe du Monde, muffulotta sandwiches at Central Grocery and two very good dinners at Bayona and Isabelle's. Ate way too many praline candies. Still trying to work off the calories. Had a good time in New Orleans--wandered around the French Quarter, listened to jazz at Preservation Hall and shopped for gifts on Royal street. Took a tour with Tours by Isabelle--specialized in small tours--ours was 10 people and we went to see two plantations and the Cajun swamp country. This was a great tour with very good guides and I would highly recommend it to see what else there is outside of New Orleans.Saw areas still waiting to be rebuilt post Katrina. I would recommend this hotel if you do not want to be in the middle of the French Quarter and the craziness of Bourbon Street. Close enough to walk there, but far enough away to get some peace and quiet. Very family friendly and a great staff. Would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jan 13, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lschmidt
<Content>A Real Gem       View from window  
<Date>Jan 10, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Gary06
<Content>A Jewel in New Orleans I have written a few previous reviews that I call Jewels and this is another one. A jewel is a hotel others may pass by that turns out to be excellent in many different ways.....I especially try to avoid the large, unimaginative, and expensive chains and stay in the local hotels that have so much to offer. Yes, I know that this hotel is part of the Carlson group but when you're there it doesn't feel like it. The prior reviews posted here are what I relied on when making our reservation, and I wasn't disappointed. So please read these reviews and you too won't go wrong. Location, price, staff, facilities, cleanliness, it's all here, I wouldn't stay any where else. By the way when you're there try the Bon Ton Cafe next door, it's excellent.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>houstongv
<Content>Perfect Place to stay for Jazz Fest       Magazine St. outside hotel  
<Date>Dec 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>thompstone
<Content>I liked it. We stayed here the night before a cruise (Carnival Fantasy). I liked this place for it's ambiance more than anything. It's in an old building and the layout is interesting. Big old windows in the room.The place was clean and the staff was very nice. The bar was tiny, as was the swimming pool. I think I could've stretched from one end to the other (pool or bar). The breakfast buffet was good, waffles, cereal, etc. The hotel is fairly close to the cruise terminal, maybe 15 minutes walking if your luggage isn't too bulky, but longer if the Riverwalk is closed, as in the morning hours. A cab to the cruise terminal is $7/person. It's a 5 minute walk to the French Quarter, which offers much to keep you busy. The airport is about 20 minutes by cab barring a traffic jam. I had a good driver (15 minutes). I'd stay here again.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>yesmamjulie
<Content>Great option for an overnight stay but next time, will stay IN the Quarter This was my first trip to New Orleans since Katrina, and it was somewhat spontaneous as we were in Baton Rouge doing a college visit at LSU. We were quite pleased with the accomodations, service, and staff at the Country Inn  Suites. Cost was reasonable too. However, it really isn't in the French Quarter. It is a block or two west of Canal Street. But the Country Inn  Suites had much of the charm as any 'authentic' French Quarter inn, sans balconies. I'd still want to stay 'where the action is' if and when I return, but this was better than average by a long shot!  
<Date>Nov 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Siss
<Content>Great stay We just returned after a six night stay at the Country Inn and Suites and were very impressed!Even though it is a chain, they've done a great job with the feel of the hotel. It really didn't feel like a chain. The staff were all great - very accommodating and friendly. Our room, though small, was quite comfortable. The high ceilings gave a more spacious feel and I liked the counter space in the bathroom. The room was immaculate and the temperature was easy to control.John, at the small bar, was such a nice person and the front desk and housekeeping staff would always return our greetings and had smiles on their faces. The breakfast was quite good for the usual buffet - always kept clean and well stocked. Never had the same breakfast twice - good variety for a free meal. The cookies at the front desk became a little addictive, but I guess that's a good thing. The courtyard/pool area was very nice. Didn't use the pool, but a few afternoons I took my book to the courtyard and really enjoyed it - nice little rest for the feet. The only complaint we had was that the hallway was kept at a deep freeze temperature, so we would practically run down the hall to get into the room!Location for us was perfect. We always walk, walk, walk in NO and this was a good location for us since we explore different areas of the city.We really enjoyed everything at the hotel and the price was great. It's not an old NO hotel and it's not in the quarter (but close) but it was perfect for us!  
<Date>Nov 4, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>readyforavacation
<Content>Wonderful Stay Just got back from 6 nights in New Orleans. I can't say enough about this hotel, the city and the people. We had a wonderful time. This hotel was perfect for us. Breakfast was good, hotel staff friendly and helpful, rooms very clean. We upgraded to a suite which was perfect for a longer stay. The pool area was nice but we really didn't get a chance to use it. The people of New Orleans are some of the most friendly I've ever experienced. They welcomed us with open arms and were very grateful to tourists coming down and helping to rebuild their economy. The French Quarter and the Garden district are totally back up and running and spirits were high. I highly recommend this hotel and would encourage everyone to make the trip to NOLA.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>iowaamy
<Content>Great option to be near the action, but not IN it! This hotel is a great choice for visitors to NOLA that want to be within walking distance of the French Quarter but would prefer better pricing, better parking and a little less of the party crowd.The hotel is clean and comfortable. We had a king suite (#413) which is across from the elevator, it does not have an exterior window. We were not bothered by noise, the bedroom is toward the back and has a door which we kept closed.The staff was outstanding and the breakfast room offered good choices and was clean and neat.A walk to Bourbon St. takes maybe 10 minutes. Valet parking available. Free cookies in the lobby. Stayed at the Hilton for the first part of our trip. For $229 a night:-- poor shower head-- no breakfast-- farther from French Quarter-- long waits for valet to get car-- no in-room safe-- no fridge or microwave-- smaller room-- about 15 channelsAll of the above were fixed when we moved three blocks and paid $50 less per night. This is a FANTASTIC choice for families and young couples looking to save a little money but still have a great vacation experience!  
<Date>Oct 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	3	-1	

<Author>BoNry
<Content>Great Hotel I was really pleased with this hotel. The staff were great, the hotel was very nice and clean and the rooms were serviced well. There was free internet in the rooms and breakfast was included and was a good breakfast. There was some noise from the pool late at night and my room's window was above the pool but when the staff were approached they were very polite and moved the people indoors (since it was 1am) straight away which was great.I was very happy with this hotel and would strongly recommend it - particularly for business trips (as it is next to the French quarter but not right in it) but for my business trip it was located perfectly.Excellent hotel.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>AllieKY
<Content>Worth the money We spent many hours searching for a good place and great rate for our one night in NO. I thought most rates were out of sight compared with other cities. This hotel was clean and at a great location. We wanted to go to Harrah's, Jackson Square, Riverwalk, Cafe Du Monde, and the French Quarter in general. We walked to all of those locations easily. The valet cost $23, but as we searched for hotels that is a comparable rate. We upgraded to a suite for just a few dollars more. We asked for a street side room, but none were available. Our room opened up to the inside which meant our BR was in the back with no window. Our room was quiet and dark. Both good things for sleeping well. I would stay here again and would recommend this to family and friends. Don't spend time seaching the net for a place to stay. This is the best deal in NO for the money!  
<Date>Oct 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>halifaxns
<Content>Great hotel Stayed at the Country Inn and Suites for 3 nights in late September. The hotel is exceptionally clean and well maintained. Staff was very friendly and helpful with directions and suggestions. It's conveniently located about a 5 minute walk from the corner of Bourbon and Canal which makes it very easy to get to where all of the fun is in the evenings, but also gives you a quiet place to sleep and rest. I'd stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mjacostausmc
<Content>Wonderful stay Stayed there over the labor day weekend with family. It is tucked into the historic district in New Orleans, walking distance from all the French Quarter/Canal St stuff. Have to valet the car, but pretty standard in that area. $25 a night, ensure you know that when you book. Great staff and nice facilities. Beautiful on the inside for sure. The open air rafters look nice, but lets sounds travel up into your room. Not too cool with 430am drunks in New Orleans. Nice place overall though.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>RandBrad
<Content>Couldn't have been happier about the Country Inn  Got a great combined rate on airfare and this hotel from Orbitz. I was a bit leary about this chain's name (sounds so highway interchange), but the TripAdvisor reviews were so good. And they were right! The architecture of the place is very interesting and inviting. My room was spotless, and the entire hotel is maintained impeccably. The staff are all very friendly and helpful. I enjoyed the fitness room (just 2 treadmills, and eliptical machine, bike and situp machine) and the pool/courtyard (small but lovely). The breakfast was more than adequate, and if you need something more than that, there is plenty in the neighborhood. Lots of other great restaurants within walking distance as well. I don't walk alone in New Orleans at night, but anytime I had the desk call a cab it was there in minutes. You can't go wrong with this place.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>crew928
<Content>Very happy with our stay at Country Inn and Suites! We spent 6 nights at the Country Inn and Suites in New Orleans.Everything was great!The staff was VERY friendly and helpful - every one of them had a smile on their face. Makes a guest feel welcome.Our room was nice. We had a suite that was on the fourth floor in the front of the building. We had huge windows in our bedroom that looked out onto the city. Beautiful at night. There was a seperate area with a couch, desk and t.v.The hotel was very clean. No complaints at all.We had looked at a lot of hotels ane finally decided on this one.We wanted something that wasn't too fancy, close to the French Quarter, and clean.I was a little worried about the location of the hotel to the French Quarter but is only a couple of blocks away. We felt very safe walking back to the hotel after a late dinner. Great location.As mentioned before, the pool is really small.We didn't use it at all so wasn't a problem for us.Breakfast was o.k. - waffles, fruit, yogurt, cereal, bagels, ...My only wish was that the coffee was stronger!When we visit New Orleans again we will definitely stay here.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Jeanie
<Content>We loved the Country Inn and Suites!! This weekend in New Orleans was an anniversary gift for my husband, and I found a nice rate on the Country Inn through Quikbook. The location is fantastic, close to the French Quarter and Harrah's! Yes, the pool is small, but beautiful and the setting in the courtyard is peaceful. With so much fantastic dining surrounding you, there really is no need for a restaurant in the hotel. We parked at a lot down the block for $30 for the whole weekend (2 nights) which we considered a great price. The area is very safe, well-lit and convenient for walking to all attractions and the nightlife. I highly recommend the Country Inn by Carlson for anyone planning to visit New Orleans.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>hoopjnky
<Content>Great Value - CLEAN! Great location, great price, good service, CLEAN rooms - none of the mustiness and dirt you find in so many of the 2 and 3 star hotels in New Orleans.Carved from old manufacturing and storage areas that sit two blocks from Canal Street, the hotel has a historic feeling without sacrificing modern amenities.Good breakfast, good internet connection, just a few blocks from the Quarters and downtown, on the MAgazine bus route - can't beat it.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>louisianagang
<Content>Great Accomodations, Service  Booked this room for a 21st Birthday Gift, and he was upgraded to a suite. I Reserved 2 nights on a Friday  Saturday and got a Great price ($61.00 a night), location (2 blocks from Harrah's), and wonderful staff. Surely would stay here again.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ShoStopper
<Content>Totally Surprised My hotel reservations were made the day I would leave to travel. I didn't expect to arrive to such a great location and a very nice atmosphere. There were three guest to the 2 queen bedroom, however, the living room has a sofa bed and the bedroom was seperated from the living room. Both the living room and bedroom had their own televisions, so everyone had their privacy. Great location to stay, park, walk, and never drive your entire stay. Great rooms for a wonderful price and we never had to call the front desk for any problems. When we left for the day our return was back to a clean room and there were absolutely no complaints. On the way to the hotel, I called for directions and the front desk attendant was very happy to assist me. There is only one small complaint, the window for viewing the outdoors in the bedroom is very small so the guest that sleeps in the living room will never know what time of the day it maybe which I would think is okay if you partied really hard on Bourbon the night before! I would be happy to stay there again.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>WashingtonDCDiva
<Content>Very impressed with Country Inn  Our church brought more than 100 volunteers to New Orleans in June, 2007 and took a large block of rooms at CIS, including their large meeting room. The staff and management were unfailingly friendly and helpful -- from the valets, to the front desk to the management. They even opened the breakfast room early to accomodate our schedule. Everything was very clean and seemed new. There is a bit of room for improvement in the timing of the room cleaning, which was sometimes rather late in the day. Yes, the pool is small, but our pre-teens enjoyed it none-the-less. We also appreciated the self-service washer and dryer ($1.25/load each) and free WiFi. The location felt safe and was convenient to the French Quarter and several good CBD restaurants (Mother's, Bon Ton, Cuvee all within a couple of blocks). Country Inn  Suites far exceeded my expectations for a hotel at this price point.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Texasbart
<Content>Great, but still a Country Inn and Suites My wife and I recently spent 3 nights here while I was at a convention. It is a wonderful budget option that allowed us to spend more on meals - a trade off that I would make again!Positives:(1) Location.  - Very good restaurants close by - really liked Bon Ton. - easy walk to Harrahs and shopping - about 15 min walk to convention center(2) Lobby - very cool interior, felt expensive - pool is more of a hot tub size, but outside area was nice, with a lobby bar close by - cookies were a nice touch(3) Service was great(4) Relatively new (5) Price - can't be beat in New Orleans and still feel safe(6) Free internetNegatives(1) It is still a Country Inn and Suites, so towels are thin, bedding is OK, breakfast is norm for these places and coffee was terrible.(2) Regular rooms are small(3) Air conditioning blew on the bed - very cold  
<Date>Jun 17, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>JWestShuh
<Content>Beautiful hotel and great location My husband and I recently stayed at the Country Inn and Suites for 2 nights in June. This was such a pleasant experience. This hotel is a converted warehouse and it makes for beautiful spaces. Exposed beams, floor to ceiling windows, all personal touches. We initially received a room with windows leading to the hallway, and asked to switch to a room with windows facing the outside. Our room was changed with no problem and the result was fantastic. 3 large floor to ceiling windows in a suite. Exposed brick really added to the ambiance of the room. The breakfast in the morning is a nice touch. The pool is a bit small, but the patio area where the pool is located is lush and a perfect place to relax with a good book. The valet service was fantastic. It never took over 10 minutes to receive our car. Locate was great as well. A 2 minute walk to Harrah's, 4 minutes to the riverwalk, 5 minutes or less to the French Quarter. I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone wanting a light, clean, comfortable hotel and a VERY affordable price. Have fun!  
<Date>Jun 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>better3rd
<Content>Great Bargain and good location There's nothing like getting a great deal at a great location when a city like New Orleans is hosting it's annual Jazzfest! My husband and I stayed here in late April. This was homebase for us as we did two days work with Habitat for Humanity and attended Jazzfest. The hotel is moderately priced [given most hotels increase prices during popular events] and located about a 10 minute walk to the French Quarter. The rooms are decently sized and what you expect from economy lodging. We had a suite and had a fridge in it. The staff is helpful [I wouldn't necessarily say they're friendly, perhaps it was due to the influx of people coming to stay for Jazzfest and may have been overworked a bit]. But the true treat of the hotel is that they serve fresh baked Otis Spunkmeyer cookies starting in the afternoon. I had heard about this from my husband as he had stayed here the year before and had fondly recounted the pleasurable treat. After a long day working with Habitat, you can look forward to a sweet reward when coming back to the hotel to recuperate [hopefully not everyone has eaten it all...but there are no guarantees!]. It may not be much of a reward, but I think customer service and those additional touches go a long way when deciding where to stay.Don't expect to lounge by a large pool. Their swimming pool is quite small [think large jacuzzi] and they do offer a fitness center that is about the same size right next to the pool. The location was ideal for us as it was not situated in the bustling and noisy French Quarter. But I'm sure if you decide to stay in the Quarter, it would be fun. Another great thing about Country Inn is that it was walking distance [about a 3 minute walk] to Mother's. A great little local joint that is known for their virginia ham po'boy. However, I did not order that when I went there..but wish I had. My favorite dish there was there jumbalaya. For a quick bite to eat that's nearby..this is the place to go to. The staff at the restaurant are kind and attentive.All in all, for the price we paid during our short stay in NOLA, this hotel is great economy lodging.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>planningzone
<Content>Perfect! Well almost perfect I am in New Orleans to help build houses of Habitat for Humanity and this hotel was on their list. I checked Trip Adviser and it got a very good review. I TOTALLY AGREE! This is a wonderful place! There are some negatives, but they were totally out of the hotels control. But you do need to be aware of them.The rooms are small and the general manager sends a letter (e-mail) to customers explaining that the hotel is a historic site, so every room is a bit different. My room, while very small had a 20 foot high ceiling with exposed beams (very cool).The hotel is VERY clean, including the rooms/ lobby/ etc.Breakfast is free. No fruit, but you can get yogurt, breads, cereal, or make a waffle. The Coffee was HORRIBLE! NOW THE BAD. If you are unlucky enough to get a room in the back of the hotel, it is on an alley. The trash (or somebody.... Delivery?) comes at around 5 AM!!!!! If you are coming from the west coast you will be TOTALLY IRRITATED waking up so early.Like I said, out of the hotel's control. I am sure many hotels in the city have the same problem.Last time in New Orleans I stayed at the French Quarter Courtyard By Marriott. This hotel is MUCH nicer, Cleaner, rooms are better..... Etc, Etc.I would stay here in a heartbeat!TIP: Great sandwich place one block down Poydras St. called mothers. There is always a line of locals!  
<Date>Jun 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Anitable
<Content>More than pleased ! My husband was scheduled to attend a conference at the New Orleans Marriott on Canal St. Since his employer decided not to pay the lodging expenses, we looked for a nearby hotel that was more affordable. How delighted we were to discover that Country Inn and Suites offered much better rates and more and better ammenities to serve our needs, and it was only a block from Canal S. ! . Not only was the suite larger and more comfortable than the rooms his collegues had at the Marriott, but the expanded continental breakfast saved us time and money every morning. The in-room refrigerator and microwave enabled us to keep our special dietary items and snacks. The hotel staff was friendly and helpful and seemed proud of their hotel. The smaller size of the hotel was more desireable than the tall high rise. Although the C.I. S had good elevators, we opted to use the stairs more often because it was not too much effort for just one floor or two floors. We did not use the small pool or the fitness facility which looked clean and well-maintained.  One of the best restaurants for Louisiana cooking, the historic Bon Ton Cafe, is just a half block from the hotel. A well-established Cuban restaurant with a good reputation is next door to the hotel. There are many fine restaurants and stores and malls within easy walking distance. The French Quarter, the Riverfront walk, the canal street ferry, the aquarium and the casino are all close enough to walk to.  We plan to stay at Country Inn and Suites the next time we visit New Orleans.  
<Date>May 19, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>thsammons
<Content>Perfect the location was just right. It was only a few blocks from Bourbon St. and there were tons of great restaurants close by. My fiance and I reserved a King and were upgraded to a Suite which was more than enough room. Service was about average, but the belgian waffle at breakfast and the cookies at night were delicious. We would definitely stay again.  
<Date>May 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	3	5	

<Author>alex030
<Content>Excellent choice; great value Booked a suite through their website for 5 nights during Jazzfest - very good rate given it was during Jazzfest (booked well in advance though). Overall experience was excellent. Two-three blocks from French Quarter - across Canal St. - so away from all the noise. Can't speak for regular rooms , but suite was perfect. Was initially concerned it would be noisy as entrance was off large atrium/lobby, but bedroom was at back of suite with its own door and was very quiet. Very clean, staff very helpful. Fast, free internet service. Overall ambience very nice - a quiet, cool refuge from the French Quarter. Would definitely stay again.(Incidentally, though we didn't have children with us, it also seemed family friendly).  
<Date>May 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>LuvVacation07
<Content>Great Hotel for our First Anniversary My husband and I visited New Orleans for our first anniversary. The hotel is very clean, bright and airy when you walk into the lobby. Fresh cookies in the lobby too! We found the staff to be very friendly and courteous. We paid for a standard room and they upgraded us to a one bedroom suite. However, this was an interior room with a window to the hallway. (there are skylights in the hall so it is not as dark as you would think). Unfortunately, this room felt a little bit like a cave to me so we asked if we could have just a regular room with a window. To our surprise they immediately switched us to one of the front rooms with floor to ceiling windows. The room was enormous and just lovely. We saw about everything you could possibly see and ate about everything one can eat. Don't leave without trying some gumbo. We found the best at Cafe Pontalba's ( I think this is the name), on the corner right next to the Louisiana Museum in Jackson Square. We were both pleasantly surprised by the tourist areas. We commented that if you don't take a drive outside of the French Quarter and downtown you wouldn't really know they experienced such devastation. The swamp tour with Cajun Encouters was great, be prepared though it did last about 5 hours. Overall the trip was great, the weather was fantastic and everyone we ran into was friendly and welcomed us. They definitely want people to come back!  
<Date>Apr 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	4	3	

<Author>iblaurajc
<Content>Loved this hotel This was a huge winner. Came with 2 teenage boys to do Katrina reconstruction work. Brand new hotel (2 years). Very charming. We got a one bedroom suite for $129, including breakfast. The suite had a large bedroom with two queen beds and a sitting room with pullout sofa. Big TVs in both rooms. Absolutely loved (and I am picky). Great value for the money.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>RedHeadGo
<Content>Tiny Standard Room The Country Inn and Suites is located on Magazine St. about two blocks or so from Canal St. (away from the French Quarter). It is an older property with very unique architecture including exposed beams and brick.Check-in/OtherPainless and easy. All requests that had been made prior were accommodated. Free cookies at all times was a hit! The lobby area was light and airy with wooden beams (and really the whole ceiling exposed). There were a few tables available for those who wanted to conduct business and plenty of chairs. There is one computer in the lobby that has a printer attached, but someone was always on it. It was bitterly cold in the lobby and interior of the hotel, they need to tone it down a bit. Courtyard was pretty, but there was a lot of algae/moss on the walls that just made it seem unclean. They should probably power wash it a bit. The valet is about $24/day, but we paid it on the company dime. If you are on your own, might want to find a garage.There is a small fitness center that had two treadmills, a bike and I think an elliptical, which lead out to the outdoor spa. There is also a small outdoor pool that appeared to be heated. Breakfast was in a room near the lobby, had mostly continental fare (muffins, Danish, cereal, juice), but also waffles. My colleagues said that coffee was the pits. RoomsHad a room facing the courtyard and was not real impressed, especially for the money we paid. However, you want to face the courtyard, as my colleagues were on the 1st floor street level and said it was noisy. The view was to a building that had not been restored and had a lot of kicked out windows, wooden panels over windows, etc. The very small room starts with a closet that had ample hangers and a clean iron and ironing board. The bathroom was normal sized with decent room for your toiletries. They only give you very basic shampoo, conditioner and soap, so you鈥檒l need to get the other items from downstairs or bring your own. Water pressure was not very firm. Bathroom was moderately clean.As you walk in the room the desk and chair are immediate with your wired internet access (which did not work until I called Tech Support and they manually logged me in, had to do this both nights, this happened to everyone in my party).The bed is about 2鈥?behind the desk and chair and was decently comfortable. However, they only had feather pillows. When I called to get foam, they brought me a pillow that said it was cotton, but was obviously feather. I called again and was told they had no foam pillows. For the money we paid, was pretty angry about that. Think I鈥檓 going to have to buy an inflatable鈥?The TV is on an odd spot to the right of the bed on top of the dresser. Had adequate channels but poor reception a lot of the time. The bed sat in front of a white exposed brick wall that really needed some work. I think I even saw a piece of gum on the wall. Was supposed to be historic looking, but just looked like it has been painted so many times it was not a pretty site. The pictures they hung on the wall were pretty and provided a good cover-up. Room noise was so-so. I did hear a TV blaring somewhere, wasn鈥檛 sure where it was coming from. I didn鈥檛 really hear a lot of walking around or anything like that and outside noise was nothing thanks to facing the courtyard.LocationAbout a 15 minute walk to the heart of the French Quarter. Was only a 5 or so minute walk to the Casino. There wasn鈥檛 a whole lot of food options in feet, there was a diner and a Cuban restaurant within a block and the Everything Shop, which did sell almost everything was about 2 blocks. OverallThis is a good hotel if you only have one person in your party. The room was just really small by my standards that I wouldn鈥檛 have been comfortable with anyone else in the room. If you plan on just using the room to sleep, you鈥檒l be fine. If you like to be able to relax in the room, I would suggest a suite style room or another hotel in general. Was just shocked that the Hampton Inn where I stayed last time, had rooms that were 2 to 3 times the size of this one. In reading other peoples reviews here, they all had suites. I had a regular room, that seems to be a big factor in why my stay wasn鈥檛 as pleasant as theirs. For the rate we paid ($250/night), I鈥檓 kind of upset they stuck us with regular rooms鈥?br/>  
<Date>Mar 29, 2007
<Rating>3	2	2	4	3	4	3	3	

<Author>rickanddeborah
<Content>Great Hotel and Location! We really loved this place. We got a great rate of $129 for a 1 bedroom suite and it was well spent. If you are going to be in NO more than a day or two, get this room. Very well layed out with a separate area with a sofabed, tv  microwave and fridge. Large bathroom and closet and a very good sized bedroom. Nicely decorated. Had 10-12 foot ceilings with floor to ceiling windows. Loved that! Everyone we came in contact with at the hotel was very helpful and nice. Lovely areas in the lobby for just hanging out and a computer with a printer for use in the main area that comes in very handy. Small but lovely pool area and workout room (who cares, you came to Louisiana to eat ,not workout!). Happy hour drinks in the lobby and bar area from 5-7. Breakfast is included.And the location is so perfect. Across the street is Cuvee restaurant. A few doors down is the Bon Ton Cafe. A couple of blocks over is August, Emeril's and best of all, Cochon!! The French Quarter is 2 blocks the other way. Great shopping and transport onto Magazine Street and the Garden district. If you are cabbing it, it is very central. Parking is $25 additional.In all, a terrific choice for NO. We had stayed previously at the Monaco in one of the suites and really enjoyed it but for less than 1/3 to 1/2 the price this was just as good. Go to New Orleans and all of Louisiana! Everyone we came in contact with was so happy that people were coming back and so appreciative of it. What remains to be done there is horrifying and an outrage that every citizen of this country should be aware of and angered by. Just not acceptable that our fellow citizens are still embroiled in this nightmare 19 months later...Go and love it and the people and eat yourselves sick! Don't miss Parkway Bakery and their po boys. Spread your money around. Roulez les bon temps...again...  
<Date>Mar 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Blye
<Content>A good choice when staying in the Big Easy       Country Inn and Suites  
<Date>Mar 17, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MikahDog
<Content>Perfect Mardi Gras Hotel! We stayed here Friday Feb16th- Monday Feb 19th during Mardi Gras 2007. The lobby is beautiful and the staff was very friendly during check-in. We attempted to check in at 9 am but our room was not yet available. However, they took our luggage and when we came back at noon our room was ready.The room was VERY large with a refridgerator and microwave. The location of the hotel was very convenient to everything we needed... we walked everywhere with the exception of once where we easily caught a cab.We only have 2 complaints against the hotel: (1) our room overlooked the lobby so it was loud in the mornings and (2) the valets had trouble finding our car. However, we've stayed in New Orleans hotels many many times since Katrina and most hotels have trouble finding good valets... its a pretty common problem. But we got our vehicle eventually and it was in perfect condition. For those possibly using this hotel for Mardi Gras: it was great! We've also stayed at the Marriott on Canal and the Marriott Courtyard during Mardi Gras and the Country Inn  Suites is our favorite. They do not issue wristbands but instead have a security officer manning the door (making sure you have a key) during nighttime hours. Also, they provide a continental breakfast which is very convenient.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	3	-1	

<Author>IdahoKaren
<Content>Fun, comfy and clean Stayed here pre cruise and loved it. So much character and ambiance! The staff was wondeful- helpful and smiling all the way. Morning breakfast had a little for everyone and you MUST try the warm cookies at the check in desk- yummy.Only glitch we had- we had booked a king suite cuz it was supposed to have a hide a bed.oooops no it did not and they had no other room available. It worked out cuz other party had 2 queens and some went there but it COULD have been a mess if we hadn't. The front desk was so apologetic about it and wound up crediting us $ off the room because of it.One hint- do not get a ground floor queen suite as it faces a very busy street and is quite noisy! Be sure and ask for an upper room We would definitely stay at this charming place again- and it is also within good walking to French Quarter and Bourbon Street. Just don't eat at MOTHERS- yuck!  
<Date>Feb 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mygetaway
<Content>Good Experience - I stayed here over the weekend of January 19 and was very pleased with my experience. The hotel staff was excellent. They booked our reservations for dinner and also made special arrangements for a private tour of the Garden District with a van operator on the way to the aiport. The weather was lousy and these arrangements were a life saver. The senior rate was $107 plus tax and included a continental breakfast. Fruit offerings could have been better. The king sized bed was comfortable and my room that faced the courtyard was quiet.Clean and ideally located for walking, dining, or gambling. Good ambience as a converted warehouse. The only reason I didn't give an excellent was that the hallways were a little noisy in the early mornings and suite that faced the small street was noisy as the trash trucks drove by early in the morning.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>sewaneeprof
<Content>A very good choice This is an all around good choice with a great location between the Central Business District, Riverfront, Arts and Warehouse District, and the French Quarter. You can easily walk to either area. There is high speed internet in very nicely appointed rooms some with great views of the historic New Orleans Trade Building and St. James Hotel. Other rooms that look out over valet parking not so good. Everything was extremely clean, service was helpful, excellent really. There is a decent free breakfast every morning until 10:00am and a great little gym. What I found especially nice is the indoor/outdoor patio space with slate floors, beautiful wood beamed ceilings, lots of light, and a small outdoor soaking pool (and wireless access in the common areas). There is a second very private and comfy lounge off the front desk area. There is also a small bar open nightly. Easy walking distance to La Bon Ton Cafe, Mothers, the Palace Cafe, and Liberio Cuban Restuarant (good and right next door). For the price, it really beats hands down hotels like the Sheraton, IC, and Marriott that charge you extra every time you flush the toilet :)  
<Date>Jan 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Travel1023
<Content>Great stay at the Country Inn Don't let the name fool you, there is nothing country about the Country Inn and Suites. Stayed for 3 nights and had a great stay. Very clean, new hotel with a lot of charm. Staff was friendly and helpful, good continental breakfast and convenient location. Would stay again next time I am in New Orleans and recommend to anyone who is looking for a place to stay there. Good value!  
<Date>Jan 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>luv2globetrot
<Content>GO VISIT New Orleans and stay at the Country Inn              Country Inn  Suites  
<Date>Dec 14, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	4	5	

<Author>Spaceman58
<Content>Good location, very good value This hotel is typically available for about $80 a night and is well worth it. You can easily spend more elsewhere and get less. In fact, we couldn't come close to this price in Baton Rouge, which is interesting because there is far less to see and do there.The location is good, on Magazine Street about a block and a half off of Canal Street, easy walking distance to the French Quarter and Jackson Square. It's directly across the street from the New Orleans Board of Trade.Valet parking is $23 per night. The fitness room includes 2 treadmills, 1 recumbent bike, and 1 elliptical. The pool is tiny, really an oversized spa, but it is heated.The rooms are really nothing special, but perfectly adequate and reasonably comfortable. Remember this is a converted warehouse, so you wil see exposed wooden beams, pipes, and painted-over brick. We will definitely return to this hotel on our next visit, simply because of the value and the location.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>skbuzz
<Content>a weekend getaway the valet parking was very nice,even thoe it cost a $100 for four days..the luggage carts where great! check in went very smooth,the bar tender at the hotel was very nice..well it's right there on your way to the elevator you can stop by grab a drink an head on up to your room.. the lobby-lounge area is comfortable,they also have a nice court yard to sit out on if ya want to.breakfast was very plain jane, the maids did a good job!! they have safes in the rooms if ya need to lock up stuff.bring your pillow cause all they have is thoes feather pillows.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2006
<Rating>4	3	2	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>suennj
<Content>great value, great hotel We have stayed several other times at Monteleone in French Quarter, which was almost 80.00 more a night. Th1s hotel was beautiful, pretty rooms (although small, like all of New Orleans), attractive public areas, and a great location, 10 minute walk to French Quarter, 5 minutes to Harrah's, and a Gordon Biersch Brewpub (excellent)  
<Date>Nov 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>buffy6
<Content>Great hotel and great location This hotel is very nice. It's a refurbished warehouse with lots of exposed beams and brick. Very tastefully renovated and decorated. The front desk staff are very nice and extremely helpful with recommendations on where to go and where to eat. The rooms are relatively large and very clean. My room (238) faced the street behind the hotel near the dumpsters so it was quite loud when the garbage trucks came every morning (4am) so I would recommend asking for a room in a different part of the hotel. The breakfast is great. Homeade waffles are always a hit. I would highly recommend this hotel again. It's only 3 blocks from the French Quarter but away from the seedy element. It's also fairly close to the convention center if you don't mind walking. I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>sneauxwhite
<Content>great bargain I have stayed at the New Orleans Country Inn  Suites several times on business. This hotel is a great bargain - I usually pay $70-80 a night, which is less than other places that aren't nearly as nice. It is a new hotel in historic buildings, providing the best of both worlds. Rooms are clean and fresh smelling. Amenities include free wireless internet and breakfast with waffles.The French Quarter, aquarium, and casino are only a couple of blocks away, but the hotel is quieter than those in the Quarter. The staff is friendly and helpful. The only drawback is a $30 charge for valet parking, but this is typical of hotels near the French Quarter.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>chinookgeo
<Content>Great value I stayed here while attending a convention in NO. Most of my colleagues were spending $180+ per nite and my room was $89 (+tax).The hotel was very quiet. I had a 2-room 'suite' with small fridge and mic. The ceiilings were high (maybe 15') and everything comfortable. Good high-speend internet for free. Two TVS. The usual, but fine, free high-carb breakfast. The desk clerks were fantastic. Good location, although I did not walk very far (being single female). The hotel has charm, as it is actually a very old building (I think 1860's) with a courtyard.As for NO - I was very disappointed. The town is not ready for conventions yet (more than 1 year after big hit). Still many places are not open, lots of 'stuff' on the streets, medians. It was just sort of a mess. I had been to NO 8 times previously and did not enjoy this trip. But I will say most of the people were extremely friendly.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>kath di
<Content>Anniversary Trip My husband and I just returned from New Orleans, we were there from September 14-19. We stayed at the Country Inns  Suites. We arrived before check-in time but the front desk clerk had us quickly up to our room. She was very friendly and informed us that they were filming a movie on Saturday but they were expecting little if any inconvenience to their guests. On our return to the hotel on Saturday we saw Rob Lowe and the film crew shooting in the front lobby - how exciting! Our room was very clean and comfortable. The location of the room was very quiet and my husband and I were very happy with it. The location of the hotel is very convenient for many of the attractions. It is close to Harrahs', only a few blocks from the French Quarter, Mardi Gras World, the Riverwalk Mall and you can board the bus to the Garden District one block down the street. The breakfast was very good, it included waffles, muffins, cereal (hot  cold), toast, bagels coffee, tea, juice and of course milk.The staff was very friendly and were very helpful directing us to various attractions. We had a great time and would recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	3	

<Author>klain
<Content>Big easy still Big Fun I have visited New Orleans 4 or 5 times in the past few years since I moved to Mobile, AL. I would like to first start by saying that the French Quarter/downtown area is in pretty good shape. I keep seeing these horror stories on tv of how the town is destroyed and it's pure Anarchy everywhere. This is not the case at all. This area has recovered very well so everyone please come back to visit. Now about the hotel. I found the room online and payed only $69 a night. I had just stayed in New Orleans in July and payed $200 a night just 1 block over. This made me nervous but also happy to get such a good deal. Now to see if it is a good deal or just a lousy hotel. I always try to be positive about everything and this hotel made it pretty easy to do so. We arrived Friday night around 9:00. The valet guy took about 15 minutes to come down so we had to wait. Not a huge deal though. We went up to our room and had a letter saying a movie production crew would be on the property for the weekend filming a movie. That was pretty exciting. (The movie is called A Perfect Day if you're wandering). The room was small but very clean and pretty nice for the price. A few things I noticed. The walls are pretty thin so I could hear people talking in the next room (that is pretty common though). The cleaning lady woke me up both mornings around 9:00 to see if I needed the room cleaned (this was my fault because I didn't put the DO NOT DISTURB sign up. The shower head had a very wide/light spray. This was not a big deal for me but my Fiance had a hard time rinsing her hair. I think this combined with the very soft water created more of a problem for her. We really enjoyed the Spirits lounge in the lobby. The bar tender (Stephanie I think) was very nice and made good drinks. The pool area right outside the lobby was great. It was the typical size courtyard pool but very pretty and a nice place to have a drink and talk with friends. Over all I have to say that this was a very good hotel. It is very clean and the staff was very friendly. If you have any questions don't hesitate to email me at klainrob@excite.com  
<Date>Sep 18, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>genung1712
<Content>Great hotel This hotel provided a very pleasant stay. It isn't necessarily a fancy hotel but I found it very comfortable to stay in. The room was clean and nicely appointed, however, a little on the cozy side. There is a nice small courtyard and the staff are very friendly and helpful. Would recommend staying here.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	5	3	5	5	4	

<Author>heysugar1
<Content>Do Not Recommend We were in town for a meeting and stayed at the Country Inn  Suites By Carlson, New Orleans. The hotel's main lobby is cleaned and well kept. When we accessed our room, however, we were surprised by the state of the bed sheets, pillow cases, and blankets. The pillow cases had makeup smudges while the sheets had black spots. The front desk did respond to our request for new pillow cases and sheets quickly. The other frustrating problem that we encountered during our stay was vaccuming outside of our room at 7AM in the morning. When I rang the front desk to ask why the hotel vaccumes at 7am, the lady at the front desk insisted that vaccuming does not begin until 8am. She then retracted her statement when I held the phone to the door for her to hear the noises exuding from the vaccume. She continued by stating that she 'cannot stop them from vaccuming at 7am.' Unless you want to be awaken in the morning at 7am due to vacuuming noises, then I suggested you stay elsewhere. If you do not mind dirty pillow cases and sheets, or vaccuming noises at 7am in the morning, this hotel is located near great eateries (e.g., Mother's).  
<Date>Aug 15, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	1	4	1	

<Author>sue7778
<Content>Comfortable stay--great for a family in New Orleans!       Outside of hotel  
<Date>Jul 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolutely gorgeous!       Courtyard  
<Date>Jun 29, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>soco_engr
<Content>A nice little hotel. My family and I stayed at the hotel for one night on June 16th. We paid $119 at the last minute. The hotel was easy to find and the valet efficient. The interior was surprisingly spacious and elegant. The cookies at reception were a nice touch. We had the room on the first floor on the other side of the cuban restaurant. The noise was not bad considering the room is on the street. The room was clean and comfortable as others have reported. We especially liked the fact that we did not have to go through the bedroom to get to the bathroom. In this room, the bath is large with both a tub and a large shower. The breakfast is pretty good but definitely lacks protein. The hotel location is great - reasonably close to all the downtown sights. During our short visit, we went to the aquarium and the quarter - both back up and running nicely. We will definitely stay at the hotel again.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Stay I stayed at the Country Inn and Suites on June 18th for two nights. We are trying to reestablish ourselves in New Orleans after Katrina, so the trip was primarily business, i.e. checking on our house, meeting with contractors, visiting family, etc., no tourisy stuff. I booked a one bedroom suite on the country inns website and got a good rate of $99 a night including breakfast. Check-in was quick and the staff was friendly. The rooms were decorated in cream and brown. Very nice. We had two queen beds in the separate bedroom and there was a sofabed in the living room. There were five of us including my 3 kids, and we had plenty of space. There are 2 TVs so for those parents travelling with kids this is a must have. Plenty of storage space since the living room and bedroom had a closet. The only downer, the bathroom though clean and nicely decorated was small. Also the bar area would have been nicer had you had a sink, but those are very small things. Maid service was good, even though we didn't get enough towels (always a problem with a family of five), but easily obtained from front desk. Breakfast was typical continental: cereal, fruit, grits, oatmeal, and waffles. It was very well stocked. My family enjoyed it. Unfortunately, I was doing low carb so there was nothing I could have except coffee. Would have liked some Splenda too. The charge for parking, typical for hotels in this area is a bit steep, $32 for minivans. Since we were out most of the day, we had no problem finding off street parking at night (no charge). Just make sure you feed the meter after 8 am once the meter maids come around. Again since we were out pretty early in the morning and didn't return until evening, we paid $2 a day max. Just be aware of where you park and try to park on the main streets instead of the darker side streets. On our last night the guest next door complained that we were a bit noisy, so the walls though nicely done in brick, may be a bit thin, so watch that. Nice hotel for the price, would use again.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>speakeasy
<Content>Great Location, Great Hotel, Great Price You really can't beat this hotel at this price. We paid $79 per night for this new (2004) hotel in a super location for access to Bourbon Street, the Aquarium, superb restaurants, free Wednesday night concert in Lafayette Square (What a treat to hear Cowboy Mouth), and Harrah's Casino. This hotel is a beautiful renovation of several very old buildings. Our room had a very high ceiling with an immense arched window that overlooked Magazine Street. The bed was very comfortable, although the pillows were a bit thin for my taste. The room was freshly decorated and a good size, with a small closet and large bathroom. The original floor joists are left exposed (painted) in the ceiling so you can appreciate construction materials you can't see today. There is a tiny pool, and a tiny 4-seat bar with a wonderful bartender named John. Breakfast was included and featured the typical waffle station, bagels, muffins, breads, cereals, fruit, coffee, and juices. The front desk offered freshly baked Otis Spunkmeyer cookies, a great treat upon returning after a day's touring. All hotel personnel were very courteous. The only downside was the parking rate--$23.00/night, although this is common in NO. You CAN do this town without a car.Have you been to New Orleans before and loved it? If so, please go back. This city, and the surrounding area took a sock in the gut from the hurricanes of 2005. If you loved the food and the fun then, you'll be able to ignore the things that are not up to snuff.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautifully appointed, historic bldg. Charming and comfortable, beautifully appointed--with the partially exposed brick and light colors, it's a place apart from your typical Country Inns and Suites location (not that those are horrible, exactly). The cookies are still there regardless! An extremely impressive hotel for its class. And it's located in a building on the National Register. I would not hesitate to stay here again.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>mellow_goat
<Content>Clean, Friendly and Cheap I go to New Orleans too much some say. I know the Quarter better than I know my family. I have stayed in many hotels in the French Quarter. This is one of the best I have stayed at. I booked a one bedroom suite for $100s. The room was huge. I had a livingroom and a bedroom. Both of these rooms were extremely clean. There was a TV in each room which was nice since I like to sleep late and my gf does not. (darn early birds) The room was quiet. The most quiet room i have ever stayed at in the Quarter. When you closed the bedroom door it feels like you are in your mother's womb but with AC. The staff was very nice and helpful. I was 4 hours early for check in and they let me get into my room anyway. I would tell anyone to stay at this great place. This place isnt overly fancy..... that was a great perk. Some of the hotels in the Quarter go over the top.  
<Date>May 24, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>jtcozmo
<Content>nice stay Nice, clean, comfortable room, though on the small side.  
<Date>May 22, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A great place to stay My family and I stayed here for four nights in mid-May. We found thlis hotel to be very clean, comfortable and accomodating. The buildings are on the National Historical Register and has exposed brick walls and ceiling beams, as well as the old elevator hoist. There is a lovely little sitting room off the front door, and a complimentary breakfast with tables in the dining area, plus out in the hallway. Nice place to enjoy a meal or a game of cards. The staff was friendly and very helpful, and they serve cookies at the front desk. There is a small on-site bar -seating four, in the hallway-(but overflow can sit at the tables). A private courtyard with a small pool is inviting and quiet. The Magazine Street location is just a block off of Canal, and the Quarter is closeby as is the River. We happened to be there during the termite swarming- that was the only problem during our stay. I recommend this hotel! One last thing, we didn't rent a car during our stay and we had no trouble getting cabs to get around the city.  
<Date>May 20, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>jle1012
<Content>Great location       bedroom  
<Date>Mar 14, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>nalu
<Content>Clean, Charming, New Hotel! We just returned from a 3 day stay at this lovely hotel. We had a one-bedroom, which had a huge bedroom area (2 queen size beds) with a door separating it from the sitting area (pull-out couch). This was a great set up, as we were traveling with a child. Everything was very clean and beautifully maintained. This hotel is just a 10 minute walk to the French Quarter, so you have all the benefit of being close to all the action, but far enough away to enjoy this quiet location. My only complaint: the valet parking (the only parking available)--which is $23/day for a car and $32 for a van. But that's not the bad part. We had to wait 35 minutes for our car prior to our return flight home...a little nerve wracking! We made it to the airport on time, but we had no idea it would take that long to get our car. The staff said they informed people at check-in that it would take 30 minutes to retrieve a car, but no one told us, and we had no warning regarding this unreasonably long wait. So, if you need to park a car, call the valet about 30 minutes ahead of the time you wish to depart. Other than this issue, everything else was great.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>SignalK
<Content>Fabulous Find! Stayed here only 1 night after bailing out of the Garden District Hotel, and what a gem! Unique, great renovation of several old buildings, quiet and comfortable. Looks very unimposing from the outside but once you enter, be prepared to be impressed. Staff couldn't have been nicer. Would have liked to stay longer, but will definitely stay here next time.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>greenapple74
<Content>Clean  In these post flood times it's hugely important hotels are researched in the New Orleans area. Trip advisor is a most advisable source of information. We stayed at Country Inn  Suites in the warehouse district, just the other side of Canal street. Safe area and great location,the French Quarter is a 10 minute amble away. Our room had clearly been refurbished recently and had new fixtures and fittings, it was decorated in lovely yellow tones which gave a warm ambiance. The reception was very friendly and helpful. The hotel looks smaller on the outside and is deceiving as it is very large and is in a U shape.There was cable TV also. They didn't mail things for you though.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>gypsymoth_7
<Content>Good people trying hard in a very nice place We stayed here while re-establishing our freshman son as a Tulane student after he had been blown away by Katrina in August. Our expectations were not for perfection since we knew what the city and people had been through, but honestly, it was hard to tell from this hotel that anything at all had ever gone wrong. The hotel was perfectly clean and quiet and really lovely. Our only problem was the noise from people walking overhead as a result of the highly touted exposed beams. That might not bother some, but it did us. We asked to be moved, and we were, to a non-suite room for the same reasonable price (we had gotten a suite for $99/night--don't ask me how--online), and the rest of our stay was terrific. It is surprising to me how pleasant and uncomplaining the people of NOLA are after all they've been through. Every single person we spoke to, from the bartender to the front desk people to the people attending the very good included continental breakfast, was unfailingly pleasant. We are staying here again when we go back for Parents' Weekend in late March. I just wish it were easier to get the reservations straight the first time--or the second or third. But I can't really complain. I've never suffered what they have. As long as we end up in the rooms we need, what are a few e-mails and phone calls?  
<Date>Feb 12, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>SUPERB! A surprise visit for my wife who has wanted to visit New Orleans for ages. Having discovered the Carlson Country Inn chain in California last year I had no hesitation in booking this one - an exceptionally low price may have hastened the booking! Good location, super spotless room and very helpful front desk and barman all helped to make our visit a very enjoyable one. If the bar staff can actually recognise an Englishman and not think he's Australian that's an automatic major plus point! Breakfast is a bit on the dull side BUT at the price I paid there's no real complaint. Unlike others we didn't find the walk along to Canal Street intimidating in any way, no matter what time of day or night [or was it early morning?!].Stay here - you'll love it.Like the rest of the world we're absolutely gutted to see the total devastation following Katrina - please go and visit New Orleans as soon as you can when it re-opens and help the city get back on it's feet. Every little will help over the next few years.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>You will like it!       Outside  
<Date>Aug 22, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>EditorJax
<Content>Un hotel excellente! A real jewel! I booked the Country Inn and Suites through Expedia not knowing anything about it except that it was new. I have been to New Orleans once before and stayed in a less-than-impressive area over by the Superdome. I REALLY enjoyed staying at the Country Inn. The staff was SO friendly and made great suggestions for places to eat and places to go out. And on a side note, there are fresh-baked cookies at the front desk. The hotel has a beautiful mix of old and new with a lot of Southern flair. The room was good-sized with a king bed. I loved the old wood beams in the room, and around the hotel. It made me feel like I was looking at old New Orleans, while relaxing in a modern room with free high-speed Internet and cable TV. The only thing I wasn't impressed by was the pool, which is pretty small. However, when in New Orleans, it's all about seeing the sights and this hotel is in a great locale; a few blocks from Riverwalk and Harrah's Casino in one direction and the French Quarter and Bourbon Street in the other. I definitely will stay here again!  
<Date>Aug 1, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Golden85
<Content>Great! My family and I loved the hotel. However, we were on the 4th floor and whatever was going on on the 5th floor above us was EXTREMELY loud. Until about 1:00 AM there was people running around and making loud noises. I don't know if there are rooms or what is on the 5th floor but it was really loud. Otherwise, the hotel was great. The staff was very helpful and friendly. We weren't allowed to check in until 3:45. Aside from all this, I would definitely recommend this hotel. I looked at plenty of them, and this one is in a great location (unless you count the homeless shelter down the road). It was great.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TravelerGEO
<Content>Great new hotel built in an old building We picked this one from the internet not knowing anything about the area and we could not have picked any better. Great location and great hotel. The rooms had large windows and the new hotel was built out of several old buildings which made for an interesting hotel. We could not have got a hotel this nice at the price in any major city.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>WKA
<Content>Pleasantly Surprised This new hotel is the result of tranforming adjoing warehouse spaces together in a creative way. We stayed here recently on July 6  7 '05.It is 2 blocks from the start of the French Quarter and near the St. Charles street car line. We had a room with a street view which is not always the case. Some of the rooms have no windows because of the characteristics of the design so you will have to request a window room if it is important to you. The lobby is spacious with skylights up to the 5th floor roof. The room was tastefully decorated and had an original brick wall that was constantly dropping dust on the furniture (think romantic). The furnishings are high end with a marble counter top in the bath. We also had a small fridge and microwave which is handy with kids. The breakfast was an expanded continental with breakfast burritos and waffles. The dining area is quite pleasant and spacious. The A/C is quiet and work well. You can find coupons for this place in one of the tourist books handed out in the tourist office by the Cafe du Monde that will save you $30/night Monday - Thursday making it $69. I would like to take this place with me whenever I travel. Complimentary USA Today, nice reading area with a faux fireplace and the staff was friendly and willing to bend the rules.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MG_Dallas
<Content>Great Hotel I booked this room for my husband for his business trip to New Orleans last month. To be honest, the name almost scared me off - sounded like a cheap, typical, suites-hotel. But that was far from the truth. My husband said he felt like a king in his castle. The vaulted ceilings and tall windows were beautiful, and the location is great as well - close enough to the French Quarter, without all of the noise. The hotel is in easy walking distance from Mother's as well, a nice perk. I look forward to staying here the next time we visit!  
<Date>Jul 14, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

