<Author>NDu7
<Content>Great Stay My Stay at Swissotel Sydney was fabulous. A 5* experience within a 5* hotel.I found the hotel staff to be friendly, caring, efficient and they always had a smile. They made our three kids feel like special.The rooms were lovely, large with the little extra touches.The location is fantastic for shopper and the kids enjoyed the walks to Darling Harbour.A great stay, Thank you Swissotel Sydney  
<Date>Jan 6, 2009
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	5	3	

<Author>CarolPerthWA
<Content>Great location and hotel       Sydney Opera House  Harbour Bridge  
<Date>Jan 3, 2009
<Rating>4	3	2	4	4	2	3	3	

<Author>simonSussex
<Content>Good Location Swissotel Sydney is in a great location and the unusual hotel entrance is no problem.Our first impession of the reception area was very good nice and open and modern.Check in was very smooth and even though we arrived at 8.00am our room was ready.The room on the 22nd floor gave good views over the city and was spacious and well presented.The room had a large comfortable bed good size flat screen tv and space for a sofa as well as a desk.The bathroom was large and very clean with both a bath and seperate shower and was very impressive.Overall the service from all the staff was very good especailly on the lounge floor,this is well worth the extra cost.The only problem and issue was with regard to the bed linen,the sheets on the bed and duvet cover were not that new to say the least but housekeeping swifly sorted this out ,however the replacement bed cover was still stained and had frankly seen better days.I would expect a better attention to detail in a hotel of this standard.Apart from this fairly minor issue I must say trhat this is the best hotel I have stayed in ,in Sydney and would use it again.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>Belle069
<Content>Special treatment on a special birthday For my 65th birthday my husband and I were treated to a wonderful night at the hotel. The location of the hotel is fantastic in the heart of the City, very easy to locate and within working distance to many attractions. The room was superb, the staff very efficient and helpful. Not used to such luxury we were pleasantly surprised when a bottle of champaign and a birthday wish was delivered to our room from the lovely staff there. We felt very special and I had a wonderful 65th birthday. I thoroughly enjoyed our evening there and would highly recommend a stay at this very central hotel.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>dimsumdolly
<Content>Great location, ok hotel My husband and I spent one week at this hotel. We had booked a flight+hotel package from a travel website and requested a swiss advantage room, which was supposed to be a room on a higher floor.The taxi dropped us outside the hotel, and immediately a bellboy came to help. The reception is on the 8th floor and we got our room keys promptly. The room was paid for but we were of course asked for a credit card for the extras.Our room was situated on the 23rd floor, executive floor, but we did not have access to the executive lounge.The room was odd-shaped, and overlooked a massive construction site. It was extremely noisy that afternoon, but thankfully it got more quiet the next day.Maybe because it was around christmas?The Internet connection was not working for the 1st day and we thought almost 30AUS$ for a 24h connection was a rip-off.During our week-long stay in the hotel, none of the bell-boys greeted us on the way in or out. The staff (technicians, housekeeping) we met on our floor would not even look at us! The housekeeping was the best, our room was always spotless and our amenities refilled. Once though, I called the room from the outside hoping to talk to my husband and it was the maid who answered saying no one was there!We had room service one night. An ok club-sandwich and the most awful spaghetti with meatballs I've ever seen. They even smell disgusting...We didnt try any restaurant or bars.I would only recommend this hotel for the location, super central, and next to many shops, the harbour, chinatown,...One more thing, we could not believe that we were charged an extra 1.5% on the bill because we used a VISA credit card!  
<Date>Dec 29, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	3	2	3	

<Author>Global01
<Content>A Very 3-Star Experience at the Swissotel Sydney On planning my first trip back to Australia after an 8 year hiatus, I was looking for a centrally located property with superior facilities and a very high level of personal service. After significant online research, I unfortunately selected the Swissotel. While the location is certainly very central there were plenty of other higher-end properties within a 5 block radius. Unlike most of the other properties, this hotel does not have any form of driveway, port cochere, etc. , so the taxi driver has no choice but to drop their passengers curbside. Rather, as close to curbside as possible - This is a VERY busy city street; the hotel is located directly opposite a major theatre and is technically within the physical building of a major department store. When I arrived, there were already cars double parked in front of the tiny hotel entry way, so I was let off in the middle of the street with no bellman in sight. After dragging my bags into the the street level micro-lobby, I was directed to the 8th floor for a proper check in. There was a huge line-up at checkin, but my room was actually ready. I had booked a junior suite and that is the room type I got. The room itself was respectable, clean, and generously proportioned. Unlike many other reviewers, I found the bed to be quite comfortable - it is rather firm, but of a good quality with above average bedding materials. The inclusion of an in-room Nespresso coffee machine was a very nice touch. The rest of the room was rather unspectacular. Think Sheraton Four Points - not at all bad, but not 5 star. The biggest failing of this hotel was the staff. They were all very young and inexperienced and it really showed. The front desk staff maintained a calm pleasant demeanor, but were unable to process all but the most simple of basic service requests. If you were not out of your room by 1pm forget about getting the room serviced - It is not possible was the reply from housekeeping. The lone bright spots in service were the executive lounge staff who were very competent, albeit not as personable and friendly as is the norm. The biggest standout surprise was the hotel security - this gentelman actually seemed to function as more of a manager than the duty managers did. He actually repsonded directly to guest concerns and after a few days, I noticed other guests actually seeking him out for resolution of their issues.I noticed that many of the positive reviews of this property were from those staying a short time (1 to 3 days) Perhaps that, combined with some rather attractive online pricing makes this more of an aspirational 5 star - entry level luxury if you will. The bottom line - if you get the hotel at a favorable rate and are looking for clean and close you'll probably be just fine. If, however, you are looking for something special - keep looking.  
<Date>Dec 14, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	1	2	2	

<Author>GazPerth
<Content>Really enjoyed the Swissotel Stayed at the Swissotel on business in a Premier Corner Room. I had stayed here in the past but stopped because of service issues and the smoking that used to be permitted in the lobby bar many moons ago.But I'm glad I tried again because this hotel is in an unbeatable location for both business and holidays, right in the middle of the city. The room was fantastic in that it was large, very airy and bright, well appointed and quiet. The bathroom is also a joy for those who like a spotless space with room to move about.I also found the service excellent. I typically dont like hotels that only offer a doona for bedding and dont provide a top and bottom sheet. But luckily for me they did offer alternatives and surprisingly it didnt take housekeeping long to realise I didnt use the bed as they made it and they quickly changed the way the bed was made up to suit me, without me having to ask. Quite impressive.Overall this hotel is a great option for people who enjoy a sense of space, comfort and high quality and really want to be in the centre of things. I think I have found my new base in Sydney.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>NikkoleC
<Content>Loved Swissotel Syendy       View From Room of Hyde Park/Sydney Tower  
<Date>Dec 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jacko657
<Content>Loved it! Arrival at the hotel was nice, concierge very polite and helpful. The lobby and check in is upstairs via the elevator. I found the reception staff blunt and not entirely friendly, it was not a very warm welcome there. My hotel room was spacious and very clean and the bathroom was gorgeous, big bath with separate shower enclosure which I loved.I did not eat in the hotel but had some drinks with friends in the bar, slow service but nice atmosphere.The hotel is very close to Darling Harbour and a few steps from George Street which is a straight walk down (about 10 minutes) to the Opera House and Harbour Bridge.The concierge staff are very helpful with booking trips and will advise you on a variety of companies.The hotel room was very cosy and I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	4	5	3	3	3	

<Author>Jawsie
<Content>Good stay at the Swissotel We stayed at the Swissotel for 6 nights in late November.It's well-situated - only one block away from Town Hall station and an easy walk from Darling Harbour and Circular Quay. There was a building site next door, but we had no experience with noise from this.The staff were very polite and helpful, and the room was lovely. A good size room with a king-size bed which was very comfortable. I slept very well there! The bathroom was a good size. All very clean and pleasant.We didn't eat at the hotel or have a drink there - we had breakfast just over the road in the cafe, which was lovely. The bar seemed very popular though.Some people have complained about having to get 2 lifts to their room... this is really not a problem and shouldn't put you off! There's no need to find your way through a shopping centre first as some seem to have suggested!All in all, a very comfortable stay!  
<Date>Dec 7, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>kanchangairola
<Content>Sydney ,An excellent place to visit and stay with your loved ones       Swissotel Sydney  
<Date>Dec 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	3	4	

<Author>lynstewhols
<Content>great hotel We have just had two night stay at the swissotel in Sydney,great experience,very welcoming concierge and reception staff.The rooms were lovely,quite large and very clean.Buffet breakfast was enjoyable with large variety,also room service meal was great.Will be back.! SLand B. Tassie  
<Date>Dec 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	3	-1	

<Author>Vitorio21
<Content>Loved the Swissotel Sydney       Front Entrance  
<Date>Nov 30, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>sunnyj1279
<Content>A Bad Night's Sleep We stayed at this hotel for 3 nights. It is very central, just 5 minutes walk from Darling Harbour.The Service from all the staff was very professional. The room was extremely clean.. However, the beds were very uncomfortable. My husband who likes a firm mattress also found the bed too hard. There was an option on the pillow menu to have a foam underlay but when I rang housekeeping they told me that they didn't have any spare underlays! So we had three very uncomfortable nights! On a positive note, the rooms are very quiet.Breakfast in the hotel is very expensive....$30 per person...not much of a selection and the scrambled eggs were overcooked  cold as was the bacon. Better to go to the cafe next door to the hotel for a full breakfast for $11.90.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BrisbaneJessicaMay22
<Content>Very dissapointing I stayed here whilst on business in Sydney, as my company has an agreement with the Swissotel. On arrival, I was asked for a credit card, even though my stay was to be fully charged back to my companys AMEX. I informed the front desk of this, at which time they told me I couldn't stay there, unless I gave them a $150 deposit, even though they had the security of a company credit card. This happend to my two co-workers also. In the end, they ended up asking to hold either a cell phone or a drivers licence as security. I was completely disgusted, as this happend at about 11pm at night. I handed over my drivers licence, and a member of staff from the front desk informed me that unless I gave them a credit card in the morning all services would be cut off to me. I had a message left on my phone to contact reception at my earliest convienience the next morning, so I did so before breakfast. I told them that they should call my company, and they would confirm that there was a full charge back to the company credit card. That night we had dinner in the restaurant, which took 3 HOURS to arrive. Other people were coming and going before we were even served. After dinner, we asked for the bill, and the waiter took it upon himslef to just spilt 4 ways, as there was four of us. This was not convienient, and we asked him to reverse it, and charge our individual rooms for what we actually had. This took him 45 minutes, and he still got it wrong, so we asked to go back to spliting it 4 ways. Mini bar and tea and coffee facilities are also extreamly minimal. I did not enjoy the rudness of the staff, and their demands at all. Especially since our company reguarly uses The Swissotel.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2008
<Rating>2	1	3	3	3	1	1	1	

<Author>shahbazi
<Content>Winter in November 2008 Stayed 2 nights, with a close friend, with view to see the city and enjoy a touch of luxury. and some fun and relaxation at a price!! Front staff were fantastic, friendly and efficient. We were shown to our room, but needed to change rooms, as friend was a light smoker, advised hotel of this fact when Booked and paid for a luxurious smoking room, with top notch facilities as advertised on net, but received average 3.5 star room. (we booked hotel based on the advert and thought what the heck . lets slurge. - we could have saved a packet. - anyway - somewhere else ohh well!! :(( Still can't work out why we paid top dollar yet asked for a smoking room on booking Viewed rooms on 21st floor, LOVELY! - what we paid for - unfortunately put on 11th floor, and skipped on some of the special touches. which makes a holiday special. a bit of a letdown guys Breakfast was expensive,! Bed comfortable. one chair in room for a couple made little sense to us. Bathroom was very spacious and spotless. Overall , pleased with hotel compared to a couple of others in area. but totally disappointed we paid for the top of the range and got middle class. I would return sometime, maybe next time not take a smoker friend. Perhaps the hotel secretly reserves the really Super/luxury first class rooms for the non-smokers of this world - okay ! cough cough ! :(( (i admit smoking is a not everyones cup of tea) but If i pay/book for a service at a premium i should be advised that you can't have this on the 11th floor and should have been charged a lot less for the lack of facilities advertised View was not of harbour like we thought we were getting ,but of a concrete jungle of walls and buildings . Overall - they deserve a praise and a big thank you! for effort and dedication and pleasant atmosphere inside hotel building. PS Supplying bigger coffee cups in room may be a real bonus to us coffee addicts.  far more supply of coffee, and Fresh milk would be more suitable to the class of hotel, rather then long life substitute. Next time We shall try a less expensive hotel in the city and probably end up with exactly the same service and facilities as we got at the swiss - but for a reasonable price. Merry Christmas my friend - it was nice to see you again ~ always remembered for the great company and the fun times that weekend~~ PS love the shops close by ~~  
<Date>Nov 23, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	3	4	4	4	3	

<Author>AKJKMelbourne
<Content>Great hotel and brilliant service! We are just back from a 3 night stay at the Swissotel and had a brilliant time. The location was excellent - 5 mins from Darling Harbour and the Monorail, in the heart of the shops. The room was great - we stayed in an Exec room which was worth the extra money to be able to use the Exec Lounge - great drinks and nibbles every evening! Our two sons, 11 and 3 were made to feel very welcome and the overall the service was brilliant. Would definately recommend this hotel!  
<Date>Nov 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Weraroa
<Content>100% worth it!!! I stayed in the Swissotel Sydney with my partner for 2 nights and I must say it was an amazing experience. The hotel is in the best location possible in the middle of the city and the level of service we got was just excellent. When we first arrived at the hotel, they boys in the concierge area were very polite and directed us to the reception area in level 8. When we reached level 8 it was great to see so many smiling faces looking at us and making us feel welcome in the hotel. The lobby of the hotel is beautiful and the staff members in the bar, reception and restaurant area make it even more delightful. The girl in the reception was kind enough to give us an upgrade to a higher floor, actually the highest floor possible. She was very warm and welcoming and certainly made us feel like we were being well taken care of. All in all this hotel is not only in a great location but the service and facilites are great!!!!!!! I recommend this hotel for everyone that is coming to visit Sydney either for business or just a little vacation. Definately worth it!!!!  
<Date>Nov 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>ABBPhl
<Content>most inaccessible hotel of the world This is an example of a poorly planned, new hotel tower on top of an old department store.To get to your room requires 2 different elevators and a hike across the lobby. Pity of you arrive by car; NO PARKING ; NO CAR DROPOFF.No Taxis either at most times!Getting luggage in and out of the place is next to impossible.The restaurant is way undersized and gets overrun during peak periods; better use one of the local coffee shops (also less $$$).  
<Date>Nov 12, 2008
<Rating>1	2	3	2	2	2	3	1	

<Author>Budwi
<Content>Great Hotel and Location Fabulous I had read quite opposite reviews of this hotel however agree with most. It's great. The location is brilliant for those who like to be amongst it all. I had no need to catch public transport while in Sydney. Although my credit card did not enjoy the abundance of shopping!Staff are great. Friendly and professional. They helped me with my young ones which is always a plus. We felt at home.The rooms are five star. Plenty of space and everthing you need. An outdoor pool! What a surprise in the heart of the city.Thanks trip advisor.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>NorthPoleMpls
<Content>Great Locate  We recently stayed at the Swissotel Sydney and it easily has one of the best locations in the city. This is a great city to explore shopping, restaurants, and other parts of the city. For those who are foodies you will be pleased to know that their chief concierge Jason will recommend a restaurant based on his experience of going there, he avoids recommending restaurants that are touristy. My partner and I travel for food among other things  both of us were concierges in the past so this was a pleasant surprised. On the last leg of our trip we stayed at another hotel  Jason was still willing to help us with tours, reservations, etc. Jason  the staff go above  beyond.The hotel  the rooms are contemporary  beds are comfortable. You should definitely consider staying here while you are in Sydney.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Lles77
<Content>Experience a True Hotel It's true first impression last!!! Firstly, I must admit that Market St is a challenge only If you are driving, as it actualy reminded me of Asia/New York bad traffic!! from the moment we arrived a friendly hotel staff welcomed us with a warm smile and we were escorted to reception on the 8th floor!! wow what a difference from the lobby in ground level it feels that heaven opened the door for us. Reception clerk were freindly and fast. Swissotel is in the middle of the city, you can walk to the Historic Rocks for approx 15-20 mins, Darling Harbor 10mins and shopping is just around the corner. This hotel is a TRUE hotel so do speak, the staff are freindly and approachable specially the concierge staff who are helpfull and Mr know it ALL.Thank You Swissotel you will see us again.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TrAvElBuG_VaLuE
<Content>Shopaholic's best bet I would say the service at the front desk wasn't terribly warm, but was professional and was left alone for the bigger part of my stay (4 nights) and that suited me fine. The guy at the conceirge was quite helpful and let me use his computer to do an internet check-in while we were waiting for our transport to take us to the airport. He even printed out a copy for me without asking! I'm sorry I couldn't remember his name. Were so flustered as we were running late. Really pleased with the room. 2 double beds! So it was really comfortable with good mattresses (one of the most impt things abt rooms I stay in). Not too much of a view, but then wasn't in the hotel that much to notice (could see Sydney Tower where we were). Too much to do in Sydney. But the room was a haven to get back to after a long day of walking around. In terms of cleanliness, comfort, it was to be expected of a 5-star hotel. Slightly bigger than average for a city hotel.You get a very central location, right beside Sydney Tower, walkable to most shopping areas, including the Woolies that closes at midnight (or smthg like tt), to catch last minute shopping when most other shops are closed. Near the monorail and train stations, with Myers and David Jones at the doorstep. Also near Macdonald's and Burger King which are 24 hours if you get hunger pangs and are sick of room service.The rate was slightly less than S$300, when the rate was 1.3, but was still a bargain as most 5-star hotels cost more than that.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	2	3	-1	

<Author>dandazz
<Content>Location, Smiles and a Breakfast to die for... I would like to begin this review with something like... Having spent many years traveling the world, and staying in many amazing and varied Hotels across the globe... But that would be a lie, I rarely travel, and even less so together with my family (Wife  2 daughters). So it was with great anticipation to book a family room at the Sydney Swissotel for a weekend in Sydney, a rare treat with my family.Upon arrival I was gratefully guided into a parking spot in the front of the Hotel on a busy Sydney street, by the efficient concierge, and was then directed to reception, a counter of smiling faces. The staff were very friendly and went out of their way to make my daughters feel welcome, which my wife and I thought was a nice touch. The room was comfortable and spotless. The kid's loved the heated pool on the 10th floor overlooking the CBD. I'm a huge breakfast fan from way back (breakfast was included in our package) so I went for it and wasn't disappointed, everything you could possibly desire was on offer or could be quickly made to order.To sum up, my family and I had a great city escape in a terrific hotel with great staff, whether your traveling alone, with a partner or your family. I can't recommend the Swissotel Sydney enough 10/10.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>beachbabes02
<Content>What a wonderful Place to stay Great stay, Perfect location to all sydney sites. Staff all wonderful. Services great. Can't wait to stay again.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>RGYorkshire
<Content>Prime location and excellent service Our large executive room on the 23rd floor was ideal for the last few days of our visit to Australia.The hotel is located slap bang in the heart of Sydney's shopping area. We decided to use the rail link from the airport and were pleasantly surprised to note the hotel is only a five minute walk from St James station (n.b. there are steps to contend with from the station platform).We received a warm welcome from reception and our room not only had a great view but was also very well equipped. The bathroom had both a large tub and a large shower.The very large bed was comfortable and there was also a large desk. We were pleased with the attention to detail in the room.We made use of the Executive Club on the floor above. The staff here were very friendly and helpful. We took breakfast there rather than go down to the main restaurant. The selection was good and the atmosphere relaxed. We also had drinks and canapes there each evening.On one evening we had dinner in the restaurant. It was of a very good standard.The hotel is about a 15 minute walk from Circular Quay and The Rocks.Overall we were highly satisfied with this hotel and will certainly use it again when we next visit Sydney.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>RDBTLR
<Content>Loved the service We stayed for two nights at the end of our Honeymoon and our return home to Sydney.We have stayed with the Swissotel before an always love it. This time is no different.We spent a little extra and booked a room on the Executive Levels which gave us access to the lounge. We always enjoy this.The staff were so wonderful to us from check in, to breakfast in the lounge and the staff remembered our name after only two days! This was great.It was the perfect end to our honeymoon.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>fogcmc
<Content>Great shopping location Great location for shopping. Opposite the QVB shopping mall. Within walking distance of Sydney's attractions.Hotel room very comfortable. The hotel has a laundry room you can use but the tokens are quite expensive but cheaper than laundry service.Pleasant staff.The executive lounge was good. Open during the day. Would have benefitted from a few snacks during the day. Breakfast was a little monotonous as they don't vary it from day to day.Would definitely recommend, however.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>thkl070
<Content>Location, location, location Great location for shopping: within steps of David Jones and Myer, between Pitt Street and George Street and accross the road from the QVB. All Sydney's attractions are nearby. Good pool and (small) gym. The construction site next door might wake you early.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>p750777
<Content>Great option in Sydney I stayed here for my first wedding anniversary for three nights. We were upgraded to a corner room which was lovely. The room was newly refurbished and with lots of natural light, a bacony huge bathroom including large walk in shower with Molton Brown amenties.The location is excellent for central Sydney close to all shops and just 10 minute walk from Darling Harbour and a 15-20 minute walk from circular quay. We used the executive lounge once which offered free internet access and snacks/drinks. These were adequate although more limited than in other hotels we have visited.Overall this hotel offers excellent value for money, good rooms and a great location.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	3	3	

<Author>BrisCaz
<Content>rates were good but 5 star???? Not sure. Definitely not the beds anyway I stayed here over a weekend to spend time with some friends from inter-state. I have to say that I got a good rate and so I cannot complain too much but I really dont see where this is a 5-star hotel. The rooms we had were extremely small and pokey - in fact the one my friends in was so small they were practically climbing over furniture when they moved about it - and when I went to visit them it was downright claustrophobic.Things I particularly DID NOT like:- The bed ...OMG. It was possibly the hardest bed I have ever slept in with the exception of the dreadful places I have stayed in China and Taiwan. The bed was so hard that the only way I could get some modicum of sleep was to get all of the pillows in a line and lie on top of them. Interesting to note that my friends didnt have an issue with their bed so either they had a better one or I am just super fussy. I did leave my comments in the review card about the beds. I mean I just COULD NOT sleep. it was awful.- And then if not getting even a slight bit of sleep was bad ...I was further annoyed on Saturday morning by the sound of jackhammers and machinery as the guys worked on the nearby construction site. Yes, not exactly a problem of the hotel but extremely annoying when I was actually for once taking some much needed RR but just didnt get it.- No power points in the bathroom. Not an issue except if, like me, you have a hair straightener...nowhere to plug it in. I had to stand outside the bathroom by the mini bar to do my hair- the worlds smallest bar fridge. It just had no depth and you couldnt fit anything in it. I guess the hotel wants you to use their drinks etc at their exhorbitant rates but if you want to put some of your own stuff in there then you just have to empty all of theirs out first and even then you are struggling to get anything in there- Having to use two sets of lifts to get up to the room. The first day I was in and out all day and it was so frustrating to have to go from street level to the 8th and then across the lobby and to the lifts to the room. Not a great deal you might think but annoying when you are getting tired from walking.- Using the key card for the lift. Yeah, I know security wise this is great but what annoyed me is that the swipe didnt always work first time and some slots worked better than others (and some worked not at all)Things I DID like:- the location - cant fault the location. Right near the Pitt Street Mall and close to the Monorail if you want to sight-see that way. Easy walking distance to Darling Harbour and Circular Key- there was a pillow menu but I didnt discover this until it was too late.I think if you stay here - pay the bit extra and go to the Club level. Maybe there you might find out whether this is really a 5 star hotel or not.In hindsight I wish I hadnt stayed here. I had recommended the HarbourView in North Sydney to my friends and I wish we had all stayed there as the experience here was mediocre at best.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	2	1	-1	

<Author>bon_vivant_traveller
<Content>Great hotel but bar service could improve I stayed at the hotel for 1 night recently as a member of a large group on a business trip (30-35 people). The lobby and rooms are elegant, stylish, very clean and well appointed and the reception desk staff were friendly and helpful. Group check-in and check-out was efficient. There were however a few issues which spoilt the broader experience - firstly the bar service was appalling with nearly every member in our party reporting some issue. Incorrect orders, wrong items on the bill, bills never arriving (no complaints here on that one!), long delays in orders being filled, unavailable wines that later were successfully ordered by others, topped off by a total lack of clarity regarding whether it was table or bar service and reprimands from waiters for approaching the bar. I was given the incorrect bill three times and finally paid in frustration after trying to explain I was being billed for 3 white wines when I had ordered and was drinking a red. Isolated incidents are understandable however this was almost a culture of incompetence. Our whole group found the experience less than satisfactory and a bit odd considering the food and service in the adjoining restaurant was of a very high quality standard. One recent post noted that some items on the 24 hour menu were not actually available 24 hours. This was also my experience however I ordered an alternative with no problem and it was served promptly.Despite my frustration re: the bar and room service on the whole this hotel is fantastic and I would definitely stay there again or recommend it to a friend. The location is superb and the rooms are lovely and well looked after. You will enjoy staying here.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	3	2	4	

<Author>junioroz
<Content>Service is below par They rate themselves as 5 star but i'd say they are a mid 4-star. I've still got 3 nights to stay at the hotel and i've got to say that apart from the girls that work in the spa, service isn't so good.I was told upon checking in that wireless was available in the common areas, I only needed a password from reception. So I went down at 5am to be able to chat with the office in the UK and couldn't connect. The male and female at reception had different reasons for this. The male said that I can only connect in my room. I showed him my computer connection that said I was connected to SWISSOTEL BAR AREA.Anyway, to cut a long story short I got two different stories about the same thing, and the final story was it was going to cost me $5.00 for half an hour.Annoyed at the attitude of the staff, I waited for the internet cafe opposite townhall to open and went there (it's where i'm writing this from). This is not a good place if you need to do business, but a good location if youre a tourist. Next time, i'll just stick to what I know and stay at the Hilton next door  
<Date>Oct 5, 2008
<Rating>2	3	4	5	4	3	2	1	

<Author>Paristresbon
<Content>Hotel Excellent - Day Spa Appalling!! The Swissotel was a wonderful place to stay in Sydney. I booked with the hotel directly and this easy as I spoke to a very friendly and helpful person. We arrived early and our room was ready for us which was great considering we had been travelling all morning. The room was spotless, beautiful bathroom, great coffee machine and was made up each day to perfection. Nothing was a hassle for this hotel. I rang and asked for extra towels and they were delivered promptly and with a smile. Breakfast was nice, included an egg chef and was relaxing. I will definitely return to the Swissotel Sydney. HOWEVER, beware of the Amrita Day Spa. I had my legs waxed on the first day and they tore skin off my legs. I couldn't get to sleep on the first night as I thought something was in the bed. I got up to check it only to discover that I had red, swollen stripes on my legs from where they had torn off my skin. It looked disgusting and was awfully sore and painful. I went down to the Day Spa first thing the next morning to the most unhelpful and sarcastic spa manager you could find. She was not willing to help, or really couldn't care less, I persisted and asked her what she was prepared to do about it. She said so, do you want your money back? I told them that was the least they could do. She had to ring her boss and he said yes. I practically had to beg for some cream to put on it and she could find anything to put some in. I could go on and on, but the fact is they damaged the skin on my legs, were not prepared to do anything about it - did not even apologise - and were rude and aburpt. I will be making an official complaint about this to the relevant authorities. DO NOT USE the day spa!! That said, it would not deter me from staying at the hotel, I would simple choose another day spa!!  
<Date>Oct 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>FR94114
<Content>LOVED the Swissotel! Following 5 days of business in Melbourne, I decided to spend a few days of R and R in Sydney before heading home to the States. I didn't know what to expect when I arrived, but was pleasantly surprised when I walked into the hip and chic 8th floor lobby. Check-in was fairly easy despite the desk clerk's unfamiliarity with English. When I walked into the room I was very pleased. I found the room to be spacious, well appointed and comfortable looking. One thing that caught my eye was the extremely low slung bed 鈥?perhaps a not-so-subtle homage to the hotel's largely Asian clientele. I requested a higher floor at check-in and they graciously accommodated my request. That higher room afforded me a sweeping view of the city, including Hyde Park. Swissotel is a wonderful oasis in a great city - would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	3	5	4	

<Author>brissygirl_8
<Content>The best I'v stayed at I have stayed at many hotels during my travels and I have developed quite a skeptical attitude to most, however the Swissotel has re-established some faith. The staff were exceptional from reception to the porters. They were always well mannered and more than willing to help out even before you asked them. That is the most outstanding part of the hotel and Iam sure that others who have stayed there also will agree. The rooms are spacious and beautifully clean and the decor is fresh and inviting. I will for sure be staying there again whenever I am in town. Congratulations to all the staff and management for such an impressive hotel.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Geo2008
<Content>Enjoyed our stay We had three nights at the Swissotel Sydney On Market Street and enjoyed our stay. We had a corner room with views out across the city. Rooms are not huge but are comfortable, clean and quiet. Breakfast was included in our three-day rate and it was excellent. We also had one evening meal at the hotel. While the meal was good, the prices were a little more than we expected.Location is excellent and in walking distance of tourist attractions, shopping and underground rail. It is a quaint hotel in that the hotel is built above Myer shopping emporium and to check in means taking dropping suitcases with a porter at the small off-street entry and taking a lift to the 8th floor which opens out onto an elegant lobby and reception.Staff were courteous and help-yourself bowls of Granny Smith apples near the lifts were appreciated. Happy to recommend the hotel.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>mrandmrsk_8
<Content>Hammering and an un-continental breakfast We had decided to treat ourselves to a nice hotel with a good central location so chose Swissotel for those reasons. The location did not disappoint, and first impressions were good, as we arrived not-too-fresh from a long haul flight, hoping to check in early. Reception were able to accommodate us and we were grateful to be able to crash out for a few hours in the morning. However, not long after we'd settled in the room, a dreadful banging began upstairs and did not relent for several hours, rendering sleep impossible. We did not feel we could complain then, since we shouldn't really have checked in until the afternoon, but when the banging started at 8am the following morning, we rang reception. We were told that new carpets were being fitted in the hotel rooms and that each one should only take ten minutes to lay, so the banging should stop soon. After an hour, there was no sign of it stopping, so we rang reception back and were moved to another room. No sooner had we settled / unpacked and crawled back into bed (still jetlagged) than the banging started again. We rang reception again, this time all knowledge of the carpet laying was denied, and we were told that it was construction work at a nearby site, which was out of Swissotel's control! The hammering was, infact, much louder in the 2nd room, and sleep was out of the question. After much to-ing and fro-ing on the reception phones being passed from 'maintenance' to 'front desk' and eventually to a manager, we were offered a 3rd room, where the banging was much quieter and we could sleep. I realise that maintenance works are a necessary evil and inevitably some disruption will be caused, but each time we spoke to a member of staff, they had a different story and different knowledge of what was going on and we were made to feel as if we were being difficult guests. I would have thought some kind of room strategy would have been developed to minimise disruption to guests. Poor service continued when we tried to order some late night snacks from the 24 hour breakfast menu displayed in the room service menu. Apparently it's not 24 hour, despite saying so. When we did finally get an order from the menu, I wished we hadn't bothered. The continental breakfast (listed as toast, with muffins, croissants, danish and bread rolls) came comprising only 2 slices of bread and hardly enough butter to cover them. When we rang to ask where the rest was, we were told you had to specify wanting the other stuff! They then sent up a croissant wrapped in a napkin - not worth the high price we were charged for it.Ok, so they may be little things, but they're frustrating, and not the sort of thing you imagine to happen in this kind of quality hotel.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2008
<Rating>2	3	4	5	5	2	1	-1	

<Author>AngieNSW
<Content>Gorgeous hotel What an amazing hotel! We stayed at the Swissotel after reading reviews on Tripadvisor, and we were not disappointed. We stayed in a corner premier room - while it did not include breakfast (and a breakfast package for this room would be good), everything else was fantastic. The room was clean, the furnishings lovely. After coming back to the room for the evening, the bed was turned down with chocolates and water - what a nice surprise. The bathroom was spacious, with a host of toiletries to use, even a sewing kit! The hotel is located in Market Street in the centre of the CBD. The Queen Victoria Building is 2 minutes away, Myer department store below the hotel, and only a 10 minute walk to Darling Harbour - so the location is perfect. The staff were pleasant - but special credit must be given to the concierge staff who were exceptional. Happy to answer any questions, get taxis, provide maps - and all with a smile - some of the best service I have ever experienced at a hotel. Good concierge staff contribute significantly to the experience of visiting a hotel, and I cannot speak highly enough of the concierge staff at the Swissotel. All in all, a lovely hotel - when we visit Sydney, we won't be staying anywhere else!  
<Date>Sep 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>sandluc
<Content>Great value and location My wife and I travel to Sydney quite regularly and we always try to stay somewhere different (the 5 star hotel options in the CBD are huge). The Swissotel however is such good value and has such a great location (for shopping) is sometimes hard to justify other hotels. On this trip we booked a 1 bedroom suite which included breakfast and drinks in the executive club. $A314 a night gets an immaculate large room with modern fixtures (2 x flat screen TV, espresso machine, large bathroom) and good executive services. Its location is perfect for shopping and it's not far to walk to Circular Quay or the markets if required. This hotel definately doesn't have the stuffy atmosphere found at many of the other local 5 star hotels and although it isn't super luxurious, it is great value for money.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>yeemui
<Content>Great location, spoilt somewhat by poor customer service Stayed at the Swissotel Sydney for 3 days in mid August. The room was smaller than we imagined (we later found out that the twin rooms are bigger), but the bathroom was lovely and big, with separate shower and bath. What spoilt the experience was the poor hotel service. For example, on our third night, the bathroom toilet started leaking - when we reported it to housekeeping, they failed to send anyone to look at it, despite promising to do so; then, when I called back 45 min later, when it was getting late and we wanted to get the children to sleep, the hotel staff actually asked how bad exactly IS the leak?, before deciding whether they should help that night or not! All in all, we expected a lot more after reading other reviews and the hotel Web site.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	3	2	-1	

<Author>papeetee
<Content>Absolutely lovely I stayed at the Swissotel for 5 nights in July. The hotel was absolutely adorable. We have booked an executive room. Our room was very spacious, beautiful and had an amazing view from the 25th floor over the city, the Skytower and the Hyde Park. The staff was very nice, the executive lounge very cosy. They offered breakfast ( a cooking station would have made the lounge perfect) and pre dinner drinks and canapes. The lounge had free internet access, which was great. For breakfast we had the choice between the executive lounge and the main restaurant. Both were great. The location was great too, within walking distance to the main tourist attractions of the city, especially near to Darling Harbour, right above the biggest Shopping Street.. I would definitely stay there again. The hotel and the staff made us feel homey far away from home!  
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lillynewsouthwales
<Content>swissotel just perfect MY husband and I come from the mid north coast of New south Wales and had to attend a meeting in Sydney. We chose the Swissotel Sydney as it was close to public transport and it was located quite close to the venue of our meeting. We do not usually fill in questionnaires when we stay at hotels but we were so impressed with the service we received that we wanted to let them know it was very much appreciated.From the moment we arrived in the foyer we were greeted with smiles and shown to the lifts to reception. Once we arrived at the reception (we were two hours early) we were again greeted warmly there was quite a big conference going on and the girl informed us that the rooms were not ready yet but we were given a coffee and in a half an hour were in our room which was just gorgeous our bags were there also.We were given a complimentary box of chocolates and a morning newspaper without requesting it. Everytime we had to walk past the reception we were always greeted with a good day and a smile. As the meeting we were going to the next day was going to be very stressful it was so nice to be able to relax the day before in such nice surroundings. Happy hour and breakfeast was just great.We are definitely going to return and spend a couple of nights this time to enjoy the pool and the shopping (Myers Department store is in the same building) and of cause the great hospitalityThank you Swissotel Sydney.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	5	-1	5	

<Author>pjczech
<Content>All around - nice hotel We booked this hotel because Orbitz had an incredible deal. Like, $150 per night and I had a coupon code. So I figured, lets try it out. Overall, I was impressed. Location is decent and you can walk to Darling or the Quay easily. We rarely took taxis. Near lots of shopping. The pool looked nice but it was a bit cold out. The internet access was $25/24 hours and the wireless didnt work well. But they sent up a Cat5 cable and all was well. Free internet wouldve been better.Hotel has a well stocked bar with 70,000+ wine bottles. Cool deal! If this place could use anything, it would be a better area to pickup taxis and perhaps cut the internet cost. Otherwise I would recommend it  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	4	4	2	

<Author>SueinNZ
<Content>Great Location in Sydney Stayed 3 very enjoyable nights in this comfortable hotel, having obtained a good rate from Expedia. The location, very near to St James  Town Hall stations and a block from the Queen Victoria Building, was superb. Darling Harbour was just around the corner and Central Quay a 10 minute (down hill) walk, with the option of the ferry for the uphill return! The Tower next door helped me get back from wherever I ended up! The bedroom was smallish but comfortable and the bathroom was generously sized and well-equipped. Staff were pleasant and unobtrusive. I didn't eat at the hotel- there were food courts and restaurants around the corner- so can't vouch for this. Would recommend this hotel to anyone wanting a pleasant stay in the heart of the city (as opposed to on the waterfront).  
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>JenODon
<Content>Not Impressed - 5 Star I Don't Think So!!!       Executive Club Pre Dinner Food  
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	5	3	3	4	

<Author>triathelete671
<Content>Wonderful stay at Swissotel Sydney       bathroom  
<Date>Aug 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lov2getaway
<Content>Great Kids Room! We are a family of 4 (2 children aged 6  3) stayed in a interconnecting room which was the classic room and the children鈥檚 room. We have never had the opportunity to stay in a hotel that offers a kids room before so we saw this great deal on a travel show and decided to give it a try. It was fantastic the look on the kids face as we walked into the room with the jungle theme was amazing. The cost per night including breakfast was $339.00. The hotel is in a great position easy walk to darling harbour , Hyde Park and obviously the shops and buses around the corner to Circular Quay. We loved the position for it's ease of accessing everything we wanted to do on our visit to Sydney.The rooms were clean and comfortable we had no problems with our furniture or curtains being in bad condition. We were on the 12th floor and heard no city noise at all, this was by far the quietest Sydney hotel that we have stayed in. If view doesn't matter then I would recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>samgobigs
<Content>Good Service, but disappointed with rooms I stayed in the Swissotel, following reviews on this site. While the staff were efficient in the sign-in, sign-out process, I did encounter a few things that made my stay less enjoyable. The first problem was the room size. The rooms were unexpectedly small. Some websites give the swissotel 5 stars, but this is not accurate. The rooms were designed so there is just barely enough space on either side of the bed for me to move around in. When you look at the photos posted on the hotel's website, the rooms displayed are quite deceptive; the actual room looks about 2/3rd the size. The study desk is small, and cluttered with all the hotel information-related reading materials.The second problem was the bed. The mattress was uncomfortably firm, and I had a difficult time sleeping on it. It was nothing compared to the other beds used in hotels like Sheraton. (i.e. the Heavenly Beds). It took me over 2 hours to fall asleep on these beds. A third problem was the room service. If you need any items from room service (for example a toothbrush), it takes about an hour for room service to have it delivered, which I think is unusually long. So in summary, the stay was a bit on the disappointing side, and I probably would not stay in this hotel again. It is *NOT* a 5 star hotel, but more accurately, a 4 star.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>Risky_Rat
<Content>Much better options in Sydney       View of balcony - plastic chairs...very poor!  
<Date>Aug 2, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	4	2	3	3	3	

<Author>NCtraveler81
<Content>Great stay, great location All right,So I spent countless nights researching and trying to decide which hotel to stay in for my first couple of nights in Sydney, and the Swissotel did not dissapoint. The first thing that turned me to this hotel was the location. Only minutes walk from Darling Harbour and about 15 to Circular Quay, and if you are traveling to Sydney and want to shop, look no further than your own block.My first encounter with the staff through email assured me that I had chosen the right place. Two days before my arrival, I knew that I needed an extra night stay, and after 1 email, my request was completed with the same low rate that I had locked in earlier.I was even more pleased after they were able to check me in around 9AM. My flight had arrived around 6, and i wasn't sure what my wait was going to be like, but after my trip from the airport, and some breakfast, I was all set.I was traveling solo, so I didn't need a big room, but the bathroom was definately bigger than I had anticipated. I had booked the Classic Room and knew the room wasn't going to be huge.Overall, the staff was nice, and I enjoyed my stay. The two elevators thing is kind of annoying, but I just dealt with it. I'm not a picky traveler, but do want to be comfortable when I'm sleeping. I would like to say I would stay here again, but I also might want to stay in a different part of the city next time for some variety.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>yellowskyblue
<Content>Not impressed I have stayed at this hotel earlier in the year 鈥?and was impressed with the high level of service. This was the reason I chose Swissotel for my last stay in Sydney.I was very unimpressed by the level of service I (and others) received.After travelling for 11 hours, I was looking forward to a shower and a rest in a room. I arrived a little earlier than expected 鈥?and was told that my room would not be available until 2pm. As this was the advertised check-in time, I was quite happy to leave my luggage, and do some shopping in the CBD.At 230pm, I returned and was told that my room was still not available. It was at this point I noticed that there were other guests in the same situation at the Check-in desk. I was told that my room would be available in half an hour, and to return then.After exploring the CBD shops further, I returned to Check-in, only to be told that my room was still not available. Further guests were being turned away from the desk 鈥?and told to wait in the Bar, or explore the City and be contacted by mobile.After I was offered this option, I declined. At this point I was extremely exhausted 鈥?and asked to speak with a Supervisor. I was again asked if I would like to wait in the Bar or do some shopping. I explained to the Supervisor that I would prefer to wait at the Check-in Desk until a room was found.After dropping my shopping bags and luggage at my feet 鈥?a staff member went upstairs, and a room was miraculously found. The way in which the staff handled the situation was dismissive and extremely disappointing. I understand that Hotels are sometimes quite busy, but staff gave the impression that they wanted to move Guests away from the check in desk as soon as possible.The room was quite nice, and I got it for a very good rate on the Hotels Website. Breakfast was included and was very nice.The only other issue I experienced was that my room wasn鈥檛 cleaned on one day 鈥?even though I had asked for my room to be made up. I ended up catching a staff member in the corridor in the evening to have my towels replaced.I鈥檓 not as impressed as I was with my last stay. Unless the rate beats other hotels in the CBD, I will probably stay elsewhere.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	3	1	1	3	

<Author>hilash
<Content>OK but that's all We stayed at the swissotel with my 2 year old nephew for the night and booked a room with the hotel directly. While in general terms the hotel was fine, there were a couple of things that made our stay a little less enjoyable. First and foremost the bed was like a rock and both me and my husband had an extremely uncomfortable night. The second issue was that I phoned the hotel direct to ensure that we were given a room suitable for us all to stay in. The room we ended up with was not large enough. To give you some idea the usual bed had been moved (you could tell because the head board is fixed and so the bed no longer lined up) and then a single fold out had been placed in the gap between the one side of the bed and the window. There was no space floor space left between the two beds. We also had no kettle in the room.We have stayed in a wide variety of accommodation on what is a three month trip and based on what you pay this was a bit of a disappointment  
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	4	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>dnr4lyf
<Content>Great Location! I was very excited to visit Sydney for my 10 year anniversary. I worked long and hard to review hotels online. After careful review, we choose Swissotel. The hotel was okay. The location was great! Very central and close to almost everything. You are very close to Darling Harbour and about 15 min walk to Circular Quay and China Town. We stayed on the executive level but the room wasn't that big. However, the bathroom were nice and spacious. Great tub and seperate shower. Turn down service every night. Breakfast was included in my room rate and the food was pretty good. I was glad I upgraded to include breakfast. Another great thing about this hotel was that it was a block away from the Sydney Tower which is where I had reservations for my anniversary dinner. I didn't plan that, it just worked out. The beds are firm, but I hear most hotel beds are. Although we were on the 22nd floor, you could hear construction noise. Unfortunately, they started work at 6am. Remember that you are in the city so it's not going to be uber quiet. Friendly staff and conceiarge was very helpful guiding us. Gym equipment was adequate. There was about 3 treadmills, some bikes and eleptical machines. It had weights and benches too. Overall, I would recommend this hotel but if I returned to Sydney, I'd want to try a different one.Also, you have to take two lifts. The one from the street with take you to level 8 which is their lobby. Not much of a lobby though as their bar is right there so there were no chairs to really sit on. Then you take another lift to the rooms. It was annoying but it was alright. Enjoy your stay!  
<Date>Jul 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>bizotraveller
<Content>Good location woeful internet The Swissotel in the centre of Sydney's CBD is a great hotel if you want to be in the heart of the city close to all shopping and transport. Rooms are nice with large'ish bathrooms. The only problem they have is with their service provider MagiNet. On a number of occasions I have stayed at the hotel the internet has been either very very slow or not working at all. Numerous calls to their provider I get someone in India who doesn't know much at all. I troubleshoot the problem for them by identifying a DHCP server not responding. But they had no idea what I was talking about. So if you're a business traveller who needs internet access to survive, I would look elsewhere for a hotel in the city with a reliable service.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2008
<Rating>2	3	5	5	5	4	5	1	

<Author>nikhilganju
<Content>Above the Sydney tower        The Harbour bridge from the Rocks  
<Date>Jul 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>travelbeebuzz
<Content>Excellent hotel in the centre of town I stayed at Swissotel twice in a week - once at the start of my stay in Australia and once at the end. On both occasions I had a wonderful time and no complaints at all.I got a discounted rate for the Executive Club Room on the internet - and it was worth paying a bit more for a great room, good view and excellent lounge. I didn't get to sample the cocktails and canapes but the breakfasts were delicious! The staff were friendly, accommodating and helpful. On my second stay I got a room that didn't have a coffee machine (there are excellent coffee machines there and after being in the UK for the last 4 months the one thing I needed was a good coffee!) - I asked at reception if they were able to provide one - instead they gave me a much nicer room with a balcony and said coffee machine - nothing was too much trouble and all of my requests were greeted with a smile.The next time I go back to Sydney, I'll definitely choose Swissotel!  
<Date>Jun 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Ms_KP
<Content>Good hotel This is a good hotel near the shopping areas and right next door to the tower with the 360 observation platform. We had booked an executive room - the room was massive and the bed was huge! Very clean. No real complaints. The breakfasts were ok but to be honest i had expected it to be much better quality from a hotel like this. Although the hotel is nice, clean, spacious, etc. i would probably choose somehwere nearer to Sydney harbour bridge/Opera house area next time as that's where we mostly spent our evenings. It's not far from darling harbour - about an 8 minute walk. It's about a 20 minute walk to the Opera house.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	3	5	4	4	4	

<Author>blackjake
<Content>Couldn't have been more helpful The Swisshotel was our first stop on our Australian holiday. We arrived direct from Glasgow at 8am in the morning with our two small children in tow - aged 2 and 1. I had booked on the internet and got a fabulous deal for our one night stay (including breakfast) and was fully expecting to have to wait until 2pm to check in. But no, we were in our room at 8.30am. Wonderful...except I had asked on my internet booking for a room with 2 double beds rather than a king bed (so our 2 year old would have a bed). I rang down to reception. No problem to change, except the new room would not be ready till 12pm. So, they said, stay in that room and treat it as your own and when the new one is ready we will move your things for you. So we all had a shower and curled up in bed to have a sleep. While we were at lunch our things went to our new room, which was high up and had a wonderful view.The location above Myer is brilliant and you couldn't ask for anything more central. We also loved the pool and other leisure facilities. I thought the customer service was exceptional and made what could have been a miserable morning hanging about into a wonderful start to our holiday.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kjnielsen206
<Content>A great way to end a vacation The Swissotel in Sydney was our last hotel of our stay in Australia. At the time the pricing was excellent for its star ranking though I was a bit wary that its location would be noisy during the day but also far from activities. Neither was the case. The staff was really friendly, the room was very comfortable with a great view. While we don't allow our hotel stays to make or break a holiday as some who post here do, this was a very comfortable, safe and relaxing stay. One down side was that a large American church group was conferencing there and we did not want be 7500 miles from home to be surrounded by other Americans. This down side could not be help so we did not let get us down. We'd definitely recommend this hotel to our friends who travel to Australia and we'd stay there again if we get the chance to return.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>Mango53
<Content>Quality hotel - service could be a little better Booked the Endless Weekend package which i thought was great value - included perks such as a $50 myer voucher, valet parking, 4pm checkout and breakfast until 2pm (i.e. if you missed the breakfast buffet which finished at 10.30am, you can order room service - nice touch). I had high expections seeing as it is a 5* hotel and rated 5th for popularity on TripAdvisor. For reference we were looking for a romantic long weekend in a central location with good spa facilities.POSITIVESFor a 5* hotel with 5* rates the Swissotel has the usual positives. Our room was on the corner of the 22nd floor with two large windows facing the Centrepoint Tower. Clean nicely furnished rooms, clean bathrooms with plenty of toiletries - first hotel ive seen that has body gel and body scrub, wall mounted flat screen TV and a coffee machine. Swimming pool was heated and jacuzzi was strong. NEGATIVESTV - is mounted on the wall but does not extend and swivels slightly.. As we were in a corner room with 2 windows, the TV was mounted on the next wall and facing the hallway and bedside table rather then the actual bed. This could just be in the corner room though due to lack of space.Room- again maybe because it was a corner room, but our room was tiny. The armchair actually sat flush between the window and bed. Mimimal towels provided in bathroom.Parking - The hotel faces onto Market Street and does not have its own driveway/entrance. There are 6 no parking/taxi stand spots out front and my partner had to wait in the car for fear of getting booked whilst i ran in to get the concierge/porter/bellboy?? to come out and take our keys. He was quite young and i think i heard him speaking Japanese?, was very efficient and friendly I wish I took down his name. The front entrance consists of a concierge desk and 3 lifts, you need to take the lifts up to the main lobby on level 8 (i.e. the first floor available directly above Myers 7 floors). There are no signs to say checkin on 8th floor. Over the next 3 days we learnt to call for the car at least 20mins before we left the room as we were waiting on a couple of occasions and there is only 2 seats on the ground floor. Also if you return after 11pm there is no-one manning the front desk on the ground floor and you need to swipe with your room key to get in. I could see how this would be annoying if you were checking in late at night.Spa - We chose Swissotel as they have an Amrita spa and we were looking at getting several treatments over the weekend. As it was the long weekend they were naturally busy and we were booked in at 9am. As at other spas and as advised in the hotel directory we arrived 10mins early to fill out paperwork, get changed and use sauna facilities. The spa was deserted and hotel staff were vacumming the general spa/lift area. Not very tranquil. No-one turned up until just after 9am and they were slow to acknowledge us and give us robes/changeroom keys. Even if they were running late they could at least send us to the changerooms/sauna before turning on the computer etc.Breakfast - We were told upon checkin that as we have breakfast until 2pm, if we miss the JPB buffet then to order breakfast in the Crossroads bar. We went down to the bar but there was no-one attending. Went to the restaurant and the girl hurridly advised us if you missed breakfast you order room service. I asked if that meant we get charged and she said yes and walked away. By then there was a girl at the bar and we went and asked her, relaying what reception had told us yesterday and what the restaurant had just told us. She went over to the restaurant and basically said she didnt know what to do about it , can they handle it in the restaurant. By then the girl in the restaurant (Alexandria?) explained to us that they have a function in the restaurant today, to order room service, mention that we have the package and we wont be charged...if she had just said that the first time!Room service breakfast was ok, my bircher muesli looked like leftovers from the buffet - just slop and no fruit or yoghurt on the side. They forgot a few things with my partners full breakfast, e.g. the juice, the pastries but were very quick to bring them up when we rang them. Swipe cards - stopped working twice. Also you need to swipe between floors which i think is unneccessary, i.e. from the pool/spa level within the hotel. Usually you just need to swipe from the lobby access floor?We were charged for 2 days valet upon checkout when it clearly shows what package we are on however they removed it when we told them. OVerall although I have listed quite a few negatives I would stay here again minus the spa activities....its in a prime location for a shopping weekend with the girls so I understand the limited ground floor space and parking issue which in turn compounds the time it takes for them to retrieve your car offsite. But for a romantic quality stay within the same vicinity to shopping I would recommend the Westin or might try the Sheraton next time.The rest of our issues arised from wavering service levels, miscommunication and lack of communication from staff - I recently returned from an overseas trip to Asia and felt like i was back there with the same communication issues on the phone with Room Service, with the Spa and with Restaurant reception.  
<Date>Jun 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	3	-1	

<Author>WeekendWonders
<Content>Weekend Away I stayed two nights at the Swissotel Sydney and it was great. I booked on a weekend special - otherwise this hotel would be out of my price range. The weekend away was a girls weekend away so the hotel was perfect for shopping - with Myer downstairs and the Pitt St Mall. It was also a 15 minute walk to Circular Key  the Opera House, however, the weather was terrible so it was a $7 cab fare. Cockle Bay and the fabulous dining and restaurants was only 10 minute stroll. The beautiful Hyde Park only 5mins. We got from the airport to the hotel via train which was very convenient. We were able to leave our bags at the hotel in the morning before the 2pm check-in.The concierge staff were very obliging, useful and effective. The best things about this hotel were the concierge staff, the rooms (fresh and well maintained), and the location. Am staying here again. Highly recommended.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	2	4	-1	

<Author>246170
<Content>Highly Recommend       Into the bedroom  
<Date>Jun 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Shugsterhibs
<Content>Look no further for your Sydney stay If you're looking for a comfortable, central hotel then look no further. Our room was well proportioned and clean, staff went out of their way to help us and our three year old daughter. Slap bang in the middle of everything tourist wise, it's about a ten minute stroll from Circular Quay and five minutes from Darling Harbour.Can't recommend this enough!!  
<Date>May 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>extra_leg_room
<Content>Great find I stayed here on my final day in Sydney prior to a long haul flight back home. Really nice hotel, with great facilities if needed. Also perfect location for access to shops in the cbd as right in the heart of the shopping area, and only a couple of minutes walk to the bars and restaurants at the harbour.Recommended.  
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>golfEngland
<Content>Very central location, book an executive room, just that little bit more special       View from the Executive Lounge  
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	2	4	3	

<Author>izziecat
<Content>Great hotel in a great location This is a really good hotel in a fantastic location, five minutes walk to Darling Harbour, right in the middle of the shopping areas and a few minutes to the monorail.Hotel clean and comfortable. We had access to the executive lounge which was well worth the extra. Nice nibbles and free drinks for a couple of hours each evening and good breakfast. Staff working in the lounge were so polite and helpful. Would stay here again.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	5	4	

<Author>CrazyCat18
<Content>Wonderful!!! This was not our first time to Sydney, but it was our first time at this hotel. We had high expectation for this hotel (for the money we paid) and all expectations were certainly met!! We stayed on the executive club floor and had access to the lounge every day. The hotel was clean, in a great location and all staff we very friendly. We had a wonderful stay and would glady return!!  
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>spannatraveller
<Content>Overpriced and shocking service We stayed at the Swissotel Sydney for 5 nights this April as part of a month long honeymoon trip around Australia and it was by far the worst hotel in terms of value, service and overall experience during the whole trip.Positives - large nicely fitted bathrooms, excellent location, helpful concierge staffNegatives - terrible housekeeping - evidence only of bedmaking and towel changes only (examples brought to the attention of Pamela - duty manager of same toothpaste stain by sink for whole duration of trip, bathroom floor clearly not mopped, used wine glasses and cups not cleared away, amenities not replaced...overflowing sanitary bins in lobby toilets, leaking ceiling in the gym dripping onto the crosstrainer...the list goes on) overpriced additional services eg. internet and laundry more than double that of any other hotel during our stay, appalling breakfast staff eg. having to remind them to replenish bread/cheese/pastries as the buffet plates were regularly left empty.Disappontingly, even after raising our concerns with the duty manager, the toothpaste stain by the sink and dirty cups remained until the end of the trip demonstrating Swissotel in Sydney can't even get the basics of hospitality right.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>1	2	2	2	1	2	1	1	

<Author>nbydeley
<Content>Excellent hotel! We stayed here for 3 nights and absolutely loved this hotel! Location was superb, you're right in the middle of everything and could easily walk to Darling Harbour and the main train station. Staff was very friendly, although there was mixups with the breakfast as to whether it was included or not. Upon check-in, we were told it was, but the next morning, they had no record of our name and the front desk was not able to determine whether it was free or not. This seems to happen a lot in Sydney hotels, so double check beforehand! There are plenty of cafes open outside tho, so we had breakfast at the lovely Strand and Queen Vic buildings - much better! Would definitely recommend staying here and would come again - thanks!  
<Date>Apr 17, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Tess01
<Content>Still good Having stayed at this hotel 2 years ago, I knew what to expect. The location is brilliant for both shopping and sightseeing. You are right in the center city with all the shops, a 10 minute easy walk to Darling Harbour, 15 minutes to Circular Quay, and Hyde Park (which has bus stops with routes that can take you almost anywhere) is just around the corner. The trip up to your room - from street level to the 8th floor in one set of elevators and then across the lobby to the hotel elevators to take you to your hotel floor - gets fairly tiresome I must say, when you do it a few times a day! But the rooms are of good size, the beds very firm but comfortable and the bathrooms are large and surprisingly almost opulent. I was bothered also with key cards failing to work. We were also put in a room which overlooked a building site. I was a bit miffed that we had to ask to be moved due to noise (after the third night listening to diggers and pile drivers going all night), and we were given a quieter room. Why didn't the hotel do this first, since the rooms were vacant? Our extended family group had 5 rooms, but none of them had a view - it would have been nice to be given one. Still, it is a good hotel, in an excellent location.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>Cleggy
<Content>End of a wonderful Honeymoon At the end of our month long honeymoon we stayed in Swissotel in sydney. Brilliant location near the shops. Very clean nice big rooms. Great views over the city. The mall beside has a great food court great place for lunch.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>limerickonline
<Content>Excellent Location, Worth Every Penny!!!       Standard Double Room  
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Fi_07
<Content>A very enjoyable experience I normally save my reviews for small independent hotels and guest houses but I felt compelled to write a review of our stay at the Swissotel in response to some of the negative reviews I have read about the place.Our stay wasn't perfect but the problems we encountered were put right without us having to complain. We arrived half an hour before our check-in time and were advised that our room wouldn't be ready for an hour. Obviously, this was a little annoying especially when they didn't call us after an hour and when we called them we were told the room still wasn't ready. When we did eventually check-in about an hour and a half after the advised check-in time we were automatically given an upgrade to a Junior Suite. I agree that not having the room ready does not give a good first impression but the quality of the upgrade was more than sufficient compensation.I thought the room was fantastic with views on 3 sides. It was incredibly spacious, clean and well-equipped. Two toilets and two huge flat-screen TVs. I don't know what more anyone could ask for. Contrary to what others have said there were plenty of towels throughout our stay and plenty of reading material about Sydney in the room. I don't know these elements differ between the types of room. We also had a problem where one of the porters dropped a wine bag containing two bottles of wine which we had bought in The Hunter Valley for a friend's wedding. They were very apologetic and were successful in replacing the wine with the same and better wine from the same vineyard.I do think there is a lack of consistency in the service provided by staff though. It is unfair to say all of the staff were unhelpful as some were helpful beyond the call of duty. This was particularly true of one of the Concierges who could not have been more helpful in assisting us with getting our hire car back to Avis. I wish I could remember his name.We did have a further problem with booking a taxi with another Concierge. We booked it for the Friday evening at 1800 and when we went to get it a different Concierge told us that taxis never turn up on a Friday during rush hour so there was no point booking So again, this suggests a lack of consistency amongst the staff.Despite our problems, I would still recommend this hotel for the central location and the standard of the rooms.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	3	3	4	

<Author>alchemist3136
<Content>Expensive but worth it At $260 per night, a corner premier room is almost double what I like to pay for hotels. This room was worth it. Very clean, very spacious, very comfortable, and excellent views of the city. The bathroom alone was almost as big as my kitchen. Very nice pool area. Courteous staff. Very convenient location. Walking distance to the aquarium, the sydney tower, the bridge and the botanical gardens. Tons of shops and restaurants nearby. A short 20 min cab ride to Bondi Beach. Expect a cab to cost $40-$50 to the airport, and about $30 to bondi beach.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	4	

<Author>wategos
<Content>Riddled with problems Stayed from 27th to 30th March, 2008. Totally agree with the comments made by Astropoeia/Singapore. This is a beautiful hotel and it is not the first time we have stayed here. Something appears to have happened since our last visit, to sum it up, the staffs attitude leaves a lot to be desired, they refuse to make eye contact to the point of rudeness, where every request is treated like a chore, in fact it is all too hard. From the moment of checking in and advised that our room was not ready due to it being really dirty yuk. We waited for over an hour. To the non functioning internet. Although we were upgraded which was appreciated, the room was lovely. But over the three days of our visit we were not acknowledged, as a guest, in any way entering or passing through common area's by any staff. We have recently returned from Singapore, where their customer service skills are honed to perfection. Please Swissotell, Sydney, lift your act  
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	4	4	1	1	2	

<Author>RichieCMontreal
<Content>Great Value for a very good hotel I am staying at the Swissotel Sydney as I write this. I am overlooking the city from my view on the 24th floor. The rooms are very clean and well furnished with usable and comfortable furnishings. The location is top notch and right in the heart of everything. A wide range of shopping is right out the door of the hotel and beautiful Darling harbor with all of it's restaurants is a short 3 minute walk straight down market street.The service is top notch, check in was flawless. Upon checking in I was told that my room was not ready. After explaining that I had just traveled 23 hours the agent at the front desk worked diligently to find me a temporary room until mine was ready. She called 15 minutes later to tell me that my permanent room was ready and a bellman was at my door within 4 minutes to help me with my luggage and deliver the new room keys. Housekeeping is excellent as well, the room is spotless and turn down service was prompt and efficient. I am staying on the executive floor which is great value, the lounge is very nice and well equipped and the free breakfast is very comprehensive. In particular the constant availbility of beverages is very welcome. For a mere $20AUD more it is certainly worth it.I checked out the pool and health club facilities and they are both top notch as well.To sum up the hotel is very up to date and clean and offers great value for anyone traveling to Sydney. I travel more the 400,000 miles a year and spend many nights in hotels and this hotel certainly offers as good if not better value then anywhere I have stayed.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>astropoeia
<Content>Horrible, incorrigible, the worst experience ever! Me and my colleagues were holding a event at Swissotel over the weekend and stayed in their club rooms.The experience has been so terrible I don't know where to start.First from the check-in. We were told early check-in at 8am was available a day before we arrived and when we arrived, we were told that there are no rooms available after lunch. The worst thing was I saw them checking in another couple to the club room and when asked, they said they had no king rooms, only twin rooms. But my colleague had booked a twin room! Next, we had boxes of collaterals that we had left with the hotel. On Monday morning, they told us they couldn't find it. This meant that we had to go for our meetings without the collaterals. On the same day, DHL delivered 3 more boxes to us. The hotel staff could only find box 1 and could not find the other 3 boxes. Concierge and reception just kept pushing us to the other section and the boxes were only found the next morning!Now to the rooms, our keys had to be changed so many times because they were not working. My key had to be changed a total of 5 times! And when I went into the room in the evening, the carpet was soaked wet at the area inside the door. And the best part of it all was that when we complained to their operations manager on duty, all he could say was we apologise and we'll look into it in a most nonchalent manner without offering to make any form of compensation. We totally can't believe the attitude of this hotel especially when we're giving them business in the form of a conference and guests who booked the hotel due to the conference.We're not unreasonable people and we can understand that sometimes there are slip-ups. But the bad attitude of the staff and manager is completely inexcusable.This is absolutely the worst experience I've ever had with a hotel and they can be sure we're never going back. For the price you pay, I suggest you go over to other hotels within the vacinity that would most probably be tons better than this!  
<Date>Mar 11, 2008
<Rating>1	1	4	4	4	1	1	1	

<Author>kiwi_dotcomguy
<Content>Without A Doubt, The Best ... I can only rave about Swissotel - Sydney ... I'm a regular traveller from Auckland, New Zealand to Sydney and have stayed in my fair share of hotels over the years, most are average and have limited views. We're currently staying in the Premier Corner room (1620) and have outstanding views over Darling Harbour and beyond. The service is A1, staff weren't rude and room amenities were the best. We had a faulty bedside lamp and this was replaced in five minutes. Someone commented about the lack of towels, which is true but I suspect is because the hotel is doing their bit to minimise what is washed as Sydney has a water shortage issue - I've got no problems with this. If you can, purchase an Entertainment Publication - Sydney edition ((--)) you'll save heaps on eating out, I've purchased these for the last six years and always get a healthy return on them. Only negative would be the hard bed if you're a person that prefers soft mattresses - Wasn't a problem for me in this area. Location wise you couldn't ask for any better - Right in the CBD amongst all major shops and close to cinemas, bars and transport. As for my booking I did this online and about two months in advance, not only to get a good deal but also because Swissotel I'm told by staff is very popular.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>LondonJac
<Content>Dull Dull Dull What can I say the hotel was very very DULL indeed. Certainly not a 5* star hotel. Although the hotel has a great location - if all you want to do is shop. The hotel lacks any personality at all. In fact I would say that the hotel is missing something - it felt cold and clinical. The rooms are very clean but basic. The bathrooms are large and functional. The lack of towels (1 per person), changed under duress. The only reading matter in the room was a TV Guide - no Where magazine or map.The front desk staff where efficient - very Swiss but with little or no personality. As for the concierge every request was a chore. As we were there for a week it was a bit of a lottery which one of us asked the question - the loser had to ask.Not a hotel I would return to.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	4	3	2	2	

<Author>cdryden
<Content>Loved It! Hello! I stayed in Swissotel in October for a business trip. This was our second stay there, as we stayed there two years previous on our honeymoon. It was MUCH better this time around. However, I just found out they are partners w/my travel points for air miles and I want to add the miles!!!! Must get in touch w/these folks! Good work Guys! Our stay was great!  
<Date>Mar 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>samjoy123
<Content>Faultless - One of the best hotels I've stayed in for a long time! Well what can I say and where to begin. I stayed in this hotel for four nights at the end of February 2008 and couldn't fault the place. The only weird thing was the entrance and lobby being on separate floors but you get used to this!I hadn't even got out of my taxi when a porter miraculously appeared and took my bags. This was the start of a service which was to continue to the end of my stay.I'll keep this review brief but the rooms were spacious with everything you could possibly want. All the usual things you expect in a hotel of this calibre together with an iron and ironing board, If indeed you did need anything further then a quick phone call is all that is needed.I couldn't fault a thing in this hotel and would definitely return. The only disappointment was having to leave (which incidentally check out was as flawless as the check in) and embark on the next step of my trip.Hope everyone enjoys this hotel as much as I did.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Panguin
<Content>Not as enthusiastic I stayed here a week on a business trip so my review is moderated by the fact that I saw more than most visitors.The hotel has Singapore Airlines as a customer so it would be of a reasonable standard.LOCATION:It is true that the hotel is fairly well located--10 minutes brisk walk (no way can you make it in 5 as someone claimed, and I am a brisk walker--you can feel the breeze I create when I pass you) to the Darling Harbour.There is also a foodcourt below the hotel after you walk out of the building.But the hotel is on a one-way street with no proper driveway space outside the hotel--you park under the monorail, get out on the wrong side of the road, and then get to the hotel. So the bus makes a detour every time in heavy traffic to get to the hotel.Most of the shops around the hotel close at 6.30 pm. As do most restaurants except for a Japanese one with reasonable food but poor service.ROOM:The room is very comfortable indeed. I was hoping for a water view but alas, I was not that fortunate.Possibly the only complaint is that the alarm clock was difficult to set and I'm pretty good at such things. So I resorted to calling the operator for a 5 am call.HOTEL SERVICES:I had the same identical breakfast for the week. Somehow, that is tolerable at home but not in a hotel. I'm surprised at this weak spot given that the food in Australia is fresh and relatively cheap compared with Singapore.A strange phenomenon is that I had to ask for a teaspoon for my coffee every morning. It's somehow the protocol--don't put on a teaspoon unless they ask. The gym is all right although I would not describe it as state of the art. There is a tiny pool.WEAK SPOT:The wired broadband is not cheap. I had the day rate of $24.99. I was told that after 4 days, it would be rounded up to the weekly rate of $99.99. Before checking out, I found that the hotel had billed me everyday at $24.99 a day. I clarified with the reception and they said, ok, we will bill you for four days. But the following day when my colleague went to pay, it was back to $24.99x7. That got sorted but I wonder what would have happened had I not raised the issue.The hotel shares the building with apartments. So everyday, it was: get to Floor 8, walk across the lobby, and then insert card to get to desired floor. It's a bit of a hassle when you are tired at the end of the day.My self-closing door could not close properly and I was not aware of it the first day so it was ajar for much of the time I was out that day. I had to slam the door each time I left. It took 5 days of me nagging the chambermaid to get that fixed.CONCLUSIONSo I won't rave about this hotel. It's not a bad hotel. But in all probability, I would ok it for a friend but I myself would probably not stay there. There must be more beautiful hotels in one of my favourite world cities, Sydney.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	2	3	5	

<Author>Yully
<Content>everthing around it We have stayed this hotel just one night for experience since I have read nice review for it here, trip adviser. It was absolute right. You can go any shop or store in Sydney very easily. View from room is superb and excellent because all rooms are on high floor in this building. We enjoyed night view especially with Sydney harbor. Bath room and Bed is nice. People in hotel is friendly and well organized. It was best deal for us to stay here with promotion rate. We would like to stay here again.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>expectant customer
<Content>Very good value Great central location in Market Street. Lobby is on the 8th floor, nice breakfast room that has a good selection of fresh fruit, pastry, assorted cooked items all of super quality. Room 2201 is comfortable, good views. Fun to have a bath looking out of the window over Darling Harbour. Comfortable bed, quiet room so a good nights sleep. The pool is on the outside, nice and modern, attractive although sun only gets to it at certain times of the day. Executive level lounge on floor 24, good views and nice breakfast or compo drinks and snacks - you can just about get enough to make a free dinner up there.All in all, great value. Choose it  
<Date>Feb 27, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>CSRC
<Content>Excellent value Stayed in a 22nd floor junior suite with balcony and executive lounge access for an excellent rate of AUD258 per night. This is the cheapest room rate for other hotels of a similar standard in Sydney, so to get a balcony suite and lounge access was quite incredible value. The bedroom was very large, with a small living room attached (with both a normal mini-bar and a large wine fridge). Flat screens in both the living room and the bedroom. The main bathroom was very large with great views, and there was an additional toilet. The balcony gave great views over Darling Harbour and the city and was a real bonus in a city with few hotel balconies. The bed was firm and, although it didn't impede sleep, the oddly hard pillows did to some extent.The executive lounge provided a very acceptable breakfast, soft drinks throughout the day and self-serve canapes and drinks in the evening. It was actually a bit more atmospheric than most hotel executive lounges. The outdoor pool area was lovely, although much improved on weekdays when the throngs had checked out. A nice jacuzzi, steam room and sauna and an average gym are also on the pool level.I have to say I never expected to find value like this in Sydney. The Swissotel is not as plush as properties like the Radisson, but it is very comfortable and spacious, and the value cannot be beaten. Will definitely stay again.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>rabbitEdinburgh
<Content>First class Stayed here for 4 nights at the start of a 5 week trip in Australia. Hotel is very central which makes it convenient for all the attractions Sydney has to offer. Room a very good size. Breakfast was first class and really set you up for the day. Staff all very pleasant. I would give this hotel 10 out of 10. Definitely worth the money and I would certainly stay here again.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>HoosierTim
<Content>Great place to stay       Swissotel taken from Center Point Tower  
<Date>Jan 16, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Sara180
<Content>Superb! First Class! My boyfriend and I stayed at the Swissotel for 2 nights just before Christmas of 07. First of all, the location of this hotel is great, its only a 5-10 mins walk to Darling Harbour, which is one of the loveliest places to eat in Sydney and also not too far from Circular Quay. From the moment we stepped in the door, we received a great service. We were greeted on the ground floor by the porters who gratefully took our bags and told us to take the lift up to Reception. A few days later, they also helped us to find a restaurant we had been looking for, they rang a directory serviceand got the address and then showed us the location on a map. The reception area was spacious and airey and the reception team themselves were extremely helpful, friendly and charming. They provided us with a map of Sydney, which we found to be invaluable and when we did not have our towels replaced in our room they made sure this was rectified straight away. The room was just gorgeous! It has a King size bed with several pillows and cushions. There was a big window in which we had a good view of the city, especially at night and the tv was a flat screen and mounted on the wall. The bathroom was also fantastic! It was very big and had a large shower cubicle and also a seperate bath under the window. The room had a lovely modern and luxurious feel. The hotel also has an outdoor pool, which was great. There were plenty of loungers and it was a very good size and they provided us with towels. Overall, I could not fault this hotel. It definitely lives up to its 4and a half to 5 * rating and is a cut above the rest. I would definitely suggest shopping around for the price as I managed to get a great deal with Expedia.  
<Date>Jan 12, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JulzE
<Content>A perfect spot for shoppers and movie lovers This was our second stay at the Swissotel. This time I had myself and two teenage girls. I chose the hotel because of the location: perfectly adjacent to shops and movie theatres so the girls could pop out on their own and experience some freedom without getting lost. The other advantage is its proximity to the townhall railway station and the monorail station ( a few blocks walk from each along busy (safe) shopping streets or through underground malls).The rooms are spacious and well appointed. I did have to ask for an extra towel for our third guest, but two additional towels were provided with promptness and courtesy.The room is quiet, and we had a good view of the Centrepoint tower and the Pitt St Mall. The pool is very nice, and always a good facility if travelling with children.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Tallhorse
<Content>All in all, superlative We stayed a total of four nights, including New Year's Eve. The room was spotless, the bed excellent, the bathroom large and clean with separate tub and shower. The pool on the 10th floor was exceptionally clean and pleasant. As others have mentioned, the entrance is a bit odd. You enter off Market Street between entrances to Myer's Department Store, then take an elevator to the 8th floor. But no matter. Book directly from the Swissotel website for the best prices.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>avevers
<Content>Excellent central location. Shopaholics will love it. Excellent reception area, excellent separate bath and shower cubicle. Clean everywhere, Bose hifi radio, big tv and Nespesso machine added to the comfort. Good staff, great breakfast (excellent range of food to choose from), great stay. Recommended.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>seetheworld38
<Content>Good location A good hotel locationwise if you are going to Sydney for shopping. Around the corner from Pitt street Mall and across the road from QVB. It is worth checking the hotel website for good deals. Two mild criticisms (1) the hotel entry is odd as you need to take a lift to 8th floor reception and then another lift to your room. (2) On departure there was a charge for the use of the in room bar which I had not used (the staff had not checked the bar before I arrived ?). However reception had no hesitation in deleting the charge when I objected. Hotel staff cheerful and attentive. Good swimming pool. I enjoyed the stay.  
<Date>Dec 26, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kawalla
<Content>Make it your first choice for a stay in Sydney I regularly stay at the Swissotel for work purposes, I have stayed at most of the major hotels in Sydney some good some terrible. The Swissotel is always my first choice to stay, whatever they do it seems to be smooth and easy with no hassles.I stayed once and the aircon did not work, no hassle they upgraded me next stay at no extra cost.So what would I say if asked about the Swissotel.Make it your first choice for a stay in Sydney  
<Date>Dec 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BGDC
<Content>Beautiful hotel with helpful staff The Swissotel is a beautiful, modern hotel in the heart of Sydney's shopping district. The rooms are well appointed, comfortable and clean with up-to-date bathrooms. We had a couple of minor problems with the room (heat wasn't working correctly and the safe wouldn't work), but both times the excellent staff came up and fixed the problems immediately and cheerfully. You have to take an elevator up to the lobby since the building also contains an apartment building, but once up there you see the beauty of the place. We were able to get a great rate that included the breakfast buffet, which was good and featured lots of Australian and Asian choices. We didn't eat lunch or dinner in the restaurant, so I can't speak to the quality at other times, but it is pricey, as is all the food in Sydney. The hotel is right in the center of hundreds of stores, so if you like shopping you're in the right place. It is a short walk to Darling Harbour, but if you plan to go to Circular Quay and the Rocks frequently as we did, it's a good 20 minute or so walk, which was not a problem for us. It's a nice walk past stores and attractions, and good exercise too. There are buses and cabs if you prefer. Overall a great place to stay for the money compared to some of the other hotels closer to the Rocks.  
<Date>Dec 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>krusty6375
<Content>Very good location Just back from my honeymoon to Sydney  Thailand. Stayed here for 7 nights. Location was excellent, very central to everything. Room was very nice. Clean with huge king size bed. I had emailed the hotel to check they had received my booking and advised them we were on honeymoon. They upgraded us into an executive room (did not get to use the executive suite tho).Staff were helpful and professional, breakfast was very very good, lots of choice. Would def recommend this hotel to anyone.I booked this hotel through Expedia, got a very good rate. Cost us 拢670 for 7 nights which is a very good price for the city centre of Sydney. Would def stay here again on my nexy visit to Sydney.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>globetouristSydney
<Content>A great location with great service at a fantastic price I stayed at the Swissotel Sydney as I was looking for accommodation for a friends birthday party in the city, and found this hotel at a great rate for a Saturday night stay.Arrived at the property only to find my room wasn't yet avaliable, despite it being after the stated 2PM check-in time, however the friendly receptionist placed me in the priority list for a clean room, and this was soon avaliable for me within 30 minutes. My request for a Double-Double room and a non smoking room were also provided for.The biggest surprise was the room I recieved. I amsure is the largest room that I have probably ever stayed in of any hotel in Sydney. The room featured two double beds, a large writing desk, wall mounted LCD television with cable channels, and a large bathroom with seperate shower and bath, and this was all for the rate of $210.00 for a Saturday night in Sydney, what fantastic value!Overall, this is a hotel with a great location, FANTASTIC value and great service. Would not hesistate to recommend it to anyone for any purpose, will definately be staying again when I am in Sydney.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>AliT73
<Content>Womderful hotel in fantasic location! I spent 4 nights in the Swissotel with my Mum, and we were extremely impressed;We were initially given the wrong type of room, but this situation was quickly resolved and we were given a HUGE room with 2 very comfortable doubles on the 22nd floor. The Sydney Tower was just outside the window, but we had a great view of the city and even a glimpse of the bay!The bathroom was spotless and large with a bath AND shower. The room was very clean, quiet and comfy - perfect for getting over jetlag!The breakfasts were a feast, with friendly and attentive service.The location is also fantasic - right above the Meyer department store and in the heart of the main shopping centre. Darling harbour and circular quay are only a short walk away, and train stations, monorail and ferries are close by too.There is even an oustide pool on the 10th floor - not the quietest or most restful place, but great for a sunny dip!We paid 拢90 for our room with breakfast per night, and thoroughly enjoyed our stay - a bargain.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>gabby
<Content>fantastic stay ! have recently spent a fantastic week at the swissotel and can highly recomend it to all ! it is a very centrally located hotel , in the heart of the city , around the corner from the queen victoria building , and the pitt street mall .it's about a 15 min walk to the harbour and the rocks . it's also well served by 2 nearby underground stations ( st james  town hall ) .our room was a large and bright twin room on the 17th floor , with a hugh bathroom , with seperate shower cubicle and bath tub . the room , and indeed hotel was spotlessly clean . we had an inclusive breakfast each day , there was an excellent choice of hot and cold items , as well as a chef on hand to fry eggs , cook fresh to order omlettes etc .the staff were all very freindly and helpful . concierege is located at the ground floor entrance , were there were always at least 2 or 3 staff on duty . reception is located on the 8th floor , so it is a trip in 2 lifts up to the room's .this is a very good 4/5 star hotel and i would return tomorrow !  
<Date>Nov 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Bingleypeabs
<Content>Comfortable and Good Service at Swissotel       Our 25th Floor Room - 1  
<Date>Nov 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>gavin117
<Content>Loved it we stayed for 5 nights in the swissotel sydney. It is a great hotel with a great location. Town hall station in a 5 minute walk, St James station is about 3 mins away. If there are two or more people it is probably cheaper to get a taxi from the airport. Our room was massive, modern and spotlessly clean.the only downside was having paid the hotel bill in full before our arrival, the reception proceeded to charge my credit card again. This was a major inconvience as we were at the end of our 3 week holiday and my credit card was near it's limit. The problem was eventually sorted after a few days but it prevented me from using my card during this time. Although helpful, I didn't even get an apology from the staff!  
<Date>Nov 8, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>frappeo
<Content>Centrally located hotel with cosy rooms Swissotel is located in the heart of the shopping district next to the Sydney Tower. From the airport, I took the train to the Town Hall Station but the taxis I hailed refused to take me to the hotel presumably because of the short distance. It took me a while to locate the hotel entrance. A walk across Myers Department Store led me to the elevators which took me up to the front desk. Check in was done in ten minutes - five minutes waiting for my turn (it was nearly 7pm) and five minutes for the usual check in routine.My room, somewhat smaller than what I had expected, was cosy and inviting with wood panelling and furniture, and a wall mounted flat screen TV. I had expected picture windows but found apartment-type windows from which I could see all the hotel's neighbouring buildings (a bit too close for comfort). I liked the kimonos and the nifty coffee maker, but could not help comparing Swissotel Sydney with its sister hotels in Bangkok and Singapore whose rooms are much more spacious and had nice city views. Location-wise, Swissotel Sydney is like Swissotel The Stamford in Singapore, with shopping in the same complex but the latter's rooms all come with balconies with full length sliding glass doors, better equipped meeting rooms, an in-house convention centre and the subway at its basement. However, Swissotel Sydney has newer rooms/furniture and is just one block away from the monorail which serves the city centre. Both Swissotel Sydney and Swissotel Nai Lert Park (in Bangkok) appear to have been recently renovated but in terms of service, the latter stands out with its bellhops ever ready to lend a helping hand with luggage and hailing taxis, and smiling and helpful reception staff. Swissotel Sydney's staff were courteous and efficient but seemed to lack the X factor in making guests feel right at home. I think Swissotel Sydney suits the leisure traveller more than the business traveller. Broadband speeds are excellent but the meetign rooms while ok are not impressive; to reach the business district or the convention centre, one would still need to cab it or walk to the train station and monorail respectively. For shoppers with spare cash to splurge on nice hotels, Swissotel Sydney is a good base to drop off shopping bags before continuing with more retail therapy. It is also within walking distance to Hyde Park if one needs a respite from the city bustle, and Darling Harbour, with its watering holes can be reached on foot or via the monorail.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>dublin_boy
<Content>Plush and pleasant Had a 2 night stay here on a holiday trip. The location is centainly central for the shopping and business districts but is a bit dead at night-time. We ended up dining in other parts of town both evenings. Also the pool area is overshadowed by buildings in the morning so my plans to catch an hour of sun before breakfast were thwarted! Luckily the pool water is well heated. In contrast to other reviewers we found the bed really comfortable. The staff were amongst the most helpful and efficient I have ever come across in a hotel.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Luc032
<Content>2 Star Hotel at 5 Star prices I hesitated for a long time before deciding to write this review mostly because my opinion was so different than everybody else .I had a 2 night stay (22-24 Sept) before flying back to Canada so I decided to give this hotel a try , based on the good reviews it had gotten on this site . I was extremely disappointed .It is described (on their web-site) as a 5-star property with Luxurious standard room . My room (# 1801) was far from luxurious with none of the amenities that one would expect from a 5 star hotel . I had :1 bed (hard as a rock as noted in a recent review) with 3 cheap hard rubber pillows2 chairs1 cheap table1 cheap wall unit , with a small TVand that's it for the room . 赂It was clean but very basic , just the kind of room one would get at an Ibis (or any other budget chain) .No newspaperNo fruit (as mentionned in another review)No bathrobe (as mentionned on their web-site)Not even a local guide/map , most hotels usually have themAlso , I had asked for a quiet room and was given a room next to the ice machine , the service elevators and across the corridor from the guest elevators .I asked that management contact me so we could discuss the situation , no one did .I wrote a letter to the general Manager on the 24th of September , I have yet to receive his answer .Overall , not a good experience.Luc  
<Date>Oct 15, 2007
<Rating>2	1	2	4	3	3	2	-1	

<Author>serialweekenders
<Content>great - clean, efficient  modern and stylish hotel. staff efficient and friendly. rooms were of good quality with great views and comfortable beds!Breakfast pricey and disappointing.All in all a good business hotel.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	1	

<Author>Tribe1920
<Content>Overpriced, but nice. We stayed at the Swissotel for four nights on our honeymoon in late September 2007. The hotel is very nice - the public spaces are beautiful, the workout room is very nice, and pool is great. The rooms are nice, but please be forewarned: The beds are as hard as a rock. I would honestly say that the bed was the least comfortable hotel bed that I have ever slept in. The view from our room was great - we looked out over the Sydney tower and one of the city's many parks. We tried the breakfast buffet one morning - it was grossly overpriced. The quality was average, but the price was anything but average. I would skip the restaurant and the bar and find places that are a better value. (Actually, the food court next to the hotel has a great place for freshly squeezed fruit juice and there is another stand with decent muffins/breakfast breads.)  
<Date>Oct 12, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>endleslove
<Content>Greate Time Mostly i travel alot for work and i stayed almost every Swissotel in Europe that is also same standards of any swissotel in the world it was comfortable nice and relaxing holiday for me  
<Date>Oct 11, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>worldtrippersLondon
<Content>great location       The hotel from the Skytower  
<Date>Oct 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DontGo4_2ndBest
<Content>Lots of little Pluses..well worth the money       View of Hyde Park  
<Date>Oct 1, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	4	5	1	

<Author>Adnansamir
<Content>What a Beauty !!! Stayed in the Swissotel in Feb. The hotel is just at a fantastic location. Its walking distance to Darling harbour, Sydney Tower, Showboat Dinner cruise departure centre etc. Bridge climb centre i also very close by though not walking distance. The shower is the best i could get in sydney and also the rooms are very spacious. Staff very helpful as well. Breakfast was wonderful. All in all a very good hotel for the price.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>bistomtom
<Content>Love it       bathroom  
<Date>Sep 13, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>5travellinghackmans
<Content>Great location, great service, We will be back My husband and I had a get away from the kids for 2 nights and stayed on the executive floor to take advantage of the buffet breakfast and nightly 2 hours of canapes and drinks.  From the moment we arrived the staff were fantastic and our room was very nice. The hotel is very centrally located but the rooms are not at all noisy. The breakfast is very nice, all self serve and everything you need. Nightly canapes were ok but a little more variety would have been nice, again all self serve. We will stay again for sure  
<Date>Aug 23, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Dubphile
<Content>Great views Stayed here for three nights on one of the higher floors. View was amazing of the skytower and beyond. Room was lovely, very clean and modern. Location was fantastic; near to the train station (for handy access from the airport) and in the middle of the main shopping area. There was a large variety of pastries, meats, fruit to choose from for breakfast - with European and Japanese tastes catered for.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>noonie
<Content>A good choice We really enjoyed this hotel, particularly for the location, the good facilities and the bright and airy rooms. I would hesitate to call the place 5 stars as it is not, but a solid 4 stars no doubt.We found breakfast to be very good, albeit very busy at weekends, plus the pool area is nice (but cold in June!).The staff were generally very friendly and the concierge very helpful and attentive, as were the breakfast staff.Our room was slightly higher than standard (I forget the description) but was of a good size with nice toiletries and a good shower, and a comfortable bed.All in all, I would stay here again for business or pleasure in Sydney  
<Date>Aug 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>uksunLV
<Content>Good location, great breakfast. Great position, walking distance to both harbours. Good breakfast although not cheap. Not sure I would call it 5 star but it was light airy and good sized rooms. All clean with friendly staff. Close to all the shopping.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	2	3	3	

<Author>BGHNB
<Content>Excellent city centre hotel My wife and I both thought this is one of the best city centre hotels we have ever stayed in. Great location right in the centre of town just of George Street and opposite the Queen Victoria Building (QVB). Darling Bay 10-15 min walkThe Harbour Bridge (The Rocks) 25-35 min walkTown Hall 6-7 min walkDeluxe Rooms are excellent, (if possible ask for room 20 on any of the floors - it's the only one with a balcony). Plenty of space and well furnished. Bathrooms are also well equipped.Breakfast, served in the main restaurant, is first class, with a selection from a wide range of cold and hot buffets.Gym is okay, if a little small approximately 5 running and x-training machines. I understand from my wife that the spa facilities are very good.If other Swissotels are this good I will definitely be using them in the future.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>KiwiLeo
<Content>great suite! We stayed here on our honeymoon for 3 nights. We arrived after an early flight from NZ and were aware that our room would not be ready until the afternoon. Wewere able to use the spa facilities to change . . . however, after only 30 mins our room was ready! Also, my husband went to arrange some champagne for the first night of our honeymoon, and the hotel immediately upgraded us to a suite on the top floor, which was fantastic. The hotel is in a great location, it has great services and very friendly and helpful staff.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>voguish
<Content>Excellent My friends and I, all teenage students, booked 2 rooms at Swissotel this June and had the most fantastic stay. The staff was very friendly, the rooms were great and the location was just wow. The Townhall Cityrail station is just a few minute's walk away, the Monorail station is even closer, awesome malls are just on the doorstep, and many major attractions are within walking distant (the Rocks and Darling Harbour). The only thing that I wasn't entirely satisfied with was the breakfast. It was fine, but not great- well, I guess that's because it's free.We'd like to thank a member of the staff at the concierge. Our taxi ran late on the day we left because of the traffic, and we really appreciated the fact that he truly made an effort to ensure that we could leave as soon as possible. We didn't quite catch his name, but Swissotel should be proud that they have such dedicated staff.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Debbie007
<Content>Excellent hotel and great location We booked this hotel for a weeks holiday based on the reviews from this website and we were not disappointed. This is an excellent hotel, and I can find nothing to complain about. The staff were always extremely helpful and the hotel is of a high standard. We stayed on an executive floor, which had lovely views and a luxary room and a very large bathroom. We had access to the executive lounge, so able to have breakfast there and free drinks all day.If anyone is considering staying here, I would strongly recommend this hotel. The location is very close to Darling Habour which has lovely restaurants and bars.Nice touches included night turn down service, complimentary fruit and water, electronic 'do not disturb' sign and bose sound system. The outdoor pool was also large (but bit cold in June!) and there was a small gym.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Tracie58712
<Content>Nice Stay My husband and I recently stayed for three nights at this hotel. Our flight into Sydney arrived early (9:30 a.m.) and even though check-in isn't until later in the day, we were able to get into our room early, which was a huge surprise!The room is large, although in my opinion lacking any type of special decor. Drab is the word I'd use to describe it. The bed was nice... a bit harder than we were used to, though! The bathroom was huge and very nice, and the sound from the TV coming into the bathroom was pretty cool! Breakfast in the morning was nice, with many options on the buffet line. Room service was fantastic! We don't usually order room service, but had to try the homemade chips and loved them so much we ordered them twice! There's an active lobby bar and check-in and check-out were both smooth and easy. Although we didn't use the fitness room or spa, they both looked nice. The hotel is located within easy walking distance to many shops, as well as Darling Harbour and Circular Quay. Word of warning, though... the conceirge men do not always give the best directions!!! Overall, we had a great trip and would probably stay here again.  
<Date>May 28, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>MissTam
<Content>Loved it!! My Boyfriend an I had a fantastic night at this hotel. The staff were friendly and helpful (special mention for Alan at check-in) and the room was lovely too. This hotel is located close to everything in the CBD and we had lovely views from our premier room on the 14th floor. The bathroom is huge and clean and has a separate large bath. The decor was simple and elegant. The only complaint was that the beds were quite hard. My partner and I prefer plush mattress's and pillows. Would defiantly go back again.  
<Date>May 27, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>returning_the_favour
<Content>Lovely Service, Pleasant Stay Had an upgrade to the Executive Club and had a great stay for 2 nights. Particularly impressive was their service for us. Location was brilliant for seeing some sights around Sydney - we walked to circular quay/opera house etc. in less than 15 mins , then caught ferry back around to Darling Harbour.We enjoyed the canapes :) Sausage rolls and curry puffs with drinks was more my style. I would, however, agree with some previous comments about the temperature and maintenance of food in the executive club - partic.breakfast. The loss of 1 star for the review is also because they forgot our turn down service on the 2nd night!!Would go back again though...  
<Date>May 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>zootout
<Content>Loved The Swissotel            
<Date>May 12, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Rapublico
<Content>Best bet for value in Sydney I am so glad for the helpful reviews here that prompted me to book a great bed  breakfast package on the Swissotel鈥檚 own website. For what this hotel offers, I believe it is the best value in Sydney. I too became another satisfied guest. While there are other hotels that are more deluxe, they also charge a considerable amount more, sometimes disappointing guests (as I鈥檝e read here) who were expecting a lot more for their money. The Swissotel Sydney offers a convenient location downtown, friendly staff, courteous service, nice lobby d茅cor, clean and comfy rooms, and a decent breakfast buffet at very reasonable rates, making it a great deal for your money, I feel.The stylish lobby reminded me of the d茅cor found in hotels in Switzerland, which I guess shouldn鈥檛 surprise me based on the hotel鈥檚 namesake. Our room, a corner one, was very clean, well appointed, and much larger than expected. Our package included the breakfast buffet that was very substantial, offering a wide selection of traditional breakfast food, cold cuts, cheeses, and even salads. Some of the breads/breakfast rolls were a disappointment, however; and the chairs in the dining area are uncomfortable. (If you can, sit at a booth.)Located in the heart of the downtown area, right next to the Sydney Tower and kitty-corner to the Queen Victoria Building (QVB), the Swissotel is within easy walking distance to lots of shopping and Darling Harbour too. Bus stops to Circular Quay are nearby and the Town Hall Station is a very short walk where you can a catch train, as we did, to cross the Harbour Bridge and then walk to the Rocks area and Circular Quay. If we had more time, we could have walked to Circular Quay, the Bridge, the Rocks, etc., from the hotel instead of taking trains and buses.Before I arrived I thought about booking a hotel located nearer to Circular Quay and the Opera House, but after I arrived I realized that I wasn鈥檛 missing out by booking the Swissotel in the downtown area since the transportation system is good and the Swissotel is within walking distance to shopping and other attractions too. I am very satisfied with this hotel and can highly recommend it to both vacationers and business travelers.Finally, one suggestion about a terrific photo opportunity in Sydney that we found by accident . We took a ferry from Circular Quay to Darling Harbour and caught a great view of the Harbour Bridge with the Opera House in the background.  
<Date>May 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>basa123
<Content>Excellent Sydney was our last stop before taking off to LA our home sweeet home. My partner and I stayed for 3 nights I must say the staff are friendly and helpfull in all areas specially the Concierge very helpfull and knowledgable, the Bell Hop always greet us from morning to night. We will defenitely come back!!  
<Date>May 3, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LancashireAsh
<Content>Spot On       Veiw From Room  
<Date>Apr 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	4	4	

<Author>star_236
<Content>Don't bother. I booked this hotel for a trip to Sydney for my 1st wedding anniversary after reading good reviews on this site.. and I wish I hadn't bothered.The only good thing about this hotel is the location, right next to Pitt St Mall (fantastic shopping!), near Town Hall Station and a 10 minute walk to the Rocks and Circular Quay, which is one of the most beautiful parts of any city I've seen.The worst thing about this hotel was the service. It was absolutely shocking, across all areas - and I'm far from fussy when it comes to service, promptness and a smile is all it takes to make me happy. The first offender was concierge.. we arrived quite late (11pm), lugged our bags inside, were not greeted at all and, without looking up, the guy grunted 'check-in is on level 8'. No offer to take our bags, no greeting, nothing. No matter who was there, they remained equally as rude and disinterested our entire stay.Check in was just as bad, I've never waited so long, no apology for the wait, no smile or welcome. I had upgraded our room to one on the executive club floors and there was a confusion with this, which annoyed me because I'd expressly told the reservations girl that I wanted it to be a surprise for my husband. We, again, lugged our bags to our room ourselves and were given no instruction as to breakfast, pool and gym levels and closing times, facilities, nothing. The room was nice enough, but NOTHING (and I mean NOTHING) like the hotel's website, especially not the executive club rooms. Our room wasn't even as nice as the standard picture shown on the website, and I wish I hadn't bothered wasting my money on the upgrade. It wasn't spacious at all, in fact a little on the small side compared to other hotels I've stayed in, and we had no view of the harbour at all, as promised by the website. The bathroom was nicely appointed with a seperate bath and shower but we had to ring housekeeping to get 2 towels (when the booking was for 2 people??) The turndown service at night was a good touch, with chocolates on the pillow, and the cleanliness was of an ok standard (if a little dusty).That brings me to the Executive Club. What an absolute joke. Seriously, help-yourself lukewarm party pies and curry puffs do not constitute 'canapes'. And the measly selection of 'hot' food was ALWAYS luke warm, even though we got there at 5.45pm. It took such a long time for them to replenish anything, and as for the cheese board (no cold meats, just a few cheeses and water crackers), once a type of cheese was gone, that was it for the rest of the night. You had to serve your own drinks, which my husband enjoyed because he was free to have triple shots of bourbon, but part of what I paid for was 'service', which wasn't provided at all.The breakfast up there was even worse. Baked beans, ham and cheese croissants, spinach puffs, scrambled eggs were among the foods that always ran out, taking at least half an hour to replace (if they were replaced at all). On our third day there they ran out of cutlery and juice glasses! When I asked the 'attendant' (said very sarcastically - he was completely hopeless) if he knew there were no juice glasses he replied Yes - I know. No apology, explanation, nothing! I've actually worked business club service in a 4-star hotel and if we ran out of anything it was the absolute sin of all sins, but at the Swissotel noone cared.Breakfast downstairs was almost as bad. Not to mention the fact that they tried to make us pay, even though I'd paid for it in my original booking, the amount for breakfast wasn't refunded when I upgraded, AND the reservations girl who I arranged the upgrade with expressly told me I could eat at both. None of that seemed to matter with staff, who argued with me for at least 10 minutes until we finally agreed to just eat upstairs for the rest of our stay. They had the same issues with replacing food, I've never seen anything like it. Honestly, I'm actually quite easy to please, but I was so disappointed with this hotel especially as it was supposed to be such a special time for me and my husband. Business travellers and those just passing through would probably be ok with it but I don't recommend it at all for people wanting a romantic getaway. Sydney itself was a lot of fun, so much to do, great food and you can't go past the Opera House for impressive, but choose somewhere else to stay.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	4	4	2	1	1	

<Author>nreitter
<Content>Great stay, nice location for shoppers, easy access to all sites We arrived in Sydney on March 30, 2007  took the train from the airport to Swissotel (very easy to do, close to hotel  Swissotel clearly explained how to get there). We stayed the first 2 nights of our honeymoon here  were pleased with our contemporary, clean, up-to-date room. There was a separate shower/tub  they even left a plate of delicious chocolates for us in congratulations for our wedding. Note: they were the ONLY hotel during our entire 2 week trip to even acknowledge that it was our honeymoon though I mentioned it to each while booking. The concierge was great  made all our dinner reservations. This hotel is admist all sorts of shopping  a 5+ minute walk to Harbour Bridge, Opera House, Darling Harbour, etc. Would certainly stay again.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>misstissy
<Content>Excellent Recenly stayed here for business - AMAZING!!No really, the location is superb - you can't get any closer to the CBD if you tried!The rooms are clean, modern, spacious, we even had a view of the outdoor pool - very cool!The staff are efficient and very helpful.Highly recommend it.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BFMCharlotte
<Content>Great Hotel in the Central Business District I recently spent one night at the Swissotel in Sydeny and was very impressed with the overall experience. The room I booked was their Standard room but the room was anything but standard. The room was large with nice views of the city and comfortable beds. The bathroom was absolutely huge with a soaking tub as well as walk in shower. I ordered room service that evening as well and was equally as impressed by the food and service. All and all it was a class act. It's not over the top luxury but very pleasant and extremely clean. I would highly recommend the Swissotel.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>travellerist
<Content>Bad  I stayed in this hotel in early March, although the location is excellent, we will not return to this hotel. We checked in at 2:30pm and the room was not ready. The room is nice but it is dusty. We had breakfast there in the morning, the food was cold and not replenished, very disappointing.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	1	2	2	

<Author>Swede_Oak
<Content>Class Act What a treat! This hotel has class, style, modern design and delightful service. The location is very convenient to Hyde Park, Central Business District, Shopping and the bays of Sydney. I would return here in a heart beat. The beds are firm but luxurious, with large down comforters and big pillows. The bathrooms are large, light filled and very modern. The carpets are clean and everything is well tended to. We also found the pool and fitness center to be state-of-the art. It's really a good value for its class and quality.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>nycrose
<Content>Solid choice if you want to stay in the city! I'm writing this review because we booked all of our hotels with trip advisor as our guide! The Swissotel was a great hotel - - Clean, Large Rooms, Good Gym, Good Pool and solid location. I kept calling it a wanna be W hotel but with larger rooms. The location was about a 15 minute walk to Circular Quay and the rocks. It was nice not to have to take a cab! It's just a solid place to stay. It's an easy place to stay in a central location. Random but true, I had the best Greek salad ever from their room service. Conceirge good too..We ended up booking all of our day tours through them. What else?We did stay one night on Bondi Beach which was awesome too!!  
<Date>Mar 13, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>KAG1976
<Content>Very nice stay... Very nice stay. Great location, very close to Town Hall train station (2 minutes walk even with lots of luggage). I booked a Swiss Business Advantage room and was very pleased when I was upgraded an Executive Club room. The room was clean and comfortable and the bathroom was very spacious and modern. Nice little touches such as the nightly turndown service (inluded a chocolate on our pillow and a bottle of water and glass placed on the bedside table). The Executive Club food was fantastic - especially the breakfast selection - including cold and hot choices. Nice pool and spa area and a gorgeous day spa. Friendly, efficient service at a good price. Would definitely stay there again!!!  
<Date>Mar 6, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	5	5	4	

<Author>Vilavisitor
<Content>The Swissotel - For the First but Not the Last Time I recently stayed at The Swissotel for the first time - and it certainly won't be the last. A girlfriend and I stayed for two nights and could not have been happier.Our rooms were on the 24th Floor with access to the Executive Lounge. The rooms were extremely comfortable with an expansive view over the city and a glimpse of the harbour.Everything was spotless - especially the bathroom. There has been criticism of the hard beds but that did not worry me.We were able to enjoy Happy Hour in the Lounge in the evenings and there was a very substantial offering of savouries, biscuits and cheese etc. which easily substituted for our evening meal. Breakfast consisted of eggs, bacon, cereal and fruit etc. There was also free computer access.I found any staff member I had dealings with to be extremely pleasant and helpful and thought the hotel had a very nice friendly atmosphere.The location in the centre of the CBD is excellent and we enjoyed being able to come and go throughout the day.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>hoyaworldtraveler
<Content>Great location! We stayed here for the second part of a honeymoon (first part in Fiji) and had a great time. It's a very sophisticated comfortable hotel in the heart of the shopping district. Our room had a great bathroom (huge tub and separate shower), excellent view, and nice sitting area. We also enjoyed tea one afternoon and spent some time in the hot tub and pool outside.Activities in Sydney that we enjoyed:1) Bridge climb!2) Opera house - saw Pirates of Penzance3) Shopping!4) Wine country tour5) Great restaurants6) Friendly and very trendy locals! I'm ready to be a yummy mummy too!  
<Date>Jan 23, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Rob1233
<Content>5 star experience Fantastic hotel. The lobby bar is great (with a very reasonably priced happy hour), the breakfasts were first-rate, the pool and gym were immaculate and the rooms were large, new, and very well appointed. The staff were also extremely professional throughout.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	5	

<Author>Kramax
<Content>Great Hotel I stayed at the Swissotel in 12-15 January for the first time since its former incarnation as the Merchant Court. I would recommend the hotel and would stay there again. The staff are extremely polite, always a plus. The bathroom in the corner room I had was fantastic, a huge bath and huge seperate shower. The bed was rock hard, just how I liked it and I slept right through the night from the first night of my stay. The view from my room was just of rooftops of surrounding buildings. The room service meals are not great, but they are generous. The eggs I ordered for breakfast were so runny I could have put them in a glass and drunk them - subsequently I did not order breakfast again. There is no noise from other guests and my floor was quite full from the do not disturb signs. The air con is fantastic and individual to each room. My only complaint is that the hotel does not supply CNN, only the BBC. Very strange in this day and age and I missed it. I would recommend this hotel to all travellers. I did not eat in any of its restaurants so can't comment.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>sandokan
<Content>really liked it         
<Date>Oct 26, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mattrick
<Content>Great View and Service       The Room  
<Date>Sep 27, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>sleepingruby
<Content>Best location in Sydney I stayed here recently for a weekend getaway. The Swissotel is perfectly located for shopping, is an easy walk to most major attractions and also very close to major train and bus lines. In fact, as a local, I would say this is the best located hotel to get around the city easily.Found a great rate on the hotel website and I was very happy with my room. Large and bright, it was very comfortable and welcoming. Lots of wardrobe space and I particularly loved the bathroom, probably the biggest hotel bathroom I've seen, with a seperate bath and huge shower. The bed was a little on the hard side, but surprisingly comfortable anyway.My view was of the pool and nearby buildings mostly, but pretty good considering I paid the lowest price I could find online. Service was mostly very good, occasionally excellant. Room service was very quick and the lobby bar had a very pleasant atmosphere to hang out and watch the world go by. I'm very happy that I chose the Swissotel and would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>djsteviemac
<Content>Location, Location, Location The hotel was fantasically placed being preety much smack bang in the middle of Sydney.The room was fantastic with everything you could wish for. Huge wardrobes, tv, mini bar, deluxe bathroom. Everything was fantastic.Just make sure that the fire alarm doesn't go off when your on the 23rd floor as it's a long way down.On a plus side, the restuarant was awesome and the food was brilliant.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	2	-1	

<Author>TropicalTess
<Content>Superb for Shoppers! I am a born and bred Sydneysider now working and living overseas but I return regularly - and nearly always stay at the Swissotel. The staff could not be more helpful, obliging and friendly - and will throw in some extras if the Hotel is not heavily booked - but beware I have noted on several occasions now (to my disappointment) that the Hotel has been BOOKED OUT particularly during peak periods....love being close to the shops and transport right outside the door. Great bar on the first floor to meet friends for pre dinner drinks. Try booking the club rooms on the highest floors - the private area is worth the extra  
<Date>Jul 20, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hemikiwi
<Content>Loved my view I stayed at the Swissotel Sydney for 4 nights in July 2006. I initially only booked for 1 night through Wotif.com but extended as I was pleased with my room. I was lucky enough to get a room on the 25th floor ( Executive floor according to the button on the lift) and had a great view of the city/park and harbour. The rate I paid did not entitle me to use the executive lounge on the 24th floor though. Location wise, it is great if you want to be central and close to the shops. Next to George Street too. One of the main advantages of this hotel is that all floors at at least on the 9th level as reception is on the 8th floor. This increases your chances of a good view and less noise. The room itself was quite spacious and included a LCD TV. The bathroom was quite spacious too and had a seperate bath and shower. Decor wise it is quite modern, beiges etc. Not plush plush but pleasant and understated. Evening turndown with complimentary toblerones was nice. All in all a good central hotel. If you were as lucky as me to be appointed a great room , then you will be very happy. Reception and Concierge staff were mostly friendly and professional. Sukanya on reception deserves a special mention as she was incredibly patient and helpful with me during a time when I did not know from day to day if i would stay in Sydney any longer or not.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>GREAT HOTEL stayed here for 5 nights in dec 2005 after spending many hours looking on internet for good hotel and good deal. hotel was excellent, staff v helpfull to us (arrived way before checkin after getting early flight into sydney looking and feeling quite grubby, room was not ready for us as expected but they managed to get one sorted out for us very quickly and still about 4 hours early) hotel entrance not too impresive but when you get up to the 8th floor its quite different, also as it was nearly chrismas they had a lovely christmas tree on display. hotel was fantasticaly situated for us, about 5 min walk to darling harbour, about 10 mins from rocks and the bridge and great shopping all around. enjoyed it that much we would have liked to have stayed longer and will definately stay there again given the chance.  
<Date>May 1, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good location Our family of 4 stayed here during Christmas 2004. It is very centrally located for shopping, but we had a hard time finding a reasonably priced, family-friendly restaurant nearby. The breakfast was excellent but go early to avoid the crowd. We needed to do laundry and paid $18USD a load! Our kids enjoyed the pool, but it was very small. (Tip for families: we LOVED the zoo, and going out for a hike at the Three Sisters mountain area).  
<Date>Mar 19, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>SuperSpy
<Content>OK accommodations As New Year's is prime tourist season in Sydney, we managed to get a room here-better than nothing. It's in the center of town, several blocks from the harbor which is where most of the action is. From the street you need to take an elevator to the 8th floor, cross the lobby to another set of elevators to get to your room. Something of a hassle if you're in a hurry. If you plan to use their laundry services - beware. They charge $9.00 for one washer load...but the soap is free.Under different circumstances we would have picked another place closer to the water.Our view - rooftops of the office building next door.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2006
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>TB-SD
<Content>First Swissotel Stay and love it! This was our first time to stay at a Swissotel property, and we were very pleased, especially with how crazy busy Sydney was for New Year's. Although I read a recent review about bad service, we did not experience that. We enjoyed great breakfasts each morning to start our day. The gym and pool are a little small, but still enjoyable. Our room was very comfortable, but the beds are quite firm (maybe a little too firm for us). The hotel is in a great location for exploring Sydney; close to the trains, monorail and just walking. Overall, it is a great hotel chain, and would entertain stays at their other properties in the future.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Thorndon
<Content>Good facilities and location, poor service This hotel is built above a department store and could not be more central. That gives it the usual problem of a tiny street front presence and eight floors to travel before reception. I left my bag with the porter - 35 minds and four phone calls later it was delivered to my room with a surly nod. But I can't credit the phone calls for its receipt, as the phone didn't work either. The room facilities were excellent, and the location could not be bettered if you are in Sydney to shop. Its OK for business too although a little south of the main office area. Hard beds? Not what I found, but the bed is firm and I suspect those who like the soft American style might call that hard. At the discount rate I paid, this was very good value for the facilities, but I never sighted service in the hotel. Curiously the J P Bastiani restaurant had excellent service but very ordinary food.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2005
<Rating>3	4	5	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Bindoon
<Content>Great location, good hotel, would return We stayed here for one night (a Monday). The hotel reception were helpful and accommodating to our early arrival, stored our luggage and phoned us on our cell (mobile) phone to let us know when the room was available. Our room was very spacious with a large bathroom with sep. bath and large shower cubicle. We had a view west across the roof tops with water glimpses. Although near the lift we had absolutely no noise problems and enjoyed a good night鈥檚 sleep. Yes the beds are firm (refer other reviews) but not uncomfortable and rather like many we have slept in France and China.The breakfast was excellent with friendly waiters. The concierge was helpful and knowledge of the area. The location is wonderful (above the Myer Department Store), minutes from the QVB historic shopping complex, Hyde Park etc. We arrived via the Town Hall Station and left via James Street Station (direct route to airport) and both were short easy walks. We also walked to Darling Harbor but the monorail was also right there for your use.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>justsomeguy
<Content>Great Place to Stay I stayed at this hotel from October 21 through October 29, 2005 and it was excellent. I had a standard room on the 21st floor which had two huge windows and a bit of a harbour view. The Hotel is within easy walking distance of Circular Quay and Darling Harbour and St. James/Town Hall City Rail stations and the monorail. The staff was especially friendly and helpful. I have no complaints about this hotel at all.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wouldn't return, beds are very hard! The swissotel has to be the best location for those of us who love to shop and for that the hotel scores great marks, however when staying in a hotel I would expect to be pampered or at the very least not longing to return to my own bed. This is exactly what I was doing at 2am when I couldn't sleep because the beds are so hard I would have been more comfortable on the carpet. The bathrooms look lovely but at a second glance the floors look like they need a good scrub. The staff were lovely but I wouldn't consider returning.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not all its cracked up to be! I stayed at the swissotel Sydney on market street In March 04..The Hotel Looby is very classy....tho the rooms are not.We i arrived at the hotel late at night..was ushered to a room. Which was the wrong room it was a single room, but at least it had a viewIt took them nearly 3 hours to transpher us to the right room but crappy --- veiw of a cream wall and the windows didnt open.Ok the rooms are clean and cute....but very very small and plain for the amout that you pay for them...The bathroom is tiny also ( in the brocher it says that the bathrooms are marble, they lied).The beds were ok, tho they do not change ur sheets everyday, unless you whinge about it, and they only give you one towel each, which is hard for females..We got breakfast included in our stay, breakfast was really nice, but stay away from the scrambled eggs, cuz the chief dont know how to cook them.Also had lunch there once. really good food but very very expensive ( got a club sandwitch and a cheese burger $ 57.00 dollars)  
<Date>Sep 21, 2005
<Rating>3	1	2	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>MelbGal1972
<Content>great location, nice hotel This is a really nice hotel with a top location for shoppers - right in the centre of town and on top of a shopping mall.Good service, nice decor, not too tiny like some sydney hotel rooms. If you can get a good deal, it's a good hotel with good facilities.Only slightly annoying thing is the two different elevator rides required to get you two your room from the street.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Elegant, exclusive, high in the sky view We were ushered up to the 8th floor where the hotel started. Bell hops, porters, nearby. Ushered into a beautiful room overlooking the bay. WONDERFUL. I would recommend it to everyone I meet!!!  
<Date>Sep 14, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The beds are hard!! If you don't like hard beds then this is not the place for you. The bed was like sleeping on a slab of concrete, which I suppose is OK if you like your mattress firm. Other than the horrid bed which totally spoiled my stay this place was modern, very clean and offered friendly service.  
<Date>May 13, 2005
<Rating>3	4	2	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>RSS-NorthCarolina
<Content>Nice Hotel   showReview(3314216, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 30, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>5-Star all the way   showReview(3312331, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 30, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A wonderful weekend at the Swissotel   showReview(3090018, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 27, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Yellabrick
<Content>Surprisingly grand        Executive room  
<Date>Jan 24, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location!   showReview(2785371, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 25, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Philipau
<Content>Expected better   showReview(2107330, 'full');   
<Date>May 22, 2004
<Rating>2	3	4	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Overall very good   showReview(1854216, 'full');   
<Date>May 3, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>the3musketeers
<Content>Loved it!   showReview(1765506, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 6, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Brilliant!   showReview(1735050, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 21, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>She spoilt the stay   showReview(992066, 'full');   
<Date>May 8, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jessyjoseba
<Content>Gran hotel,excelente ubicaci贸n.   showReview(18999329, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 15, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>natsukobailar
<Content>渚垮埄銇牬鎵€銇亗銈娿€併亾銇庛倢銇勩€傚寳娆с偣銈裤偆銉?#x201d;   showReview(18424220, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>脿 conseiller   showReview(18535309, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 30, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>銇熴亱銇伔
<Content>姘楁寔銇°伄鑹亜楂樼礆銉涖儐銉?#x201d;   showReview(17743910, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>銇伖nabe
<Content>銈枫儔銉嬨兗銇父瀹?#x201d;   showReview(17394359, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sch枚nes Ambiente, aber Service muss verbessert werden   showReview(14728716, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>w眉rde dieses Hotel wieder w盲hlen   showReview(13975667, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 12, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un tr茅s bon choix en plein centre de Sydney   showReview(13196050, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 29, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>BerlinGuy1971
<Content>Perfekte Sydney-Unterkunft - am besten im Executive Club!   showReview(12093599, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Giselle7
<Content>Es bonito.   showReview(10081875, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 15, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	4	4	2	3	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tr猫s bien situ茅   showReview(11438590, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 31, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>hotel bien situ茅 et agr茅able   showReview(11438589, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 26, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>gerne wieder   showReview(11406727, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 5, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>un des meilleurs rapport qualit茅/prix   showReview(11397548, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 9, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Super Lage, super Service   showReview(11382736, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 30, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>TRES BIEN   showReview(11379106, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 21, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銆愩偄銉°儖銉嗐偅闁㈤€?..   showReview(21800612, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 12, 2005
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈枫儔銉嬨兗銇粸鍦ㄣ仚銈嬨仺...   showReview(19928326, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 26, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈傘伄銇欍仈銇忔湡寰呫倰瑁忓垏...   showReview(19928210, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 21, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>绔嬪湴鏉′欢銇ч伕銇炽伨銇椼仧...   showReview(19925611, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 2, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>1銆佺珛鍦版潯浠躲€€2銆佹枡...   showReview(19921881, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 2, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>琛椼伄涓績銇儑銉戙兗銉堛伄...   showReview(19916205, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 10, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

