<Author>John-and-Bernadette
<Content>Not the same anymore We recently stayed at the Ungherese and found that it had changed a good bit since the previous manager, Sabrina, left. The stafff is nowhere as warm as she was and outside of the manager who wasn't here much, no one spoke any English. Even as we arrived we felt as if the woman checking us in was an inquisitor giving us the feeling we had not booked a room. We had even requested that first floor room as we liked having the balcony off of our room. But this time,we too were bothered by the staff talking on the phone til well past midnight. One night as we came back to the hotel, the person at the desk was on the phone and just buzzed us in without a greeting and continued to talk on the phone for another hour and we could hear every word in our room. We found the general upkeep of the hotel to be so much less than last time. The staff seems to work hard but doesn't have the same sense of the little things that matter . Cigarette butts were never emptied from ashtrays, vacuuming starts too early in the morning etc and the breakfast buffet was missing several items that was on it last time. The worst part was when the room flooded due to that shower. I was blithley showering not noticing the water was up to my ankles as the drain didn't drain. I was stuck in there for ten minutes trying to let it go down before opening the door. When i did open it -I found that it had gone all over our room and into the hallway. And when I called the manager, she was quite upset--sying how did this happen -no offer to help us in our room-just started throwing towels down in the lobby and giving us towels to clean our room ourselves. And worse-she told me that it was impossible that the flood occured as I said it did. And I see from another reviewer that just a few weeks earlier they also had the same experience so she obviously knew there was a problem.I think this hotel is just ok is you get an upstairs room. We didn't have any trouble finding it as we had a GPS and had been there 2 years earlier. It is very convenient for taking the bus to the heart of the city and one of the few hotels that we found that you can park the car reasonably. But even here, we found it different than last time as then we were allowed to park on the street and this time had to park it in a garage a few doors away. I am not sure that we would ever stay there again  
<Date>Oct 11, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	2	1	1	1	

<Author>jmh_8
<Content>needs bathroom renos This was the worst experience of our 3 wk. trip in Italy! It was not so easy to find, in spite of directions, but we chose it because parking was simple. When we arrived in the evening and were shown our room (closest to the desk), my heart sank. I hoped that the double doors might be closed for noise, but they never were. As a previous guest has written, the buzzer rang each time someone arrived back, there were telephones ringing, then the hallway/lobby conversations etc. It was noisy, especially when the room occupants across the hall returned late in the evenings.  True, we had a room with a garden view but with the doors open for a bit of fresh air, the place was overtaken with hungry mosquitoes that kept us awake and bitten all night. I read the review about the wet shower, and the picture has to be the one we had. We didn't even realize that it was operational, but the toilet seat was badly cracked from water. The towels were lovely and clean, but didn't absorb much. We ended up trying to sponge bath with the sink and that was awkward in such a confined space. Service from the desk and the breakfast bar was good, but I would definitely never want to return. Nor would I recommend this hotel. It was full we were told, so we didn't have any choice or a chance to see any other rooms. Upstairs/back rooms may be quieter away from the desk and they may have proper shower facilities. Busing to the centre seemed to work out well. Traveller beware of half truths.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>wordDr
<Content>Un-Inspired at the Ungherese       Garden Ungherese Hotel  
<Date>Aug 16, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	4	5	-1	

<Author>Domenicd2000
<Content>Quiet, rustic hotel with personality just outside central Florence       view of balcony  
<Date>Jun 5, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	2	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>sabina75
<Content>Great Indian Staff Apart from this great Indian Staff who checked us in and helped us with directions the overall rating of this hotel is very average.The room was terribly cold, strange shower towels and the room was not that great. The location is not good at all, quite a bit away from the center.Sabina  
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>3	3	1	2	4	5	5	1	

<Author>CocoJax
<Content>A guest at my grandmother's house.       Laura, owner on far left. Hargiet, coffee master 4th from left.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Skippy_Kangaroo
<Content>Jewel in the crown of Florence I was a bit conerned initially because it was out from Florence city centre, but was a blessing in disguse, being a peaceful and very nice area in Florence. As I've seen from the other reviews both before and after we stayed here, the service was very personal and friendly. Sabina was most helpful and easy going. Our room was comfortable and neat.A showerscreen would have been handy, but otherwise fantastic.Getting to and from Florence city centre was easy by bus (probably easier if we had a car). Sabina really looked after us with breakfast, restaurant recommendations, access to museum (Uffizi  Accademia). Fantastic place, we'd definately go back next time we go to Florence.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>operasingers
<Content>A Truly Memorable Stay I want to echo the reviews by travelinfamilyof4 from Chicago in Aug 2006 and the re-submitted review of brendastarr of Thousand Oaks CA in Sept 19, 2007. We just returned from our trip to Florence and Tuscany and there are not enough wonderful things to say about Hotel Ungherese, especially the hotel keepers, Sabina and her husband Leonardo. My husband and I were travelling with another couple (friends) and we booked for 7 nights at the hotel. We had a car and planned to see Florence and the Tuscan countryside. Since this was a first trip to Europe for our friends, we wanted them to have a good experience in comfort with the local Italian flair. All the reviews for the hotel were 98% positive and excellent. I felt I could do no wrong in staying at this hotel. It is in Fiesole, an Italian neighborhood very close to the center of Florence. I asked my Italian customers (I am in medical sales) and they all had positive things to say about the area and our veterinarian had stayed in Fiesole and liked the area. The noise that you hear is the daily noise of people living in a neighborhood. I highly recommend the location, especially if you don't want to stay in the center of Florence where it can be noisy. The rooms we stayed were on the second floor and they were sufficiently spacious. The bed was comfortable and there was enough space in the room. The private bath was equally spacious with a shower stall. Breakfast was downstairs: European continental breakfast with hardboiled eggs, cheese, breads, wonderful yogurt, fruits and excellent cappuchino, hot chocolate or tea. There is a wonderful garden terrace that you could sit, relax and have some wine in the evening or have your morning cappuchino and contemplate the day while playing with Peggy, the cat or Pongo and Golia (the two dogs are fenced in the courtyard below). They love to come up the stairs to say hello to the guests and Pongo loves to have you throw his stick and play fetch). Sabina and Leonardo do EVERYTHING at this hotel: manage the desk, clean the rooms, make breakfast every morning, help the guests, etc....and they are gracious, helpful and pleasant to all the guests. They had guests who came in at 2 am and Sabina stayed up to let them in. I have never seen 2 people who work so hard all the time - literally 24/7, 365 days with no break. Sabina was helpful prior to our trip with our email and telephone correspondence. I made certain that she was aware of our arrival date and time and the type of room. Everything was perfect. There is no problem if you have a car. There is street parking outside the hotel and the next street (park between the white lines); Leonardo was nice enough to move his car the first day we arrived so we could park right in front of the hotel. The hotel is very close to the airport (on A11) in Florence - maybe 20 minutes away, Firenze Sud off A1towards Roma-Bolgna and follow the signs to the Stadio when you get off A1. I must mention how patient and helpful Sabina's friend (Sabina and Leonardo were out on errands) was in directing 4 tired Americans (who usually have a very good sense of direction but for some reason couldn't think straght that afternoon) to the hotel. Sabina and all of us had a good laugh and it is forever a memorable story of our trip.There is a local bus that goes to the center of Florence, so there was no need to drive into Centro Storico. The bus stop is right around the corner from the hotel and the cost is 4.50 euro for 4 trips. Sabina mapped out the route for us and also let us know where to purchase the ticket and where the return stop was in Florence to get back to the hotel.We would definitely come back to Hotel Ungherese but ALAS, Sabina and Leonardo are leaving the hotel at the end of this month (Oct 31, 2007). I don't want to pre-judge the next hotel keeper but Sabina and Leonardo will be a tough act to follow. They are the Hotel Ungherese (we re-named it The Hotel Sabina) as far as we are concerned. We felt as if we were staying at a good friend's house. It was definitely sad for us to leave on Monday morning, October 15, 2007. We asked our friends how they liked their first trip to Europe: We had a wonderful time in Italy and it was special staying at Hotel Ungherese and meeting Sabina and Leonardo. We second that sentiment!Judy and Ernie Kennedy, Yorktown Heights NY  
<Date>Oct 16, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Italiannewbies
<Content>Sabina the Best ! My wife and I stayed here for 4 nights in the middle of September and had a wonderful experience. Sabina (and her husband,Leonardo) was perfect. In spite of the fact that she was reallyunder the weather (her first onset of morning sickness thatlasted all day long - for all 4 days we were there) ,she essentiallymade our stay in Florence a huge success. Our room was OK -smallish with a truly odd shower setup. The huge plus was thatour room opened up onto the outside patio, which is very nice,and breakfast was much better than anywhere else we stayedduring our 3 week trip.Even though it was a ways from the main Florentian attractions,the bus stop was less than a block away and we found the busfrequent and easy....and cheap! Best of all was her restaurant recommendation of Picadilly...a5 minute walk (near the soccer stadium). Our experience herewas such that we never ate dinner anywhere else. Our lastnight in Florence was essentially a party that the waiters andstaff gave us.Simply put....we had a wonderful time at this hotel.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MikemckIndiana_USA
<Content>Our favorite in Italy This small hotel gets four stars from us. A 17th century 'palace' in a friendly neighborhood location, convenient to public transportation and great local restaurants and shops. We thoroughly enjoyed our short stay here. The room was excellent and everything was spotlessly clean. The host and hostess were warm and made us feel like old friends. We hated to leave after two nights. An excellent value that we would definitely return to if ever in Florence again.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CharmedOne97
<Content>Nice hotel outside of city center. This Florence hotel was very nice. We stayed in #5 on the ground floor facing Via G.B. Amici. The terrace was beautiful. The hotel in general was clean and quiet and well maintained. The staff was nice even though Sabina (apparently) was not feeling well. Breakfast was quite good - much more than what you normally would get at a larger hotel. Overall, a really good choice for the price.The only drawback we found was it's location. My sister and I are not regular users of the bus system at home, much less in a foreign country. We found this to be a bit of a hassle. I say hassle because we were amateurs at it - and the bus system of Florence is confusing at best. Some bus stop signs were not posted (missing), the buses themselves were mismarked (specifically #17). We did manage to buy our ticket at the tabbonist and validate it on board at the machine (though hardly anybody else did). In the end we wound up being more irritated by the buses than it was worth and we vowed to stay in a hotel closer to the city center if we ever did go again. It's not so far out of the way that it should be a black mark against the hotel (15 min. at the most)...just food for thought if you are unfamiliar with using buses. I would think this hotel would be perfect for those of you renting a car.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	2	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>Robin1250
<Content>Not as Impressed as Everyone Else Was My husband and I thought the Ungherese was nice enough but were not nearly as impressed as the other reviewers apprarently were. We found the woman who runs the place to be rather cranky during our two-day stay. Her husband was very sweet and friendly but obviously hen-pecked; his wife was scolding him from another room at the top of her voice while we were checking out (my husband, who was born and raised in Italy, understood every word). Our room was fine - nothing special. Breakfast was good. As an aside - and this is a small thing - the Ungherese appears to be an historic building that was once a private home. There are lovely, large portraits hanging in the stairway and the owners had no idea who they were. I thought that was odd and a little sad that they had never bothered to find out. I wouldn't discourage anyone from staying here but if and when I return to Florence, I will probably stay elsewhere.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>brendastarr
<Content>resubmitted review:Hotel Ungherese great hotel despite unfair comments Traveler rating: 5.0 of 5 starsFlorence: Ungherese: Hotel Ungherese great hotel despite unfair comments brendastarr, Thousand Oaks, CA Jan 17, 2007I am resubmitting my former review dated Jan 17, 2006 because I forgot to rate the bullets to the right of the listing correctly. I still abide by all my comments.Great hotel with very lovely hosts. Thank you making our anniversary trip fantastic Sabina and Leonardo! Also thank you TripAdvisor...what a wonderful forum!Regarding Hotel Ungherese a fine hotel and fantastic people. We booked on another site but will book directly with the owners next time.In my opinion there a few minor negative comments which I believe to be extremely unfair and unreasonable.My spouse and I stayed at Hotel Ungherese in November, 2006 and these people give excellent service and knock themselves out with comfortable accomodations, attractive breakfasts, fabulous Italian cappuchino and hot chocolate to die for! Sabrina and her husband Leonardo are very hardworking and gracious, pleasant people. Yes the lower floor units have an Italian shower that does not have curtain but is not over toilet. We stayed there, room was very nice and clean. The bed was a tad too firm for my taste but my spouse was satisfied. This is an older typical Italian building but is very charming. But upper units do have enclosed shower stalls if they would have requested them. We were grateful for the lower units as they go out to the charming garden (and your door can be fully closed with secured doors and shutters that foster complete privacy.) Since my spouse and I have a bit of arthritus we were grateful to stay on the the lower floor, as we had to transport our mini foldable portable mobility scooter that we charged overnight each nightWe found the owners to be kind, gracious and accomodating. If we tourists would be more pleasant and reasonable perhaps the owners will respond in kind. I found these persons hardworking and extremely accomodating with directions, tips and were helpful in every way! Frankly I am embarrassed by some tourists that are unreasonable, spoiled and downright unfair! I wonder how long these tourists in question would last if they had to work as hard in the demanding work of running a tourist operation and trying so hard to please all kinds of people. It is no doubt discouraging to good hotel owners who work so hard when some tourists themselves are rude. We very much enjoyed our stay at the Hotel Unghurese and will no doubt return, especially with fabulous bus connections nearby and the great restaurant that was just down the street... Note the majority of all the great comments these people have earned for themselves. We have no relation to the operators of this hotel but lets be fair and not so spoiled! Best wishes and thanks to TripAdvisor and all these nice folks that help with good advice!, Eilene and Jeff Beard, Thousand Oaks CA, United StatesThis TripAdvisor Member: Liked: convenience to bus accomodations, wonderful breakfasts, nice gardenDisliked: my bed was a tad too firm for me but my spouse liked it.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>KCStephen
<Content>Excellent Experience and Terrific Staff My wife and I just stayed at Hoel Ungherese for two days. The room was clean and very comfortable. Sabina and her husband were so helpful, we would have made some mistakes without her advise and guidance. This was from where to eat after arriving late, the correct bus to take, how to get to Tuscany and what to see. I do have to apologize via this review to Sabina... I called her Sophia the entire time and she never said anything to correct me.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Kostmar
<Content>Beautiful small hotel If you need a hotel that is economic, very clean, quiet (away from the city centre) and with great transportation means close by, you mustn't go anywhere else!The room (No7) was nice but the bathroom was not very spacious. The breakfast was ok and the terrace was wonderful.Parking is availiable in front of the hotel and you won't need to move your car due to the great bus transportation just around the corner.As you must have read from all the other reviewers the owners have done a great job. They were very friendly and gave as all information that we needed.Good value for money.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	3	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>donnamcd
<Content>Great Place to Stay We just returned from a tour of 6 European countries, in many cities, and we were very impressed with the level of service at Hotel Ungherese. The rooms are serviceable (not fancy - but also not expensive), and spotlessly clean. Sabina was always available for help, and provided us with all the information we needed to safely navigate our way around Florence. She is both friendly and professional, and her English is flawless.Breakfast was excellent, and had a much wider variety than we experienced in other Italian cities.Overall, I would say that the success of this hotel is thanks to the committment and hospitality of the host and hostess. A good deal of thought has obviously gone into guest needs and comfort, and they're doing a terrific job of it!  
<Date>Aug 1, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>travelingmusicians
<Content>If you want a good idea of the real Florence.... First off, if you are looking for a hotel that is close to all of the attractions, this is not it. But that is what makes it so great. The Ungherese is a ways away from the Duomo and all of that, but that makes it quiet and very pleasant. You will need to take a bus into the city center, which is an adventure (ever been in a sardine can?), but it is worth it. Rooms are not large, but comfortable. The bathrooms are very small, but that is part of the fun! The best part, however, is the staff. The family that runs the Ungherese is great and can give you some helpful info. If you want quiet and comfortable, this is the place.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>familyontour
<Content>Great hotel - small, friendly and comfortable We stayed here for two nights at the start of July in a room with a double and 2 single beds. The room was spotlessly clean and very comfortable with a/c and a nicely decorated en suite shower room. The location was great - we were able to park right outside and leave the car for 2 days. The bus stops for the No 11 and No 17 buses to the city centre were very handy and we ate both nights at the Picadilly restaurant which did great pizzas at a very reasonable price. As others have said, the continental breakfast was great and the coffee superb. The outside terrace was also very shady and provided somewhere comfortable for us to sit (and the kids to play their gameboys!). The owners were very helpful and informative - and great with the children.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>yenmasta
<Content>Charming and friendly The hotel was an amazing stay for my wife and I. We stayed here with a team of college students for 3 nights. Then my wife and I stayed at the hotel for 2 more nights. The hotel has a great patio and garden where one can relax under an umbrella and garden chairs. It was very quiet and peaceful with greenery around you. There are not many hotels in florence I can say that have the peace and quiet feeling. The service was excellent. Sabina, the head women in charge was so helpful in hotel services and answered any question we had regarding transportation in florence, directions, places to eat, and tourist sights. She and her family who all work at the hotel are all very kind, personable, and friendly. the hotel also has a great continental breakfast and fresh made coffee made for you on the spot. I would recommend this hotel for anyone who wants a relaxing stay and peaceful stay in florence. The hotel is very quiet and eloquent and the bus stop is just down the street for a quick ride to downtown florence.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hoopsjunkie
<Content>Exactly As Promised! In June we travelled across Europe staying in hotels chosen entirely because of their Tripadvisor reviews. All of them, including the Ungherese, lived up to their billing. This little hotel, away from the hectic city-center, was exactly what we wanted: A quiet, charming, authentically Italian retreat. When speaking to the owner Sabina at the time of booking, she was very honest about her hotel. She said it is not fancy, but it is clean and comfortable. It was more than that as we discovered. What made the stay special was the attitude of Sabina and Leonardo. Even though we arrived late on our first night because of the train strike in Italy and Sabina looked very tired, she was amazingly courteous and gracious. Throughout our stay she went the extra mile to make sure we were comfortable. Breakfast was very good and the terrace was the perfect spot to relax after a long day of trekking around Florence. We will definitely be back!  
<Date>Jul 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>GiovannasStudents
<Content>Charming and Welcoming       Terrace  
<Date>Jun 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>pasqe
<Content>Friendly and comfortable haven A last minute change in plans led us to this hotel. We choose it because it was mentioned in one of the guide books as an easy place for cars. We had an apartment reserved in Florence for the next day and were stuck with the car until drop off . Parking was fine and easy for the huge Fiat Ducato, but we could not find this place and drove a long time in traffic around the stadium. I was looking for Santi, not Fanti. Maybe we were just tired but it took us a very long time to realize it was Fanti not Santi! The hotel was great. We called many times to get there and eventually navigated to it. Sabina the owner, actually came outside to wait on a corner for us and help us find it. This is a place where the owners really take care of you! We were just there one night as a stop over - the help and support ENORMOUS !The neighborhood is very nice and safe, our rooms were on the ground floor and one opened out to the beautiful garden. This place really felt like an oasis. The breakfast was outstanding and the cappucino was the BEST throughout our two week trip.Sabina suggested dinner at Picadilly and it was reasonable, relaxed and delicious, especially their special house dessert. They brought us lemoncello and grapppa at the end of the meal too.I would not hesitate to stay here, especially if you want to be outside the city of Florence. Rarely do you meet people as kind as Sabina anywhere in the world. This is a special place because of her.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Joshua12345
<Content>Wonderful place to stay. We stayed at Hotel Ungherese in May for four nights. It was delightful. Sabina and Leonardo were wonderful hosts and made our stay in Florence very memorable. It was really nice staying outside the hustle and bustle of Florence. Once we learned the bus system, it was a simple 10-minute ride into Florence. We caught the bus around the corner from Hotel Ungherese in a safe, quiet residential area. We purchased a 3-day bus pass and it worked out perfectly for getting around. Sabina made reservations for us ahead of time at the Accademia and Ufizzi Gallery which made our entrances into those two sites very easy. She was also great at giving us good advice on places to visit and where to eat and how to get there by bus. We took buses to Fiesole, Piazza Michelangelo, and to Settignano -- all had wonderful views of the City. Breakfast was a real treat - great pastries and awesome capaccinos. We will definitely stay here again on our next trip to Italy.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jactac
<Content>Wonderful Personal Service We chose the Hotel Ungherese because of reviews we had read in Trip Advisor about the personal service of the owners. It was all true. Above and beyond, they 1) Helped me secure a parking place very close to the property. 2) Due to scheduling uncertainties, I had held off securing tickets for the Accademia. When we arrived, not suprisingly, all tickets were sold out for the next day, the only day we could do it. The owner mentioned to me that sometimes last minute cancellations came in at 6pm the night before and she would call for me. At 6:15 PM she knocked on our door and was pleased to announce she had 4 tickets for us. It was so nice and unexpected for her to make that attempt for us. Due to language limitations, we could have never done it ourselves. 3) The personalized breakfast service was wonderful. We could not have asked for better hosts!!  
<Date>Jun 8, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Bolin78
<Content>Nice Hotel with Great Owners! We stayed here in May 2007, the owners made the place. It really is on the outside of town, and once you get the swing of the public bus system it's really not that big of an issue. I adored the owners of the hotel, they really went out of their way to help you and give you hints on exploring the city. The room was MUCH larger then expected, and overlooked their patio area. I saw the infamous cat....that other individuals had posted about! :)Like I said the room was VERY NICE SIZE, it was a double....the price was great....it was clean, great water pressure....BREAKFAST was yummy....I was just a happy camper after leaving this place. *winks*  
<Date>Jun 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	5	3	

<Author>amymichelle
<Content>A home away from home We stayed at the Hotel Ungherese one year ago this week and Sabina and Leonardo were the most welcoming and caring people we met in Italy (and we met a lot of great people so this really saying something). Our first night at the hotel and I was worried about seeing the sights and what to do and Sabrina reassured us telling us we had 'all the time in the world.' That night, we got lost on the bus coming back and it was so nice to be able to call and get help. When we called, they told us they were wondering what happened to us and where we were. Coming from the States, this surprised us because here when you are at a hotel, no one cares where you are and if you're lost. It felt like staying with family or close friends. Before we left for Italy, Sabrina made all of our arrangements to see the Gallerie Academie (so we didn't have to stand in line--I really recommend getting your reservations in advance) and the Uffizi (again, I recommend getting the reservations in advance, and devoting several hours to walk through. Oh, and try the cantucci in the upstairs cafe--they're great!). Emailing with Sabrina before we left for Italy added to our enjoyment in planning the trip and made us feel like we were going to visit friends. She also recommended we see the Bargello, which ended up being one of our favorite sights in Florence. Also, had we not sayed at the Ungherese, I don't know if we could have gone to Fiesole, which is so easily accessible by bus. It's worth the quick bus ride to see the great views of all of Florence. Also, the breakfasts at the Ungherese were the best we had on our trip. Wonderful lattes, food, and conversations. My only regret is that it has taken me a year to post this review. We had a great time and think of our experience often and Sabrina and Leonardo were a high-point of that experience.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>deanandjoyce
<Content>Our Best Hotel In Europe What a wonderful stay we had at Hotel Ungherse in Florence. Sabina and Leonardo were the most charming and gracious hosts we have encountered in all of our travels. The hotel was such a nice refuge after a full day of sightseeing. Their back garden terrace was cool and inviting where we could share a bottle of wine and a few munchies. The neighborhood was quiet with charming shops and restaurants within walking distance. Even though the hotel is outside the central core of the city, it is an easy 10 minute bus ride to the main sights. The bus stop was half a block away and Sabina was so helpful in directing us to bus stops within the city where we could catch the bus back to the hotel. It was lovely to leave the noise and crowds behind at the end of the day and return to our lovely air conditioned room. and cool garden terrace.Out room was fresh and spotless with new plumbing fixtures, crisp white bed linens, and tasteful furnishings. Leonardo was in charge of serving the large lovely breakfast buffet in the bright cheery breakfast room. We wish we had more time to spend in Florence. It felt like home away from home. We will be back!  
<Date>May 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TravelinFoolxx
<Content>Friendly in Florence Hotel Ungherese in Florence, Italy is a small family run establishment in a pleasant residential neighborhood. If you are looking for a moderately price hotel in a quiet neighborhood and you don't mind a 10 to 15 minute bus ride from the Duomo, Hotel Ungherese is the place. (We met other travelers that spent much more and complained of hearing street noise at night)Make sure to spend some time exploring the neighborhood within several blocks of the Ungherese and you will be rewarded with a view of attractive homes, some with fabulous roses.  
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	3	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>kjrak
<Content>A True Gem in Florence - Can't wait to return We had the pleasure of staying at the Hotel Ungherese for eight nights in late March - early April of this year. I doubt there is sufficient space to capture the true essence of the Hotel Ungherese. The kindness that is displayed to all guests is genuine and anyone reading the reviews will see over and over again descriptions of Sabina and Leonardo's acts that enhanced and created special memories for the guests of Hotel Ungherese..  The hotel itself (if I remember correctly) is a former villa once owned by a Hungarian family, royalty I think. The rooms, as in most boutique hotels or BBs, have been renovated into accomodations and the individuality is not always appreciated by those wishing to stay in a cookie cutter type chain hotel.Our family ( my husband, our 23 year old son, my sister, and our 80+ year old parents) arrived at the Hotel Ungherese March 23, 2007 to visit my daughter. Due to walking/stair limitations of my sister and elderly parents, we had requested and received rooms on the main floor. My son's and our room were the two rooms located on the terrace. Unfortunately the weather turned very cold and we were not able to enjoy the terrace as much as I had hoped. I can only imagine relaxing and enjoying an evening's cappuccino and dessert during better weather. The bathrooms do have a unique shower , but I personally would never trade the terrace location. My recommendation would be anyone with concerns over the shower should reserve through the Hotel's website. This way you can correspond directly with hotel and request a room with a 'conventional bathroom. I agree with the previous review if you are in a room with the unique shower just move the extra towels and extra toilet paper as a precaution. My parents' and sister's room was a triple located in the front of the hotel with a conventional bathroom. This arrangement was ideal for them. The breakfast was enjoyed every morning. It is true that Sabina and Leonardo make the BEST Cappuccino (I have been unable to enjoy any coffee since our return from Italy) . What a perfect way to start your sightseeing day! Enjoying a typical European breakfast ,sharing experiences of the prior day and having Sabina and Leonardo provide guidance and advice to make this day as perfect as it could be.Hotel Ungherese's location was a plus for our family. Retreating to the peace and quiet of this neighborhood after a day spent among the crowds in the busy tourist areas was a welcome break. The bus stop is just around the corner and in less than 15 minutes you were downtown. Two bus lines serve the area (#11 and # 17). We used both to ride to the city center, but never managed to find the #11 stop downtown for the return 'home at night. We always took the #17 with few problems. I would recommend trying the tourist office for a bus map. Another plus is the availability of street parking. We rented a car for a few days to travel to CinqueTerra and Tuscany /Chianti areas. It was very nice to not incur the high parking fees of the city center area.From my initial contact with the Hotel Ungherese and Sabina, I knew we had made the perfect choice. Traveling with a large group alway bring logistical issues and unforeseen changes. Sabina graciously accommodated our reservation requests including room types (double/double/double), location ( terrace and minimal stairs), and then the changes to the original dates and room types(single/double/ triple. Sabina made our reservations for the Uffizi and to see David' and provided copies for me when I realized I left my confirmations at home. She and Leonardo arranged for taxi pick up for early departures to the airport as our group departure dates were different. My family was also on the receiving end of many acts of kindness from Sabina and Leonardo. A bouquet of beautiful purple orchids for my birthday, retreiving my husband and daughter who one night lost their bearings and could not find their way home and the best advice for our memorable trip to Florence, encouraging my beginner Italian, and storing our larger suitcases during a weekend trip to Venice to minimize the luggage we would have to bring. The best indication I can convey of the type of people Sabina and Leonardo are and the type of hotel they run was their offer to be avaiable for our daughter, Amanda, who was interning in Florence for three months. Let her know to call us if she needs anything and they genuinely meant it.I would be remiss, if I did not mention the Picadilly Restaurant (a short walk from the hotel). We enjoyed many a delicious meal there! After eating our first supper in Florence there and loving everything, we chose to return quite a few times during our visit. Its convenient location made it perfect for the days our group would split up allowing those choosing to rest or sleep in be able to enjoy a delicious lunch while the others continued sightseeing. Thank you Sabina and Leonardo for all you did for my family! You made our time in Florence even more memorable than I had dreamed! Looking forward to a returning soon (hopefully with warmer weather)!Jeanne and Kevin  
<Date>May 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>laymanCalifornia
<Content>Bad experience We stayed at this hotel in May 2007 and were given a room on the ground floor facing the courtyard. the room was very small. but the horrible experience was the shower. The shower is actually a space in between two of the WC's. You draw the curtain in a semi circle to make space for the shower area. It is absolutely impossible to take a bath without the shower curtain sticking on you. I did not take bath the second day owing to the bad shower. Also the day we were leaving I had several bug bites. The hotel is on the suburbs and takes time to reach the center.I would recommend spending additional dollars and staying in a comfortable hotel in the center of the Florence. I would definitely not stay here again.  
<Date>May 14, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	3	3	4	3	

<Author>Applaudio
<Content>Recommended We can thoroughly recommend the Hotel Ungherese! Our room for 2 adults and 2 kids was neat and clean, with air-con and a good sized bathroom. As mentioned by many others, Sabina is a superb hostess. We had a car so the location in a quiet suburb meant access was easy and parking readily available. Make sure you have a meal at the nearby restaurant Picadilly - an incongruously English name for a truly authentic Italian local trattoria. Chances are you will be the only tourists there - always a good sign. One very small word of caution - we found the buses to and from town during commuting hours to be painfully overcrowded.  
<Date>May 7, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>ChristineJane
<Content>A quiet stay in Florence We stayed here for 2 days at the end of April. The rooms are spacious and clean with clean  efficient bathrooms. Very traditional Italian decor that exactly matches the house. Italy is noisy  yet here in a city hotel we had one of our quietest stops of our week trip! It is a residential neighbourhood, away from the crowds  yes you really can park directly outside in the street for free, except on road cleaning nights when the car has to be moved, or it will be removed. The bus stop is just about 20 yards away with very frequent buses to the city centre.A nice terrace, and an adequate breakfast, but above all excellent value.  
<Date>May 2, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>bigbird1
<Content>Nicest people we met in Italy My husband, son and I stayed here last June. The hosts were highly accomodating. This was our 4th day in Italy and my husbands luggage had still not found us. Sabrina not only washed the clothes he did have on him, but her husband borrowed him a shirt to wear for touring one day. She then tracked down the lost luggage and it was delivered to the hotel. Then when we were leaving I had left some purchases I had made in Florence on the floor and she graciously mailed them to me in the States. We enjoyed the bedroom, the excellent breakfast and really liked sitting on the terrace in the evenings. Will stay with them again when we return to Italy.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	3	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Europe50
<Content>No need to look any further-Hotel Ungherese has it all! My husband and I enjoyed our stay at the Hotel Ungherese so very much that I can't imagine ever staying anywhere else in Florence. We even extended our stay. This was a special trip for us and Sabina and Leonardo (proprietors) made it even more special. I celebrated the Big 50 Birthday in Florence Italy. Sabina made arrangements for us to see David and to visit the Uffizi, what a way to spend your birthday. When we returned to our room that evening, there were balloons everywhere and the most beautiful bouquet of fresh flowers. I was humbled by their kindness. Our room was perfect, the view spectacular. Frankly I'm so glad we stayed where we did. We had the best of both worlds. We were in a great Italian neighborhood at night and downtown and around town during the day. We walked this Italian neighborhood every evening stopping by the pastry shop just before it closed. I'm happy to be home in Oklahoma City, OK but with me everyday, are the memories I have of our stay at the Hotel Ungherese; our new friends, Sabina and Leonardo and beautiful Firenze. Thank you from the bottom of my heart Sabina and Leonardo for making this trip so special. We were spoiled by the best cappuccino every morning too. Thank you also to my sweet sweet husband for all that you do and for making our trip PERFECT!!! LORRY CATES  
<Date>Apr 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mard
<Content>a very comfortable place to stay As a family of four this was a great choice to start our vacation. located outside the city center it provided us a place to get away from the hustle . the bus stop is around the corner and it is only a 10 minute ride to the main part of the city. so convienent! the breakfast were great- sabina truly does make the best cup of cappucino in town- we continually compared her cappucino to all the others we had, and none other cam close. the rooms were clean . the neighborhood was a fun place to explore . the only down side is that the choices of resturant in the neighborhood are limited, though the piccadily pizzeria was our favorite. my advise would be to eat before you get back or get off the bus at via dei mille and find a restaurant around there and hop back on the bus.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	3	5	5	5	3	

<Author>sculpturearts
<Content>Good Place My wife and I stayed in this hotel for five nights earlier this month. Florence can be a grind with all the traffic and tourists. This hotel is in a quiet part of a residential neighborhood on the east side of Florence. I was originally worried about staying away from the center. Instead, as we like to walk, it turned out to be no problem at all. There are no other tourists in this part of Florence.We got to see different neighorhoods and to eat and drink in places where the typical tourist never gets to see. If you've been to Italy,you'll know that there are lots of tourists...staying here gets you off the tourist grid. There is one direct route for walking to the center and two indirect routes to walk to the center. The direct route is about fifteen, twenty minute walk to the old wall around the city (now a blvd.) and hence the old city. The center is another fiften or twenty minutes. It's an interesting walk. Services such as a post office, an internet cafe, a tabbachi, and ATMs are along the way. We didn't take the bus at all the whole time we were in Florence, but there is a bus stop near the hotel. It's probably a ten minute or so ride to the center. These would be buses with few if any tourists. One thing I noticed during our stay is that other Italians in Florence for personal business were staying here. I laterfound out that adult students working on professional degree programsor training stay here as the hotel is close to a hospital where the students receive part of their training. Sabina is super helpful. She's native to the region. She is fluent in verbal English. (I think she speaks or is fluent in four languages including Italian and English.) She is warm and friendly. She is interested in people.Her husband doesn't speak English, but this didn't matter to us during our stay. She is a good manager. She is dedicated to this place. It's a clean place in a safe, quite neighborhood. Breakfast is typicalof Italy for hotels with this number of stars. If you have a question about the room that you are booked for, ask when you are booking. Clean, quiet, good service, and in a neighborhood with no other tourists. We'd stay here again.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	2	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Suess567
<Content>Sabina the most gracious proprietor Sabina, with the help of her husband, went out of her way to provide a lovely experience for us in Florence. Our room was large with a bonus seating area and the morning buffet was just right to start off our day. The lovely terrace must be a great spot in the warmer months to enjoy a cup of coffee. She reserved tickets for the Uffizi and Accademia for us. She gave us precise instructions on how to hop on the bus a very short distance from the hotel to the heart of Florence's attractions 10 minutes away. We were also given very easy to follow directions to drive out of Florence to the highway to Pisa. Great place...great people.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kali925
<Content>Highly recommend! Warm welcome and easy stay in nicely appointed room. Friendly proprietors tried to assist us in every way requested. Very quiet neighborhood, free parking, and easy access by bus to central Florence. Arguably the best cappuccino in Florence served with breakfast. Highly recommend!  
<Date>Feb 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>advisor3
<Content>Would not recommend it I would NOT recommend the HOTEL. If I was leaving a review on a friendfinder, the couple running the hotel would probably be the first couple I would advise to meet and make friends with in Florence. They are extremely helpful, welcoming, informative, supportive and generally very nice people. As far as the hotel is concerned, it is probably for someone who doesn't like luxury at all and doesn't care what their room, bathroom, toilet are like. The hotel is fairly far from the sights and I didn't find any nice restaurants around. On the positive side, the rooms were always clean, the terrace is charming and the breakfasts were good.  
<Date>Feb 9, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	2	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>SummitDon
<Content>Great Florence Hotel The Hotel Ungherese is a charming old hotel run by a young couple, Sabrina, who speaks excellent English and her husband Leonardo.When I arrived without my luggage, thanks to Air France, Sabrina offered to lend me some on her husband's clothes! She immediately began making phone calls to find out the status of the lost luggage, which fortunately arrived the next afternoon. The hotel is located in a nice quiet neighborhood and Sabrina recommended some very good restaurants nearby. There are several busses to the center of the city which stop just around the corner from the hotel. The trip takes about 10 minutes and costs one euro. There is a wonderful breakfast with fruit, cereal, juice and rolls, cafe lattèŒ…, cappuccino and much more. Sabrina gave us a map of Florence and showed us where to get the bus back to the hotel and we never had any problems. We also enjoyed the outside patio. We sat there writing our post cards and sipping our wine. In sum, Sabrina and Leonardo will do everything possible to make your stay enjoyable. I highly recommend this Hotel.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>emsull
<Content>So Nice! I stayed at Hotel Ungherese in Florence, Italy during New Years Eve, and New Years Day 2006. The host and hostess Leonardo and Sabina were so nice and so accomodating, giving great information for the city buses, sights and for restaurant recommendations. Sabina speaks fluent English (what I needed) and fluent Italian, and she even took the time to tell me about the upcoming holiday on January 6th when the children's stockings get filled with sweets from a nice woman who flies in from the sky on a broom :)The hotel itself is beautiful and charming, very clean, and it had just what I needed for my stay. The hotel is in a cute, safe neighborhood, with nearby bus stops for the bus into Florence (only took about 10 minutes to get into the heart of the city).The breakfast spread and the eating area is adorable, and they have so much to offer!I will stay there again and again.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jobeard
<Content>Wonderful and hospitable       The Hostess  
<Date>Jan 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>cascademark
<Content>Pleasant Place in Quiet Neighborhood Beautiful back patio Quiet, peaceful neighborhood Sabina is super-helpful and a wonderful host Excellent cappacino, though breakfast is merely so-so Outstanding value in a relatively expensive cityVery clean Easy walk to the Artemio Franchi stadium to watch ACF Fiorentina matches Take the 11 or 17 bus to and from the city- the 17 seems to run more frequently.Would stay here again- Florence is amazing!  
<Date>Jan 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	4	3	

<Author>dedegirrl
<Content>The fun never stops at Hotel Ungherese After getting lost on the bus from the train station and almost getting pickpocketed, my friend and I were happy to finally reach the hotel...but our greeting was less than welcoming. After being checked in at a snails pace, all the while carrying our 30 pound backpacks, we were led to our room on the terrace. After reading all of the reviews on TA and on Rick Steeves' website, we reserved a room on the terrace. Little do the reviews tell you that you are ON the terrace. It is a public space and opens up right onto your room AND the rooms on the terrace have a bathroom with the shower directly over the toilet! This would not have been bad if it was what we were expecting, but we had no idea. Given, this is a historical building and there are limitations, we admit that we are spoiled and need a separate shower. We asked Sabrina if there was another room available and she was nice to give us another room the next day. This room was spacious and had a separate shower which we were very grateful for. My friend and I are in our 30s and are old enough to know that you cant always get what you want but after we had asked for a different room we felt that the hosts had labeled us as difficult and no matter how nice we tried to be we never felt welcome. I would not stay at this hotel again but If you do decide to stay keep in mind that the walls are paper thin and the terrace bathrooms do not have a separate shower stall. On the plus side, the terrace is nice and the rooms are spacious compared to other places we have stayed in Italy.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	3	3	2	1	-1	

<Author>I&K-TRIP
<Content>Fantastic Hosts!! We now have family in Florence! My girlfriend and I just got back from our first trip to Italy. We started in Milan, and with the aid of the rail system, traveled to Venice, Florence, and Rome. It was in Florence where we met Sabina. No, we did not happen to compare family trees with this lovely woman and find a common ancestor, we simply met a wonderful friend that made us feel as though we were related. The story can go on forever on how nice and hospitable our hosts were at Ungherese but the truth is, we would run out of space! If you share my opinion of what makes one hotel experience better than the other, it would be the character of the people with whom you interact with. Ungherese created that for us. The hotel itself was more than adequate for our needs. If you require frills such as chocalates on your pillow and room service this is not the place for you. The rooms were fairly standard compared to other European hotels in this price range. Very clean and comfortable. But what truly seperates this establishment from others is how friendly and laid back our hosts were. You really felt as though you were invited into their home. The hotel itself, in my opinion, would be better described as a BB. So if this is what you want when you travel, look no further. A few helpful hints we can share:1-The buses at first were a little confusing for me. Travel on the buses should be done with an open mind and with not much luggage. *Call the hotel  ask which bus you should take when you arrive.2- There is a great family run restaurant down the street.3-The walls in the rooms are a little thin, so if you are a light sleeper, or particularly a light sleeper who likes to sleep late, you may consider earplugs.4- We randomly found a great driver to hire to take us through Tuscany. Antonio spoke good English and in our opinion was a good deal...30 euros an hour included a car  fuel. If you want to go to wine country and not worry about driving he is great. Sabina now has his number.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>trixyjane
<Content>fantastic From the moment we arrived we knew this was a great place... The hotel owners looked after us and seemed to know everyone staying there.. we arrived very late our first night and beautiful Sabrina had stayed awake waiting for us... As we hadnt eaten and it was very late hubby asked if she could recomend where we could get a light snack... She was obviously exhausted from the day but she fixed us a light meal... much appreciated..The breakfasts were amazing... the best capuchinos we had in our 6 week trip.. the little garden out the back is a delight. Thankyou very much for making our stay so enjoyable...  
<Date>Nov 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Jayalso
<Content>The best 2* hotel in town My wife and I have just returned from Florence having stayed at this delightful, quietly located hotel, just 15 minutes from the Duomo by regular bus services.Sabina and her husband were always most friendly  helpful and offered us a really substantial breakfast to start the day.Following an incident when my wallet was stolen, Sabina generously spent her Saturday evening with me at the Carabinieri translating their report and helping with the necessary telephoning of my credit card details to the visa banking service.We wish them both well and every success in their new business.James Beardsell. Broadstone. Dorset. U.K.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	-1	5	4	

<Author>petrichor
<Content>BUONGIORNO PRINCIPESSA!!! Can't believe it has taken us so long to write this review. Guess we're still on cloud 9 from our European tour!We traveled to Italy and France for my husband's 40th birthday and our 3 year wedding anniversary. My husband contacted Hotel Ungherese on-line: in order to book our stay.Let me just say, if you are staying in Florence, you MUST stay at Hotel Ungherese!!First - Read Rick Steves' website: www.ricksteves.com so you understand what to expect when traveling abroad. One review on here complained a/b things you should expect when you travel overseas. It is not the United States. They do things differently. (HOORAY!)Second, stay at Hotel Ungherese for an authentic, Tuscan experience. The owners, Sabrina and Leonardo are simply fabulous! Allow me to give you 10 reasons why:1) Leonardo speaks Italian (and is patient with you when you practice yours), while Sabrina speaks 5 languages - including English. This was a major plus for us because our Italian is quite limited. 2) Sabrina made us reservations to the Uffizi and the Acedemy before we arrived, as well as giving us a great restaurant recommendation = Za Za's - YUM! Have the ravioli with turtle sauce, trust me, unless they are having an off night in the kitchen (which I cannot even imagine happening in Italy) - you will NOT be disappointed!3) Sabrina arranged for a driver take us to Milan at the last minute.4) We got the wonderful surprise of balloons placed all over our bed that said Happy Birthday in Italian. 5) Moments after settling in our room, Leonardo deliverd a WONDERFUL, chocolate birthday cake with a 4 and a 0 candle on top.6) Wine, wine glasses, and corkscrew were left on the table in our room for our wedding anniversary the next day.7) I tried to pay them for at least the birthday gifts and they flat refused.8) Breakfast was sooooo good, hard-boiled eggs, sticky, yummy crossaints, chocolate-filled crossaints (um...might I suggest you have 2?), fresh European fruit, yummmy cheeses, and the BEST cappuchino you have ever had - every morning! Once home, we had to buy a Tassimo machine because we are now completely addicted to their cappuchino. Needless to say, we can't make it like Sabrina  Leonardo, but, until our next trip to Italy, it's better than nothing!9) They placed us in a room that overlooked the courtyard and had its own bathroom!!!!!10) They are simply the most lovely people to be around. They have such sweet, thoughtful, and service-oriented personalities I wish we were on our way back to Italy right now! Then I could say: BUONGIORNO PRINCIPESSA SABINA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! =)  
<Date>Nov 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>thoslhall
<Content>Ungherese made Firenze great! We had a lovely time and Ungherese helped make it so. It was WONDERFUL to escape the over-touristed area and retreat to a quiet urban neighborhood. We like it well enough to loop back for the Uffizi visit, stay another night at Ungherese and to eat my birthday dinner (the Florentine bistecca) at the hotel recommended Mastrobulleta. We ate there three times: wonderful food, wine, atmosphere and prices. We also enjoyed the Piccadilly for pizza but we missed the pro pizza guy who came on at 8PM. Both places open at 7PM and are pretty slow until 8.The hosts are Ungherese are very helpful and kind. They offer excellent advice and will help with the HIGHLY RECOMMENDED museum reservations. They offer a very nice breakfast included with the room fee which we found very fairly priced. The place is older but very clean and quiet. I would probably not have enjoyed the visit had we stayed in the old area with all the tourists. That is not to denigrate Firenze but the older are is over run with tourists, crowded, expensive and noisey.As an aside, two overlooked musuems in the touristy area are the Museum of Precious Stones and the Science Museum around the corner from the Uffizi.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lchellingworth
<Content>We loved the Ungherese! My husband and I arrived at the Hotel Ungherese for our 4 night stay in late afternoon so it was dark and we were unable to have a look at the neighbourhood. We were given a room right by the front door which I was a little alarmed by because I had hoped for a quiet back room. The room was spacious, very clean, with an extra bed and a chair and table so there was plenty of surface space for our bits and pieces. The bathroom was spotless as well.We needn't have worried about noise because it was very quiet as it is a residential neighbourhood. The only noise we heard were the bells from the local church on Sunday. The bed was very comfortable and we slept like logs! The shower was good and there was plenty of hot water.Sabina and Leonardo are both quiet and not 'in your face' but are friendly and really helpful. Leonardo gave us a map and marked bus stops and clear directions to the very frequent buses (numbers 11 and 17) which whizzed into the centre of Florence in between 10 and 12 minutes depending on traffic. I really liked this as I enjoy going through neighbourhoods seeing how people live and shop. The breakfast was really good; typically continental with cereals, yummy yogurt, cold meats, cheese, croissants, eggs and more!We ate at the two restaurants that were recommended by Leonardo and Sabina. The food was very good at both but we liked the Piccadilly more that the Mastrobulleta but only because the service was so much better. I think our waitress at Mastrobulleta was having a bad day.I would highly recommend the Ungherese if you like a quiet, comfortable, clean hotel with friendly service. And Peggy the cat is lovely, too!  
<Date>Nov 8, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lorriemarchington
<Content>Loved the personal touch and invaluable advice We had read about the hotel on trip adviser and we were not disappointed. Lovely rooms, great outdoor terrace, dogs and cat friendly. Sabina's recommends made the trip great - we ate in the nearby Osteria and the 'Piccaddilly' Pizza place nearby. We will definately be going back!Mick and Lorrie Marchington  
<Date>Nov 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>argento1
<Content>Conflicting reviews My friend and I booked this hotel based on the reviews. After a two hour ordeal trying to find the place, we arrived and were hardly given a greeting. We were told what buses we needed to take to town and then shown to our room which was right next to the lobby. We had asked for a room with a view of the terrace and were given a room ON the terrace. As a previous review said, the walls are paper thin so if you sneeze the whole hotel hears you. The constant traffic in and out of the hotel is also very audible. Our shower was over the toilet and although I know this is common for older hotels, we were not excited about this and asked to change rooms. We were told that we had asked for a room with a view of the terrace and we have it. Sabrina offered to switch our room the next day to a room in which the shower was separate from the toilet and sink. We also could not open the door to the terrace because the cat would come in our room. The next day we switched rooms and the room was larger with a bathroom that had a separate shower. However, we never felt welcome in the hotel and the whole experience was uncomfortable. Although the room we switched to was not bad the overall experience was uncomfortable and we dreaded going back to the hotel everyday. We had just come from an exceptional hotel in Venice where we were greeted by our name everyday and asked how our day was so it was like night and day with this hotel. Although the room we moved to was not bad, I still have to give this hotel an okay rating because of the service.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>billyandmonya
<Content>The Perfect Hotel       The View from Room 9  
<Date>Oct 31, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>Blou3
<Content>Most Gracious and Caring Owners Ever       Full moon from our window  
<Date>Oct 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lgluther
<Content>Wonderful Hosts, Lovely Hotel I stayed at the Hotel Ungherese for 5 days with my mom and canéˆ¥æª› say enough nice things about the hotel. I want to reserve especially high praise for the hoteléˆ¥æªš hosts Sabina and Leonardo. I agree with the previously-provided glowing reviews about the hotel itself, so Iéˆ¥æª’l just give a couple of personal experiences beyond those I had a small accident while driving my rental car for a day trip in Siena. Sabina and Leonardo arranged for me to take it to a garage that fit me in the next morning and determined that the rental car was under warrantyéˆ¥æ»ixing the damage while I waited for free. If I had been left on my own to find a mechanic (something Iéˆ¥æª‡ have trouble doing away from home in the States) it would have likely cost a fortune and possibly a great deal of time out of my vacation. As it was, it was taken care of in a matter of hours. Leonardo offered to take the car himself, but I couldnéˆ¥æª› impose THAT much. Still, I thought his offer went far above and beyond anything you could hope for at another hotel. Also, when we returned from a day of sightseeing, Sabina mentioned that Leonardo had been foraging for mushrooms earlier and was making mushroom risotto. After expressing how wonderful that sounded, she rewarded my mom and I with a éˆ¥æ¸¢asteéˆ¥?that ended up being a large plate of delicious risotto for each of us. Finally, it was such a trat to play with their friendly cat Peggy Sue and puppy Pongoéˆ¥æ•hey added to the already relaxing experience of the beautiful terrace, which was a perfect spot to wind down after a long day of walking and crowds.The people who wrote éˆ¥æ¸™verratedéˆ¥?and éˆ¥æ¸˜ot as great as the reviews sayéˆ¥?appear to have their own personal issues that sound unreasonable to me. To rate the hotel poorly on Service, Location, Value, and Rooms is extremely unfair. The Hotel Ungherese provides travelers with the classic, intimate éˆ¥æ·Béˆ¥?experience. If you want to get out of the crowds of the city, have a true Florentine experience with gracious hosts, in a lovely hotel, that is far more reasonablly priced than others in Florence, then the Hotel Ungherese is for you. I can not recommend it highly enough.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Ollou
<Content>Our wonderful stay at Hotel Ungherese, Florence My husband and I just returned from a wonderful month of travelling throughout Italy with a stay of two days in FLorence. How fortunate we were to have made reservations at Hotel Ungherese where Manager Sabina and husband Marco welcomed us warmly. A most pleasant room was given to us next to their beautiful terrace which was so enjoyable in the evening. An excellent breakfast was served daily after which, Sabina, who speaks English fluently, provided us with detailed touring advice and information on easy access to the centre of Florence. At the end of the day, upon returning to the hotel, Sabina seemed always delighted to hear about our day of touring. We were treated like family and what a wonderful feeling that is when away from home.To make it easier for us, Manager Sabina willingly helped us reserve future hotels on our behalf for the days ahead. Not speaking Italian, this gesture on her part meant a lot to us.A few days after our departure, my husband realized that he had left his architect's ring in the hotel room. Upon calling, Sabina reassured him that his ring was found and that it would be mailed to us in Canada. Such integrity!We wish Sabina  Marco continued success in the management of their attractive, quiet and well located Hotel Ungherese. Sincerely,Olivette  Jack  
<Date>Oct 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mcgarrido
<Content>Charming and Unique My family and I stayed at this property and while we have written about it before yet we were disappointed that someone in Ireland complained about its location and someone in the UK about thin walls or tiny bathrooms.As an avid airline executive, and having a daughter who lives in the center of Florence, I have found the Ungherese location to be ideal because it is in a quiet residential, safe and yet upscale neighborhood, close enough to the center of Florence that you can be there in a couple of minutes.On the thin walls and tiny bathrooms, I have inspected many properties all over Italy and Europe and they are built with bricks and concrete as the Ungherese, and I would not consider the Ungherese's walls thin nor the bathrooms tiny as there is a specific harm to every detail of this property that makes it second to none -- you just have to understand the uniqueness and Florentine flavor to value what this property offers.Having spent several days at the Ungherese and having met the owners and the staff, this is without a doubt the nicest, most polite and highly educated service oriented group that you will find anywhere.The Ungherese is not only worth every penny but more and for guests looking for charm and high class details and services, this is most definitely the place to go.Take it from someone who travels over 300,000 miles a year and who has over 25 years of experience travelling abroad -- the Ungherese will provide nothing but the best.Enjoy,Maria Garrido  
<Date>Oct 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JudeSwift
<Content>Loved this place! We chose this hotel because it had free street parking for our rental car [booked to take day trips to the hill towns of Tuscany]. We read that there was easy access to Florence city center by the bus right near the hotel. The bus turned out to be so easy that we cancelled the car and later celebrated the fact that we were in a quiet residential neighborhood. Which brings me to the Hotel Ungherese - it's like staying at your beloved grandmother's house! Very residential, quaint, homey, super clean and absolutely charming, down to Peggy, the little white cat sleeping on the stairs. Sabina and Leonardo's personal attention helped us go from a little reserved the first day to feeling like family on the 5th day when we left. Every morning, we enjoyed a full breakfast downstairs, accompanied by Leonardo's delicious coffee - everything from Americano to cafe latte, and he would gladly make you more than one! My niece and her boyfriend got engaged on this trip, and Sabina provided chianti, flowers and a cute little stuffed animal - all gratis! Sabina also recommended a local restaurant that we went back to two nights in a row. We were a 5 member family group and she joined right in. I would definitely stay there again. I knew that Hotel Ungherese would be a smaller and more community place, and was not disappointed. We stayed in three smaller hotels on our trip [in Rome and Venice] and the Hotel Ungherese was by far the most agreeable. It's clear that Sabina and Leonardo love what they do, and they really respond to people who understand that. Jude Swift, Los Angeles, CA, USA  
<Date>Oct 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>moogyt
<Content>Not as great as the reviews say Booked this place as we wanted to stay slightly out of the centre in a quiet area and in a personal/small hotel. As I booked the rooms two months in advance I was able to ask for one of the rooms with a 'balcony/garden view' (as recommended by other reviewers of this hotel). Booking was no problem, but when we arrived we realised that our 'balcony' was in fact a communal terrace - so we needed to keep our blinds drawn if we wanted some privacy. The doors are also like paper - and our internal door opened up into the a main corridor - and into the reception so things were rather noisier than expected. I did ask one of the staff if we could move to room upstairs (politely in Italian) and was greeted with a brusk response in English that 'you asked for a room with a balcony so that's what you have. We're full so you can't move.' I responded that although they'd met our requests for a balcony/garden view we didn't know that this involved a communal terrace next to our room and paper thin doors into the main reception area. I just got a shrug in response.So - my advice: - if you do stay here make sure you do not stay on the ground floor- bring your ear plugs- don't expect a super romantic idyll. It's a reasonable, clean, functioning villa in a suburb of Florence. Some of the staff are friendly (2 of the 3).- I won't be staying there again.- it's not so cheap either.....For the money, all in all I feel we would have been better staying in a less personal hotel with thicker walls, a proper bathroom and that standard cold/friendly/anonymous welcome associated with some of the international chains.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2006
<Rating>3	2	2	2	4	3	2	-1	

<Author>globertraveller
<Content>Over rated I toured around the north of Italy with my partner in September and stayed in five different hotels in total with a budget of éˆ§?00 per night BB. Having completed my holiday I now have a good idea of what is available in this price category.This hotel (more of a BB really) is about a 10-15 minute bus ride out of Florence. The bus service is quite good (although the buses are very busy at peak times) but inevitably you may wait up to ten minutes to catch a bus so on average you are looking at about 20 minutes to get from the city centre to the hotel and vice-versa and at the end of my three day stay I concluded that if you donéˆ¥æª› have a car you would be better off staying in a hotel in the centre of Florence (especially if you want to visit the city at night).The hotel itself is in a lovely old house which was nicely decorated. Our room was a reasonable size with lots of period features but unfortunately the bathroom had a few problems i.e. the shower leaked and the toilet flushing handle was broken (but the toilet could still be flushed by lifting the cover and activating it).On the food front breakfast was standard Italian fare so donéˆ¥æª› expect too much and the atmosphere in the small breakfast room was very quiet and so you just wanted to eat your food as quickly as possible and to get out. A restaurant recommended by the owner one evening in the locality turned out to be the worst meal of our holiday unfortunately. Overall this hotel is reasonably good but if you donéˆ¥æª› have a car you would be better off in the centre of Florence if that is where the focus of your holiday is.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	2	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>HCG
<Content>Beautiful hotel, helpful staff and great value My husband and I would absolutely recommend this hotel to anyone visiting Florence. Sabrina was professional, friendly and went out of her way to make our stay in Florence enjoyable and comfortable. The rooms were clean, breakfast was good (enjoyed the expresso and fresh coffee) The hotel is situated in a quiet, nice neighborhood outside of the busy centre of Florence. Sabrina was great in carefully describing how to access a bus into the city centre (which runs every 10 minutes throughout the day and night).Definitely a great value and would certainly recommend to anyone.Thanks Sabrina, for your wonderful hospitality.Heather and Dave  
<Date>Sep 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>JerseyObserver
<Content>A fine place to stay in Florence The Hotel Ungherese provides comfortable accommodation, sincere hospitality, and convenient location at a more than affordable price. A large room, with a high-quality kingsized bed, was nicely decorated and had an air-conditioner that functioned well. Even at morning rush-hour, there was relatively little street noise to disturb late-sleepers. Proper shutters give guests the option of blocking the intruding morning sun. The hotel is in San Gervasio, a leafy residential district of Florence, and is far enough from the center of town that those arriving by car need not fear the hefty charges that attend a thrust into the historic zone, however unintentional. Rick Steves, the travel writer, was correct in saying that free, on-street parking was to be found near the hotel. Proprietors Sabrina Ravagli and Leonardo Mori will make reservations at Florence's museums for guests, though it is a good idea to ask them to do so weeks in advance. Bus transportation from the hotel to the Piazza Duomo is close-by. From there, feet are the best means of conveyance to a museum.  Sabrina speaks excellent English, and she and Leonardo will do their best to provide information or ice, and you'll likely be greeted by the family cat, Peggy Sue, who just celebrated her first birthday.  Another plus is the well-furnished, lush garden on the ground floor. Florence is a musem city, and the garden, with its tables and chairs, is a fine place to sit and reflect on the beauty of the city's art, enjoy refreshments, take notes, chat, read a book, or plan activities ahead. Down the street, the Trattoria Mastrobuletta provides an additional reason to stay at the Ungherese. It's an informal restaurant, open late and tending to a neighborhood crowd. Food is excellent, service is warm and cheerful, and prices are more than fair. A request for consecutive pasta dishes, instead of a pasta course followed by meat, as is the custom in Italy, will be honored with a smile. The fresh-made pasta is certainly of double-header quality.  In summary, the Ungherese is exellent for the price. It offers a discount for cash and a further reduction if Rick Steves is mentioned.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Hauzi
<Content>Great place, great help I have already had three stays at Ungherese this year. In early April I came to Florence for an job interview. The terrace at Ungherese was the ideal place to prepare for it and the quiet neighborhood helped to get relaxed. AND, I got the job. Since August I live in Florence permanently ( actually very close to Ungherese). In this way, I wanna use this forum to say thank you to Sabina for her hospitality. Particularly in the first days, when I was moving to Florence, she was of a great help which made things a lot easier for me. Thank you!  
<Date>Sep 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>travelinfamilyof4
<Content>Nothing less than splendid!!! What can I possibly say that hasnéˆ¥æª› been said again and again in each of the previous glowing reviews? I could say that the Hotel Ungherese was an enchanting hotel: that the young owners, Sabrina and Leonardo, were charming, accommodating hosts; that the hotel was immaculate and inviting; that the breakfast buffet was healthy, beautifully displayed and delicious; that the location of the hotel was perfectly set in a quiet neighborhood a short bus ride to éˆ¥æ¸„owntownéˆ¥? that Sabrinaéˆ¥æªš recommendation of a restaurant turned out to be one of the highlights of our entire European trip. Yes I could say all that, but that would be a simply restate of what so many reviewers have already said. But only a few of the reviews have touched on the true essence of this hotel experience and what made it so incredibly special. If you are a éˆ¥æ¸¢ouristéˆ¥?looking for a downtown hotel with a fancy lobby, expensive dining room and an impersonal concierge who talks to a hundred different guests a day, donéˆ¥æª› stay at the Hotel Ungherese. But if you are looking to experience Florence as if you actually lived in this beautiful city, as if you were a member of a wonderful family living in a Florentine neighborhood, where the recommendations for restaurants and sight seeing come from someone who knows you by name, I guarantee that Hotel Ungherese is the place for you. Every moment will be memorable. The Uffizi Gallery, the Pitti Palace, the Boboli Gardens, the Duomo, Galleria dell' Accademia, the remarkable Santa Croce (recommended by Sabrina éˆ¥?donéˆ¥æª› miss it!!) éˆ¥?all these sights are a 10-minute bus ride from the hotel. And when you return to the hotel, you can step outside on to the lovely flowered terrace and experience true Italy éˆ¥?for from this terrace you can watch and listen as Florentine neighbors chat across flowered balconies as they hang their laundry or water their potted plants. It is all so colorful, vivid and real. It is nothing less than splendid. To Sabrina and Leonardo we say thank you for making our celebration in Florence so special éˆ¥?our 13 year old will never forget it. We will return. And to everyone reading this review I can only say: DONéˆ¥æ©³ EVEN THINK ABOUT STAYING ANYWHERE ELSE!!!  
<Date>Aug 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Wienerin
<Content>What a nice place to stay!!! Let me confirm what other people have already said about the Ungherese in Florence - it's the most charming, friendly and GREAT value place to stay when exploring Florence. I have been to this city many times before but never enjoyed a hotel so much. The location is great: the centro is just a short bus ride away. The hotel is very nice: the rooms are small but nicely decorated and clean, the terrace offers a marvellous spot to relax after a long day of sightseeing and the owners are extremely friendly and helpful. I will certainly come back.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Indynomad
<Content>Great treatment at Hotel Ungherese   showReview(5503402, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Harbert
<Content>Extraordinary Value   showReview(5491000, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>misschickie
<Content>Excellent Service!!   showReview(5407634, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>RMDJW
<Content>First-class Experience   showReview(5356095, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 17, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Hotel that feels like a Bed and Breakfast   showReview(5298404, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>mgarrido
<Content>A home away from home   showReview(5029611, 'full');   
<Date>May 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Picturesque and Perfect   showReview(4934771, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect stay   showReview(4144509, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 26, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>fa106
<Content>Le due stelle sono solo sulla porta...   showReview(7266465, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>MD&CM
<Content>Un hotel excelente   showReview(6032708, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 31, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>NRyDB
<Content>Un hotel extraordinario.   showReview(5857297, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>pensionato   showReview(5297073, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>accogliente   showReview(4335615, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 10, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

