<Author>CAROSLLE
<Content>BARFFF! It was my first time at an all inclusive resort so i was pretty excited to go... we arrived pretty late our first night and were VERY hungry - but there was NO food to be found..unless you were looking for an old crusty bun and some nasty meat (which we were not) --- soo we hit the bar instead we almost went into a coma from all the sugar in the lame drinks. not impressed. The beach is great but being Canadian girls we arent accustomed to topless women and old speedo-ed men. One of the girls sllipped on the dirty [--] floors and got a leg injury .not impressed. Now heres where the horror story begins!!!!!!!!!!!! the food tasted okay.. i guess.. but as vegatrians we couldnt eat to much... what we did eat made us VERRRRRRRRYYYY ILL!!!!! not impressed!!!! after one week of throwing up -- and sitting on a toilet (ants in the bathroom) -- wising for our death we were more than happy to go home - this was by FARRR the best day of our trip!!!! NOTTTTTT IMPRESSED!!!! When we got back to Canada we went to the doctors first thing - we were givin LOTSS of med's and one of the girls had to go to the hospital due to the severity of illness that was inflicted onto her by the WONDERFUL LTI now known as the VIK I wonder how great this resort really is if they had to change their name???? Lawsuit anyone????  
<Date>Jan 9, 2009
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	2	1	1	

<Author>greatstar
<Content>Great for Families and Newbies to Punta Cana       Grounds  
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>RedMattOttawa
<Content>Very good - worth the visit       Pool  
<Date>Dec 30, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	5	3	5	3	-1	

<Author>Samyjo
<Content>Pretty Good Time...       bavaro beach  
<Date>Dec 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	5	4	3	-1	

<Author>natkaOrillia
<Content>will smith       trees  
<Date>Dec 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	2	4	5	1	5	5	

<Author>lissyVernonbcCanada
<Content>This hotel licks!!! When we arrived at this hotel on Dec11th we were shocked that are room wasn't ready since we had arrived 2hrs late. I was [-] that we had to wait 1hr, then I felt bad as I realized others before us had been waiting 2.5 hrs for their room. This is not what you want to walk into after a long flight, trust me. When we did get our room the mud on the walls was still wet it smelled so bad like paint thinner. There was construction dust everywhere. We did keep this room though and didn't complain because we actually got a real king bed and I had heard about everyone else having the horrible seperate beds so we toughed it out with the smell and no AC, yes that's right, no AC. The food sucks the eggs are so runny I would not eat them. Alot of the meat is deep fried I am sure because it is ancient. The hamburgers that you get during the day are soaking in some nasty mystery meat juice GROSS!!!! The deserts are all simulated fake tasting. The coffee comes out of a machine like you would use at your local 7/11. The wine is so watered down that you would have to drink 5 jugs to get a buzz.. I guess this resort cut costs on the food and booze to pay for the renos that you get to enjoy listening to everyday how soothing listening to drills and hammering, my favorite! Every person I met had got sick from the food, please listen to me do not go to this resort it is a waste of your hard earned money. I went to the spa to get a pedi there were toenails on the floor everywhere and the water in the foot bath was cold then she shut the jets off because she said she didn't like the noise oh yah and expect to get some narly foot fungus they dont steralize anything. The beach is georgeous the pool is clean but you can get that at almost any resort. We are still sick and it is the 21st today, NASTY!!! This hotel should be called the LIK. Peace out.  
<Date>Dec 21, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	2	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>eltbus
<Content>Coral Lovers go Dom. Rep. LTI now known as Vik Group Hotel. My husband and I have just spent 4 weeks at this very pleasant hotel, returning to the U.K. on 16th December 2008. The hotel was fine, perhaps a little tired. The beach, weather, hotel staff and service! We have no complaints.We had a lovely holiday, all in all. We also met some lovely people, ciao! Antonio e Salvatore, We have read some reviews on this hotel and we wonder if we have been to the same hotel some other people have reviewed. We found the staff at this hotel to be excellent. The food in the main buffet was also very good. We have visited virtually every island in the Caribbean and found this island and this hotel comparable to any other.  
<Date>Dec 21, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>donroberts6
<Content>Woderful Experience When we first got to this resort I found the staff went out of their way to help us in any way they could. The grounds were very clean and beautiful to look at. The pool was amazing and actually not that crowded..The beach of course was by far the best we have ever seen. As for the rooms we were given I do believe one of the recently renovated ones. Very spacious and clean. Maid did an excellent job every day. I must have been at a different resort from others as I found there was a huge variety of food with all kinds of desert to follow. Plenty of chiken, pork, bef and seafood. Of course there were quite a few people from Germany there but they went out of their way to try and speak English to us. We had a wonderful time with them. D.Roberts  
<Date>Dec 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>marcofkippax
<Content>amazing holiday where the bad reviews come from for this hotel i do not know because i had a fantastic time in this lovely resort. the food was beautiful, the scenery was lovely and the staff are amazing, utterly amazing. they would get games of football going or volleyball or take you away to learn spanish or do a poolside game, the bar staff are all lovely, waiters in the buffet area were very hardworking where nothhing was too much hassle. all the differant workers here wear uniforms so you know exactly who to see about anything.the pool was great with balls supplied and goalposts in the pool and on the beach, from my room both the pool and beach were less than a minutes walk away. best holiday i have ever had  
<Date>Dec 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>PrGirl23
<Content>Good for your Granma who likes JELL-O Maybe it was the time of year, but it felt like I was in an old age home! And JELL-O to top it off. Lots of large groups from Germany and Russia. SITE: Liked the grounds and configuration of hotel which made it seem smaller than 447 rooms. Construction? What construction? A saw a few workers here and there but nothing about the noise others wrote about. Ok I was in building 5 overlooking the Ocean Blue Resort but... On weird thing: there are no stools at the bars, only lots of tables which make it harder to meet people.FOOD DRINK: Some choice, but lots of food in sauce... Worst thing: no real espresso machine! You could only get some powder espresso starting at 8:15 in the lobby from an automatic distributor. Drinkable, but by no means satisfactory for those of us who like good strong coffee. After a while, you get tired of local alcool too which all taste the same. Grab yourself a bottle of nice wine at the duty free coming in, you'll enjoy it compared to the wine they serve there. I went twice to La Proa - the seafood non inclusive restaurant. Good food and excellent service. BEACH: clean, lots of chairs and palapas but water a little murky due to the constant waves.STAFF: Most are nice and friendly and do deserve a few dollars of tip (which they don't seem to get very often due to the type of clientele). VENDORS: Beware the constant nagging by vendor INSIDE the resort. Anything from timeshare (they grab you at the buffet restaurant) to dominican night. You can't take a few steps without being asked where you're from and come see my stall. ANNOYING. In Plaza Bavaro there even worse!This was my 1st time in DR and likely my last. I'll keep going to Cuba where the people are nice, the music is soothing and you can really relax on your vacation!  
<Date>Dec 17, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	4	4	5	

<Author>celesteofmontreal
<Content>Don't be tempted by the price-- go elsewhere. I was really hesitant to book this trip because of some of the reviews I read here and now I definitely wish I鈥檇 listened to my instinct. As soon as I arrived at the VIK Arena Blanca (formerly the LTI), I knew I was in for it. A number of rooms were under construction and yet the staff was trying to place guests in rooms that had no electricity nor air conditioning. In other rooms, the lights wouldn鈥檛 turn off at all. Guests had to literally fight with reception to be moved to another room, while others just suffered. Because of this situation, they had more guests than nice, functioning rooms. Which meant that when I arrived, a 24 year old female all by myself, I guess the receptionists saw me as someone who would be easy to cheat out of the oceanview room I paid for, and to put me in a small ground floor non-ocean view room right next to the construction. And it took a lot of arguing on my part (I have some fight in me) and a lot of rudeness on the part of the receptionist in order to get the room that I paid for. And even then, to call it an oceanview room would be stretching it. More like ocean-peek. It could sort of see a bit of a white cap now and then when the wind blew the trees a certain way... and if I held a seashell to my ear, yeah, I could hear the ocean... except between 8:45 and about 11:15 every night, during which I couldn鈥檛 even hear myself think because the music from the entertainment was pounding through my room while I was trying to write. Or, you know, relax... 鈥榗ause I was on vacation. What was worse was that they played the same annoying songs every night, which by night 6 was driving me absolutely out of my mind. What was also disappointing about the room was my 鈥渒ing鈥?bed... not a king at all, in fact, but rather two ancient (antique?) twin beds pushed together, with two twin comforters for each, and two separate sheet sets. Except the sheet sets didn鈥檛 have a fitted sheet 鈥?they just had a flat sheet wrapped and tucked under the mattress. So if you toss and turn a little (and believe me, you will, the beds are so uncomfortable), you dislodge the flat sheet and wake up on a bare, nasty, dirty, ancient twin mattress. So, 4 stars? Yeah, right. Aside from that, the room was clean and the complimentary minibar came in handy. The cleaning staff was warm, but I only had them come every two days. But when they did come, they often had to come in two trips which was slightly inconvenient because you get undressed to take a shower and realize that you have no towels. You find the maid and ask for more and she says they ran out, but someone will drop by later to bring you more. In the meantime, if you had plans to get ready for a nice dinner and wash the chlorine or sand off of you 鈥?forget it. You have to go to dinner as you are. But with clothes on.Speaking of dinner: oh my [--] goodness. The food was horrendous. The food was always either undercooked or dried out altogether. Good luck finding any pork in the battered and fried pork chops. The scrambled eggs a mound of runny wet yellow grossness. For the salad bar: I hope you like flavourless olive oil or thousand islands dressing. Or ketchup. And Kraft Singles. And watery tuna-salad-something-or-other. You will spend a good part of your evening just waiting for the food-poisoning to kick in. That said, I never ventured into the a-la-carte restaurants because I was alone (and I find that awkward because waiters always want to know where your boyfriend is). But speaking of waiters鈥攖hey were excellent. They were warm, friendly and attentive. They were quick to refill your watered-down frothy wine or your Cola light which 鈥?even virgin 鈥?always tasted like it had a little rum something in it. All the fountain sodas taste a little rummy. But when you dare to go to the mini-market to pick up two small Diet Cokes and a small thing of chocolate (because you鈥檙e starving, after all) 鈥?be prepared to pay $18 USD for it. We had a few days of rain 鈥?which, naturally, I don鈥檛 blame on the VIK 鈥?but when that happens, that鈥檚 when a hotel鈥檚 4 starts should still make your visit enjoyable. Your room should be comfortable, your cable television should work rather than having no volume on some channels, or a Direct TV icon floating around on a black screen. The internet should work. When it doesn鈥檛, you should at least be refunded for the minutes you wasted getting 鈥渃annot find server鈥?and not being able to log out of your account, with the minutes still going, going, gone. The food should be, if not always piping hot or even totally flavourful, edible and not frightening. When the resort invites a group of vendors to set up stands outside the restaurant, the men working there should not persistently ask you if you鈥檝e ever been with a black man, nor try to persuade you to ditch your boyfriend (I lied and said he was sick and in our room) to let him show you how much better he can 鈥済ive it to you鈥? However, on the sunny days, the beautiful and immaculately kept resort grounds helped compensate for some of the VIK鈥檚 shortcomings, and the beach was unlike any other I鈥檝e seen.Would I recommend the VIK? Absolutely not. Passengers I flew with had a much better time at the Bavaro Princess and... another resort with Princess in the name. Book it at your own risk. If you do go: bring your Gravol, your portable DVD player, some Myoflex (for your aching back and neck in the morning), a poster of the ocean to put on your wall, and your pepper spray. Enjoy.  
<Date>Dec 15, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	4	1	2	1	

<Author>BEACH911
<Content>Don't bother with this one-no longer LTI standards       peeling paint  mold  
<Date>Dec 14, 2008
<Rating>1	3	1	3	2	1	2	-1	

<Author>pvm
<Content>beautiful beach  I was at this hotel from Dec 4th to the 12th. The weather was fantastic except for the last day which rained. Okay lets get into the resort itself. It currently changed management and went from LTI Punta Cana to VIK Arena Blanca, what i was told was that when this happened more than half the staff was let go. They are in the process of renovating the rooms. My check in was fast and we were given 2 rooms close by. To be honest i was not really disappointed with the resort, not like i have read in some of the reviews but again everyone has their own expectations and tastes.Ok the rooms, we were in building 2 which has not yet been renovated as they are doing one building at a time. My room was clean, the bed was not too bad and i did not have such a bad view. I will agree that they hotel does not provide any washcloths so bring your own as well as bring your own soap as they have liquid soap in the bathroom. I know some people have complained about the noise but to be honest the construction noise is only during the day and it truly is not that bad that it bothers you. I really have no complaints about the quality of the pillows or bed as i slept without any problems every night. Food was not bad at all. I always found something to eat and the pizza at the beach bar is fantastic. It was always fresh and yummy. I also loved the bbq chicken and was always saved a piece at lunch by the cook. The service is not bad at all and i tipped daily and to be honest was remembered and service was always provided very promptly as well as with a smile. Tipping a dollar here and there is not required by any means but always appreciated by the staff.Ok now to the beach and pool. The beach is absolutely beautiful, white sands and the water is wonderful and warm. I never had any problems getting a chair to lounge on at any time of the day. I know that the beach the little huts get taken fast in the morning but there is always some shade so there is no problems at all. As for the pool you can always get shade and sun at any time of the day. The activity team is always doing something so there is always some fun activities happening. If you do want to go shopping there are some shops on the beach about 4 mins from the hotel and we called it Tent city, be prepared to bargain and you can get some good deals. Dont be put off by some of the negative reviews. If you dont expect the Ritz you will enjoy yourself. The beach is beautiful and the grounds are kept very clean and nice. People are friendly and they do speak English at the front desk as well as the bars and restaurants, i had no problems what so ever. The food was always good and i never went without eating or got sick from the food or drinks. Overall my experience with this resort was not bad at all. I enjoyed it and would go back in the future maybe once most of the renovations are done.  
<Date>Dec 14, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>VentureTraveller
<Content>Great, Small Resort We used Trip advisor extensively before booking this resort and we were not disappointed. We had a great room with 鈥渙cean view鈥?(would highly recommend this option - well worth it), and balcony. I can say the room was bigger then in many North American hotels, clean, with fridge that is re-stocked daily with soft drinks and bottled water. There were two cabinets in the hallway, nice bathroom, king size bed and central a/c, which we only used to cool down the room during the day.The beach is only steps away and can be reached within 5 min from anywhere in the resort. I will not dwell on the beach quality, since you can see pictures posted by others. It is fair to say that it鈥檚 EXCELLENT. One suggestion is to get there early (between 8-9 o鈥檆lock) if you wish to have your own cabana/umbrella. This is a small resort with few entertainment options, more on the quiet side, which was exactly what we were looking for. Most nights we were in bed by 11 and up around 7:30. This is NOT a party place by any means.Food was tasty, with good selection everyday: salad bar, fruit, daily soup, vegetables, breads, pastry and deserts. I will not go into details on the food as I realize tastes vary and what might be great for me, could be inadequate for others. In any case, I have not seen anyone complain and could tell by the looks of other visitors that most were satisfied. One complaint I have concerns the persistent and at times annoying tour/time share/ water sports salesmen. They are everywhere and constantly try to offer you something, especially if you are walking on the beach. We were told to bargain on everything and typical rate is 2-3 times LOWER then what they ask initially. We have found this to be true and once the salesmen stop smiling at you then you are getting a fair price. Hope this helps. Do not hesitate to contact me if you have any questions.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>Vicki_Gordon
<Content>Consider it 'Just OK for me' Travel Dates: December 3-11/08.This was our annual girls week away to Punta Cana. We chose the VIK because I knew of the location (right next door to the PCP which I stayed in 3 months ago). The price for this trip was $397.00 plus taxes ($308.00). We booked it to include oceanview in advance so we knew exactly what we should be expecting when we arrived.Arrival: We arrived on time without any winter delays this year. Our arrival at the resort was very what I would call out of the ordinary. I must preface this by saying that I have been to the Dominican 10 times over the last 3 years and have stayed in many different resorts in both Puerta Plata and Punta Cana. On our arrival at the VIK, we were not greeted by anyone, we had the bus driver point for us to go to the desk, and were not given any type of drink after our long journey. I though oh, well, this nicety was just forgotten or missed. What we really did not know, was that this is really the norm at this resort. None of the employees seemed happy or even happy to have us at the resort. It was a strange feeling. Unfortunatey, I know that this is my review, but the sentiment was felt by everyone else that we spoke to at the resort as well. I am used to seeing the employees dancing and singing and smiling all or most of the time. I did not see this AT ALL at this resort. It was kind of a strange feeling. Anyway, back to our arrival...........We received our room information, and it was exactly as I had asked for. We were in building 5 on the second floor facing the ocean. It was a beautiful view and I was very impressed. Our Room: It was very very clean and well presented but dated. The hotel is currently in the process of renovating the rooms, one block at a time. I was not at all disappointed in the room. As others have indicated, it was a little stange to have half of the bathroom door with a window for all to see. The actual toilet area was kind of tucked around the corner of the bathroom, so not quite in the total view of everyone. You had one sink in the bathroom with your standard shower area. You have 2 bath towels and 2 hand towels.....so if you use facecloths, bring your own. Do not expect any other amenities...........bring all of your own soaps, shampoos, creams, etc...........you will not get anything here. Out of the 7 days we were there, we only had what I would call hot water 2 of those days. The other 5 was luke warm at the very best. The storage spaces are adequate. One side of the entrance to the bathroom is a closest which holds the safe and a place to put your clothes, the other side is another closet which has a place to put your suitcases and hanger space for more clothing. The dresser in the room has 4 drawers (good size) and a bar fridge. In the fridge, you receive 2 large bottles of water, 2 coke, 2 sprite which are replenished daily. The beds are ok, but very low to the ground. It felt funny having them at knee level. I had to ask for an additional blanket because I get cold in the night with the air conditioning. The pillows are the worst I have ever slept on anywhere in my life. I do not know how to stress that any stronger. They are made out of chip foam and stuffed into what looks like a pillow. I had to have four of them around my head to have half a decent nights sleep. If you have any spare room in your luggage, bring your own. The daily cleaning of the room was ok, with the exception of one day, they did not come until 6:30 at night. I just asked for clean towels and sent them along their way. You do not get any nice touches to your room as I have received at any of the other resorts that we have ever stayed in. I also found that a little strange as we always left money every day for the housekeeping staff. We did not have TV for 2 days as they lost their satelite. We did not have a TV converter for 5 days as they had run out.Food: Good and bad.........The breakfast buffets were what you would expect from any resort. The lunch at the pool was very good. They had a great BBQ for lunch every day with Chicken, hambergs and hotdogs etc. They also had a pizza oven, and it was very good. The dinner buffets were very poor. No carving stations, they had a small pasta bar, a chinese section. By the time you had your food back at the table it was always cold. You had to get your water for yourself most of the time since staff were never really around. The tables were often dirty and you had to wait for them to be cleared often to sit down. If you finished your meal and went to get desert, your dirty diner dishes often stayed on your table for the rest of your stay. In comparison to every other resort I stayed at, the staff were always there to take your dishes away as soon as your pushed it aside or if your water glass was half empty, it was always filled. NOT HERE. This was very very disappointing to me. No exceptional service at all. To me, this makes or breaks a resort. Never once did I see a happy face welcoming us to diner.Beach and Pool: All I can say is excellent. That is why we chose this resort. Lots of beach chairs, and shaded areas. Never once did we have to play the chair game.Overall: I would not return to this resort. It was not a bad experience, but not a great one either. As far as recommending it. Just be aware. If you do not care about service, go for it. The weather was good, and the fun we had at the Tower Casino made up for the resort.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>PickyTraveller77
<Content>Will go back ANY day! When we arrived, the LTI was undergoing a management change. It is now called VIK Arena Blanca. Some things might get better or worsen, it is difficult to say but overall, we had a wonderful experience. I was travelling with 3 other girl friends with extensive travel experience and we all have been to several resorts, all ratings, in the past. We tend to be picky but wanted a cheaper vacation this time. We would GO BACK!In summary: NEW, CLEAN, GREAT SIZE, GREAT PEOPLE, LOTS OF ACTIVITY OPTIONS.This is a small-ish resort. When we arrived, there was no band playing or special drinks or anything like this but we were greeted by very friendly people at the reception who called the waiter to offer us a cerveza! It was very kind. We then headed over to our rooms.There is not too much walking to get to the room or to the restaurants/beach. Everything is nearby and all services are available. A 3-minute walk will bring you to the gym, medical clinic, spa or the casino (a small one).ROOM: It was VERY CLEAN, the bathrooms are nice, it's all marble, new tubs, toilets, etc. The only weird thing is that the door has a window in it but we dealt with it by hanging our towel in it! BEDS: comfortable but here is a tip: BRING YOUR OWN PILLOW. I noticed some rooms seem to have normal pillows but for us, it was those little half pillows and the foam in it was in thousands of little pieces so it was not very comfortable. We did not have an oceanview room or anything like this, but all rooms on the resort have a nice view anyway! The balconies are very nice and they have new furniture on them too (nothing fancy but nice). There is A/C, fan.WEATHER: It was very hot during the day and at night, cool enough to wear a little sweater. The nice thing is that we only had our fan on and no need to turn on the A/C! Very comfortable weather. In the DR in regular season, it rains for a few minutes and it is sunny again. It happened twice only and it was nighttime.RESTAURANTS: Only TWO a-la-cartes; NO reservations necessary. Service was extremely slow and food was not that good. I saw pictures from the old LTI and it may have been better back then. The Estrella del Mar serves different fish/meats and the Trattoria (Italian) is pasta or meats. Vegetarian options as well. Filet Meunier at Estrella was swimming in butter! Don't recommend it but other dishes looked good. Oven macaroni at Italian was like Kraft Dinner. I would recommend the the lasagna. We waited in line since they don't do reservations: go early or be prepared to wait.They alternate the restaurants (one night it is Italian that's open, the following night it's the fish one).BUFFET: It wasn't the worst we had, but definitely not the best as in nothing fancy. If you are a PICKY EATER, you will find a lot of things you like. No theme nights, just a bit of everything every night. Pasta, stir fries (they make them for you), paella, lots of meats, fish, potatoes, rice dishes. Lots of fruit, vegetables. Desserts are ok. Breakfast: EVERYTHING, EVERY DAY.LUNCH/SNACK BAR: It's the food place for lunch starting at 11 until 6:30pm. The pizza is DELICIOUS. They make hamburgers and hot dogs and there is also a mini buffet inside (you can also do the buffet at lunch). It is just around the pool. You can take your plate pretty much anywhere. There was a paella chef once during our stay and that was great! DRINKS: A few bars, very clean. You know the ice cubes are made with filtered water too!WATER: You can fill up your water bottles by any bars. They have fountains with filtered water.The coffee machine in the lobby makes the BEST CAPPUCCINOS and CAFE con leche. We had several of those!! Good tea selection in little baskets. If you like peppermint, take a few bags when you see them: they go fast! If you like larger quantities of tea/water/drinks, BRING YOUR OWN BIG MUG!! STAFF: Friendly if you make friends with them. Otherwise, not as friendly (surprisingly). However, they will always help if you ask.ANIMATION: Great team! Very nice, lots of fun, lots of activities. Music wasn't great though and people didn't participate as much as on other resorts.GUESTS/NIGHTLIFE: If you want to party, don't go there. It's dead at night. Crowd is mostly Germans, Canadians, a few south americans, French. Age group older than ours (40+) however there were a few of us under 35. You need to go outside of the resort if you want a nightclub. There's 1 bar at night and a disco that are usually....not very crowded.BEACH: I would compare it to the Bahamas beach (Paradise island) if you've been. Little waves, you can walk for miles and miles on the beach and the water does not get deep quickly, bottom is clear, seaweed free except for 1 day that they all seemed to have come at once but it's a BEAUTIFUL beach, for ANY resort you go to that's on Bavaro Beach. Overall for the price that we paid, we had a WONDERFUL vacation and it was just what we were looking for!  
<Date>Dec 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	3	4	

<Author>Soccergirl80
<Content>I heart DR Hi everyone,My girlfriends and I just got back yesterday from a week long stay in Punta Cana, DR.We got to the Vik Arena as they were changing management from LTI, but the vacation were nonetheless simply amazing. Some of the highlights were the engaging animation/ bar staff, the buffet, the free-flowing drinks, pick up volleyball games, the hilarous games after dinner, the capaccino machine in the lobby, fellow travellors at the hotel and of course, the beautiful beach!There were a few areas of improvement: better service at the a la carte restaurants, wine, and this hotel may not be the best if you're single and ready to mingle! But where they were lacking, they more than made up for in other areas. Towards the end of our trip, we were a big family of vacationers and it was really tough to say goodbye!Keep up the amazing spirit..and thank you!  
<Date>Dec 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>KrazyKanadians
<Content>Pretty much PERFECT!       drink in hand, and a burnt head! pretty much descibes the week! :)  
<Date>Dec 3, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>trysoccer63
<Content>wait for 2 months!!! Nice hotel, not for everybody, lots of renovations, dont take buildings # 4, # 3 to much noise.Food fine, drinks fine, grounds nice, dont play golf at White Sands.Its fine for 700$  
<Date>Nov 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>canadiantraveller964
<Content>LTI was just OK..more like a 3 star  Stayed at the LTI (Also known as the VIK arena blanca) Nov. 17- 24th. Yes there are good qualities to this resort, being the beautiful beach, where there is lots of sunchairs and sunshade areas. There is a large selection of alcohol and drink menus, and the buffet does have a variety of foods.However! I have never had such horrible service before. Every 20 minutes somebody would come up to you advertising a tour, or product to buy and would NOT leave you alone. there are vendors everywhere set up on this resort at night, they will literally grab you and pull you to their stand, they do not understand the word no. A lot of them expect a tip as well after everything they do or help you with...This resort is under construction and will be for a while. They are redoing each block per month. You cannot sit at the pool in peace, you will hear electrical equipment ALL DAY LONG. In addition to that, you cannot sleep after 730/8am, you will be woken up by powertools.My boyfriend and I both got 24-hour food poisoning from the hotdogs at the beach snack bar. Be careful what you eat- it is not the same at home  you can get sick VERY easily.You will not sleep at this resort- The doors are made of heavy wood and you literally have to slam them in order for them to shut. So you can really only get a decent 4 hour sleep.The entertainment at night was bland out boring, and not suitable for children at all (ex. one of the skits was acting out a sex scene with a dominican!) If your looking for a party scene as well, this is not your place at all. The disco is no good- you will have to leave the resort and go into town where we paid $10 american per drink at Club Imagine! You are best to go to Cancun or Varadero for a party scene..To sum up my review, I will say that Punta Cana is a beautiful destination with so many other amazing resorts you can stay at- for example the Paradisus or the Bahia chain are incredible., stay away from this resort and spend the extra $200 for an incredible 4 or 5 star on the beach.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2008
<Rating>3	2	4	4	3	3	1	2	

<Author>jkaden
<Content>Paradise Found at VIK Arena Blanca Just returned from an INCREDIBLE week away at the VIK Arena Blanca. Loved every minute of it and am missing it terribly. I would absolutely return to this resort and recommend it without hesitation. Aside from the obvious - most beautiful white sand beach I've been to, tropical weather and unlimited fruity cocktails - the staff are exceptional and really enhanced our stay. Antonio on the bar, dining hall and housekeeping is the hardest working kid there and deserves recognition! Heidy  Yudy on animation are hilarious and fun girls, Pablo, Will, Nate(Ned?), Bambo, Carmen and Sonny Boy are also a riot. They get to know you by name and make sure you're having fun ALL the time. Fernando our beachside bartender was a great charmer, Pedro the bartender at Calypso and Disco never left us without a drink and Angela at the buffet and Trattoria was a sweetie. So many more contributed to this wonderful stay and I could not be more grateful. I especially enjoyed the smaller scale of this resort (I thought it was massive but apparenlty there are much larger resorts....not for me). It was just big enough to walk around and not get lost or tired, but small enough to have an intimate feel where everyone knew your name. The nightly shows are entertaining, the dancing is spectacular and they really strive to have plenty of audience interaction! Bear in mind a bottle of free rum is at stake if you do!!!I only wish I had bought a cd with the music they played all week so I could re-live some of it at home.....  
<Date>Nov 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	4	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>colbie
<Content>SO much fun! I visited this resort as a graduation present in December of last year, and was pleasantly surprised by it! Let me break it down for you:The Grounds: Beautiful gardens. Connecting cobblestone pathways throughout the entire resort. Spa on site (a little expensive, but still good). Geckos running through occassionally. The Room: Basic, but satisfactory. We had a gardenview room, with an excellent view of the sunset at night. The one and only complaint is that the air conditioner leaked.The Beach: Bavaro Beach is the most BEAUTIFUL beach I have ever seen! This resort is right on the beach, at a prime section of it. No matter what time you get there, there is always a lounge chair or spot available to sit or lie down, often under an umbrella. At some sections of the beach, there are waves, and at others the water is completely calm. About a five minute walk to the left of the resort along the beach, there is a really cool flea market, where you can shop and barter away to your hearts content (I picked up a huge $8 bottle of rum, $4 sunglasses, and other trinkets). The Food/Drinks:The food at LTI is quite good. For breakfast there is a huge buffet with fresh fruit, cereal, eggs, yummy croissants etc. For lunch, there is always a BBQ going with hamburgers, hot dog, chicken, and the special fish of the day. And for dinner, you have the choice of two buffets, or two delicious a-la-carte restaurants (italian and seafood). There are also at least 3 bars that I can recall visiting at the resort. One right on the beach, and one at each buffet site (but I'm sure there was more). Ask for a Bahama Mama with white rum.. they are the best! Activities:To be honest, I mainly lay around on the beach, but the resort, and the nearby vendors offered many acivity options including:-parasailing-spa-internet access-boat rides-snorkeling -scuba diving-yoga-water aerobics-dance lessons-market shopping-jungle excursions-photo shoots (free! it's your choice if you want to purchase any pictures from it.)-and more  
<Date>Nov 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	4	4	4	

<Author>FrancescaCowan14
<Content>Excellent       the view  
<Date>Nov 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Mariaa1212
<Content>Perfect, love this place !       Hall  
<Date>Oct 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	3	5	5	4	

<Author>Nikki1981Manchester
<Content>Amazing Holiday       The view from the lobby  
<Date>Oct 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>nostromo52
<Content>Not at the top of list, but so so close Brilliant From arrival to departure, 12th to 26th september, the staff were excellent. Always on hand to help. As usual one or two rose above the rest, so these were the ones that got the regular tip. The rooms, as mentioned before are basic, but as also mentioned before, as it's clean and functioning as it should be, they are more than ok. You only sleep in them.Food, for the life of me i cannot understand how anyone can moan about the food. IT'S FRESH, IT'S HOT and there IS a good selection to choose from. Oh the BBQ chicken excellent, go on try some.Grounds, kept spotless and look really good, spacious.Pool, one of the best i have seen, with the exception of LTI Costa Caribe in Margarita.Excursions, i recommend Picaso. He walks around the grounds. He will probably come to talk to you, don't forget your skin may free of a tan, so he will pick up on this, and know that you are new arrivals.Beach, about the best by a long way. Only one other compared to this and that was in Cyprus.Golf, Just down the road if you would like a swing or two, but not cheap. 18 holes plus clubs $140.Casino, just outside the hotel, pongs alittle when you walk in, but i came out the winner so soon forgot about the smell.If you require anymore advise please do ask, i will always give my honest oppinion. Will post some pictures later as i am now back at work..  
<Date>Sep 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Andy2412
<Content>The best holidays we ever had!!!       Imagine night club  
<Date>Sep 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>looopylou
<Content>Dream come true, honest!!!       The reception  
<Date>Sep 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Mariel1405
<Content>Don't forget your tums! Beach is beautiful!!Staff is average, like most hotels in Dominican Republic.Food was good some nights, other nights it was rows and rows of lettuce hehehe , liver and lots of fried food. The fruit was excellent. There is another restaurant on-site; however, it is not included in the all inclusive.Room are clean but need some TLC and what is up with the window on the bathroom door?Oh, if you have a problem with your knees, ask for a room on the first floor, since there is no elevator. All this can be overcome by spending your day at the beautiful beach!!  
<Date>Sep 17, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	2	3	-1	

<Author>gab001
<Content>Not deluxe! We have just back ,we spent 2 weeks there.We read the comments and we're a little worried,but it was better what we're expected.Rooms1. we had to change our room twice,first it was not clean,second we wanted to be in building 4 or 5.( 4 is being refurbished).We slept in building 2 on our first night,it was average with lots of ants.2. We had been waiting for our other room in building 5 for 1 day.They told we will get a room there on the next day,later they were more specific,they said we can change at 17:30.Than they made a phone call there is a problem with the room,but give in building 3,ok.My partner went to see them and gave to them(him), a little tip and a miracle happened, we finally got our room in building 5.This room looks like an crime scene there were a lot splash all around the walls,our locker was broken etc...Room was average,bed very smelly,AC always leeking.We left some dollars to the maid every day,expected more care about us,but it was average ,not too much different.I think all the rooms are the same and does not matter which building,cos all of them are near to anything.Food:Food was ok,but not any special.After a couple of days really bored,the same food.But the taste is nice,Sometimes the cold food is warm ,the hot is cold etcThere are 3 rooms in the buffet but 1 is always closed :(1 for smokers,1 is for non smokers :) good pointYou have to wear shirt for dinner other time does not matter.Waiters if you need something get it yourself it works faster and better,but sometimes they can look after you well.A'la carte restaurant.ItalianWe tried 2x ,first i left very hungry cos the portion was very smallarea looks better,but the service :(They are not able to teke an order.Menu is crap,no starters and only pasta dishes,not all italian :(2nd time we stood up and just walked out,they could not cook our beef well done,they served our food after 5 min to placed the order ??? what is very quick,but when and how did they cook it??Pools Very nice and useful,but i never tried :)Beach10/10 best beach on the area :)ShoppingGo to the beach turn left walk along for 5 min and yuo will see lots of boutiqs,be warned all wants your money.If they say 50 dollar it worths 5.Gym and spaGym is ok just wear sport shoes,clothes and take your towels...Spa for extra dollarsSumVery nice place eith lots of fun,good area.All the staff are very helpfull for some dollars :)Nobody makes favour  
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	5	3	5	2	3	

<Author>avoorhees
<Content>Great Stay at LTI Just back a week ago from a week stay at the LTI Beach Resort  Spa in Punta Cana. We had a great stay and would definitely recommend this hotel. We found all of the staff very helpful (especially Manuel at reception!). I'll just add a few things that we found that I didn't see covered in other reviews... We ended up not arranging for transportation before we left and had no problem at all. There are tons of taxis avail. at the airport in clearly marked vehicles. We were quoted prices $40 - $38. We found one taxi group that would take us for $35. We ended up taking a taxi back to the airport as well and it was $38. The trip takes about a half hour. We never changed money, everyone took U.S dollars or euros. As suggested by other reviews, we requested Building 4 or 5 when we arrived. As of August 8, 2008 Building 5 is considered 'superior' and would be $25 additional per person per night and Buidling 4 is currently under construction. They ended up showing us a couple of rooms to let us choose and we choose one in Building 3. Of the rooms we were shown, we choose one on the 3rd floor (the top) because it had a vaulted ceilng so felt a lot bigger and the air seemed to move a bit better. Buidling 3 was very centrally located, but one of the great aspects of this hotel is that nothing is very far. There is the main buffet restaurant and 2 a la carte restaurants. We were there in the off season so the a la carte restaurants did not require a reservation but still did have a dress code (long pants for men, no sandals, etc.). Since we enjoyed the beach so much, we just ended up taking one excursion. We did the Carribean Festival which included great snorkeling and then swimming with nurse sharks and interacting with sting rays. It was $78 per person for a half day and definitely worth it. You can also get snorkeling gear for an hour a day at the beach activities buidling but there is a roped off swimming area (lots of boats going by) so not much to see. You can also sign up for a catamaran ride once per stay. The shops are a pretty short walk down the beach (one hotel over) and the haggeling over prices is pretty fun! They also have a couple of tables set up a couple of nights right at the hotel with jewelry and cigars. We did actually find that the little end shop set up permanently by the pool (connected to the t-shirt shop) had really great prices for jewelry.We enjoyed our stay and think that the beach was one of the best we've visited. The room was clean and had everything we needed (even if the beds were really hard!). The minibar was stocked every day (w 2 lg. bottles of water, 2 cokes, 2 sprites). We came back very relaxed and with very good memories of the DR.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	2	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>adr4rms
<Content>Didn't want to leave       Our room  
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>biancamano
<Content>You get what you pay for at LTI My husband, me ,and our 4 teenagers stayed for a week.The rooms smelled musty, not overpowering though. The staff was very nice, helpful and appreciated a few $$. The food, UGH, we couldn't wait to have McDonalds. Not enough restaurants and none with AC. It was hard to eat dripping with sweat. We called ahead and were told that long pants for men were not required, but they were when we got there. We did get into the restaurant with a few bribes. Everything was mediocre but the beach/water was fabulous. Small disco where the teens met some friends. We have been to other DR resorts that were much better. We didn't have a bad time but wouldn't go back.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	3	5	4	-1	

<Author>doctorpatrick
<Content>Paradise! I've read the critical reviews and couldn't disagree more. First, if you check the prices on other Punta Cana all inclusives you'll see that this resort is a genuine bargain. True, the rooms are somewhat dated but charming (and clean) nevertheless. Bug free too. The staff is very helpful and friendly ( grateful for the smallest tip), the food is varied  delicious, the shows amusing and, hey, the bars (free drinks) are open around the clock. The pools are some of the best I've ever seen. The beach has to be experienced to be believed. Probably one of the best in the Caribbean! One word of caution. If you hate topless European women stay away! I can understand the complaints about plumbing and electrical problems but this is the Dominican Republic (as in third world country, duh) . If you can't handle it go to the Jersey Shore next time! Please note that as of November '08 LTI will be changing its name to VIK Hotel Arena Blanca. Have fun and don't complain about a good thing!  
<Date>Aug 10, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	3	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>SunBunnyToronto
<Content>Very Sick Well we really dont have many nice things to say about this hotel,except the beach was amazing!First off,this hotel is more like a 2 star,not a 4 star,are room was ready when we got there,that was nice,but as soon as we got in are room we found are tolet over flow,we booked a king room,with a stocked fridge,and a balcony not a garden view,well we didnt have anything in the fridge,it was turned off,we had two double beds,and we were on the ground floor.We called front desk,about the toliet,they showed the next day,that wasnt so hot!but someone did come three times that day,because they never fixed it.And when it did work it was only temperary,this is funny one morning we had are own pool in the washroom!well needless to say we used the lobby washroom.The food,well...salty..like crazy,selections..they had them if you like food with your salt.On day three of are seven day stay both my husband and myself spent the rest of are trip in the washroom and in bed,and we were not the only visiters who got sick.The food is not well protected from insects and not changed often at all,buffet starts at 6 and ends at 10...so the food is out all that time in the heat and buggs!..we have been to the Dominicain three times,and this hotel was horrid! staff was not to bad,but not very helpful,kids loved the hotdogs!!!!oh and we didnt not drink the water even bottled water for brushing are teeth!we strongly recommend if you do go here bring your own food!  
<Date>Aug 4, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	4	2	4	2	-1	

<Author>spaceavaillable
<Content>Great Vacation, but don't expect 5 star for 3 star price.       The room  
<Date>Jul 19, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>visitDR
<Content>Somewhat disappointed I stayed there recently with my family, 7 of us in 3 separate rooms. Each room had it's own problems, mine was electrical, went to unplug my hair dryer and the entire outlet box fell out of the wall. My sister in law and brother in laws toilet over flowed four times, and when they called the front desk they were grilled about what country they were from and accused of putting too much paper in it. Not knowing that some bathroom tissue is supposed to go in the waste basket, but is no where near the toilet. My nephew and his fiance's room had a ceiling fan being held up by it's wires only. In one of the rooms, the frame to the sliding door leading to the balcony fell off and almost landed on my niece. Each repair took place the next day. The food was Ok, but expected a little better. We were disappointed also in the fact that very few employees seemed to speak even some English.I will say that even though the LTI is a little dated, it is clean, very pretty grounds and has a beautiful beach. We stayed in building 5 with the ocean view but in order to classify them as actual ocean views, some of the palm trees outside the balconies obstruct whatwould be a breath taking view. I would not say that it's not worth the money, it's reasonable, but for an older resort if some much needed repairs were made it would be a wonderful improvement.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	3	2	2	3	

<Author>ballyerboy69
<Content>lti is great for chilling       the famous trees  
<Date>Jul 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Travelling_Sag
<Content>Beach 5*, food 4*, rooms 2* (+ tips for travelling with the baby)       Desserts!  
<Date>Jun 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	2	5	2	4	3	3	

<Author>NewBrunswickOakie
<Content>Food Great, House Cleaning Way Below Par Upon arrival rooms not properly assigned to three couples who booked and traveled together. Twenty Four (24) hour service for food consisted of Grill Cheese and cold chicken bouillon. All other food areas were excellent. Joined up with a fourth couple. Three out of four couples developed welts on the second day there. Diagnosis was bedbugs, better known as scabies. This resort should be totally re-evaluated, four stars is just to much for this small resort. Not enough shade, lots for the VIP sections only. No swim up bar in pool and no bottled water available unless taken from your room fridge. I've been to several resorts over the past ten years, all in punta cana, and none have resulted in the embarassment of sores over my body and having to refrain from the sun due to this diagnosis by a physician. Why else would someone go to the carribean but to relax in the sun and sleep in a nice clean room. Travellers, think twice before booking this resort unless it has been cleaned with a fine tooth comb.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2008
<Rating>1	2	3	-1	1	2	3	-1	

<Author>Andri21
<Content>Great Time But Not A Great Time !!       Me WIth The Nature @ LTI Punta Cana  
<Date>Jun 16, 2008
<Rating>3	4	2	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>james200127288
<Content>Great time at LTI!       Me sitting in a palm tree on the beautiful beach!  
<Date>Jun 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Tardykat
<Content>Good value. Friendly staff. My girlfriends and I took a week-long trip here. I loved the way we were greeted, welcome home they said. We booked the package which included ground transfer from Club Caribe. Club Caribe offers excursions. We met our CC advisor the next morning to discuss options and confirm our booking. Make sure you print 2 copies of the ground transfer voucher as they took one copy when we arrived and then they needed it again for our return.The rooms were basic garden view with 2 twin beds. When my friend called to confirm her booking she requested for their best room and was upgraded to an ocean view room just like that! The property is small, you can get from your room to anywhere (buffet, lobby, pool, beach) in about 5 minutes. The rooms are spread out in 5 buildings (1 to 5) with #5 closest to the beach and 1 closest to the front of the property. We were in #2 (ground floor room) and my friend with the ocean view was #4 (3rd floor room). #2 and #3 building was in the middle of the property, which I think is ideal. There is a section on the side reserved only for Cayena Beach Club members (time share users) it includes a pool and a restaurant. Their rooms were better, we took a tour after listening to a long talk about becoming members. If you don't want to waste 2 hours of your time, don't get grabbed to go to one of these talks.The rooms are bare but sufficient for laying your head at night. Beware of mosquitoes at night if you leave your balcony door open. There was a fan/AC/hair dryer in our room and 2 bottles of water, Sprite and Coke in the fridge, restocked daily. Bring soap/shampoo/conditioner as the gel used in the bathrooms are those 3 in 1 types that leave your hair stiff.There are 2 small restaurants which require reservations the morning of. The food there was ok. We preferred the international buffet. The fresh papaya milk shakes during breakfast was awesome! There is also an all-day BBQ by the pool with the most tender chicken I've ever had. The bartenders are not cheap with the alcohol for the drinks. We took advantage of the free use of kayaks. There are also sailing catamarans but we didn't get the chance.The Animacion staff are amazing. They keep the atmosphere festive. Did encounter some surly staff at the buffet seating area but overall, everyone was very friendly. The nightly shows are a bit corny but are fun. Majority of the guests were European so it wasn't surprising to see topless women.I think the palm trees look the best on LTI's beachfront as there are several that are bent nearly to the ground and you can climb up and photograph with them. The water is the Atlantic so a bit rough for us amateurs. It is also not crystal clear due to the rough surf. We spent most of our time in the pool.I would stay here again.  
<Date>Jun 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>jravirginia
<Content>I love you LTI! Well yet again, LTI lived up to my expectations!This review is a bit lengthy, but wanted to share as much as possible!This was our 6th trip to Punta Cana, and our 3rd to LTI. We traveled there in May of 2007 and again in September of 2007.Lets start at the beginning鈥?br/>Flight:We flew on USA 3000 with a nonstop flight from Baltimore. I would highly recommend this airline to anyone who has the availability to use them. Check-in at the airport was a breeze, as was the flight. They have food and alcohol for purchase and an inflight movie.AirportOnce we arrived in PUJ, we paid our $10 and received our bags, then headed to our prearranged transfer with mikesmarina. There are a lot of porters after baggage but a firm 鈥渘o Gracias鈥?go鈥檚 a long way. The transfer service through mikesmarina is highly recommended to those who鈥檚 transfer was not included in your package. It cost us $66 round trip. The driver was waiting on us, and we went right to a nice air-conditioned van and headed down the road. The drive was about 20-25 minutes with no stops.Checkin/Room:We arrived at LTI around 12:15pm and got checked in. Before leaving I鈥檇 requested a room in building 5, although no big deal, we weren鈥檛 given building 5. We received a room in Building 3 which is right in the middle of the property with no views of anything. We asked to be moved, and Juan at the front desk, said to check in the morning. The room in building 3 was nice, the air worked great, however there was just nothing pleasing to look at.The next morning we went to breakfast and returned and found a note stating to come to reception. The manager greeted us, and said because of being return guests he had a special room for us, and moved us oceanfront.The bellman moved us to our new room, which was awesome! We had an actual king sized bed, not like in the past where it was two beds pushed together, with a secondary bedroom with 2 twin beds and a sitting area. You could lie in bed and look directly into the clear blue waters of the ocean.It was perfect!!Food:The food is good, however a bit repetitive, but was always able to find something to eat. We ate at the buffet every morning for breakfast and once for lunch. In seven days, we at the buffet dinner 2 times, which was a pleasant surprise. The food was great!The other nights we rotated between the Estrella del Mar (ala carte) and La Trattoria (ala carte/Italian). You make reservations outside the main buffet each morning, and never had a problem getting it. Even went one night without reservations and was accommodated. The only annoying part to making the reservations, is that they are taken by reps from the Cayena Beach Club, and they try to sell you there service every time. However, a polite 鈥淣o Gracias鈥?helped and they would stop.My birthday was on the 24th and we ate dinner at Estella del Mar and the service was GREAT!! The food was good, nothing special, but good, and the desert was great as well. We ate at this restaurant again, and the service was good, however, the food was horrid. The descriptions given on the menu did not match what was served. However, I ate what I could and left the rest. The Italian place is great, perhaps my favorite at the resort. You can order your own pizza from the menu, or you could eat from the buffet in the restaurant. Surprisingly enough, the Lasagna is some of the best I鈥檝e had. During the day, they service burgers, hotdogs, and chicken by the pool. They also a sandwich making station as well. The food, is good, however it鈥檚 hot outside and found it hard to eat a lot during the day.Late at night at the Calypso bar, they serve sandwiches and soup, both were very good and filling, especially after a long night of drinking and dancing.Pool:The pool is fantastic. They seem to have moved most of their activities to the beach during the day, which is great, seems to make it a bit more relaxing. We would find 鈥渙ur鈥?hut each morning and place our towels on the chair on the way to breakfast. We never had a problem finding a hut, however we were down there around 8am every morning to go eat.Around the pool you will meet lots of people from all over the world, and have made some great friendships. They also bring around animals to have your picture taken with. They had a monkey, iguana, snake, and parrots. All where cool, and the pictures are available for purchase that evening outside the main buffet. They cost $8US.Beach:The beach is absolutely beautiful! The sand never feels that hot, and the water is warm. There were a couple days that wind was blowing, which made the water seem choppy. Not bad, just more than normal. The breeze was great, and really cooled you down.Service:The service at all the bars where great! Bienvinedo at the pool bar is great, and always happy to accommodate my thermos mug with a smile. Also, Manuel in the disco and some nights at the bar in Estrella del Mar was great. He tried to teach me some new Spanish, and always kept my drink filled.On that note, the service at the main buffet was less than ideal. The waiter would never come to us, and would come to all the tables around鈥?not sure why, but we had no problem getting our own drinks. Same for the service at the lobby bar. You could order a drink and wait 20 minutes for it to return, we would recommend getting your own directly from the bar.Drinks:I鈥檓 primarily a beer drinker, and Presidente is great, actually my favorite beer! The drinks can be strong if you ask, and if requested they will bring out the good rum. Cocolocos are my next favorite and would enjoy several in the evenings at the show or lobby bar.They had a drink called the Mariposa Amarilla at Estrella del Mar, which was great. Reminded me of a frozen Fuzzy Navel鈥?very very good!!Excursions:We went Scuba diving through the Pelicano Watersports center located next to the hotel on the beach. The guys that work there are great, and super friendly! Benjamin was our guide, and was very knowledgeable and professional. They even have a videographer go out with you and film you while you鈥檙e diving鈥?another awesome thing. The video is on a DVD and costs $45. A bit expensive, but since we were the only ones on the dive, he filmed us the whole time.Although, not really an excursion, we went shopping at the Palma Real where the Hard Rock Caf茅 was located. The stores are VERY expensive, however, our primary reason for going was the Hard Rock Caf茅. The prices are comparable to other Hard Rocks around the world. They have a free shuttle from the hotel to the Palma Real, however you make SEVERAL stops. We decided to take a taxi to Bavaro Shopping to buy some souvenirs. The sales people are aggressive and after a while will take a no. Be sure to barter, and you will be surprised how low they will go. Just stick to you guns, if you don鈥檛 want to pay more, walk away鈥?9 times out of 10, they will chase you down and make you a better offer.We went to Steve鈥檚 Corner Bar. Met some great Trip Advisor people鈥?Joken, Candi, and Kelleegirl. As well as the famous PC Mike! The beer was the coldest I鈥檝e had, and very reasonably priced at $2US a piece. It鈥檚 a very cool place, and will make sure to go everytime we are in PC.We took a Motoconcho back to the hotel at a cost of $3. This was very exciting, and really the cheapest and most fun way to travel. I will do this in the future! Shows:The shows were not very good. Although the music normally was, I鈥檓 just not into dancing for 7 nights in a row. We would either sit in the bar next to the theater and chat with friends and enjoy our drinks, or sit in the lobby and do the same.Disco:The disco is great. It鈥檚 really crowded after the shows are over, but only lasts about 30 minutes. It鈥檚 open from 11pm to 2am, we closed it down a couple nights, and we were the only ones in there for the majority of the time. After leaving the disco, we would head to the beach to enjoy our final drinks and call it a night. The Disco is air-conditioned which is nice, however the music is really really loud!Checkout/Departure:Checkout was without problem, just had to pay for our safe key return, and was done. Again, our transfers were pre-arranged via mikesmarina.com and they driver was right on time.At the airport, the line for USA 3000 was REALLY long, so I鈥檇 recommend getting there early. We stood in line for over an hour!We got through customs with no problem, and bought our picture they took when you arrive, and ate some Wendy鈥檚. Surprisingly the prices aren鈥檛 that bad $8 for the combo. It was really good though! We found our gate and before you knew it we were departing. They actually left early鈥?which I found odd. Flight back was great, and I鈥檇 recommend BWI for returns via customs. It was the smoothest I鈥檝e ever experienced.This trip was by far our best, and we look forward to another return in the fall of this year. If you have any questions, please let me know, I鈥檓 more than happy to assist!  
<Date>Jun 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>lupilove04
<Content>4 star resort in a priviledged location       Wonderful beach at LTI  
<Date>Jun 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>angilocks
<Content>Loved LTI!! Had so much fun at LTI! The pool was beautiful, the beach was gorgeous, and everyone that worked there was very friendly. We also had a very relaxing massage by the beach. I would recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>martinimakerbob
<Content>excellent !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I loved this hotel, although having mixed reactions when I first arrived but that just shows that you can't judge a book by its cover!The hotel is very nice with a lot of trees and plants, athough i do advise in the morning  the evening spray some insect repellent around otherwise you find the next morning you will have loads of little red bumbs on your arm.!!the beach  pool are fantastic the sand is so soft and there are loads of places to sit.There are activities during the day which are soo fun, I really enjoyed these and the animation team are ever soo friendly and you can really get to know them.I played Volleyball and did water aerobics  stretching but do not attempt to do volleyball  darts at the same time like i did its very hard work...!!On the beach there is a water sports centre and I do advise doing something. I did Parasailing and it was amazing its completely different up in the air looking down on the hotels and the sea.In the evening there is entertainment  a bar called the Calypso bar..the food is lovely, for breakfast  dinner there is a buffet and for lunch there is another buffet which has things like burgers  hotdog. There is also an Italian restaurant  another one which open on alternitive days..I also recomend going on the half day trip to this little floating island where you can swim with sting rays  sharks and much more !!!.I loved this hotel and would love to go back AMAZING !*!  
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>loanlady
<Content>Loved LTI My husband and I stayed at LTI from 5/11 to 5/18 and loved it!! We are both in our late 50鈥檚.The resort was really nicely kept, everywhere you looked there were people working on keeping the grounds clean. We were in room 4203, yes it is a little dated and the window in the bathroom is downright weird, but how long are you in the room? I actually found the bed very comfortable. I usually wake up with a backache at home, not on these beds. Our week was spent walking or sitting on the beach, sitting on the balcony, eating and drinking, and going to the casino.We found all of the people working there tried very hard to be friendly and be understood. We usually ate in room 2 because it is non-smoking, and the waiter there would bring my husband a beer and me a white wine without asking after the first time we ordered it. The bartenders would try and get us to say the drinks we wanted in Spanish, but we couldn鈥檛 seem to get it right. We only speak English and a few Spanish words, but there was always a 鈥渉ola鈥?and 鈥淏uenos dias鈥? If you tried speaking in Spanish, there was a bright smile from anyone who you were trying to communicate with. Any lack of communication was entirely our fault as we are in their country and we do not speak their language. The food was good, always a big selection. We do not usually use salt on our food, so we did find it a bit salty, but certainly delicious. We ate at the beach restaurant for lunch and the chicken was excellent on the grill. We did find the Trattoria a little strange as the only a la carte meal was individual pizzas. The pizza was great though. We did not go to the International specialty restaurant.One thing I was totally surprised about was the timeliness of the staff at LTI. Having traveled extensively in the Caribbean we have always found 鈥渋sland time鈥?to be the rule. Not here, the evening entertainment was always on time, if not a bit early!! When we were asked what time the porters should come to pick up our bags on the day we left, we said 10:300 a.m. At 10:30 a.m. they were at the door.Evening entertainment was a bit hokey, but still ok. It did surpass any other all-inclusive resorts where we have stayed that had the evening shows. The shows certainly didn鈥檛 rival a cruise ship, but was not bad at all. The circus was good and a lot of evenings they got kids involved in dancing, etc. and they seemed to love it. You could see that the entertainment crew worked hard for many hours per day.The beach was fantastic. One day sitting between 2 of the bent palm trees I felt like I was in a Corona beer commercial. We walked the beach almost every day for about an hour. I liked our beach and it鈥檚 being small resort better than what I could see around us. I like the way the resort is done in natural colors to blend in with the vegetation. It looked more natural to me. We went up and walked around a few of the resorts to get a feel for if they would suit us. One resort a ways down the beach had this garish 鈥渢hing鈥?on it. It looked like one of those things you would rent for a child鈥檚 birthday party that you jump in with small plastic balls. On the beach end was a large slide. I thought it looked horrible and made that resort look a little low class to me. Just my humble opinion. We also went to another resort that you had to take a trolley to the beach. I would prefer to be walking distance to the beach, not riding distance.All in all, it was a great vacation and we are definitely planning to return next year.  
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>CUTIE31
<Content>Not what I expected I booked this place only because I wanted to get away but even that has its boundaries. I'm not picky at all where i stay but i don't think the food is very accomodating to people like me.Premises - Was very nice, scenic as the grounds are quite bigFood - Unusal dishes not very appealing at all at timesA Le Carte - Italian/Seafood, we didn't get curious about the seafood, last thing i wanted was to get sick but according to other travellers at the same time, they had cockroaches. Italine cuisine is considered your own personal pizza. Not pleased with the services there.Entertainment - Was ok but we didn't completely enjoy it. Dancers not co-ordinated and it was very basic entertainment. Circus was ok as well.Staff - Not very nice. Find they didn't have much respect for the tourists. Didn't look like they wanted tips either (which we didn't mind)Room - was ok, couldn't turn off the fan on the ceiling. Automatic with power.Beach - Small and you have to get there early to get a seat. And even if you put your towels there to mark your spot, we had ours removed to one chairI would recommend this to people who really want to enjoy the sun and have some drinks and not picky at all with food. Won't go back there.  
<Date>May 20, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	3	2	3	2	-1	

<Author>snthoma1
<Content>Loved It!       View from teh room  
<Date>May 17, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	3	4	

<Author>LouLousMom
<Content>Our first trip!       The beach taken on my cell phone.  
<Date>May 16, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>WorldTravelBug
<Content>Everything but the workers       Pool view- nice and quiet  
<Date>May 12, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	5	4	3	1	4	

<Author>cmmdee
<Content>Hot and Sunny Vaca       Sailboat on the beach  
<Date>May 12, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	2	4	-1	

<Author>roco7
<Content>Good Vacation We were at LTI late April, Myself , Spouse and 2 children age 8 and 6. We all had a good time. My children didn't have any problem finding food that they liked. We enjoyed all the restaurants. The pizza was very good in the Italian restaurant. Enjoyed having our meals in restaurant # 1 because it was smoke free and staff was very freindly.They would try to make you feel comfortable. From other reviews some people had complains about front desk help. We had a small problem in room 3024. We spoke with the front desk people and within 2 hours there was someone fixing the problem. Sometimes people take well manered quiet people for rudeness.The kids club was good . If there was any negative it would be the fact that all the children spoke different languages. The kids club staff was excellent . My kids got to spend at lot of time with Heidi because Katy had gone on vacation. In regards to the resort shows , up to now they had been the best that I have seen in a resort. We did have rain but it did not stop us from having fun. My 8 year old suggested for us to bring an umbrella next time just in case it is raining during supper time. Extras were very expensive. My kids wanted a push pop that normaly I pay 88c and pringles normally $2.99. When I was told it was $9 US dollars I explained to my children that we were not rich to pay that much money. Overall good vacation . If you are a Ritz client this is not the resort for you. Would go back tomorrow and bring my umbrella.  
<Date>May 10, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Jakepdaniel
<Content>From paradise to hell This was our 5th trip to Punta Cana and our second to LTI. We thoroghly enjoyed ouyr firdt tip but eh second time at LTI was horrible. I could go on forever but I will try to list some of the probleems. Like Goldilocks someone had slept in one of the beds prior to our arrival; The air conditioning system broke; We are nonsmokers , so they shipped us to a room that was filled with stench of cigarettes; The front desk personnel were completely inept and played the I don't understand even though the people in front had talked in english; The management was rude and cocky in their treatment to us; When we changed rooms they came to change us only after My sweettalking wife chastized.them; They even had the nerve to make the suggestion that we take our valuables to the beach. All in all this last trip in March will be our last to LTI, but definitely not to Punta Cana  
<Date>May 9, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>disneynutmdf
<Content>Overall, better than average Our family of five, my husband and I in our 40's and three kids age 13, 12, and 5, stayed here April 21-28. Overall I would have to say our stay was better than average, but you have to take the good with the bad, plan ahead, and make it your own vacation. It helped immensely that I spoke Spanish. We visited from the US and we were definitely the minority. A lot of German and French/Canadian at the resort. My husband is very high spirited, so it helped in making our vacation fun. He enjoyed playing beach volleyball with our daughters and others. My son enjoyed the kids club, and the staff from the kids club really made an effort to get the kids involved. My son absolutely loved Pablo and to this day is still saying that he misses him.check in and the rooms.....Check in went smooth for us, however, I had emailed the resort several times prior to our arrival with requests for our family due to medical conditions my 5 year old faces. Our request were partially met. They did not have connecting rooms at this resort so they put us in a family suite (although we had the option of two rooms right next to each other but the thought of our kids in one room and us in the other just didn't float with us, even if it was just right next to us), for more reasons than one...safety, medical issues with our son, two beautiful girls in a foreign country, the age of our children.....etc...etc..... A family suite only had one bathroom which was a down side to it all, not to mention that the master room was also the living room so we had no privacy. But, because we didn't want to leave the kids in a room of their own, and we didn't want to split the family up on a family vacation, we decided to take the family suite. On the plus side, we had a beautiful ocean view and got the free upgrade. Rafael at the front desk was extremely professional and courteous. Given one can only work with what you are given and he can only give out the rooms given at the resort....he can't make something magically appear that isn't there...the situation was well handled and he gave us the best two case scenarios and let us decide what we wanted for our family. I think it definitely helps that we emailed ahead of time...several times...and made our request well known. It's true what some other reviews say about the bathrooms having windows panes as the upper half of the door. We asked for thumbtacks at the front desk and hung a towel up with them to resolve that problem. We did encounter a problem getting hot water....it was warm at it's best, but pressure was good. No plugs for the tub, so bathing my son, I had to run the shower, but the nozzle for the shower was a removable one, and used it. Rented the lock for the safe to secure our more important items such as jewlery, ipods, wallets and passports. They did fumigate...I refused due to my son's medical condition just didn't want to take any chances. My son slept on the sofa bed. One morning after he was given a comforter to cover himselft with by housekeeping, he woke up scratching a lot with tiny bumps on him. I have to be honest and say that I don't know if it was due to bedbugs from the comforter (he didn't have them the previous two nights on the sofabed so they didn't come from there) or if they were a reaction he could've had to the sunscreen I was using on hime as he is sensitive to a lot of things. I will never find out. I do know that I never used the comforter again, and they seemed to go away although he scratched for two days and being I came prepared for him, I had benadryl as well as Benadryl gel I could apply to his skin. I continued to use the sunscreen because I really didn't think it had come from that since he's used it all his life. He played a lot in the sand as well....so who knows.Food....adequate but nothing to brag home about. Breakfast was good. My son liked the omelettes. Not the kind we are used to here in the states, but still good. pancakes available, bacon, sausage, potatotes, crepes, a few cereals, yogurts, fruit, fruitshakes (bannana, pineapple, papaya, and melon). A lot of breakfast choices. My husband loved the chicken at lunch by the beach grill. The buffet for lunch was average at best, but always something could still be found. Two out of five of us had stomach problems and three of us did not. Funny thing was that those of us that usually have weak stomachs at home were the ones that were fine on the trip. The breads morning noon and night along with breadsticks and flatbreads were delicious and quite surprisingly good. My husband really enjoyed the chinese stations. I had a little bit one night and thought it was good too.The Italian place only had pizza, no other specialty dishes, but the pizza was good and so was the service. The seafood place only had one fish plate that was included...anything else was available for a price of at least $28 american or so and I didn't enjoy the lobster in the white sauce and then back into it's shell. I forget what it was called. It was prepared with the lungs and all and had a very weird taste and the next morning was the only day I actually had stomach problems.The pool and beach. The pool was clean the entire time we were there and my son loved it. The water was nice. The jacuzzi temperature was the same temperature as the pool water. The beach was spectacular. Cleaned every day from seaweed and the water gorgeous aquamarine and warm (low 80's). The sand pinkish white and soft and we just loved it. Played many beach games. Did a snorkeling excursion through the hut to the left of the hotel where you can book on the beach which was average but then got our wristbands stamped and had unlimitted use of snorkeling gear, kayaks, boogieboards, etc for the week. My kids had a blast with the boogie boards. Even though the waves are no where big enough for boogie boarding, they still had a fun time. Plenty of lounge chairs on the beach. If you want one under a beach hut, you better be up by 6:30pm!!! One of the excursions you can book from the hut on property or the hut over by the water sports talks about visiting a giant inflatable slide. This slide is actually a public slide set up on the beach at the Fiesta Resort. As you face the ocean, you take a right and walk the beach to get to the Fiesta Resort. It's quite a walk (about 20 or 25 minutes), but we took it and it was well worth it to get to the water slide. The kids loved the slide...they spray water down the slide and you prior to going down the slide so it then becomes a water slide. You pay X amount and then get to go down the slide an specific amount of times depending on the amount you pay. I believe we payed $10 for 14 slides. They give you 14 rubberbands you can put around your wrist and they take one away every time you slide down once. You can also pay $5 for 6 slides. The kids had a blast and my husband and I even went down a few times and enjoyed it. It was one of the highlights for my 5 and 12 year old. You can take a taxi to the resort, but then I guess to get onto the beach you would have to explain once you got to the Fiesta resort how you wish to use the water slide located on their beach and I would think it shouldn't be a problem. Afterall, it's not like the resort would serve you their food or drinks if you don't have a wristband from their resort.Other excursions.....My husband and daughters did the 4X4 excursion that can be booked at the hut over by where the towels are given out. It was the best price he could find and he looked around a bit. They told him it was a three hour excursion. He and the girls said they really had a good time. What they fail to tell you is that it takes over 2 hrs to get to the place because they stop for other folks at other hotels along the way. On the way back they said it was quicker but still a bit of a way. They left the hotel at 1:30pm and I was actually at the front desk asking if they could please find out where they were and all because I was very worried about them since it was 6:30pm and they still weren't back from what was supposed to have been a 3 hour excursion. As a mother and wife one worries and you think the worse. I was glad to see them when they got back and they said it was a fun time, but they were dissapointed that the time to get there and back was so long and that no one told them when booking.We have been to Punta Cana before. We love the beach there. We have stayed at other resorts that are nicer. I must say that this is a good resort if you have younger kids. Two of the other resorts I stayed at I did not see the animation staff get as involved with the kids as I saw here. Granted, they are gone from noon to 2 or 3pm and then again from 5pm to 8:30pm and then they have a little kids show on the stage for 1/2 hour for them, but when they are around, they keep them entertained very well. They don't have a club per say. They just do activities. Their club is an outdoor playground with a covered terrace. Nothing with an indoor playroom with airconditioning or anything of the sort. When I went next door to the Ocean Blue to check out their grounds with my husband....they had much bigger grounds...so big that they have a tram to get you around...but they also had a nice club for the children..an actual playroom with airconditioning...etc. They had a rock climbing wall for the kids at Ocean Blue as well as a trampoline. But.....bigger isn't always better. Although I would go for bigger next time as our kids will be older and it would be nicer, when we walked through the bigger resort at two different places (Fiesta and Ocean Blue, both our daughters commented how they were happy they were staying in a smaller place where they didn't have to walk so much to get to things and how it just felt safer for them. You do get a better feel. It's hard to explain. I did see security guards on the beach at all the resorts, although I have to say, for whatever the reason, LTI seemed to have more than the other resorts.Would I go back to LTI, probably not, but not because of any major problems....just because there are so many other places in Punta Cana that I would like to try as well.  
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>mjdichicco
<Content>LTI old but Terrific We just returned from a wonderful week at LTI. I am 52 and I traveled with my three children ages 25, 23, and 19. We all had a great time. the room was clean and adequate. the grounds were beautiful. Food great, as for you picky eaters, they have hot dogs. burgers and fries from 11am - 8pm. the Italian rest. had the best pizza. I loved the buffets and enjoyed trying different food. The entertainment staff were also fantastic and put on good shows. I think what I liked the best was that the resort was small very easy to walk to anything you needed. I also liked that there were people from all over the world. Lots of Germans and CandiansMany families, singles and newlyweds. We never got sick and we eat and drank everything. We are from Boston Ma. so we brought 50 red sox hats .The staff really loved and appricated them. I can't wait to return Some hintsplease bring sunscreen, bug spray,thermal mugs, floats for the pool and beach. My son got a cold and tylenol cold tablets cost us 20 dollars so come prepared for the unexpected  
<Date>May 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	4	4	4	5	5	

<Author>kurbie22
<Content>A memorable anniversary break What a fab place to stay for a special occasion!We stayed at the LTI in October 2007 and would return in a flash.Our favourite part of the hotel, other than the glorious beach, was the lobby. What a breath-taking entrance. In the evenings, after our dinner and before our moon-lite walk along the beach, we would sit in the lobby on the HUGE comfortable sofas with a 'Cafe con leche' and relax and soak up the atmosphere.Days were spent lounging between the pool and the white sandy beach!The pool bar El Torro was really convenient to go and grab a couple of cocktails to take back to the beach.The Room:Clean and functional. The mini bar was stocked daily with 2 small bottles of Sprite and Coke. Also 1 litre bottles of water. The TV was temperamental (Although we only found this out in the last 2 days of our holiday when we suffered the backlash of a hurricane!) The air-conditioning was a god send although ours decided to leak water during the night on numerous occasions, waking us up and having to get reception to get cleaners to come an mop up!(There was a lot of water!)The bathroom was a good size with a very powerful shower (I remember this as it killed with sunburn!) The one strange thing about the bathroom was the door which had a glass pane in the middle of it so you could see out, but more worryingly people could see in! Although the loo was to the right of this door. (You could still see someone using it easily though!)The Food:The main food hall was amazing. Breakfast gave you the choice of:Hot drinks, porridge, Fresh bread (all types), many different cereals, fruit galore, Cheese, smoothies, juices, cooked breakfast items, freshly made to order omelette's with your choice of filling, crepes, pancakes, Croissants, etc etc.Lunch:Pizzas, Chips, Salad, Fruit, fish dishes, chicken, soup, potatoes, pasta, all types of meat, deserts, fruit juices, smoothies.Dinner:Soups, breads, potatoes, freshly made pasta dishes to order, fish counter, Meat counter, Chinese made to order counter (my favourite), deserts etc.El Toro - The Beach Bar - Offered a buffet of hot and cold foods at lunchtime and also had an all day grill which offered Burgers, Hot Dogs, Chicken pieces and chips.The Pizza House (Can't remember the name) - BOOK INTO HERE BY THE MAIN RESTAURANT COMPLEX BETWEEN 9am  10:30am OTHERWISE YOU WONT GET IN! THERE IS NO WAY YOU CAN GET IN WITHOUT A RESERVATION TICKET!You were able to eat here once a week (although when we went it was very quiet and were able to eat there 4 times in 2 weeks!) This was a buffet style restaurant with lasagne, bread, salad, soup and starters available. You are then given a menu from which to choose your desired Pizza or Calzone.Drinks are on tap no matter where you go in the complex and their days out are very well organised!Overall, this is a child friendly, honeymoon friendly, group friendly place in which to holiday!HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!!!!  
<Date>Apr 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Humpsteady
<Content>Try the mamajuana! its fantastic! My girlfriend and I just returned from the warmth of Punta Cana, We stayed at the LTI resort and Beach club in Punta Cana. I will get right to the point, the rooms are definately nothing to write home about, there were parts of the ceiling missing, cracks in the tile shower, the TV rarely worked and it you attempted to fix it you received a shock. Somehow a lizzard became a roommate of ours, it didnt cause problems but Ive never had one in my room before. Another thing I found odd is that they come to fumigate your room during your stay at least once, although you may be tempted to tell them to wait, I was surprised at the dead bugs I found in the room before the maid had a chance to clean them up after fumigation. That part aside the resort itself is very nice, very lush with big beautiful trees, shrubs etc. all throughout the ground, The pool is great, the beach is awesome, there are plenty of chairs but if you want one under a hut get up early, they are the first to go. The food end was average, although we never did try the a-la-carte' resturants which are included, the buffett offers something for everyones taste 3 times a day. Drinks are awesome, there is a wide variety and the beer is very good. One thing I would say was a draw back for sure would be the folks from the Ceyna Beach club, which shares the main resort grounds with the LTI. They set up at the only entrance to the Buffet dining area and are quite pushy to entice you to visit the resort. Basically similar to timeshare things at other resorts but these guys harp you 3 times a day, every day. I had one guy literally chase after me one day because the night before I made the mistake of saying maybe tomorrow. Tell them NO and keep walking, they should get the point after a couple days.If you are looking for a place with other Canadians presesnt there, this may not be the one for you. Lots, and lots of German people, many other Europeans. A little different when you are used to mexico.Overall, the 4 star rating this hotel has would be accurate in my opinion. We had a wonderfull time and for the price we paid, we got more than our moneys worth.*Try the mamajuana, its fantastic*  
<Date>Apr 23, 2008
<Rating>4	5	2	3	4	4	5	2	

<Author>hunani
<Content>Incredible vacations!, so quiet and ordered, familiy travel, brand new       Cayena Golf Club at LTI Punta Cana  
<Date>Apr 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	5	4	3	

<Author>shuzbutz
<Content>Loved the Beach A group of 6 of us stayed at the LTI the last week in March. Range of ages from mid-20's to mid-40's from Calgary and Fort St John BC and we all really enjoyed the LTI resort and Punta Cana!Our rooms were clean and everything worked. No mold or bugs noticed. The bathrooms were a bit strange with the window in the door but ok as the toilet was off to one side. The grounds and pool were very well kept and there were always people working on them all through the day. We didn't spend much time at the pool as we were always on the beach. I had though there was going to be a swim-up bar but supposedly that is only for Cayena Beach members so we couldn't use it although we never actually even seen it. Since we were always on the beach it didn't matter anyway. We had brought insulated mugs so they kept our slushy drinks nice and cold while we basked in the sun!I thought the food was good in the main buffet. Everything I had was cooked and quite tasty. I did tend to use the omelet bar and pasta bar the most as then you can be assured of fresh food. We all enjoyed the pizza at the Italian a la carte restaurant and went back several times in our 1 week stay. They even let us in one night when we didn't have reservations.The beach was definately the highlight with beautiful white sand (like talcum powder) that extended all the way out into the swimming area. We spent the majority of our time on the beach or playing in the waves.I found the staff very friendly and the only ones I found a bit short were the ones working at the front desk. Everyone else was more than willing to say hola and smile.The market down the beach was a great source of bartering and we went back several times - it was located on the other side of the Ocean Sands resort which was next to LTI. I had my hairbraided at the end closest to LTI and they shared cold beer with me the entire time as it was one of the girl's birthday. We liked the LTI resort as it was small and we could easily split up our group and then meet up later on the beach. We heard several people on our flight home complain that their resorts were too big and they were difficult to get around. Having walked up and down the beach, I would say LTI has one of the nicest beach areas. I would definately recommend LTI to others.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>opit
<Content>At Your Peril We have just returned our holiday in dominican republic ,which was to celebrate our wedding anniversary.We had a terrrible experience as after 2 days my wife wanted to come home. We had an upgraded ocean view superior room, and what we got was restricted view with no privacy, so after a couple of days we aked the rep to be moved.We finally moved to the EXELLENCE HOTEL at our own expense and it was superb and would recommend. Food at the hotel was variable and sometimes looked uncooked or not very appertizing.Rooms basic and looked tired and on some days rooms not cleaned properly and the bedding was'nt changed . In our opionion this hotel is not 4* hotel  
<Date>Apr 11, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Golf3533
<Content>Great food!!!!!!! Great grounds,very nice Beach walk,s,food was very good also.The room,s were dated,but okay.Lot,s of places to get beer,wine or cocktails.The pool was super with lot,s of chair,s.No problems on our holiday here and would recomend the LTI ......  
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	5	3	-1	

<Author>UpstateNY_8
<Content>Would go back again! Just returned from LTI with my husband and our 2 boys (18, 11). We consider ourselves seasoned Caribbean travelers, as my husband works for a major airline. There were no surprises at LTI. It is one of the smaller resorts, however the grounds are beautifully maintained, the beach is wonderful, and the free form pool is great. We had a family suite(2 twin beds as you walk in the door, separated by a door leading into another bedroom with a king bed) which offered a gorgeous view overlooking the ocean and the pool area. Yes, the rooms are VERY basic, with VERY basic amenities-and yes, we found that the pillows are lumpy so we requested more, and they were quickly brought to our room. Although we thought it was time the rooms could use an overhaul, i.e., paint, plaster repairs, etc...the maids kept them clean. What we were very surprised about was the food. We really thought there was a great selection and it was great! The shows were nice, the animation team was very friendly, and we felt the same way for the majority of the staff who were always hard at work. If you are looking for a Ritz, this isn't the place for you, nor does LTI pretend to be. If you are looking for a great pool, beach area, and laid back resort at a good value, this is the place.....we would go back, as we truly enjoyed our stay. Upstate, NY  
<Date>Apr 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	2	4	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>hct395
<Content>Would not go back The gounds are beautiful, the beaches are beautiful the weather was nice, from there, it's downhill.The food is all buffet style and while most of it was just OK, it was just not good, I ordered two fried eggs, how can they screw that up?Well the griddle was so hot that the eggwhite disappeared and all that was left that crunchy toasted edge with yellow spots where the yolk is supposed to be. I asked the cook if he would eat that but he did'nt understand English, so all I got was that blank stare.If you want service, it is nonexistant, the natives are a nuisance hawking there wares.The room was in disrepair although the maid did an excellent job keeping it clean.We took one tour into Santo Domingo which was 3 hours away and travelling through the country gave me the impression that the Dominicans don't have much pride in their country, at any openspace where there were'nt any buildings, is where they threw their trash and I mean everywhere.I could go on,but You should be able to tell that I would'nt go back  
<Date>Apr 6, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ScreamingBanshee
<Content>Great Value!       Hotel Lobby  
<Date>Apr 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	3	3	

<Author>Patrycja_w
<Content>Average I read what travellers wrote about this hotel prior to me leaving to Punta Cana and I was scared and nervous as to what I would experience at this resort. The process of getting from the airport to the hotel was brutal- waiting 2 hours on the bus for everyone to load thier luggage and find there bus was unbelievable. We arrived 2 hours late at our hotel destination, the staff greeted us and we checked into our room. Yes, they make 2 single bed to form one queen bed. My boyfriend and i werent too happy about that, yet another couple did end up getting a real queen bed. Staff was alright, they didnt seem happy or enthusiastic. The club was dead every night, so it isnt your party hotel. The food was alright and honeslty I can't complain that it was horrible or it was amazing. You are travelling to another country where they have limited resources to everyhting, so dont expect fine dining. The beach bar had better food, less selection but it just tasted better. The roast chicken is good :)The best part of the trip was the beach! 5 out of 5 on that one! White sandy beaches and blue blue water is what i asked for and i got it. People were really nice there, alot of Europeans and Canadians. The excursions were fun as well, i recommend the tropical storm (catamaran trip)....it was a really good time despite the bad weather we still made some good memories. The Doon Buggies was ok, the buggies werent working properly so it was a bit frustrating. Over all, would i go back to Punta Cana? Sure! Would i go back to LTI? No thanks i would try something else.It wasnt bad but i had a much better experience in Mexico.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	3	2	2	3	4	

<Author>IvoryPrincess
<Content>Great Place to Relax If you are looking for a place to relax, LTI is the place to go. To be honest with you, my first thought of the staff was that they were very rude, but I came to realize that this is because most of the hotel guests are rude to them. If you are nice to them, they are very nice to you. Our maid would leave us extra towels, water, and soft drinks in our room every time she came in. The animation team were fantastic. They worked their butts off trying to show the guests a great time, but there is only so much they could do with older guests that weren't willing to participate in anything. I found the food to be great...and yes, that BBQ chicken was delicious!!! I'm still craving it now.....The evening shows were very entertaining and the disco was good. Again, as most of the guest were older, the disco wasn't exactly packed with people, but it was still enjoyable. The banana mammas and coco locos are a must have and don't forget about the mamajuana!! If you get a chance to try the mamajuana off the resort do it. It's much better than the one on the resort. All in all, I had a fantastic time and would go back there in a second.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>HalifaxGirlinNL
<Content>Really a 4.5 star resort My husband and I stayed at the LTI Beach Resort February 15-22, 2008. We consider ourselves to be seasoned travellers to the carribbean, and have been on about 10 trips down south previously. We were really concerned about the reviews on the resort we read before we left for Dominican, but we assure you won't be disappointed in this resort!Though we purchased our trip as a 4 star resort, it could easily pass for 4.5 star. We stayed in building 1, which is the furthest from the beach, but not far at all in comparison to other places we have been, since the resort itself is quite contained. Our room was beautiful, on the 2nd floor, very clean, with a mini fridge which was filled with pop and water everyday. Air conditioning worked really well (almost too well to keep it on all night long). Food was great, lots of choices and always somewhere to eat. We really liked the food at the seafood restaurant however there isn't much seafood on the menu. The pizza at the Italian Restaurant is terrific thin crust yumminess, however the menu is really limited to only pizzas. The buffet food is fine too, however we always found it really busy if we tried to eat supper there, so preferred the a la carte for that reason. The crossants in the breakfast buffet are to die for and so is the fresh pineapple juice. Near the beach there is a lunchtime BBQ with chicken and burgers. My husband loved the BBQ chicken. Also, late night after the entertainment there is a pannini station by the bar which has excellent sandwitches. We really liked the cappucchinos in the lobby bar area too.We are beach people so spent everyday at the beach. THE BEACH IS BEAUTIFUL! We could always find a couple loungers in the shade though sometimes it did required some hunting. Great swimming and they clean any seaweed off the beah everyday. The walk down the beach is also beautiful, and about 10 minutes down the beach there are a bunch of vendors set up selling the usual fare.The pool looked nice, but we didn't spend any time there to be honest.The evening shows were really high quality. The Michael Jackson show was fabulous.We went to the gym a few times and it was pretty good as far as resort gyms go, but very basic. A couple cardio machines, some free weights, and a few weight machines.We only went to the disco one night, and it was ok, but very small. The grounds are absolutely impeccably kept. We wished we had booked for two weeks instead of one.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Bootsy16
<Content>Lti was fantastic Me and my boyfriend stayed at the Lti for two weeks starting 24th september 07. We are both in our early 20's and went for a relaxing break. Here is what we thought:The Rooms: We stayed in block 4. When we first got to the room we were very pleased with it. I requested a room overlooking the pool and we got it. The bathrooms are very nice too, apart from the doors have glass in them so you can see into them but the toilet is out of view. They have a hair dryer in them which works quite well. We had a TV but no remote, we phoned the reception desk and they got one for us straight away. Our patio doors didn't lock either and we did tell reception a few times but they never got round to fixing it. So never leave anything valuble in the room. There was a fridge in the room and every day the maids would re stock it for us free of charge, we would get two bottles of coke, two bottles of sprite and two large bottles of water. The good thing about this hotel too is that the ice and all the water they use is made from purified water so its safe to drink it and not get sick. We read a few reviews which told us to tip the maid as they would leave nice things around the room, we left a dollar a day and they made things out of the towels and put flowers in it, they also gave us extra pillows. The beach: The beach was lovely, white sands and blue sea. Get there reasonably early if you want a chairs. They do lots of activities on the beach; football, volleyball etc. I never spent much time on the beach as i don't like to swim in the sea! But a few days we walked down it and there are some huts to the left where you can buy souveniers. The people there are very pushy and try and charge you lots of money, work out how much your money is worth compared to theirs then choose how much you are willing to pay. They tried to charge me 拢10 for a plastic bracelet, in the end i got the bracelet, earrings and two neclaces for 拢5. All the huts sell the same things too. The pool: The pool was nice, there are two, the kiddy pool is closer to the beach then there's a larger one the closer to the lobby. We spent the first week by the larger one, during the day the animation team would be in charge of lots of activities. They will come round and ask you to join in but if you say no they don't pester you. We joined in a few of the games and if you win you have to go on stage at the evening entertainment and you get a bottle of really strong drink, rum or something?? And they make you do a dance! Quite embarrasing. They also play music this side of the pool as this is where the animation teams hut is. They play the same songs every day which can get a bit annoying after a week. Every morning and night you do see a few men cleaning out the pool and it is generally clean. At about 11 each morning two men teach scuba diving, this is free, just walk up to them and they'll tell you when they are free to teach you. The food/bars: The main buffet is brilliant, they have such a huge range of food. You walk in and its all set out in a circle, Be carfeul about what you choose as some doesn't look cooked, we never got ill. Around the outside there are food stations, you can pick out the ingredients and they cook it infront of you, these were very nice. They do breakfast lunch and dinner here. You have to go to the italian, we went there nearly every other night, the pizza's were lovely. You get the food and drinks brought to you. It's only open a couple of nights a week and you can book with somebody sitting at the desk near the main buffet at breakfast. If you don't eat it all you can ask for it to be put into a box and you can take it away. The lunch by the pool is ok if you don't want to get dressed to go into the buffet as they wont let you in with wet shorts and you have to have a top on. They do burgers chips and hotdogs. The chips are nice but the meat just looks fatty and greasy, one day i got a burger that was pink on the inside. I tried not to eat the meat and just had pasta and things. You could also eat one night a week on the beach, it looked very nice but we never did it as it clashed with trips we had booked. The bars are a bit slow, and none of them speak english so try and learn numbers in spanish or just make hand gestures as to how many you want, The things that look like slush puppies in the machines are banana mumma and pina colada, they will ask you if you want rum with it. These were very nice. The bar immediatly by the pool in a little white shack was horrible, there were lots of wasps flying around, the bar man never seemed bothered that they were sitting on his head but you could never order a drink easily as they are flying around your head and flying around the coke machine and in drinks. You can also get rolls and soup in the bar by the pool tables throughout the night, this is good when you come out of the disco and have a craving for something to eat although pizza would be better. Trips: The trips were fun, we went swimming with sharks and sting rays, this was a good one, you go out on a catamaran and swim with the fish, they provide you with snorkle equipment, then you pull up to an enclosure in the sea and swim with the sharks,  on the way back to shore the staff dress up and hand out drinks and everybody dances. We also went to saona island, this was a long day,you get a coach to a beach and stop at hotels along the way, you drive through tiny towns and the locals stare, some aren't friendly. We also drove past a stall that sells meat and saw some very horrible things like a half skinned sheep hanging by its legs. When you get to the beach you are put into two groups, one gets the catamaran to the island and a speed boat back and the other group the other way round. We were put on the catamaran there, this took about 2 hours. We finally got there and had lunch which was not that nice and then you can sun bathe for a few hours before heading back. When booking this trip we were lead to believe that it was a paradise island but when we got there we realised that the beach back at the hotel was better. We started to wish we hadn't gone but we just decided to go to the bar and drink! Everything seemed to get better, we got on the speedboat back and the drivers race the other speedboats which is quite fun, especially when you've been drinking. They then stop in the middle of the sea and a man jumps out, dives down and picks up star fish for everyone to see. Then you can get out and swim, the sea there is crystal clear and you are able to stand on the bottom even though you are a way out from the shore. Take a snorkle kit on this trip as there are lots of eels and things to see on the bottom. The drivers open the bar again which is an ice box with rum and coke in and everyone relaxes in the sea and drinks. There were about 10 boats there and it seemed like a party in the sea, everyone was singing and having a laugh, this was the best part of the trip. We went quad biking too, this was fun, take sunglasses as they don't tell you to then when you get there they say you can't ride without them and they just so happen to charge alot of money for them there. The staff seem to be quite safe, one rides at the front and the other at the back. They get annoyed if you try and overtake. On the minibus on the way back we stopped at a cross roads and there was a car behind us, the driver handed a gun to one of the men in the minibus and he got off and into the car behind. This was quite scary knowing that the man who had driven you there and back was carrying a gun!! On the way to trips we saw alot of locals with guns. Just carrying them like it was normal. We went to the club in a cave, i've forgotten what it was called but this was ok. It took forever to get there, then it was so hot in there and trying to get a drink was impossible as the locals go here too to party at weekends and the bar staff choose to serve them before tourists. The staff understand no english so learn the spanish word for the drink you like. Its a good idea for a club and the music is good but too hot and crowded.Evening entertainment: Every night there's a show at the stage. Local dancers come in and do shows. It's quite good but gets a bit same old. We would normally play on the pool table as this was near the stage and listen to the shows. Then once the shows had finished there was a disco, very empty as most people go to bed but it was a good place to go and dance and drink if you didn't want to go to bed. Staff: The entertainment staff are very friendly, they speak good english and you always saw them running around keeping the children entertained. The bar staff are a bit moody, they just serve drinks and sometimes you feel as if they are talking about you in their language which is a bit off putting. There was one person who stood out the most, FELIX! He worked on the check in desk, he has the biggest smile and funniest laugh, the first time we met him we wasn't sure what to make of him as we were trying to ask how to use a remote and he just kept laughing at us. We thought he might have been being rude but we went to see him every night after that and he was the nicest person there, he just randomly laughs and always talks to you if he sees you around.Few things:I took my hair straighteners and they didn't work in the room, they required too much power, another couple we met out there had straighteners too but hers worked as they required less power so don't take ghd's, even our plug in mosquito repellents didn't work.By the buffet they have pictures up on the wall, here you can book a photo session with a photographer, you don't have to pay for it just for the photo's you want to buy, this is definatley worth it. The photographs were excellent, we brought ours on a cd as they were cheaper and got them developed back home.On certain days they bring round animals to have your photo taken with, a monkey, parrots and a lizard. You can buy these photo's at the hut too. Take a blockbuster card or points card with you to leave in the key holder in the room, this will leave the air conditioning on for you all day.Try and contact the hotel before you go and request block 5. The rooms are much bigger.Overall:The holiday was excellent for its money. Its not a luxury hotel but the grounds and beach are beautiful. We had a fantastic time and would love to go back.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	3	4	3	3	

<Author>PuntaCana08
<Content>LTI Awesome!!!       Our kids in the water at the beach...  
<Date>Mar 1, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	3	4	4	3	

<Author>hoyasaxa90
<Content>Nice Time, But......       Entertainment Team  
<Date>Feb 23, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jcBrampton
<Content>Don't Waste Your Time Or Money Alright if you don't have alot of time to spend reading this, I'll sum it up for you. Don't even waste your time with this hotel. For the people who want to know more, I don't even know where to begin.We had requested a king size bed and ocean view room when we had booked our vacation. We got two single beds pushed together and a view of some grass and palm trees. There was no booze in the mini fridge, the bath tub seemed rather small compared to the one at home, there were tiny red ants in our bathroom, and the room service seemed to be very basic. I'm use to going to resorts where they will make cute animals and things with our towels, but not at this place. I think I either had a case of bed bugs or sand bugs. Either way not a fun thing to have happen to you.The food was not any thing to brag about. I would have to say that the only restrauant that was worth eating at was the pizza place. The buffet food was always cold and the food just looked very sad. There was a seafood food a la carte, but guess what, if you want to order the seafood you have to pay for it. We ended up at the pizza place after our meal at the so called called seafood a la carte.The staff at this resort did not seem to be very pumped up. There wasn't a great deal of motivation to do the activities they offer. I think I could have done a better job myself instructing the activities. I also found it hard to find a staff member that actually spoke english. It was not easy trying to communicate with them. I noticed that at certain bars if you spoke spanish to the bartender he would give them their drink in a much bigger glass then what we were getting. The thing that got under my skin the most was the fact that at least three times a day someone was trying to sell us a time share.The only good thing about our trip was the beach. We had seven days of hot sun. It would rain at night for about 20 min. and then clear up. It was hot but there was always a breeze to keep you cool. I will have to worn you about the ATV trip. We did a similar trip in Mexico and had a blast so we figured lets do it again. Worst mistake we ever made besides staying at this resort. This trip was suppose to be 3 and a half hours long. We were gone for seven hours. We got to the location in which the ATV's were parked and it took about 30 min. to get the show on the road. We spent more time driving these ATV's on the road with traffic and stopping to fix them then any thing else. I know it is not safe to drive these on the road. We had to leave one of the vechicles behind because it would not start back up. Needless to say we were all very upset at the end of all this and asked how we could go about getting our money back. But these guys just ignored our requests. The next day the lady we booked our ATV trip with ended up refunding us half our money.The last thing I'll tell you about is our check out which happens to be 12 o clock. Our bus was not coming to pick us up until 7pm that night. Lucky for us a couple we meet allowed us to put our luggage in their room until we had to go. We were on the beach all day so we wanted to shower before the bus came. We asked to front for a courtesy shower. They told us we had 20 min. When we got to the courtesy shower there were no clean towels and the place was a mess. My boyfriend had to waste time tracking down a maid to get clean towels. So we showered as quick as possible. But every 5 min. the front desk would call the room and ask how much longer we were going to be. They called three times. I got so fed up and hung up the phone the last time. Our bus came shortly after that it was off to the airport. Our flight was delaid by five hours.I would never go back to this resort even if it was free.Oh and by the way it's true that the pillows are lumpy. Lucky for me I read some reviews so I knew I had to bring my own  
<Date>Feb 22, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Winkandsmile
<Content>You can do better than LTI       Beach  
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>3	3	1	5	2	2	2	2	

<Author>skinnyjimmy
<Content>not the best vacation i will not recommend this to anyone. We were not given good service. Our requests that we made when we booked in Nov 07 were totally ignored even after we sent them 2 e-mails. We were given 2 beds pushed together to make a king size bed. We were separated from our friend in a different building. Food was okay but sometimes bland. The bar tenders were good but the front reception area didn't give hoot about us or our concerns. Entertainment was so-so.Many complaints from other guests too.problems with mites and sand fleas in the beds  
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	3	2	1	2	-1	

<Author>PowBill
<Content>Fantastic Time PowBill - Ontario, CanadaDate of Stay: Feb 3rd to 10th, 2008We arrived at Punta Cana airport on Sunday Feb 3rd and were quickly taken to the LTI Beach Resort. The trip was made in a comfortable coach with stops along the way at other hotels. When we arrived at LTI we went to the registration desk to register and were given an upgraded room, Ocean View. The whole check-in experience took about 5 minutes and we were on our way to our room. When we arrived at our room, our luggage was already there. The room was on the ground floor with a view of the ocean. It had 2 twin beds pushed together instead of a king sized. The room was spacious and clean, we had no leaks as mentioned in some other reviews. The outside light on the terrace was burned out so we reported it to the registration desk and it was replaced right away. We were quite comfortable in the room and enjoyed sitting on the terrace in the mornings and evenings. The resort is smaller than some that we've stayed in before with fewer bars and restaurants and only 1 swimming pool. We found this to be a good thing as we were able to meet and get to know people better than in a larger resort. In a smaller place, you tend to see the same people every day. We made some good friends and had a wonderful time around and in the pool. The afternoon activies put on by the Activation Team were always entertaining and audiance participation was always a part of it. The drinks were good and the beer was cold. The buffet restaurant had a terrifice selection of food, even the most picky eater should have no problem finding things they like. We didn't try any of the A-la-carte restaurants. The hamburgers, chicken and french fries available at the Buchaneer in the afternoon are great. We also found the nightly entertainment to be very good. We enjoyed all of the shows. The Activation team were engeretic and funny. The shows started at around 9:30 and lasted about 1 to 1 1/2 hours with audience participation games also part of the entertainment. What a lot of fun to watch. The disco started at 11:00 pm and went to all hours of the night. We did go to the disco one night and found the music to be okay and the place was hopping. You can also see the DJ and request any song you want, its all on computer.We had a wonderful vacation, enjoying tours and horseback riding. Punta Cana is a lovey place with unbelievable beaches. The LTI Beach Resort was a terrific place to have a fun vacation. We would definitely chose LTI Resorts again.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>relyasmiles
<Content>Very Nice stay My husband, my brother in law and I just returned from the LTI Beach resort and we all had a great time, we travelled to a 5 star resort for a wedding and was overwhelmed by the size and amount of people. We were glad to get back to our own resort where life was simple and everything was in close proximity. The food was very good, Always find something to eat. The rooms were well kept, maids were very patient with us as we tended to still be sleeping when they came to clean our room. We overall had a great time and would recommend this resort to anybody!  
<Date>Feb 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Kitty-Calgary
<Content>More a 3.5star, gorgeous beach, rude animation team We stayed at LTI for two weeks from Jan24-Feb7,2008. My husband and I traveled with our two kids (ages 3  1) and our Mom  Grandmother. This trip was our fifth time at an All-inclusive resort. Plus we have cruised with Princess before. So I guess you can say we have certain standards. :o) - Overall, we do not think LTI deserves a 4star rating, more like 3 or 3.5.- We loved the beach (so gorgeous), the pool (lots of shade), and the grounds (very well maintained). All get a 10/10 from us. And housekeeping did a great job of the rooms. - We liked the fact that the resort is smaller as stated in brochure which worked out well for us and our 2 young kids.- Now, the negatives:-STAFF: (1) Waiters would bring a beer to our table (even though we did not order one) and then come right back to chug it down. We thought this to be funny the first time, but very unprofessional the second time. (2) Hotel gift shop. All souvenirs were tagged with price in D.R. pesos, and the computer (till) scans the bar code ie. price, so you would think there is no room for error. But behold, they still try to rip you off by quoting a different price then what the actual total is. Too bad for them I had already done the math in my head so I added up the items on a calculator and showed that back to the cashier. I thought this to be an awful practice, especially given that I am already buying over-priced stuff from the gift shop. I was not impressed. Plus they give a worser exchange (pesos to USD) then the bank (which was like two doors down) so I thought that to be another bad practice.(3) Animation team. This group of people should be the one bunch that is ALL about customer service. But we were sorely disappointed (Except for PABLO, now he is a gem.) At 8:30pm every night, there is a mini-disco for the kids to dance on stage (to the same soundtrack each night ie. Hands up Baby Hands Up, Hokey Pokey, etc.). Two different female members ran the show the two weeks that we were there. Both were HORRIBLE. The first girl lacked any enthusiam for the kids, did not smile or make eye contact with the kids to engage them. While dancing with the kids, she would turn her head to other workers off stage and practically have a conversation with them. The 2nd girl had enthusiam, but missed the whole point of the show which was for the kids to have fun. After the dancing, there would be a contest i.e musical chairs and each night, they would award the prize to like the 8yr old. The contests were WAY TOO competitive. My poor daughter was having fun but got so discouraged as the nights went on that she did not want to participate any more. They would call the people LOSERS and did not have any regard for hurting these young childrens feelings. Plus, one time someone left her purse behind, we told a team member and her reaction was that they can find it themselves. CAN YOU BELIEVE THAT! We took it upon ourselves to find the mom who was grateful to have her purse back. Anyway, overall the Animation team was lacking in customer service and making guests feel GOOD. Seems like they do not want to go out of their way, when i would ask one member about something they ALWAYS would say to go talk to someone else. (4) Front desk. Check in was lame, we arrived in the dark and the front desk guy drew all over the resort map and just left us to find our room by ourselves. Plus, we were suppose to be in a room on the 3rd floor (of a 3 storey building) and when we said that we have 2 kids and a stroller, they VERY reluctantly gave us a room on the main floor. But that room was facing the stage and was very noisy during the night show, and when we asked the next day if they can move us so that our room would not be facing the stage, they said NO because they had accomodated our first request already. We thought that was not a valid reason but they were just too lazy to find us another room. -ROOMS:(1) Very bare - no clock radio ie. alarm. No wash cloths. Bath tub did not drain nor did it plug completely. Water was puddling on the floor (we assumed it came up from the drain in the ground) and I do not think they ever fixed this. (2) Our Mom and Grandmas room smelled of mold. And their TV didnot work. And water was coming down from a sagging ceiling. They told front desk but none of this was fixed right. The one time someone came it to look at the water leaking, they left all their tools and black tar stuff on the floor. Needless to say their Maintenance people were not efficient or effective.- FOOD:(1) Great chicken, bad seafood the entire two weeks. Also, I had some food that was not cooked through, ie shrimp at the Oriental stir fry station and pork kabobs at the grill which I luckily saw before I ate. The workers cooking meat on the grills would use the SAME TONGS to put the raw stuff on the grill as well as on your plate. My husband watched and gestured for him to use the other tongs for the cooked stuff but was ignored so he walked away and ate something else. (2) A la carte restaurants. They had two: seafood and italian. At the seafood one, if you wanted seafood you had to pay extra. Only chicken or beef or pork was included in the all inclusive. At the italian restaurant, the menu was pizzas. Rather lame we thought.(3) For some reason, they did not like giving out milk as a beverage. I would ask for a couple of glasses at lunch and was almost always denied. You would think I was asking for a bottle of Crown Royal or something. Very annoying. And most times they did not have milk with breakfast. And it was never available with dinner. Is milk really more valuable than any alcohol....- BEACH:The sand near and under the lounge chairs was not raked. Full of cigarette butts, drinking straws, and even pieces of glass from beer bottles. A hazard and gross for our kids to play in. - OTHER THOUGHTS:(1) The time share people were always standing outside the entrance to the buffet, so annoying. (2) Room safe was $2USD per day to rent. Internet was $2USD for 15min though the internet cafe was not always open.(3) We thought the night show (at 9:45pm) was too late, we could not go because too late for our kids. Even the mini-disco at 8:30pm, they should try to have it earlier since most kids have an early dinner.(4) One day, we came back to our room to find a notice that they would like to fumigate our room. We called to tell them NO, but how disgusting to think that they would spray pesticides in our room while all our belongings and my babies food was laid out. You would think that they can do this once people are checked out.(5) All the other reviews about the lumpy pillows are right, but you are so tired by night time that it was not a big deal. Overall, LTI is a lovely resort with the most gorgeous beach. I would recommend but would not go back there myself.  
<Date>Feb 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	2	3	5	1	2	4	

<Author>mjON
<Content>Basic but would reccomend this resort This ia a basic resort with beautiful mature grounds. It is a good place to go and have a relaxing time by the pool or on the beach.For those with children, the kiddie pool is in the shade.I don't think the staff could any friendlier and work any harder to keep the facilities clean.Overall my trip was wonderful. There was always something good to eat. The chicken, turckey, fish very good, the bread, fruit, veggies and pizza great. Stay away from the lobster if you don't like your lobster BBQ. It was tender but charcoal tasting and I don't think it was worth the extra money.They mix your drinks strong if you aren't paying attention.The spa was beautiful and this is where I spent most of my money. The staff there didn't speak english well but were very friendly. Take a spanish dictionary with you.My air conditioning was fine. The only negative is that there are minor maintenance issues such as some recepticles are loose and plugs in bath don't work, I used the plastic bag out of the waste basket. These things not an issue for me.Request buildings 3-4-5, 5 was closest to the beach.Overall it was a wonderful vacation and I will go back as I have friends at the cayena VIP facilities.  
<Date>Feb 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>KarlEdmonton_Alberta
<Content>A Mixed Bag This LTI has some good and bad points. The bad points being mainly associated with the room. The resort rooms need a major overhaul. Our room was clean but it had the following problems: slightly noisy ceiling fan, very noisy bathroom fan, lumpy pillows, absent mattress covers, not fully functioning patio doors, and a TV which required some fine tuning to get it to work and not the greatest picture. However, it was the noise from the entertainment stage that upset us the most. After a couple of nights we asked to be moved to a quieter room, but even this room didn't make much of a difference. If you are an early sleeper, this place is probably not the place for you. The good points were the beach and the food. The beach was splendid, yes there was seaweed present every day but it was cleaned off in the morning. We stayed there 2 weeks and never got tired of the food. The meals had a good variety, were nutritious and well prepared.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2008
<Rating>2	4	2	3	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>karenosu13
<Content>Loved LTI My friend and I stayed at LTI. I loved it. I read the reviews and was a little worried. This was my first all inclusive trip. Besides coming in at night to a frog in our room ( which cannot be helped), we had a very pleasant experience. The food was great. The staff was awesome and sooo friendly. Our room was cleaned every day. I was able to practice my spanish, even though the staff that you interact with all speak good english, among several other languages. I suppose I have learned to appreciate things in life. I had a wondeful time and would not hesitate to go back here. Thanks LTI for a memorable experience.  
<Date>Feb 2, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>Manda87
<Content>Overall good trip       Huts on beach  
<Date>Feb 1, 2008
<Rating>3	2	1	4	2	3	3	2	

<Author>cruiseshipbride
<Content>Trapped in Paradise The beach and the hotel lobby was beautiful however, the room left a lot to be desired. My husband and I received a gift to go for our honeymoon. We were excited to be alone in what was described as paradise little did we know we would have been better off staying at home. The hotel was briefed ahead of time that we would be spending our honeymoon with them. Our room was decorated with love birds made of towels and we received a small bottle of room. The bedding situation consisted of two twin size beds that we tried to put together but, one was higher than the other, some way to consummate a marriage? We ended up sleeping in separate beds for the week. My husband and I decided we would spend time in the Jacuzzi tub but, it didn鈥檛 work. The water pressure was horrible and the jets did not work. We received only two thread bare towels per day with no wash clothes unfortunate for us that we bath at least two times per day.At meal times it was torture, the food was not cooked fully, not hot, and not appetizing it was a chore to find something decent to eat. Items that were served for dinner the night before reappeared for lunch with a sauce on it. The food smelled spoiled most of the time. To think we had to pay a mandatory $76 per day per person for that slop. At the hotel there are two restaurants available by reservation, we decided to reserve a table in the seafood restaurant; the menu was very limited and only contain one fish dish (the other dishes were chicken or beef). If you wanted lobster or shrimp you had to pay an additional $27.00. If you are a drinker you will feel like you died and went to heaven; one can drink the day away with many choices and the $76.00 will feel like a bargain. For us it was a week in hell.The hotel staff that peddled excursions harassed you in the hotel, on the grounds and on the beach constantly. Once they realized that we were from America the price tripled for an average three hour excursion. To avoid the harassment I stayed in my room except to go to the slop house to eat.On our last day there we were up and ready by 7:00am waiting for our time to leave we could not wait to get home.Take our advice, stay at home, save your money if this is where you plan to vacation.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	3	3	3	3	4	

<Author>TerceiraJackass
<Content>It is what it is My wife and I stayed at the hotel from 1/12 to 1/19. While the room was subpar, and beef a little odd, everything else was good to great. The hotel is 80% non-Americans, mostly Canadians, Germans, British, and French. Funny thing about that was it seemed only Americans had any stomach issues. We became friends with 5 other American couples and each of them needed to take some pepto bismo. The Italian couple, the Polish couple, the French couple and the Canadians never had any stomach problems. Maybe Americans just have weak stomachs. That being said.... the beach and the pool were excellent and the pool bartender Enrique was great! Always in a good mood and willing to try to make your drink the way you want it. The same can not be said of the bartenders at the Calypso Bar, (they spent much of their time hitting on the ladies at the resort). Team Animation were fantastic. Funny and energenic... always planning something for you to do. Beach Soccer, bocchia, Volleyball, Aerobics, dance, etc... As for the foodThe breakfast was simply delicious.... Eggs, bacon, crepes, yogurt, fresh fruit.... so much to chose from....Lunch was also good as long as you stayed away from anything with beef... if had a funny texture and spice to it. The chicken by the pool was awesome.Dinners were good, nothing special.. but definitely edible. The pool and the beach were kept very clean. For the price I paid it was well worth it. Please note it is more like a 3.5 star hotel than 4 star, and they have only draught beer. Do yourself a favor and bring a large insulated mug. They serve 10 oz plastic cups at the beach and pool area  
<Date>Jan 24, 2008
<Rating>4	5	2	4	5	3	3	2	

<Author>Mom of one son
<Content>Half 4 star, half 2 star The short version.... the rooms were 2 -3 star at best and the rest of the resort was 4 star and made for a great trip. If you want details why we feel this way.....read on.We traveled on Jan. 4 from Calgary Canada and arrived in a very heavy rain storm. We waited a bit in the lobby to go to the rooms because our luggage was going to get soaked and having arrived at 8 pm this put us at the room after 9. Our conquest agent had not put in our requests to be on anything but a lower floor and had apparently put us in 2 different buildings on the ground floor. The hotel at least put us in the same building as we were travelling as a couple with a 7 year old and my parents in their late 70's but still on the ground floor. They didn't have a bed ready for our son and we only had two twins, so we had to wait for a bed to be put in. We also had no functioning lights beside the beds which is the only real light in the room. They worked on this immediately but it took at least an hour and we were left with black electrician tape holding the bulb in the socket for our entire stay. Both rooms had leaks on our heads from the ceiling above the toilet, and our balcony lock didn't work at all. These problems were fixed more or less. We also had black mold on the ceiling in the bathroom and the wall was falling and chipping into the sink in the bathroom. All the railings outside were badly in need of paint and rusted and wood rot. My parents room had 2 leaks, no lock on the main door besides the flimsy door knob and their toilet flooded once during the week and my mom almost wiped out going to the washroom in the dark. Neither of our tv's received more than 3 channels and these were very fuzzy. They fixed the reception for a day or two then it was gone again. The hotel next door had 30 channels. Overall it seems that the majority of the rooms are literally falling apart but there are a few good ones. The people who get these have a much better view of the hotel. We booked this trip in September so we shouldn't have had the bottom of the barrel. We met many people at the pool who had similiar or worse experiences with the rooms and any that they changed to were as bad or worse. We also both found that the maids opened the balcony doors when cleaning the rooms and left them unlocked. We left notes to please lock them but it seemed that the staff changed daily and it ended up happening almost everyday. We didn't have anything go missing but we didn't exactly have high end stuff in the room.That said, once you got out of your room if you got one of the 2 star versions.........the pool, beach, ocean, staff and meals were all at least 4 star from my previous experiences in the D.R or Cuba. The al a carte's are a little below par for menu selection but at least we never once in 2 weeks had to wait for a table or line up for food or reservations we also always found pool chairs until a large group of europeans turned up and reserved everything and didn't use it all day. There were still pool chairs, just no shade areas left. The animacion staff was a blast and the shows were pretty good were never saw the same one in 14 nights and a couple were really professionally done. Our bar and restaurant service was always very good and yes a lot don't speak English in these areas but a smile is a smile! We made some good friends with the staff but did have problems with reception staff with trying to change rooms after the first night. We were told to come back in two days that lots of rooms would be opening up but when I showed up at 10 am. as requested, they were all gone, it was come back tomorrow at 1, then the next day until finally we just got what we could fixed in our existing rooms as best as possible and finally unpacked.If you go not expecting much from the rooms you won't be disappointed but ours were on par with a 2 star US hotel. You can tell that once upon a time they were very nice but the maintainance has been non-existent and stays that way unless you complain. We did hear that the hotel has been bought out by the time share and they are to renovate next summer. If that is true and it is a full renovation, then we would love to go back when it is done. Otherwise, no way without staying at the Cayene Beach club instead.In closing, we will always look at our outdoor shots to have good memorys of this trip and the people like Pablo, Soniylla, Pedro, Aureillio and Beinvenito. Sylvie at the front desk was also very helpful with at least getting the big stuff fixed in our rooms.If you are going, just remember to put the room behind you if you get ones like we did!  
<Date>Jan 23, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	5	4	2	4	3	

<Author>VitaliyChicago
<Content>Bad choice The resort was the worst out of two previous we have stayed in (Copacabana in Riviera Maya and Riu Jalisco in Puerto Vallarta). In our room, three out of five power outlets did not work, including the one in the bathroom, which they replaced after our third complain. The same story was in all other three rooms where our friends stayed. When we first entered the room, instead of a king size bed we got two full size beds. They put them together and said that this is their standard room. Again, the same situation was in two other rooms. The bathroom door was with a see-through glass 鈥?crazy, I was able to see the toilet area right from the hallway where our closets were. There was some mold in the bathroom on the ceiling. The toilet would not flush in our friend鈥檚 room on the first day. They only make up our beds but did not change the linens all seven days.There were four 鈥漴estaurants鈥?鈥?one 鈥渟ea food鈥?where were four options on the menu only one of them was a fish, others were pork, beef, and something else, all other sea food was on a separate menu and not included in the all-inclusive package (lobster cost was 30 USD); the second restaurant was a pizzeria and couple salads buffet ; the third restaurant was a small buffet with a very limited choice of food; and the last one, the main buffet, had the SAME selection of food the whole seven days stay (Other resorts we have been to had a different cousin every day). I would not recommend this resort to my friends. It was a bad choice.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	2	2	3	3	2	

<Author>oilers22
<Content>Relaxation at it's finest! This was our first trip to the Caribbean and to say the least this resort is awesome! Smaller with more hands on service, waiters, waitress' were all professional and courteous. Some Americans wrote before we left that the english was horrible by the staff and they could not communicate with them. I don't care where you are from Canada, US or anywhere that is english dominant you will not find any resort that all the staff can speak parts of six languages. We heard German, Spanish, Italian, French, Swiss and of course English. If you gave them a moment the language barrier would slowly fall and if you paid attention you could pick up some Spanish. The food was incredible, no matter which restaurant or buffet we never once had a bad meal. So as to all those bad reviews out there I swear to you vacationers wanting to go to the LTI your experience if you want to relax and enjoy some wonderful beaches and water this resort is incredible!! I promise it. We are going back there to get married.  
<Date>Jan 17, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>stoicescu_a
<Content>Foget about it! SERIOUSLY! Absolutelly unfriendly staff starting with the reception desk, ending to bars and restaurants. The receptionist Juan answers in absolute indifference , with both hands deeply througn in the pockets and showing a clever smile that wherever we have booked a room with a seaview the only room available is one with a restaurant view, as they sell that room as sea view' one! You will never get a coke earlier than 15 minutes, neither you will get rid of used plates on the table faster than this. Thus all afternoons , starting at 15.00 till 17.00 starts a noisy karaoke at pool site , you'll never get alsleap during afternoon hours whatsoever. you mostly have to carry yourself own luggage in last day, even asking for service 3 times at the reception. Late check up time is max at 13.00 (it may be also 19.00 hours with two options: paying a fine of 40USD, or , as the receptionist sais, paying him a tip of just 10USD instead...), but you will most proably wait for check up clerk for 30' as she/he leaves as exactelly 13.00 for lunch time.The single nice person in service at the location was the room cleaning lady she hardly tries herself doing her best. Room was clean but AC leaking, thus noisy too. Food is fare but avoid sea food, I really mean it! Soift drinks are all fake , soda tastes of salt. Beach towels are in a poor condition, and take care of occasional garbage left by tourist on the beach, as no one get's read of it until midnight. Rats appear by the pool side sorage room for beach towels every night.Definitelly DO NOT GO THERE!  
<Date>Jan 16, 2008
<Rating>2	1	2	3	2	1	1	1	

<Author>Maggie044
<Content>We had a great time! We stayed at the LTI for 2 weeks at the begining of December.We very much enjoyed the pool and beach. We had a king size bed and the air con worked great. The rooms are simple but clean and were always well stocked with water etc. The food in the buffet was tasty and always had lots of options-neither one of us EVER got sick during the entire trip! The al la carte restaurants could be a little more special but they did have tasty food as well. The staff was nice and helpful and all seemed to work very hard. The grounds were very clean and well kept! The resort doesn't have alot of english speaking people staying there so that should be taken in to account if you want to mix and mingle alot. ( it seems to be a strong German resort). We enjoyed our trip alot and would go again.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>RICHB351
<Content>Nice Time! After reading the different reviews,I was skeptical of this resort. I 'm a 'timeshare exchange'.guest.My travelling partner,was even more skeptical,after seeing prices,were so much more,at other, 'Alll Inclusive' Dominican Rep. 'resorts'.But,on the last day, she said, 'This was the best vacation'! ( FYI She speaks fluid Spanish/English,a definite advantage!) Let me start at the begining,on our arrival,the luggage ,from A/A,came out and was waiting,as we 'cleared' customs.$10U.S.,when you arrive.The airport is nice,open air,thatched.I rented a car,there are no 'rental car',offices @ the airport! I did NOT know that! It was organized 'chaos'.A nice 'taxi driver',let me use his 'cell phone',and 'low and behold','a Europcar(rental co.)',driver was in the area! Phewwww! Make SURE you call your 'rental car co'.beforehand,,and have the EXACT location, +time,to meet you,probably @ the 'cafe',right in front.$215,for a 'mid-size',@ Yahoo'($260,w/tax,and GET the 'INJURY INS..,@ $5,a day,The majority,@the 'resort',were Europeans/Canadians..The food here, was very good,they have a dif.buffet 'theme'@El Mirador',most every night. Both of us, did NOT get sick.We both took 'yogurt', 10 days prior to our trip,and they have 'yogurt,'@ breakfast.The food, 'poolside', is Franks + Burgers,'char-broiled,and sometimes 'chicken/Dom.sausage'.Drinks everywhere. The resort is basically, a 'large circle',walk around the first day + get 'acclamated'.They'll give you a map.I belive the best rooms, to be  the 2nd floor,Rooms #3115 to 3119,and the the 3rd.floor,Rooms 3215 to 3219.These rooms DO face the pool, a little noisy,during the day.(There are NO elevators)But a beautiful view, all day + evening The seafood restaurant,'Estrella del Mar'(Star Of The Sea),has a nice, 'special' Friday ,dinner,on the beach.All 'ambiance',the $47 dinner for two,was too much $$$$,and 'chewy'! The full moon,clear sky,and' waves' breaking nearby,'MADE,the evening,worth the $$$ !Tip dine, when the restaurants first open! You will have to make,daily, reservations for everthing,but the 'buffet'+'poolside'area.Tip'Buffet' area, #1,first on the left ENTIRELY 'NO SMOKING'!! Postcardsbuy + send, from 'resort',D.R.,Post Ofc.was Impossible to find!! Cost= $1 stamp,$1 postcard,U.S.The resort has a $2 fee, on ALL calls,toll free,or NOT.TV has many 'English' speaking,cable channels.No 'CD',or 'Radio s',in rooms.The 'grounds',etc.are very clean! Do visit 'Manati Park($30 each!)',free bus leaves from resort,get there for the 10:30a.m..show,then the other 4 shows follow, (@9a.m.,you can swim w/the Dolphins,additional $50/or so each )so you're back by late lunch,or so.Every evening(@9:30p.m.), they have a show,most were very good,with very 'energetic' performers!The 'Disco',you will lose weight, there,the doors stick open,the A/C(if it's even ON), flows out,and it's ,just lIke 'Buster's'song'HOT,HOT,HOT'!!! The 'DJ',did NOT play a 'good MIX'! It got 'OLD',after a few nights! Roberto, @ guest services, was very knowledgeable/friendly!So, was Juan,@the front desk.And waiter 'Agnel',by the'poolside'restaurants. .And waiter 'Juan',,in 'buffet', dinning room #1.Hello,Roberto,and 'Amico's! My main 'gripe'  OBLIVIOUS,to their own health,or the health of OTHERS, smokers and 2nd hand smoke,were prevalent,here,as I'm sure.@ other Dom.Rep.,resorts !!! Last tip bring @ least $400,U.S.cash(2 people),for tips,etc.They take U.S.,$$$$,it's was about 33.5,Peso's for a dollar(as of 12/18/07).I DO NOT advise exchanging $$$,@the airport!!!!!  There is a $6 fee and they only gave me 28 'Peso's', on a dollar!( 5+ 1/2 LESS,Peso's,on EACH DOLLAR, than the Dom.Rep.,does) All in all,you will have a GREAT TIME + Yes,the beach +pool, are wonderful,too!! p.sNo doubt you WILL, at sometime,pass the main 'intersection',where the 'Texaco' gas(a landmark) station is, I asked one Dominican, if they let everone out of the 'mental hospital',at the same time,and gave them motor vehicles, to drive!! There IS a'non-working' traffic light, there,by the 'Texaco', Why,you ask, is it NOT working??? ?I was TOLD Traffic was WORSE, with it,ON!!! I'm a professional driver,I never saw such a 'conundrum',as that 'crossroad'!! Mopeds/trucks,cars,coming at you, from EVERY direction,like Bees, leaving the 'hive'!! I missed a Moped,or he missed me,by inches,after he 'shot out' from some driveway,or,store,there!! In the end, I put 200 miles on the car,safely,in week!  
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>parkh3
<Content>Worst of Worst I have travelled at least 5 or 6 resorts in Caribbean area passed 5 years. All of them were 5 stars and I was satisfied. This time, I convince one of my best friend's family to come with our family for a Christmas family vacation...I was already informed by the travel agency (something 2000) that the difference of 5 and 4 stars was presentation of lobby, other than that no difference at all.It was rated 4 and half star so my 2007 dream vacation started...When we arrivied on Dec 23, 2007, our room was located in 4th building and the 1st floor. My wife and my two childrens had to evacuate the room because of strange smell. I called the hotel manager and he smelled it and re-directed us to other building, which was 5th building. No smell.We have 4 family members including me and we were given, two single beds and after talking to the manager, he managed to get us another bed. We noticed that all three beds smelled and felt it was never been cleaned...We were only given 2 hair towels and bather towels and I had to ask for additional towels to staff as if I was begging...The room was too humid and/therefore, could not have pleasant sleep.Between hours of 5 and 6 pm, when everyone is taking a shower, the water pressure drops and you could barely wash your body and hair. The distance between and tolet and wall is too short that my head was always touching the wall.The bed sheet and cover were not changed to new ones, however, the staff only make the bed. In the first a few days impresstion, you think you get to enjoy new cleaned beds sheet, but it was the same thing. I had to call house keeping to change them. While I was staying 7 days, they only changed it once. No bottled shampoo, conditioner and cotton tips..The restaurant or bar makes orange juice with pouder mixing water and the pina colana was the worst (100 liquid everytime, and if the bar staff feel sorry, the he would put some ice cubes in the glass).From my 4th days, I was sick in my stomack. 5 and 6 days, I had so much high fever and went back and forth the wash room every 15 minutes for 2 days. My wife as well as my two daughters shows systoms of what I had the last day. So I went to the Medical Centre and the doctor explained to me that I can charge Canadian government with all the fees that he was about to charge so I walked away.I wanted to go Casino with my male friend. At the lobby, guest service desk, we asked for free shuttle bus. it was only availble after 5 pm and at that time was 4:15 pm. Since we are obligated to get back to our family before 7 pm for the dinner, she sugessed us to take a taxi for $8. and of course, on its way, the Casino would have a free bus. We say yes. at 4:18 pm, taxi shows up and drop approx 5 mins and stopped in front of Tower Casino and asked us to get off. 4:23 pm we ask cap driver how come there is no sign of any activities and he says it opens at 5PM. We had to come to the the resort and complain about it saying Why would we want to go there before 4:30 pm and wait there for another 30 mins for nothing under the sun while there is no security The hotel informs me that it is not thier responsiblities know other business hours operation. The taxi driver knew that the CASINO opens at 5 pm and still drove us to there and came back (total maximum driving time, 10 mins) and demanded $16. Hey, let me tell you, money was not a issue here...if you know what I mean. After all, the hotel refused to pay for the cap and we waisted our time in the cap and debating and identifying whose fault it is....we were forced to pay and we did.The very last day, the hotel really really got me upset. we had total of 5 bags. I ask the bell boy at the lobby counting 1,2,3,4,5 bags were to be loaded to the bus and gave him extra tips (it usually works) and he told me not to worry. At the airport, one bag was missing. I called the hotel and my last bag was still at the lobby. Even though I have explained nice and easy, they did not care. The hotel staff told me that they can send it to the Airport and I will be responsible for $35 fare. I said no, but later I realized that it is someting that I could never win especially my fiight is leaving in just 2 hour. I was sick for 2 days and my two children are getting sick.The cleaness of the hotel was never there.There was never customer service mind in the staff's mind.I am very disapointed about LTI hotel resort and would not recommend others.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>halifax55
<Content>not going again! Stayed from the 20th-27 of December. I am very easy to please but let me tell you, I would not go there again. Punta Cana beaches lovely, the hotel appearance great, but that is where it ends. Staff give you no more than a response, make no attempt to find info for you, etc. Staff there work long hours, work hard, but in terms of thoughtfulness it is not there. No water for almost 24 hours, could not flush toilets, no hand washing, I understand this can happen, but no info given, no bottled water, hand sanitizer, wipes, nothing placed in 'public' bathrooms to wash your hands. Rude gentemen at desk saying, this happens at even 5 star.. but no more info given as to why this was happening and when they anticipated this would be over, nurse mentioned to them that they would have e.c. breakout, to which they did not change their practices. Watch staff, you will never see anyone of them washing their hands as they handle food and handle drink after drink.Everyone is right about the lumpy pillows, I understand that someone said previously you should then take your own! Give me a break...take my own pillows when I can already only take 44 pounds of luggage. Water poured from our air conditioner, nothing was done, tiles had lifted in the room floor because of this. No couch, comfortable chair to sit on in room. One of our wicker chairs was broken, I asked for a replacement or to have it fixed; never happened. My friend sent out laundry and everytime it was returned the person ignored the do not disturb (I was sick) sign and banged until someone would answer. The toilet in our room did not flush correctly, not good when you have travellers diarrehea.I was sick and am still recovering because of lack of hand washing and the temperature of the food in the buffet. Even if you arrive right at 6:30 (first seating) you will find the food is not even near warm. Also, be wary of the men who are working there who keep trying to hook up with woman so they can come to Canada. Fair enough, but leave me alone! Yuhaira and Anne Marie who work at the bar in the Lobby, wonderful young woman, always smiling and pleasant. Language is a huge barrier. Once again I understand that I am in a different country, but there was no one to go to to get a translation.Never again...Merry Christmas to one and all.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	3	3	2	1	

<Author>jlouns
<Content>Oh God, Price isn't everything!!!!!! This resort is on a beautiful beach, but all inclusive doesn't say much. The rooms were basic, but cable was out and hot water was on the fritz. Food was marginal at best. We ate at all facilities and laughed at all of them, but to be honest you can get food that will not turn your nose although we both got sick.Listen we are both airline employees that can take the good with the bad, but this was aweful. DO NOT GO 3 STAR in the D.R. !!!!!The drinks were so bad we gave up, and the flys that roamed the bars even seemed depressed. This is a vastly European resort so take all the good reviews with a grain of salt, you Americans! The Speedos of fat men were thicker than thieves, and no drinks come with more than 3 ice cubes unless you beg for more. The staff were hit or miss with most not speaking a lick of english. They push hard and often for their time-share option, and to get any service took an act of congress.D.R. is very beautiful, but don't go chep here!!!!!! It is Cancun 15 years ago!!!!!Avoid LTI unless looking for shelter  
<Date>Dec 27, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>boardbee
<Content>We loved it here! I just got home from a 4 night stay. We requested a room in building 5 and got it. It is so close to the beach!!! We ate mostly at the buffet. My fav for breakfast was the omelette station. lunch- pasta station, dinner -Asian stirfry station.The staff works so hard. The grounds were clean. Mostly Europeans and Canadians were at the resort. I brought my own pillow and Im glad I did.My favorite drink -a local Mama Wanna. Try it!The seafood restaurant was nice. Overall, this place was a perfect spot to relax and enjoy some time away.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	4	5	4	5	3	

<Author>sunfunMaple_ON
<Content>Loved It December 17-21, 2007We stayed at the LTI several years ago and loved it. We are avid travelers and are always looking for a deal. My husband and I decided to go back because of the price and the beach. After reading some of the reviews I was very hesitant but am glad we went. I will be very brief鈥?the resort is small, 5 - 3 story buildings. Everything is within close proximity (beach, rooms, restaurants). The beach is the highlight and one of the nicest on the strip. We had no trouble getting a cabana. The food was surprisingly good. We had no problems and there was always something to eat. The service was great. The rooms are a little tired but always clean and well stocked with water, towels etc. We had no problems and I didn't want to come home鈥ven though we spent 3 days in the rain during a tropical storm. If you have any questions I would be happy to answer them denisepratt@hotmail.com  
<Date>Dec 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>JOHNNYOntario
<Content>Very Comfortable Holiday at the L T I Left nov 29 to dec 13,,This was our first experience with LTI and we really enjoyed it. The rooms are kept very clean and the service is top notch. What I personally like about this resort is that it is not so huge as to be intimidating. You get to know the staff , who are very friendly and accomodating in every way. I really felt relaxed and quite at ease. There were ampel chairs around the pool as well as at the beach. Towels were plentifull. The food was very good and the variety was exceptional.  
<Date>Dec 14, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SRTom
<Content>Had a great time! We had a great time! Very relaxing. The hotel is great even though it could use some repairs. The grounds are well maintained. We stayed in Building 5 and had a great view of the ocean. The rooms are a good size but could use some updating. They indeed have lumpy pillows and bedding could use an upgrade. The food was good. Lots of variety on the buffet. The breakfast person who makes your eggs and omeletes is especially great - he really cares about his customers satisfaction. The theme resturants are ok - selections could be better especially the Italian - you only get a small buffet and a personnel order of pizza. Would like to get some pasta dishes. However, they make great pasta at the buffet - you pick the ingredients. The beach is beautiful. Very few vendors trying to sell goods. Timeshare sells were no bother. Maids did a good job of cleaning the rooms. Bottles of water and soda products were provided everyday. Scuba divers are picked up on the beach by the hotel - don't have to make arrangements to go somewhere else which is a plus.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	5	3	-1	

<Author>Greeklover_Sofie
<Content>I prefer a 5* I went for 3 days to tis hotel with my Dominican boyfriend. I didn't like the rooms, the food wasn't also good. Coke didn't taste like coke. I'm used to going to a 5* hotel like the Iberostar Bavaro hotel in Punta Cana and that's much better than this one. Oh and the animationteam of LTI really did there best! Very friendly people  
<Date>Dec 11, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	3	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>suefo
<Content>LTI was great!!!! We were concerned about the Hotel after reading the reviews.Don't be concerned. The rooms were clean and the bathroom was fine.As far as the food is concerned it was good. I thought the buffet was great, had a good variety and changed daily. I personally did not care for the seafood restaurant, but the other people in our party did.The beach was fantastic. Compared to Mexico very few people trying to sell you things. Timeshare issues were no big deal.The bar in the Lobby was better for me, I like blended drinks and they had a blender.Check in was a breeeze, as was the checkout process.Yes the pillows are lumpy, so if that is a problem bring your own.I would stay there again.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>1stsun
<Content>loved it Ideal ......small , very nice ..close to everthing where ever you are ...FOOD EXTAORDINARY EVEN AFTER 2 WEEKS !!!  
<Date>Dec 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	5	3	

<Author>Honestli
<Content>You get what you pay for We nearly didnt go to this hotel after reading some of the reviews, however we decided that most of them were probably from whingers who want something for nothing.The Facts:The hotel is quite small and in grounds that were clean and very well kept.The rooms are a little tired but clean and perfectly adequate for the amount of time that we wanted to spend in them. If you want to be really critical, the bath towels were rather small!The staff were never rude but some were friendlier than others and the friendly ones got the tips!There were bars to suit different tastes, we enjoyed the relaxing waitered service in the lobby bar.The food was ok but a bit repetitive, having said that, i enjoyed all my meals and put on weight in the week i was there.The beach was cleaned extensively each morning by hotel staff and was left immaculate.We had a number of approaches about timeshare in the resort and by hawkers on the beach, they all took notice of a polite no thanks and we never felt pressured.The hotel was quite empty except for the weekend when the locals decended, however there was no problem with this except i had to queue for a couple of extra minutes for a beer.I was a little dissapointed about the lack of snorkling from the beach, but that may have been because the sea was fairly rough.We wanted a quiet relaxing week on the beach in the sun at a budget price and this performed as well as we could have expected. It is not a 5 star luxurious hotel and doesnt cost like one, like all things you get what you pay for. We probably wouldnt go back, but im not sorry we went  
<Date>Nov 9, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	4	4	3	

<Author>DEN56
<Content>Loved the LTI Fantastic Holiday My husband and I, both in our 50's, stayed at the LTI for 2 weeks from 25th Sept, 07 we had a fantastic holiday. We went on this holiday with some trepidation after reading some of the reports, we need not have worried, we thought we had arrived in paradise. The LTI is small in comparison to some of the other hotels but we found it very comfortable and the staff all very friendly (tips or no tips). The grounds and the pool area are kept very clean as were the bars and restaurants which there are, the buffet restaurant open for breakfast, lunch and evening meal, the Italian and the fish restaurants are open alternative evenings. Our room was in block 4 again this was kept clean and towels changed daily, mini fridge restocked daily also. All staff work very hard in keeping everywhere clean. The food was good, I am a fussy eater but even I always found something to my liking I was very satisfied. The whole time we were there we had no upset stomachs etc no nothing to complain about, only the rain but no one can do anything about that. Gardens around the complex are a pleasure to look at and very well kept. The beach is something else, wonderful white sand so fine it's like talc. We walked for miles in both directions, when we weren't lied on sun beds ( which there are plenty of ) either by the pool or on the beach. No need to take your own beach towels as these are provided. We went on the outback safari trip this was a brill day out ,our guide Omar was good fun and so interesting in his knowledge of the island. We would recommend this trip, we had a fantastic time. A boat trip booked at the watersport hut was also excellant it was only for 1 hour, and went out to the ship wreck then along the coast of Punta Cana in both directions. What a wonderful place we would definitely return to both this hotel and the resort of Punt Cana.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	5	3	

<Author>rogho
<Content>totally relaxing       beach  
<Date>Oct 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>milanBedfordshre
<Content>it was okay Hi booked this holiday late, wanted somewhere nice to stay, eat and drink and have a gud time with family. when we arrived we thought it was okay. went to our room was not a family room, went to enquire and straight away changed our room without any probs, room i would say was not 4 star, plain but okay. i would say rooms are more 3 star the max. food was good, had no stamach probs as some guests said. drinkls were good. staff were good apart from the one who sits on the pool side near the quad bike, she was so miserable, all she wanted was for me to book something with her, even though she charged alot more than you can get it, cos she said she wanted commision, and if you did not book anything with her she keep hassling you. in the end she knew we would not and she completely ignored us. the other one was veronica, god she walked around as if she owned the place, thought she was better than any one else, she would only talk to people who she thought was good enough for her, even though we tried to chat to her and said hello to her many times, but she just blanked us out and some others also. rest of the staff where great. we enjoyed our 2 weeks there in all. beach was brill, pool was good. try the monster trucks, quad biking brilliant. also near the last two days we gave tips to some staff, they were great but as soon as we gave them tips they did not want to know us. my sons fav guy was fernando he was great the electric man, from animaction team. they were all good apart from veronica, stuck up she was. loved the moca chinos in the reception mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm. for what we paid we enjoyed it. if you love painting then you will like it, but haggle we bought some one they asked for 150 us dollars in the end we paid 20 us dollars yes unbeleivable. making calls from the hotel is a rip off. i made one call to my tour operator local call lasted about 1 min max, got chrged 4 us dollars  
<Date>Oct 27, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	2	2	1	

<Author>dromata
<Content>SCAM - Terrible booking service! I booked and payed trough Expedia. I emailed to Customer Service prior to the trip to change the date. THEY NEVER ANSWERED. I had a loss in my family, so after a couple of weeks I started sneding emails and again they never responded. After several calls and emails they said that it was a no show, thus I lost my money!There are several other hotels in the area, save yourself money and go someplace else!  
<Date>Oct 19, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>emz1988
<Content>well worth the money some people expect way too much. Myself and my boyfriend stayed here from 24th September til the 8th October. We had prepared ourselves for the worst but were suprised when we got there as to how lovely the resort really was. Check-in went smoothly and quickly, the staff were very friendly, and as other guests have done we emailed the hotel and asked for building 5 and thats what we got. Our room was massive, a huge kingsize bed, tv with more than enough english channels so if we wanted to watch it we could. We also had a pull out sofa bed which we didnt need but used as a sitting area. The maid came in daily and cleaned as well as refilling our fridge with 2 cokes 2 sprites and 2 large bottles of water. The hotel gardens were kept immaculate and the beach was only a 30 second walk from our room. The beach has extremely white sand and clear warm waters. My boyfriend went out and fed the fish bread as did many other people, he was surrounded by hundreds of them - you only have to gout into waist high water. The hotels pool wasnt as clean as we would of liked as we often found bugs in the pool but only after there had been a storm over night and by afternoon someone would of cleaned it out anyway. The main buffet resturant had more than enough choice, with a pasta station, chinese station etc where you pick what you want and the chef cooks it in front of you. Also there is the same sort of thing at breakfast with omlettes. We didnt try the seafood a la carte but we did try the italian which was really nice. We went there about 8 times in the 2 weeks we were there, the lasagne is gorgeous. They also do a seafood night at the beach on fridays where they make it look all romantic it looks lovely but we dont like fish so didnt bother. You have to try a bananamama cocktail, and also their pina coladas are good. Also go to the lobby and meet felix behind the information desk - he will initially just laugh at you but it is so funny to watch, we stood talking to him for hours, although some americans got offended he doesnt mean any harm. Michael Jackson show is really good the best of the evening entertainment. Recommend Saona island and quad biking, also the tropicana nightclub for those 18-30 if you want a strange but good nite out in a club in an underground cave (the more of you that go on one booking the less they will charge pp). Me neither my boyfriend got ill, only with a hangover, so anyone who did was probably a hypochondriac, or just being picky. The staff make you feel welcome and do not expect tips, but it is nice to give them as they genuinely appreciate even one dollar. We paid 拢700 pp for our holiday and it was worth every penny. I really dont understand so many negative reviews from the americans.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Samiantha
<Content>The perfect beach for the perfect holiday... We booked this hotel on teletext holidays and got a pretty good deal compared to Airtours.Myself, boyfriend (both aged 22) and my parents stayed at the hotel for 2 weeks from the 17th September. All of us had a brillant time and would, without a doubt go back. We had paid the extra to get the sea view rooms and were not disappointed. We were on the ground floor (rooms 5014 and 5019) rooms. Looking into the standard rooms we had a far bigger room, with the room including a mini sitting room (which we didn't really need). From the room, I would say we were about 10m from the sea - perfect when waking up in the morning and opening your curtains - you felt that you were on a maladives island! The rooms were a little basic, however suited the purpose of sleeping! Reading other reviews, and the complaints about the toilets - we didn't have a problem!The food was brillant and throughout the 2 weeks we didn't get bored or struggle finding things to eat. We have stayed in a lot of AI before and I have to say the buffet was the best. The stir fry station was yummy with you being able to choice how much and what you wanted. The pasta station was also the same. Some days the roast station the meat was a bit tough - but the turkey was brill. We went to both al carte resturants, however felt the sea food resturant was a waste of time. The italian was superb, with the best pizza's and lasagne I've tasted in a long time - so good that we went here 3 times!We didn't spend much time around the pool however it was always busy with little children with the childrens pool well sheltered with palm trees. Most of our time was spent on the beach. Our spot of beach was by far the best bit of beach! The sea was that lovely blue colour, some days it was slightly cloudy so snorkeling was hard but most of the time we saw lovely coloured fish. You don't need to take your snorkels as you can get them from the watersports station for an hr each day for free as well as flippers. Also we took bread rolls out and you got soooo many fish eating from you :-)We did two trips - the trip to the Island and the caribbean festival. The Island trip was good, the sea was a lovely blue however we were disappointed with the sea as there was huge bits of coral near the edge so it made it difficult to get in and out. On the way back we did the starfish bit. It was interesting to see them, however we only found a couple so were led slightly astray on seeing the hundreds which we were promised. This trip took all day where we were picked up at 7am and didn't get back till gone 6pm with a good 1hr30min drive to the port. The caribbean festival was brillant. First stop was a coral reef followed by a swim with sharks and stingrays. The staff on the boat did a fantastic job and we would do it again. In terms of shopping you won't find a lot apart from the usual tourist bits. We found the lamire (blue stone) very over priced so you have to haggle a far bit. Your best bet would be to get the brugal rum. All in all we had a brill holiday, and without a doubt would go back in a flash - we landed in Gatwick and wanted the plane to turn around!  
<Date>Oct 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	4	5	4	5	3	

<Author>G6Lv5
<Content>Galva Rules! i am 14years old i went with my parents, for 3weeks!! and it was great, i have to recomend to alll kids aged from young to teenager to go to Punta Cana LTI beach Resort! Beacsue the Kids Club (GALVA) is the greatest kids club worker ever i made freinds with her like we were sister's! i just got back home today and we were both crying at the last minute beacuse i didn't want to go!!But we still can contact woo hoo !!!! i miss her already:(!But the good thing is we should hopefully be going back thee next year! The food was Brilliant,well cooked! the BBQ has the best chicken ever!! The shows are amazing they are realy realy good dancers!:) Fernando is the fastest dancer i have ever seen and the cutest lol!! they call him the Electric man!! Markets are good but they do pester you abit so be careful!! look around before you buy something because i saw a Lacoste T-Shirt in the hotel shop(Botique) and it was $28 then when we got to the Airport it was $67! so look around before you buy soething you may just find it cheaper some place else!!! buy your ciggeretes in the airport comeing out they are much cheaper!! the pool is great to cool down in! the sea and beach is amazing white white sand its like walking on power its so soft!:) well i hope you have taken my adivice anyone that goes to thhis hotel good luck and enjoy it!! p.s.any kids that go to the kids club there please say a big big big big hug and hi to Galva for me please!!:) and Galva if you have read this or reading it hi hunni i miss you already hopefully contact you soon! i love you so much talk soon !!:)  
<Date>Oct 9, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mnopMontrealregion
<Content>the worst trip of our life We had the worst trip of our life! This vacation had been sold to us as being an excellent ratio price quality. A good resort to travel in family with young children. It wasn鈥檛 the case!!! It took us 4 hours before having a room including enough beds for us four, doors which locks and functional appliances. The personnel at the desk did not take our requests with serious and did not answer it quickly. Moreover, there was an advertisement of the Dean hurricane which would touch the cost of the Dominican Republic. There was no information on the site of the impacts of this storm. No safety measure was taken and especially no information was given to the customers of the hotel. This lack of communication is very distressing. Moreover at the time of the weekend, there were much Dominican people on the Resort. They party a lot, been noisy and impertinent, Somme of them were event very violent. We were very afraid of them. Finally put aside the beach and the sea which was all two very beautiful, food was very ordinary. There was 2 buffets and 2 restaurants 鈥溍€ la carte鈥? A Pizza place and seafood and grills. At the seafood restaurant, there were 3 choices, always the same for the entire week! A fish dish, a turkey dish and one of beef. The seafood, you had to paid for it in extra!!! In resume:-lack of professionalism of its personnel no courteous, ineffective and badgering with the time sharing.-lack of information as for the emergencies such as a hurricane.- obvious lack of safety on the site of the hotel. This lack made us feel threatened and without resource in a foreign country. We were afraid with our lives and nobody to give us assistance. The LTI is definitively not a 4 stars.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	2	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>ContemplatingCouple
<Content>Great Vacation       View From Our Room  
<Date>Sep 10, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>LOE_LOVE
<Content>Amazing!       Me my sis and a friend at the beachh  
<Date>Sep 9, 2007
<Rating>5	4	3	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Garry_and_Lorna
<Content>Great Family Holiday Firstly, I have got to say, some of these reviews I have read on here from some guys from the USA are a little harsh to say the least. There where 5 people in our party 2 couples aged 21-24  a 5 year old. On arrival the hotel is very clean and gleaming and the bell boys greet you with a smile and a chilled drink, which comes in handly after a long flight from Manchester (UK). Upon getting to our room, first thoughts were that it was a little basic but there was everything there that you need. There was a hair-dryer in the bathroom which my Girlfriend informs me was pretty decent, a TV, with a few English speaking channels, but you dont go on holiday to watch TV do you? There was also a mini bar, which was stocked up with Coke, Sprite and Water daily from the maid, which come in handy after a day lounging round the pool. The beds were a little hard, and the pillows a little lumpy, however over 14 nights never caused too many problems. The maid kept the room nice and clean, and was always very pleasent when we met her. We chose to tip her one dollar a day, we in no way felt obliged to do this, but we just wanted to show our gratitude for the job she was doing. In return she left nice little flowers and treats around the room. Next....The Restaurants. We ate in 4 of the restaurants. Firstly, 'El Mirador' aka the buffet retaurant......Breakfast was ok, a good variety of food on offer, not all was to our taste but there was enough there to suit everyone. The bread for the toast seemed a little stale, however this may be due to the heat  lack of A/C. Chef's are on hand cooking fresh Pancakes, and omelettes to your liking. There is are also fresh milkshakes made which are delicious. We didnt actually eat there for lunch, as we chose to stay around the pool, but the buffet selection for Dinner again varied and there was enough to suit everyone. There are fresh meats on a carvery, and fish cooked to order. The meat does tend to be a little rare though. There are Chef's on hand cooking pasta on request and the Stir fry is to die for. Our faverate restaurant was the Italian, which offers deicious pizza's lasgne, etc and were a nice change to the buffet. Under no circumstances were the staff in any restaurant rude or obnoxious towards us, and there is no way they made you feel like there is an obligation to tip. They top up your drinks all night always with a smile. None of our party were ill apart from the odd sniffle and dodgy belly which didnt last more than a day and no way stopped us from doing anything.The pool and beach were very very good. There is a nice relaxed atmosphere at both and the days just roll into one when you are relaxing. The pool is lovely and warm and was never really overly crowded. There were always sun beds and there is a great grill serving, chicken, burgers etc all day which are lovely. The entertainment team are the stars of the place and work there socks off, always pleasent and always energentic. Every day they change the stage layouts from top to bottom which isn't a 5 min job, aswell as supervising varuous activities throughout the day. The night-time shows are always varied and provided some great moments for us over the 14 nights in particular the Comedy show and the Magic Show. If i was to score the team on there own I would give them 6/5! They played a major part in our enjoyment of the holiday.All in all, i am gald i did not pay too much attention to some of the reviews on this site, as we all had the time of our lives at the LTI.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>nanks
<Content>you get what you pay for stayed at the lti from the 14/08/07, the hotel isnt as big as some of the others which surround it but we found it ok, the grounds are well kept and the staff were all freindly but keep an eye on some of the bar staff if you have teenage daughters]the rooms were cleaned daily and the mini bar re-stocked daily.the evening entertainment tends to get boring after the first week and the same shows tend to be repeated on a weekly basis,there isnt to much for teenagers to do in the evening there are a couple of pool tales and thats about it.the food in the main restaraunt isnt to bad but tends to be the same thing repeated every 3/4 days.you tend to be hounded at breakfast when you come out of the restaraunt by the time share people who stand next to the door.the beach is fantastic and never gets too crowded.the pool area is nice and there are plenty of loungers available and there is no need to get up early and reserve them you go go down at mid day and there would be plenty available, some days during our stay there were only around 20 people around the poolthe only thing that spoilt our stay was the weekends, the hotel is taken over by the locals, we saw children standing on the edge of the pool urinating into the water watched by there parents, they brought there own music system and played loud music all day, they threw the sun loungers into the pool and the security gaurds stood and watched. we also had 3 of the young men staying in the room next to ours who would come back from the disco at 4am and continue the party until 6am.it was obvious that the hotel knew about the problems as they sent around there customer service lady to all the guests on the monday to appologise.we had a pleasant time the rest of our stay and would say that you get what you pay for, if we did go back i probably wouldnt stay at this hotel  
<Date>Sep 3, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>edm7583
<Content>Some people always expect something for nothing.       standard issue room  
<Date>Sep 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>kcone87
<Content>Worst Vacation of my life I never write reviews, but this hotel made me. I went to this hotel because i did not have much choice or say in visiting my girlfrinds enormous family and staying at the supposed most affordable hotel on the beach. Front management is rude and not helpful. Remote never worked. Our friends shower head broke and curtain rail broke. I had to sit awkardly on the toilet beacuse i have long legs and their is a wall a foot in front of the toilet. Considering i spent alot of time there, it was very annoying. Many of our 30 guests got very sick. I do not know what this hotel does, but it seems everyone gets sick there, disgusts me frankly. Its not right. The food was horrible. The stafff was very unprofessional. Hitting on my girlfriend and other women we were with as well, and very pushy with tips, even when completely undeserved. Our hotel rooms were originally all mixed up with varying beds, and they first lied to us saying that they did not have king beds and that it was previously owned by Germans who only slept with Single twin size beds. HA ! crap pours from their mouths onto their plates. Because it is so far away from civilization, you are essentially stuck to eat their crap food and get massively ill. I got the worst stomach pain, diarehha, and vomiting of my life while i was there, and it was while i had a fever and pain all over my body. I was also medicated because fortunately we were a family wi th 3 doctors. Their on-site pharmacy charges over 100 dollars just to see the doctor and get something for your illness. My girlfirend and I barely got out of there the day we were supposed to leave, My girlfriend slept on the toilet on night. When she didn't have her head in it vomiting she was sitting on it as her colon was vomiting. Our friends and family where in similar situations, one was on an IV, but everyone liked to blame their problems on things unrelated to the hotel like hangover, sun poisoning, etc. I guess people don't like the truth. This hotel is a disaster, and if i could i would love to have a class action lawsuit against this place, but those are the faults of leaving the good ol' USA. O yea', their entertainment sucks as well. It was like watching a horrible re-run of a 1990 MTV spring break contest. And the beer was always warm too! I just wished i could have saw these reviews before i went. I would have just straight up refused to go there. Maybe i can save some poor misguided soul out there from entering a little slice of hell on earth.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>WelshKat
<Content>A Wonderful Holiday! I have just come back from two weeks in the LTI with my boyfriend. From day one, we both had a wonderful holiday and have some amazing memories! Flight and Check-inThe flight was fine, we did pay extra for leg room...well worth it! Check in was quick and easy, the staff were friendly enough. We emailed the hotel before we left and requested a room in building 5 as it is on the beach which they then gave us. People are onhand to help with luggage,etc.RoomThe room was lovely, air-conditioning was working fine and the pillows are NOT that bad! We did take one of our own from home in case! The maids came every day and left us cokes, sprites and water in the mini-bar. On our first day a couple of bulbs and the hairdryer were not working and so we reported this to reception before dinner and by the time we returned it had all been fixed! We had no trouble with mosquitos although we did purchase plenty of repellant before going (50% deet essential)BeachThe beach was stunning! White sand, clear, warm water..Great for snorkelling! You can make use of lots of the different water sports and the beach was very clean. FoodBreakfast was fine and the lunch time grill was fab! Evening meals were ok, you could always frind something to eat although we recommend the stir-fry! There are plenty of waiters to bring you drinks, etc...just smile and be polite! We didn't feel we had to tip but now and again we did because they worked so hard.EntertainmentThe animation team work very hard, and theres a fun mini disco for kids and the entertainment for adults is pretty good. ExcursionsWe went on some great excursions while on holiday. We recommend Sayona Island (stunning), swimming with sharks and stingrays (exciting!) and Bavaro Splash where you get to snorkel with amazing fish and drive your own speed boat. All the trips were worth the money and they weren't too expensive.Overall, I would recommend this hotel and hope other people's bad experiences don't put you off!  
<Date>Sep 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>hkmj98
<Content>Not Worth The Trouble If you want a place to stay without perks, then this is the hotel for you ! ! Otherwise, there are nicer prettier hotels in Punta Cana. We stayed 3 nights and sweated 3 nights. Fitness center, spa and all restuarants had no AC. Even the windows in the faculties were closed. WHY ?? Fitness center had 2 tread mills , one bike and some weights. Spa, forget it exists, hot and misty. Restuarants were hot, no breeze and food was not worth the wait. Buffet was ok for breakfast but forget about the other meals. Pool was nice and thank god , the AC in the room was cold. All in all, if you JUST want a place to veg out for couple of days, stay here, otherwise, forget it  
<Date>Aug 27, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>wearefamily4
<Content>the good with the bad Just got back a couple of days from LTI and after having spent the past week there with my family of 4, I agree with some of the previous postings. This is my 2nd time at the DR. My wife and I stayed at the Wyndham Dominicus Beach 4 months ago and our experiences between the 2 resorts were quite different. I'll present you with facts about our stay and allow you to decide for yourself whether to book a vacation or stay away from this resort. Be informed that this is the first review I've ever written although we've vacationed multiple times in the Caribbean. -Most of the staff were friendly, we were often greeted with 'hola' t/out the day. -the remote control for our TV had to be exchanged 4 times.-our toilet handle broke during our stay-water leaked from the toilet. -the toilet area is very small and the half -french bathroom door was unusual-the beach was amazing, the sand as fine as I've seen. we spent most of our day under the cabanas where the temperature was around a cool 80 degrees. And yes, there were many topless women around.-we never went to the shows so I can't give you my opinion about those. I did notice that the entertainment staff worked hard at trying to get the guests to participate during the many daily activities.-the difference in languages was not much of a barrier-the grounds were well kept -the pool was large and clean-the resort was quite crowded during the weekend but quiet on weekdays-there were timeshare opportunites present, but the sales staff was not as aggressive as I've seen. -the food selection was limited, although to be fair, we didn't try out the seafood restarant because the entrees wasn't to our liking. The papaya and melon milk shakes were quite tasty, the chicken at the grill was great, and the omelet station was always popular. Having said those things, our family collectively lost weight during our week-long stay, and our abdominal issues continues 2 days after our vacation. Maybe it's because we have weak intestinal fortitudes, but this is the first time this has happened to us.-bottled water, bottled cokes and sprites were delivered daily to the rooms.-overall, the negative issues aside, we had a very relaxing stay--the atmosphere of this resort is conducive for such a vacation. And again, to be fair, we noticed quite a few guests that were having a blast.The DR is a beautiful but underdeveloped country. IHowever, it is not likely that we will return. I hope this review helps you with your decision.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Titimejias
<Content>The worse experience-FL The hotel is beautiful and most of the staff is very nice. I'm talking servers and maids. Front desk and Management are very unpolite and rude.I fell on the premises and sprank the ligaments of my right hand. My husband had to go and get some ice because nobody from the hotel wanted to provide any help. Also, we had to call a taxi beacuse they did not want to take me to the emergency room even though that was the recommendation made by their doctor.Then came the spider. While sleeping in the bed a spider got in my ear and cause several problems including preventing me from flying back home. By this time I was ready to cut my vacation and come back home.The food was OK but nothing special and the restaurants have no AC. It's hard to eat sweating and kicking mosquitoes. All of us got sick. My 2 friends were so sick they had to stay in their rooms for 48 hours.While visiting the enfermery to treat my ear I found out that more than 36 people were as sick (that was only from 2 groups, I don't know how many others were)as we were but the hotel never warned us so we could take precautions. On the contrary they were trying to hide it so they didn't have to take responsability.I contacted the travel agency that (TravelMart) sold us the trip and have not hear back from them. So please, consider not using them if going to the Caribbean. It's been 3 months since the trip and I'm still unabel to used my right hand. It has cost me a lot of money and agravation and all I want is a refund for what we paid. CeciliaGainesville, FL  
<Date>Aug 16, 2007
<Rating>1	1	3	4	3	1	1	2	

<Author>Mountie70
<Content>Stay away! We stayed at the LTI Punta Cana over the Christmas/New Year week. Check-in was relatively easy. When we got to the room, we found that one of two rooms had not been cleaned. Filthy beyond words! Full of flies, musty smelling, totally disgusting. They finally sent someone after a half hour. The sliding glass door was difficult to move, and eventually fell apart. The bathroom doors are glass doors (so much for privacy). The shower curtain in my sons' room fell off the wall, and no amount of complaining got it fixed for the rest of the week. The food was nothing to write home about, and one of my sons and myself got sick on New Year's eve on bad pork. Other guests got sick as well. Another guest told us that the railing to their room fell off when she leaned against it. They repaired it and gave them a cheap bottle of wine to appease them. Our phone did not work all week, and again they did nothing when we complained. TNT travel booked us in to this dump, and no amount of calling, complaining and reviewing elicited any sort of response from them.DO NOT USE THEM EITHER!!!!!My advice is, use the resorts on the western side of the island. The water and weather are much better.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	3	1	-1	

<Author>oswegomrsbaker
<Content>Great Value for families Last Christmas, my family decided to have a mini family reunion in The Dominican Republic. We decided to go to Punta Cana because the beaches are better. We chose LTI because of the price and amenities for the price. First, the positive...It has a wonderful beach, especially for younger children. It is on a part of the beach where the waves are not as rough. If you are like my husband, who likes big waves, it is only a five minute walk down the beach to bigger waves. It is also a little further down the beach from the rest of the resorts, so it is more private and less crowded. The pool was nice and never crowded. there was a perfect size wading pool for toddlers.THere are many bars that had great choices of drinks and cocktails. Everyday there were numerous activities around that had food different from the buffet. This food tneded to be much better that what was at the buffet.The two reservation required, but still inclusive, restaurants had very good food. OUr family really enjoyed the Italian restaurant. The rooms were clean and the staff was very friendly and attentive. When checking in ask for the newer building on the beach. A lot of the rooms overlook the beach with wonderful views. They are closest to the beach and are newly renovated. There are a lot of activities that can be arranged from the resort. We did parasailing, horseback riding, ATV tours, catamaran, snorkeling, and a banan boat. There was much more we could have done but decided to be beach bums the rest of the time.If you go for NEw Year's, all the resort put on a fireworks display. It was really beautiful on the beach!The few negative..The buffet wasn't great if you are a picky eater. Breakfast is good, but the other meals, not so much, A lot of my family members had the typical stomach problems. If you want to play tennis while there, the pro is a little unreliable. They lock the courts after hours, and if you want to play the next day, you have to find the pro to unlock the courts. HE was a very nice and friendly guy, but just hard to find. No one on the resort seems to know where to find him.The resort is one of the furthest from the airport, so it is better to get your own taxi then one of the shuttles that stops at other resorts. It is a great way to get a peek at other resorts, but can get frustrating when you just want to get to you place.IF you go over Christmas, be prepared that on Christmas Eve, Christmas Day, and New Years they close all the restaurants and have a big buffet. But you can't go to the buffet whenver you want, you have to get a seating time. We arrived on Christmas Eve and received a seating of 8:30, which wasn't great for my 13 month old. All in all, it was a good resort for the money. It wasn't as large and luxurious as some of the other resorts. IT is still a great vacation, and one of the best beach locations in Punta Cana  
<Date>Aug 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>WiseVenezuelan
<Content>Not a bad Deal       Pool at night  
<Date>Jul 30, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	3	3	3	

<Author>SleeplessDreamer
<Content>go press CONFIRM now! We stayed at the LTI from July 15th until the 22nd. Here is everything you need to know!AIR TRANSAT: Let鈥檚 just say that it could have been better on the plane. The breakfast that we were given was frozen on our way there and we did a stop-over on the way to Punta Cana through St-Martin, which we stayed ON and in our seat on the non-moving plane for 45 minutes. However, Air Transat is really accommodating towards kids.AIRPORT: The Punta Cana airport was fairly quick with the check in, however some of the customs staff didn鈥檛 speak English so it was hard to understand what they were asking you as we got some difficulties with some sort of payment, which I still don鈥檛 understand. So brush up on the Spanish! Yet, the luggage pick up took longer than normal as we all sat there, sweating and looking at a moving conveyor belt with no luggage. However, check out went very well. Now to the important thing, the resort itself!CHECK IN: Wonderful! The front desk did everything possible to accommodate their clients as we asked for either a second floor or third floor room to avoid insects, which they managed in mere minutes. We also got a nice refreshing fruit punch on our way in!RESORT/ROOM: The building itself is older than new, yet it is kept clean and very well maintained. We had no problems with mosquitoes as they spray DEET routinely and discreetly. The rooms are standard and kept very clean by the maids. The pillows aren鈥檛 great but just ask the maid for more than one and take your pick. The bathroom was TINY and hopefully you aren鈥檛 claustrophobic. There was also a glass panel on the door for some weird reason, which was a little awkward but we just covered it with a towel. The A/C works really well and the room was always cold! If something doesnt work in the room, just ask the front desk and they will arrange for someone to fix it (such as our TV.) BEACH: The beach is AMAZING as the sand is very fine and white. The water is also really good yet; there is the occasional seaweed if the weather is breezy as the tide pushes it in. There is also plenty of shade under little palm huts and chairs to use and really we were there everyday and didn鈥檛 swim in the pool once! Also, you can walk along the beach for literally miles passing other resorts and on one side of the LTI beach, about 10 minutes, there is a local flea market, perfect for shopping, and on the other side, about 60 minutes, there is what they call the 鈥淰illage.鈥?We didn鈥檛 go, but we were told that there is a grocery store and other little shops. Remember to bargain at the shops as we went from 100$ to 18$. In all, the beach is perfect for people who like to take long walks on the beach, as clich茅 as that might sound! FOOD: Yum, food! There is 4 restaurants: Mirador, the main buffet, Buccanero, a BBQ/buffet place, estrella del mar, an a la carte seafood, and trattoria, a pizza/pasta a la carte. Everything was super good and both a la carte have to be tried for sure! Also, reserving them is super simple as you can do it when you go eat breakfast. We had lots of variety to pick from for all our 7 days as everything was preety much international and we didn鈥檛 even get sick! However, other guest did complaint of stomach problems, so I guess it depends in the person. We just avoided the salad bar and drank tons and tons of water. The secret is have a drink, then glasses of water, and I鈥檓 sure you鈥檒l be fine. Also, between lunch and supper, there is a BBQ snack bar, where they make hot dogs and hamburgers and fries for everyone who wants a snack, right between the beach and pool, near Buccanero, which is really good. One night, there is a lobster dinner that isn鈥檛 included and is served out in the open. Really nice atmosphere and even if you don鈥檛 order the lobster, they can grill pork chops, steaks, etc. for you on the grill anyways. Seriously, we ate 24/7 and never once did we complain!SHOWS: Hilarious! Many laughs guaranteed and really they work so hard since they鈥檝e worked all day as the animation team! They were all super friendly too and not pushy if you don't want to do the activities.TOURS: If you want to go on a tour and see the country a little, definitely go on BAVARO RUNNERS, which is definitely worth the 80$ and is much better than other tours that we鈥檝e been on. If you are on the English tour, hopefully you will get Eros, who is wonderfully cultured, funny, and knows his stuff. The tour is done basically on an open all terrain jeep that can seat up to 18 people, where we go through the countryside, through cities, stopping first at a sugar cane field, where you get to try sugar canes then through a local Dominican house, where we taste local fruit, see how coffee and chocolate is made, so goooood! Then we go to a ranch where horseback riding is included. The riding didn鈥檛 last long but it is pretty funny, as the horses seemed automatic! Lunch is served at the ranch and there is a mini zoo, tobacco museum and a beach there too, where we were allowed to swim. Later, we stopped at a natural cave, where we went in and saw bats. After, the tours ends going through rice fields. It is a very complete one-day tour and if you do go, remember to wave to the locals and bring candy for the local kids! They will love you for it. Also, give something to the little boy on the donkey; his smile will make your day!CHECK OUT: Sadly, we had to leave. We were picked up about 45 minutes late from the resort but remember, they travel on Dominican time, so it鈥檚 all relaxed! The checkout was fast and hopefully, you won鈥檛 get your carry-on checked by the guards as I saw them really thoroughly check others, so no liquids whatsoever. There is also a 20$ US fee to pay to leave the country. Also, when you enter Punta Cana, they will take your picture, which you can pick up when you leave. Kind of smart for 8$ but we took ours anyways! There are places to eat at the airport, yet it is crazily overpriced. The plane ride with Air Transit back was good as it is only 4 hrs long and we were served food at normal temperature!OVERALL: This part of the Dominican Republic is really designed for tourists and really, it works out for us as the resort is really a 4 star and I鈥檒l personally add a half! Everyone is so friendly and there are many places to go if you want to leave the resort on foot and walk around! We really enjoyed our time there and hopefully you will too, so go press CONFIRM!PS: If anyone knows how time-sharing works down there, I would really like to know. (Thats how much we liked it!)Have fun! :)  
<Date>Jul 24, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>KleiCroatia
<Content>LTI resort Punta Cana We got back yesterday from LTI beach resort. We went there on our honeymoon. I read reviews before I went there and I see that lots of them were true.CHECK IN- It went smoothly. I mentioned to the receptionist that I want room in building 5 and I got it but I think we would get that room in any case because there was a welcome letter in which our lastname was mentioned. ROOM-We were in the room 5202. Room is average. It was very clean, AC was on and fruit and rume were served on a small table. Furniture is very old and it needs urgent renovation because it smells strange. AC was leaking in two places and one of them was closet so we couldn't use that one. WC toilet worked strangly so we had to call somebody to fix it. They immediately came but after that we also had problems with it. Nobody came to fix AC.You have to know that this hotel takes care of appearance and looks wonderfull outside but inside everything is old. AC in the room has 3 different speeds but you can't see the difference between them.My husband got sick and had a flue cuz of AC. Bathroom had a glass doors!!!You couln't have no privacy. The part of bathroom were toilet was was so claustrophobic.GROUNDS- Grounds are wonderfull. Everything is full of different kinds of plants. All day we could see workers taking care of plants. What a pitty,they didn't do that for the rooms!ANIMATION- Animation team worked hard but I think that animation team wasn't well prepared for their role. For example, we went on a dance course and really wanted to learn merengue but animation was dancing so fast, they didn't show us steps slowly so we stopped going there. Each night there was a show at 9:30 p.m. We liked shows like :MR. LTI , Ideal couple and International show. All the others were boring and they repeated. ( We were there for 14 days).WAITERS- Some waiters are really rude and they just wait for the tipp.(Even if they don't deserve it!) When you don't give them tipp, they ignore you entire next day. Once waiter just passed by our table and pretended he doesn't see us and didn't want to bring us coffee. ( That was in the main restaurant El Mirador in section number 3.) I know that people there are poor but I also heard that those who work in hotels have 250- 300 dollars salary which is great for their country and they are richer than rest of the nation. Waiters in a la carte restaurant Estrella Del Mar were great. Remember!!! Tipping is very important in this hotel !SEA/ BEACH- I didn't like the sea because it was full of seagrass. Beach was great. We allways had our place under the sunshade.FOOD- Food is average. They have different kinds of dishes each day but menu doesn't change. Vegetables were not cooked well. I ate pasta or perch fillet with riceall the time. It was great. I loved Pina Coladas. I didn't like weekends cuz then a big group of Dominicans comes to this hotel. Some of them behaved awfull in the restaurant, they touched food with hands...They were very loud.I hope that managment of this hotel reads reviews and that they will improve some things in this hotel.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	4	2	3	2	3	

<Author>leedsone
<Content>its great as a party of 6 people we stayed at the LTI for two weeks in june and it was fantastic ok food is not what you experience at home but is ok .entertainment is good andplenty of it and in english.rooms were clean and cool and mini bar well stocked. beach is pure white and like talcum powder .all in all it was great.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>ofafard
<Content>Nice but .... Watch out for food !!! Me and my wife (end of 20's) stayed there for the 1st week of july. We red all the reviews before to go, but since we've been traveling a lot before and never had any problem with food or other intoxication, we booked the LTI anyway. More than that, my wife is brazilian so she's used with this type of food, undrinkable water and non air-conditioned buffet... We've been both sick due to food on our second day. Enough so that my wife had to spend the night at the clinic and received multiple shots and been plugged on the 'infusion' for all night... we spent 1400$ for doctor care and medication, and lost 2 days of our vacations ...For the rest, it's a nice place, I'll explain next some of the details you should know...PROS : - Nice pool, nice grounds. It's not a 5 stars, but it's ok. - lots of peoples, especially in the week-end = good ambiance and lots of activity...- lots of young people and young couples- animation team is awesome, working hard from 8ham to 11hpm- beach is nice, but at the time we were there, lots of 'algs' on the beach...- water very warm with very small waves. If you like big waves, you can walk 400 ft and find bigger ones in front of the Bavaro Princess resort just nextAVERAGE :- the standard rooms are ok. ceramic floor, air conditionning, small balcony. We didn't have a remote control and cable signal is bad for lots of channels...- bathroom is small, especially when you spend the night there...- no view on the sea- specify when you book that you want double beds, or you could find a room with two single beds and very thinny pillows (I think you have to say that you're over 30 yrs old if you want to be sure to have double beds...)CONS :- FOOD IS NOT SAFE !!! raw meats are served in some refrigerated display counters intend for indoor use under controlled ambiant condition. It's clearly written : THIS EQUIPMENT SHOULD NOT BE USED IF TEMPERATURE IS ABOVE 30oC (90oF). It's been above 35 Celcius for all the time we were there, and they always used those counters... More than that, the served the thursday's dinner outside, under the sun, around the pool... the best was the small cooking station (chinese, pasta, pizza) around the buffet. You select the ingredients and they cook it in front of you...The medical clinic was full of sick people for all week. The morning I went to pay, there was a queue... At least 50% of the persons I've met had health problem worst than 'tourista'.- there's only 2 restaurants 'A LA CARTE', and one of them serve very average pizza. You can have pasta, but will find the same at the buffet.The other one serve seafood, but for free, you can only have 1 kind of fish. If you want lobster or shrimps, you have to pay your plate (approx 20$). The entry is good though. Still that I've been sick after this dinner too, on my last night ... You can go at the 'A LA CARTE' restaurant as often as you want, but you need to make a reservation at the breakfast buffet the same morning. There's always some place available at the pizza , but the other one is closed on Thursday and friday, and you have to make a reservation early (before 8h30am) if you expect to succeed to have a place...- drinks are not that good. No bottle beers, only local 'PRESIDENTE' in draft. Pina Colada are very chemical and never enough cold... The Rhum, Vodka and other liquor they use are a cheap brand called 'CLASSICS' from dominican republic...- all drinks served in plastic glasses almost everywhere (except in the restaurant)- no bars in the pool - very aggressive selling of time-share. Boring and aggressing- very expensive small markets (20$US for cowboy hat, 20$ for fake sun glasses, 100$ for a painting, 5$ for fridge magnets)- markets sellpersons are VERY VERY AGRESSIVE. they take you by the arm, ask your name, put a cheap necklace in your neck before you said a word. a guy treated my wife of 'PUTA' because we didn't go in his shop ...- animation for kids is mostly in GermanComposition of the customers is approx as follow:40% German25% locals10% French Canadians10% Americans10% french5% othersDoctor said that the heat (it was very hot when we were there) was probably more the cause of our sickness than the food... still that we didn't enjoyed any meals after the second days... but nobody of the 15 person I've met who stayed at the Princess resort just next were sick and didn't heard of anybody sick either... It tells a lot...BON VOYAGE !OlivierI will defenitly never go again to LTI  
<Date>Jul 11, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>alpinegato
<Content>Nice Vacation, Great Value, Had a Good Time My husband, 14 yr old daughter and I stayed at the LTI the last week in June. We got a really good last minute deal and the price was right. The weather was great the entire week we were there. It rained only at night so it didn't bother us. One night there was a terrific thunder and lightning storm which we heard was very unusual. Arrival: We were able to check in quickly and smoothly. Our luggage arrived in our room about 10 minutes after we did. I too had read the previous travelers' reviews and was a little bit worried about certain experiences they had. I followed someone's advice and sent a fax a few weeks before our arrival requesting either Building #4 or #5. We got building # 5, third floor with an ocean view! Another surprise was the plate of fresh fruit and place setting for two along with a small complimentary bottle of Rum waiting in our room when we got there! (Maybe they thought I was a travel agent?) The room was nice and they had also set up an additional bed for us for my daughter! So our welcome was first rate and we were impressed. The AC was also on when we got there. Restaurants: Once you got used to the various dishes being served at the buffet, we could find something we liked. The Oriental Stir Fry station at dinner was very good and the Omelet station for breakfast was also very good. There were plenty of pastries and fruit to pick from. Their cold cuts are different and so are their hot dogs. At lunch we ate at the poolside restaurant/grill. The chicken is great! It is like a rotisserie chicken seasoned really well. They serve hamburgers and French fries there all day long too. There is no problem booking a reservation at the two specialty restaurants each morning at breakfast. We liked both the Italian one where they had a nice lasagna and good pizza and the Seafood restaurant which was air-conditioned and offered a really good seafood soup or French onion soup as an appetizer! Activities: We did a little bit of snorkeling on the beach and saw some neat fish. The animation team is very energetic and do their best at trying to get people involved in activities and games. They work long and hard hours. We played BINGO at the pool and won a bottle of rum! The nightly entertainment is ok. A few of the shows were really good including the 鈥淢ichael Jackson鈥?show and the magic show. If you tip the waiters at the Theater they will come back and take care of you all night. After the show they serve some pretty good sandwich snacks at the Calypso Bar right next door.My daughter and I took the Tropical Storm catamaran trip off the beach which I HIGHLY recommend to anyone. It was awesome. You can book it at the Dive Shop on the beach it costs about $84 if you pay cash, more if by credit card. It was well worth it. They feed you on the boat and provide you with drinks after you are done snorkeling. The fish we saw were amazing, all colors and we were able to feed them right out of our hands!Other: The pillows are flat, lumpy etc. and we asked our maid the 2nd day for 3 extra pillows which helped.The grounds are beautiful, vegetation is mature, the pools are nice and the beach is great too. Very soft sand, no shells. Bring bug spray! I was bitten every night at the theater by something which left painful itchy welts which lasted a few days. You can鈥檛 hear, see or feel the insects/bugs but you see the bites the next day. They might even be spider bites!?Apparently on the weekends many local natives come and stay at the LTI 鈥?usually beginning on Friday 鈥?leaving on Sunday. They arrive en-masse and take over the place. The pool/Jacuzzi become packed. This we found to be very annoying as they are loud and have tons of little kids. I think they get a really good special weekend rate or something. Other than this, we would have given this place a 4.5 point rating for the value but we were so annoyed that we will give it a 4 point rating.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	5	3	4	4	3	

<Author>love2travelaz
<Content>STOP! Do not pass the reserve button!! We arrived on July 21, 2007 and stayed approximately 3 hours...just long enough to get booked and moved to another resort. None of the restaurants have air conditioning so you sweat your way through eating! Not a very pleasant experience. Our rooms were not cooled (both of them) and the sliding glass doors would not close all of the way which would allow the local mosquitos to eat us alive! The grounds were o.k., but the atmosphere was that of locals staying at the LTI. Our first and probably last trip to Punta Cana. We are worldtravelers and there is a reason why there are inexpensive vacations to this island....good luck if you push the reserve button!!!  
<Date>Jul 2, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Ads_7
<Content>Beautiful Grounds and Beach My girlfriend and I didn't originally book this hotel, but the one we had booked was being refurbished so they 'upgraded' us. The hotel is very impressive to look at and is set in beautiful gardens and there is a beach which drops off the back which is just a nice. I found the hotel room was more than enough room for 2 people, although the bathroom was a tight squeeze! The rooms were extremely clean, as were the stair wells and balconies. I saw the odd fly/mosquito whilst I was out there, and of course, ants around the drinks areas, but other than that, not one single spider or other insects.The food was simply 'ok'. It was nothing to crow over, however, was enough to satisfy your needs. Be careful that the food is heated throughout, as I did come unstuck with lasagne which was only 'warm' and gave me a funny tummy. I did enjoy the breakfasts though.Some staff were extremely rude, however, the majority were nothing short of perfect. The bar staff can normally understand basic English, so enough to order your drinks. My only major gripe with the whole holiday was the evening entertainment. Most of it in Spanish, which is fair enough as it's a Spanish speaking country, however, they didn't really cater for English speaking holidaymakers.I thoroughly enjoyed my time here. I found the atmosphere relaxing and fun too. I would recommend this hotel to couples who want to spend the week together and chill out. PS : We heard that June was wet season..... we had beautiful sunshine all week!  
<Date>Jun 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>canadianeh2007
<Content>It wasn't so bad I went to LTI for one week in mid-June with my wife and 15-year old daughter. We had gone to many 4-star hotels in the past, and this was our fourth time in Punta Cana. I have used reviews from this website to do research in the past, so I want to offer some information to prospective hotel guests. My family and I were very open-minded and tried to stay positive and ignore the small details that we did not find to our liking. Room: we stayed in building 5 with poolview. When we arrived, the air conditioning was not working and the balcony door was broken, so we went back to the reception and asked for a new room. We were promptly given the room next door, which was much better. We had been thinking of getting an oceanview room, but we didn't think it was worth it because we already spent so much time on the beach and the view of the pool and garden was very nice. The bathroom is small, making you feel claustrophobic when sitting on the toilet because the wall is inches from your face. The door to the bathroom, oddly enough, has a window, making it feel somewhat awkward even if you are sharing the hotel room with family. The air conditioning, though functioning in this room, leaked a bit in the bathroom. The room itself is livable, but the pillows are so lumpy, like a heap of socks rolled in a case, so bring your own. Beach: we have absolutely no complaints about the beach. It was spectacular! There was a bar nearby to hydrate you and plentiful palapas that offered a good amount of shade. The water was nice and warm, mostly clear, and the sand was fine and white. The weather was beautiful, so we spent most of the day on the beach. There is a small shopping area nearby where you can buy souvenirs. The beach is long enough to walk to your heart's content, but watch out for the annoying people selling time-shares. Pool: we didn't spend any time at the pool, but it was relatively big and had many chairs by it.  Food: we didn't go to any 脿 la carte restaurants and chose instead to go to the buffet restaurant. While the food got a bit same-ish after a few days, it was pretty good with something for everyone. Sometimes it was over or undercooked, and not all dishes looked appealing. We were lucky to not get sick, maybe because we avoided the salad bar. On out last night there was a Dominican holiday, and a big gala dinner was held outdoors by the pool area. It was very decorative and exciting, with a big cauldron-like pot bubbling over a fire to a roasted pig! There was some music accompanying, and the whole evening was full of entertainment. The food selection was excellent this time. Service: tipping is a tricky practice in hotels, and this was no exception. We left a dollar for the maid every day so that she would make our rooms nicely and we still had to remind the reception that we need 3 towels to be sent to the room and not 2. We occasionally tipped the waiters, but not many of them deserved it. We were treated reasonably well in the restaurants, but the lobby bar was a whole different story. There was only one bartender who would ignore you. Sometimes, though, you would just have to endure a line for drinks. Overall, most of the staff and fellow guests were friendly enough  *** Up until the end of our stay, we would have given the hotel 4 stars because it was a good value and had lovely beach. However, on Friday, large groups of Dominican families came to the resort. This influx of locals, we were told, was because of a Dominican holiday and they were given much cheaper rates than regular guests. Somewhere around 50-80 people came, and the resort turned into a madhouse. You couldn't get any peace and quiet. They choked off the service at bars and restaurants by overpowering other guests. They were unhygienic, with women and children ignoring the tongs at the buffet and taking food with their hands, licking their fingers blatantly. The children were throwing up, screaming, and running around unsupervised. We do take into consideration cultural differences, but this was something else! Luckily, we left soon after they came. Overall, we give the resort 3.5 stars, though it does have good potential to be 4.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	4	3	3	

<Author>FredAndree
<Content>LTI Beach Resort - Punta Cana - watch out Watch OUT for the spiders in the room when my wife had one crawl into her ear, the hotel had us pay their doctor at their clinic to remove it and deal with him for follow up. At our expense. Management was not the least bit careing or wanted to do anything as to compensate us. just said it was nothing they could do. My wife also fell and severly spained her hand while at the hotel and when asked for help getting to the local hospital clinic, they told us to call a cab at our expense. The food also made my wife and our two guest and myself very sick along with many other people who we talked with that were staying there- so watch out for the food.Bottom Line I personally would never stay there again.There are better places to stay in Punta Cana area.Fred R. AndreeFredAndree@hotmail.com  
<Date>Jun 21, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	4	2	2	3	3	

<Author>NicolePA
<Content>Best time ever!!! My friend and I went there June 2007 and found everything to be perfect. We are in are mid twenties from the US. The facilities were beautiful, the staff was unbelievably freindly and helpful, the beach was prestine and there was a different show every night followed by dancing at the mini disco in the resort. There weren't even any bugs anywhere (not even on the lights outside the room at night) I'm guessing the place is covered in deet but i never saw anyone spraying it. There was entertainment on the beach as well; horseshoes, volleyball, soccer, darts, dancing, etc. The food was better at the main restaurnt then at the beach side one. The resort looks exactly like the pictures on their website. We had no problems and wanted to cry the day we had to leave. The room had the air on when we got there and fresh sheets and towels were there everyday. As for other things we did parasailing, scuba diving and the local club Mangu. That was an $8 cab ride away and was filled with locals and some people from other resorts but the beers were $5 but it was still a great time. The scuba staff was wonderful but the reef life left something to be desired- try a different part of the island for diving. All in all A+++++++++++++++++!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Jun 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JMOTLO
<Content>Disappointed - Get what you pay for!       Beach from scuba boat  
<Date>Jun 15, 2007
<Rating>1	2	2	3	3	1	1	3	

<Author>amyjayne19
<Content>Amazing beach! Me and my boyfriend stayed at LTI for 2 weeks, and had a brilliant time! The hotel was lovely! everywhere was always clean and tidy it wasnt to busy and the pool was gorgeous, the beach was truly amazing! We went on plenty of excusions the speed boat and quads were my fav and well worth what you pay! The staff were friendly but didnt speak much English, i didnt like the food and was ill for 3 days with a bad tummy and so were other couples there, but dont let that put you off my boyfriend tried all sorts and he was fine. The pillows are awful! very lumpy! room was ok the toilet fell off, and we had a leak in our room, but it didnt really bother us as the rest of the holiday was brilliant! The nightlife was ok the shows were quite good, very funny! Weather was lovely most of the time, but there wasnt much to do when the weather was bad.We had a look round other hotels and all of them were gorgeous! you wont be disappointed.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2007
<Rating>5	4	2	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>TNTfab40
<Content>You get what you pay for... I too read all the mixed reviews and went on this trip with an open mind and positive attitude. This was an annual girls trip, we have both been to AI's in Mexico, first time to PC. This is rather long, but I researched extensively using this site and like to share info b/c of the help it was to me before I left.Since there is always something positive to find, especially on a long anticipated vacation, I will say that the resort is very clean, the grounds are pretty, the beach is beautiful, and the pina colodas are delicious. The rooms are like everyone has said, basic but fine for the few hours you sleep in them. We never had a problem w/ the room being cleaned, fresh towels, nice little touches like flowers left on the table (yes we tipped and left little gifts for the maid). The half hour catamarn ride is really nice. We also took the kayaks out and had fun with those.Unfortunately for us several negatives outweighed the positives. We REALLY tried to like the food. It became a running joke, TODAY we'll find something awesome to eat!! Trust me we tried everything. It may be a western palate thing, b/c the German tourists seemed to love the food. Things were over/under cooked, dry, watery, and just plain bland. I am perfectly happy seasoning my own food but there was just salt, pepper, and hotsauce. Some ketchup/mustard at the grill. Not a drop of BBQ, salsa, sour cream, something....please. And I can see how this could be the thing to do in order to not waste food, but the meats were not dressed like we're used too. Pork w/ pig skin still stuck to it, beef w/ bones/marrow/tendons the whole shebang. Anatomy lessons while you eat! We would laugh and name the dishes...deep fried cream filled mystery ball, beaks and tallons stew, marrow mush. I read about the lack of cream for coffee and we quickly learned to ask for leche, lots of leche. The coffee is STRONG and bitter. Probably fine if you like espresso. The bread, pasta bar, and stirfry were the most edible. And the fresh fruits and juices were great, but you can only eat so much fruit and bread. The ala cartes were better, pizza and salad in the Italian place was ok. I paid for a shrimp dinner the last night just to have some protein and that was pretty good. Soup, salad, 12 shrimp, veggies, and dessert for about $10.Apparently it was a Dominican holiday while we were there. The second day 5 busloads of Dominican families arrived. In itself that would be fine, the more the merrier, meet new people, experience new cultures, but read on for more about that. Since this is a small resort there was NO WHERE to go for quiet adult time. It looked like Disneyland, strollers everywhere, pool filled with blow up toys, kids running, screaming, throwing sand, falling asleep on the lobby couch and having an accident (I witnessed this). I have kids, I work with kids, I take a vacation with my kids, I don't let them throw sand and put them in a position where they could have an accident on a public couch. And b/c of the volume of people quality of service just plummeted. No silverware, cups, towels, crowds at the bar where it felt like the stock trading pit trying to get the bartenders attention b/c no one knew how to line up. If you could yell your order in Spanish and push your way to the front you got your drink.Which leads me to the last and most upsetting (for us) negative that pretty much sealed our feelings/rating about the LTI. We tip. Well. We started right out of the box tipping the bartender for our first round of drinks. At this point it was still quiet, so not a lot of tourists to remember. The very next round we were ignored, then rushed thru (pointing at you and snapping). This progressed over the days to pointing at us and saying hurry up lady. Despite tipping before and after service. So after 3 days we just stopped tipping. Of course on the last day, as we're wheeling our luggage thru the lobby, everyone wants to know why we're leaving, when we're coming back, that now we're Dominican family, yeah, right. Thru out we thought there was some kind of negative vibe from the staff and other guests. At first we chalked it up to language barriers/culture. We were smiling, saying hello in Spanish/German, making eye contact, tyring to be nice and generally got a blank stare in return. Occasional hola from some staff. (except for Theresa at the horseback riding hut, she was very nice) One night we sat in the lobby bar just talking and laughing and when we got up to leave the table next to us basically made fun of us like a bunch of middle school kids (imitated us laughing and talking). We had a couple drinks, not loud and drunk by any means. At least three times we heard Americano with some snide eye roll, comment after we walked by with our attempt at saying hi (this from German tourists). Half way thru a woman approached me at the disco and said she just wanted to say hi b/c she could tell I was another American and that no one else would talk to her. The last day we watched a group of 5 girls have a tiff w/ some staff by the pool. They were told they had to move so the pool could be cleaned. There were acres of empty chairs to the right and left, but these 5 chairs had to be moved. You could tell these girls had had it and refused to move. We went up to them and sure enough, American women on a girls trip. They said there were treated rudely thruout. Coin purse stolen w/ room key, charged $10 for new key, told they couldn't get towels until 2pm when they were available at 8:30am, staff actually mocking them behind their backs. (one spoke Spanish and knew what they were doing). And an hour after being told to move, nobody even attempting to clean the pool. The last day I was so ready to leave. Checked out and was told the charge was $32 for 5 days safe rental, one local phone call, and the shrimp dinner. I paid in US, went to breakfast, then really looked at the bill. Computer print out on the bottom had all the conversions. The bill was $21.49 US. That did it for me. I went back and pitched a fit, the guy at the checkout first said that he said $22, denied I paid him $32, said there were only 2 10's in the drawer, then magically just threw me a $10 when I started asking for a manager. When I spoke with the manager at the desk, he suddenly had very limited English. And couldn't get a hold of the English speaking German manager. Since we were leaving in 15 mins I just let it go. At that point I couldn't wait to leave. We ran into a handful of American couples that did not have as much hassle. Leads me to wonder that women traveling alone are targeted or something. Obviously this is not a place we would return to. I would give PC/Dominican another chance b/c it is so pretty, the tour we went on was wonderful (Mt. View safari), and other American tourists at the airport had glowing reports about different resorts.We booked this vacation with a budget in mind and it was very cheap. As in you get what you pay for cheap. Next time I'll spend the extra buck and go somewhere where I can eat and at least feel welcomed. In closing our mottos for the LTI.LTI, where the food Lacks Taste Incredibly and where we Like To Intimidate Americans.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	5	4	1	2	-1	

<Author>mondaysme
<Content>Beautiful Grounds - Rooms OK - Food Average With this resort, you get what you pay for. We got a great deal out of Atlanta. If you get a good deal, by all means - go and enjoy yourself! The resort grounds are beautiful and very tropical! Some of the best we saw. We walked around and looked at neighboring resorts and found our resort's grounds to be nicer even though some resorts were much more expensive. The rooms are not nearly as nice as you would expect based on the grounds, but they are OK. We had 2 double beds and could not upgrade to a king. When we first arrived the deadbolt wouldn't work and the sliding glass door wouldn't lock or slide. We reported it to the bellboy - don't waste your breath! He'll take your tip and say I'll send someone up and you'll never see him again. So then we called the front desk. Said that they would send someone right up. We waited and hour and then went down to the front desk. Finally, they sent someone up and both were fixed within 2 hours of arriving but obviously you have to stay after them. Then they came back in the morning to fix the locks - I guess they don't communicate with each other very well since they didn't know it was fixed the day before. So if something is broken, don't give up, just keep bothering them until they fix it. These were the only major issues with our stay. As for Punta Cana, the beaches are fantastic! But there isn't really a town nearby so most people never leave the resorts. If you do go into town, hire a guide. There are no street signs, you will be very obvious as a tourist, and they drive like the drivers in Rio or some other big city with very limited trafic control . This is a developing nation. Therefore, it is very, very poor. If you're there on vacation - then you have far more money than most of these people will ever have - so be generous - tip them! Yes, it's an all inclusive resort but a couple of dollars will go very far with them. We tip the bartender a total of about $12 over 5 days and he got my husband a 6 pack Brahama Beer in bottles! I travel for a living and had tons of hotel shampoos, lotions, and soaps. I left some each day for the maid along with a dollar or two and we always had Cokes and water in the mini fridge. When we went into town, I took a bag of these items and gave them to the shoe shine boys for their families. Everyone was very pleased and this cost me nothing but made them happy. These items are expensive and lotion is a considered luxury - so most families can't afford it. The food is fine..not great.. not bad. The seafood restaurant is good but only the pay entrees like lobster (reasonable in price and very good). The buffets are fine and offer a good variety. The egg guy was very nice. The pizza was not very good. Breakfast was excellent. Lunch and dinner OK. Everyone should be able to find something to eat.I enjoyed the trip, but I prefer to visit places where I can experience the culture and not feel isolated and removed from the people. I consider Punta Cana to be like Cancun - too designed and created only for tourism. It is nicer and much prettier than Cancun but still designed mostly for Europeans and Americans. Go enjoy your vacation but don't expect first class while paying for coach!  
<Date>May 30, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>drake1ad
<Content>Too Good to be True!       Beautiful Beach  
<Date>May 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>AUVOIRCHAUD
<Content>What You Read Aint What You Get The Property was very beautiful, The service staff catered to our needs. Before my arrival, actually three months prior, I Researched the hotel , Its Rooms And ammenities. I choose the superior (OCEAN VIEW ROOM) The listing boasts an ocean view , fruit basket, Bottle of rum, and souvenir( with seven day stay or more). USAIRWAYS VACATIONS.COM, with whom I booked my stay list and iron and ironing board and dataport in the room as well. Upon Arriving to our room, We discovered NONE OF THESE AMMENITIES. We Addressed this matter with the staff at the front desk and we were told that these items were not available and infact the front desk told us that in the matter of the iron that if they told the truth than we would not use their laundry service. and that we needed to take the matter up with our booking agent. We returned later and spoke with the customer service representative. She informed us that that was not the way they did business and the issue would be rectified. although still no iron, we arrived to our room after an all day excursion and found a fruit basket and bottle of rum. Other than that incident, our stay was very enjoyable, the food was good and the beach beautiful the strange thing was the bathroom which had a window paned door (NO PRIVACY) any other persons in the room could see right through to the toilet. There also were no face cloths, SO MAKE SURE YOU BRING AN IRON AND A WASHCLOTH. Everyone was very friendly, but that initial experience could be the difference of us returning of not. Call the hotel for amenities and any travel vouchers for transportation to and/or from the hotel.  
<Date>May 27, 2007
<Rating>2	5	4	5	5	2	5	5	

<Author>Shelley07
<Content>Did not want to leave!! Beautiful and Clean Resort       Map of Resort  
<Date>May 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Car1bbean
<Content>Wonderful Time We just returned from a great week vacation at the LTI. We stayed from May 10-May 15. I traveled w/ my husband and son (12yrs) This was our 3rd time in the Dominican Republic. The resort was okay. This was our fist time not going as a charter vacation. We had to take a taxi from Punta Cana airport. We didn't have time to ask for a price they took our luggage and threw it in a van. Once we got in the van backing out of the parking spot they told us 40.US. Once we arrived to the resort, check in was very quick w/ no problems. We requested building 5 closest to the beach. We stayed in room 5028. The rooms are clean. The only thing we could not understand in the room was the bathroom door. The door had windows. So we hung a towel for privacy. The pools are very clean and big. There is a kid pool and adult pool. We didn't do much pool swimming. We love the beach..The beach was beautiful and plenty of chairs. My son played beach volleyball w/ the staff and other guest. The only complaint I had on the beach was there was NO music playing. I asked the staff to play some music. They would play for couple hours. Once the staff left the beach area the music would be turned off. So, the beach was very quiet. We went shopping at the beach flea market. It's only about 10min walk from resort. We booked 4 wheeler tour from the resort. Over by the pool is a little hut w/ 2 men selling 4 wheeler tours. What they tell you is not what you get. They told us there would be people from other resorts. It was only myself w/ my husband and son. They also said snacks and drinks (nothing was served other then water). They told us we would be riding on the beach and horseback riding was on the beach. We did not ride on the beach and horseback riding was a joke.We drove on dirt roads for 3 hrs and my son ran out of gas twice. We had a feeling something was weird from the start when I paid for the tour. They would not take credit card and only wanted cash and reminded us to tip at least 20us. We have taken many tours and have never been disappointed like this. SO, please becareful when booking anything at the resort. The food was okay. You could always find something to eat. My family is always willing to try different foods. We love the fresh fruit. We ate at the main buffet for breakfast and dinner. Lunch we would eat at the beach BBQ. The chicken was great the hotdogs are not very good. We made a reservation at the Pasta and Pizza a la carte. It was okay but prefer the buffet. Over all the food was okay. No one in my family got sick from the food. The key is to drink plenty of water. This was my first trip that we did not get sick. We will be returning to the Dominican next year we like to try different resorts. We would go back to the LTI.....  
<Date>May 21, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	3	3	4	3	2	

<Author>twfric
<Content>Would definitely recommend Stayed at the LTI from May 9-14, 2007. At last minute upgraded from gardenview to seaview. Good choice, could see the ocean, the grounds and the pool area. Room was very clean and kept clean, I wll agree with everyone else, the pillows need upgrading, bring your own or have the maid bring multiple ones for a choice.The beach is one of the nicest on bavaro beach, nice and flat and you can walk out in the water for quite a ways, all flat! Nice and wide and plenty of charis and tikki huts to get under.Staff was very friendly. Always there if you needed anything. Tipping goes a long ways for the people that work there, they greatly appreciate it. They work long hours. $1.00 here or there and they remember you everytime.The food was actually better than alot of other resorts we have stayed in. Always a sufficient choice on the buffets. did not make it to the reservations restaurants, did not need to.I really cannot say anthing bad about this resort, except the pillows, but like I said, track down a maid and get a few to choose from.Would go back there again in a heart beat, have been to alot of all inclusives all over and would recommend it.  
<Date>May 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Dartmouth7
<Content>Great Vacation My husband and I spent last week at the LTI, and can't say enough good about it. The resort was beautiful - the vegetation very mature and exceptionally maintained.The beach is second to none, and this resort is located on a very good section of the beach. The pool was spotless(as was the rest of the resort), and very large.The staff at this resort are among the happiest, friendliest and hard working employees that we have seen. They certainly add to the enjoyment of your vacation. I had heard mixed reviews about the Dominicans, but if this resort is any indication, they are wonderful people and made you feel welcome.The food was quite good- yes it's different than America, but isn't that why you travel? To encounter other cultures? If you want fast food for supper, stay in the US. One thing we really enjoyed was lots of fresh and very tasty lettuce and tomatoes- something we have yet to encounter in Cuba. I have to say I was a little disappointed in the a la cartes. There really is only one, where you sit at a table and are waited on. The Italian restaurant, while very good, was mostly a buffet at supper time too. The other a la carte- the Seafood Restaurant was very good.The Bucanaaro at the beach had the tastiest grilled chicken I've had in a long time. We went there for lunch almost every day. My only complaint was that the wine was watered down. Sometimes it was better than others.One thing we really liked was that you could book your a la cartes in the morning each day, so if there was room , you could eat at one every night if you wanted to.Having said this, the buffet was probably one of the best we've had- lots of choice, and many dishes unique to the Dominican, if you wanted to try something different. The strengths are in the chicken and pork- any beef I sampled was quite tough and chewy.There were plenty of loungers at the beach and the pool- it was never a problem getting one regardless of the time you got there.It was very hot the week we were there, and there are always lots of tiki huts to provide shade.The rooms were quite adequate,basic but clean.All in all, we had a very enjoyable vacation, great value for the money and would return in a heartbeat.  
<Date>May 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	4	5	3	5	5	

<Author>soupy007
<Content>False Advertising at its Best!! Well, my wife and I just arrived home from, the LTI in Punta Cana. This was supposed to be our memorable honeymoon, I tell you what it was , but for all the wrong reasons. Don't get me wrong as long as you are not on the resort you will have a great time. Ok, the pros: The beach is nice,pool is ok, there are tons of kids in it all day(unsupervised) so if you like swimming in a toilet it's fantastic! I have to say that the wait staff is fantastic, if you want great service just smile, give a decent tip, and talk about the Redsox, they love the sox. Ok now the Cons:1-The food is the worst I have ever had, I travel often, and I am a cook myself, and I wouldn't feed it to my dog.2-Pillows and the beds are a joke. The Bed is older than dirt, and they have bed bugs, no lie, the rooms are plain and the a/c left about 3 inches of water on the floor in a 4 foot area.3-All the pics that you see of the resort except for a few are of the cayena club, there vip section of the resort,(which you will only see when they try to sell you a time share).4- There are tons of kids in the resort,and like already mentioned , no one is watching them,and there is also no tops required at this resort , so you have kids and nude women of all ages all over the place.5-The maid service is something to be desired, they don't clean the room until 5 oclock, and even then they don't even change the linens fo a couple of days.I have way to much more to write but you get the point. I wouldn't recommend my worst enemy to this resort, it is definitly not a 4 star, it is more of a 1 and a half, maybe a small 2. If you stay here you will be greatly dissappointed.Thank you N.H U.S.A  
<Date>May 13, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	2	2	1	3	1	

<Author>Sundra
<Content>Amazing Just got back from an amazing week at LTI. We've never been to Dominican so didn't know what to expect and after reading some reviews we were a bit worried. The flight with Skyservice was tight but uneventful. We quickly got through customs at the Punta Cana airport and the shuttle to LTI was waiting. Everone on the bus was going to LTI so is was a straight run - seems like a 20 minute ride. Got to the resort and entered the beautiful foyer, checked in, were greeted with a drink by a waitress and headed off to our room. The room was very clean and nice. We changed and headed to the pool and were pleased with the lush green gardens. Two pools, lots of lawn chairs and tiki huts to sit under. Shade was needed by late morning/noon and we managed to find it everyday. We headed to the beach which is only a stones throw from the pool and found paradise. Beautiful white flour soft sand and tall green palm trees swaying in the warm tropical breeze. Very clean shoreline and water that was beautiful and tourquoise.. Again lots of lawn chairs. Tiki huts everywhere and we always seemed to find one. The restaurants were awesome. Excellent food and variety. It seemed the food and drinks never stopped. The main buffet always had fresh omelets for breakfast and everything else imaginable. Lunch may as well have been dinner there was so much food and dinner was wonderful. If by chance you get bored of the buffet, there is a wonderful smaller buffet right by the beach that serves breakfast lunch and dinner. They always seem to have the grill going barbequing burgers/dogs/sausages/chicken and for dinner they add roast beef, steak, pork, fish and have pasta and salads at the buffet. The Italian restaurant was very nice and had awesome lasagna and good pizza and wonderful lemon lime icecream that puts a refreshing end to your meal. There is a seafood restaurant we didn't get to. We were allowed to go to the alacarte restaurants everynight if we wanted - you just reserve in the morning.There was lots of fun to be had with the fun games that the staff put on and we enjoyed the banana boat, catarmaran and kayaks. Excursions were offered however our Sunquest Rep was never around so we couldn't book with him, however, the resort offers the same excursions.The weather was great, nice and warm and a beautiful breeze. It did rain most days in the afternoon but this was a nice relief from the blazing sun.Finally the wonderful Dominican people who work at the resort. They couldn't have been more friendly, happy and energetic. They are there to please you and are very pleasant and kind. Service was excellent! My husband and I took our two teens and none of us wanted to come home. We'd go back to LTI and Punta Cana tomorrow if we could. We highly recommend LTI.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>carribeantravler
<Content>Fantastic time, beautiful weather, gourgeous beach! Just got back form the LTI on Fri. Apr. 20th 2007We had a wonderful time, all the people that wrote negative reports, must have gone somewhere else. Not the LTI. The check in was very quick, no problems. We were with another couple, and had asked to stay in the same building. Bdlg. #5. Unfortunately there was only 1 rm. avail in Bdlg 5. We had Bldg 2, it was very nice, great pillows brand new. The next day we checked to see if anything had opened in Bdlg. 5. The check in captain, had tried all afternoon yesterday to notify us that therwas a upgrade rm. avail. we were at the beach and could not be reached. He showed us the avail rm. and for a adlt. $150.00 upgraded to a superior rm. beach front. A bigger rm. with a seating area, pull out sofa, table  2 chairs. A beautiful balcony. Great sunrise's  sunset's.This rm. was definately worth it. We tipped the maid $2.00 a day . Food was very good, pasta station, stir fry station just put what you want in a bowl  they mix it  cook it for you. Breakfast station,eggs,  omelets anyway you want them. Plenty of fresh fruits, vegs.  good choice for salads. All four of us never had a problem with the food. It was very good. The Bucaneer Bar outside of Bdlg. 5 is a grill always, hamburg  hot dogs  french fries. Evening meal at the Bucaneer Grill is very good you have a choice of steak, roast beef, chicken, smoked pork chops  ribs, very good. You have alot to choose from.About 1 pm everyday they BBQ 1/2 chickens, the best. Drinks are plentiful, Presidente beer was good and cold. Our husbands found it very good, especially in 90 degree heat. We all suggest that you bring thermal mugs, they work very well  keep your drinks cold much longer. Plenty to do at the resort, nice pool, kept very clean.Grounds are also kept very clean  the beach is kept very clean, and free from seaweed. The beach is truly beautiful.We used the catamarans about 3 times during the week, also the ocean kayaks, and the banana boat rides. Lots to do, you can snorkle, etc... We never got to the evening entertainment, we were out on the balcony enjoying the sounds of the waves rolling in, and enjoying our friends company. After being on the beach all day in the sun, you are lucky if you can stay up till 9:30PM. We did take 1 tour the TROPICAL STORM, a all day trip on a catamaran, great time,snorkled, swam beside the sharks  rays, lg. water slide, lunch at the natural pool, truly a beautiful place.As we sailed you could see all the beautiful resorts. LTI is a small resort about 500 rms. It was perfect size for us, we will return. Check out took about 3 mins. The help was very gracious, and could not be more accommodating.. The timeshare people, did not bother us a polite No and they left you alone.Hope this helps you to decide to go, without Worry.Here are a few pics.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TLoralie
<Content>Fabulous Time Just got back from staying at the LTI in Punta Cana (Apr 12-19) and we had a fabulous time! This was our first all-inclusive and we booked it last minute (Mon and left on Thurs) and we didn't really know what to expect after reading all the reviews.This place was great - again we have nothing to compare it to but we loved it. Couldn't have had a better time.Staff - very friendly and courteous - remember to say Hola (hi) and Gracias (thank-you) - and learn some spanish - they love it when you try.Grounds - just beautiful and well kept up - they were always picking up.Rooms - probably average (3 1/2). The first 3 nights we were in building 1 and on the bottom floor (with 2 singles put together)but switched to a top floor (with king-size bed- preferred ) the last 4 nights so we could have the balcony door open at night to let air in as the first room seemed a bit musty. The top floor has a vaulted ceiling and seems more spacious. Food - we found it to be very good. Especially the omelets they make fresh for you; the pasta as well and the chicken on the grill by the pool - I think we ate that every day. Smoothies are especially good in the lobby.Pool and Beach and Ocean were fantastic. There were lots of huts you could stay under and lots of chairs. After looking down the beach at the other resort we thought ours was the one of the nicest layed out and very inviting and the pool and food and drinks are close to the ocean. We generally got up between 6-7 am each day to reserve our hut on the beach.Entertainment - didn't really go to much of the shows but when I did they were average.Things to bring ...Lots of Am Money - especially $1 bills to tip. They don't take Cdn and you don't need to convert to their money.Your own pillows if possible - which we did due to reviews - as they are lumpy.Face cloth - as they don't provide any.Lots of suntan lotion - we thought we brought lots but ran out of 30 after the first day and 1/2 (as we bought the spray kind) and had to buy more there and it's like $25 Am. The sun is very hot and we went through 2 bottles of 30 and 2 bottles of 15.Again we had a fabulous time - can't imagine someone not having a good time here. Can't wait to book our next all-inclusive vacation!  
<Date>Apr 24, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MarkandTab
<Content>Has something for everyone: Retirees, Young Couples, and Families.       Staff collecting coconuts from Resort grounds  
<Date>Apr 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>sferge
<Content>Awesome Place My best friend and I just got back to Chicago, IL last night from a 6 day stay in Punta Cana at the LTI. We booked through cheap caribbean.com (great place to book travel and excellent prices). I have traveled many places outside the US and after we booked our trip my g-friend starting reading horrible things about the hotel; none of which are true. The staff was very friendly (a please and a thank you go along way), the rooms are very clean never had a problem with the towels or the pillows probably due to the fact that we tipped the maid everyday - well worth the money each day.(that is if you tip your maid $4.00 (US) a day). Be sure to bring your own travel mug as the glasses are very small and dont keep your drinks cold. The grounds were nicely kept (some spots could of used a coat of paint such as the patio railing, however keep in mind that Punta Cana is in the hurricane zone - and many other resorts look the same) the pool was very clean. The food was good (the italian and the poolside grill were the best). International was okay, its a buffet people it is what it is. Bring bug spray, sunscreen, travel mugs, a travel iron as they do not provide them. Have fun and enjoy LTI as I would return to this resort.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Sol_survivor
<Content>LTI - Great value for the right price Just returned from a week at LTI 鈥?Punta Cana, March 11 鈥?18, 2007 and had a very enjoyable time. As most of the postings are correct, we will add or confirm a few of our own experiences: Arrival: Getting through the airport on arrival was fairly simple and quick. The resort is about 30 minutes from the airport, but with all of the stops to drop off guests at other resorts, the trip is well over an hour. Resort: A bit 鈥渢ired鈥?looking but clean. The grounds were nice with lots of flowering bushes and palm trees. Expect about 70% or more of the guest to be German. Mainly adults, few kids, mainly around the pool during the day.Tennis courts: If you are looking to play lots of tennis on your vacation, you鈥檒l be disappointed. There are just 2 concrete courts covered with course sand. Guess it is a Caribbean version of 鈥渃lay courts鈥? There are 2 resort organized tournaments, a singles tournament on Thursday and a doubles on Saturday. Four people turned up for the singles鈥?tournament. We passed on the doubles. Racquets and balls are available, free of charge. Room: We arrived at the resort at approximately 11:30 AM and our room was not available until about 1:00 PM. We had lunch and returned to the check-in counter and were advised that the room was still not available but would be by 7:30 PM. However; because of the inconvenience, we were upgraded from a garden view room to an ocean view room and the charge for the room safe (US$2 per day/US$14 per week) was being waived. This was offered without us asking and we were provided a courtesy suit to use to shower and change until the room was available at 7:30 PM.There is no iron in the room so walk with your own travel iron. There are 2 closets to hang your clothes.Bathroom: Hand wash gel was provided at the sink with body-wash/shampoo gel in the bath via dispensers. Bathroom supplies commonly provided such as wash cloths, Q-tips, sewing kits, combs, etc were not provided. Towels, although changed everyday, were grey and dingy. Security: We did not experience anything missing from our room.Beach: Great beach with lots of European sunbathing practiced. Resort was not at 100% capacity so there were no problems getting lounges regardless of when you hit the beach. Sea weed is raked up early every morning. The only problem we encountered was that it was very windy which blew sand into our eyes. Ocean was a bit choppy but was not a deterrent for swimmers. Lots of banana boat ($)  parasailing available ($).Restaurants: There are 4 restaurants in the resort. The main buffet, Italian, Seafood and Grill. Dinner reservations are required for the Seafood and Italian restaurants with 1 dinner reservation per restaurant per week allowed. The main buffet restaurant offered the 4 basics every night, i.e. pork, fish, beef  chicken. Generally, the meals were good but not great. We are picky eaters so you be the judge. There are 2 鈥渓obster nights鈥?at the grill, Monday and Friday nights. The price is US$17 per lb for the lobster which you pick after which it is weighed and grilled.The Grill uses real charcoal to cook burgers  hotdogs during the day and steaks, lobster, fish  chicken at night. I think it makes a big difference as the burgers  steaks were very good.Bars: There are bars in each restaurant plus one between the poll and the beach and one in the lobby. Had to leave the resort to get a cold beer as they were cool at best. No premium drinks, not even Brugal rum available. Just your basic 鈥渞ot-gut鈥?available. Smoking: Expect lots of cigar  cigarette smokers at the beach, pool, restaurants, theatre, etc. Expect a haze of smoke in the lobby on evenings. There was one buffet dining room that was smoke-free. Shopping: There is a free shuttle every 2 hours between 10:00 AM to 6:00 PM from the resort to the Real Palm shopping plaza. Forget about it! The shuttle takes close to an hour to get to the plaza which is only half occupied. The prices are ridiculous and there are only about 6 鈥?8 shops open, including a Tony Roma鈥檚 Restaurant. There are 2 flea markets within walking distance along the beach. As you step off the resort onto the beach, turn left and within 10 minutes there are a bunch of stalls right on the beach. Or you can turn right and walk for about 20 minutes until you reach the Captain Cook鈥檚 Seafood Restaurant. About 50 meters off the beach there is a strip on the road with various stores and a fair size supermarket. There are also flea market type shops around. You have to (and they expect you to) haggle with them. Go late in the afternoon at about 4:00 for the best prices. A 750ml Bermudez 12 year old rum went from US$45 to US$22 or US$40 for 2 bottles. Picked up 2 鈥?750ml bottles, Bacardi 151 and Brugal Anejo, for US$20. Also, a box of 25 Cohiba cigars (Cuban made) for US$35. For example, they wanted US$35 for the Bacardi 151 rum and we offered US$15. We agreed on US$20 for the Bacardi  Brugal. Activities: We did the ATV and horse-back riding tours. Reasonable priced but a very long ride to get to the ATVs or horse stable. An hour and a half trip each way is such a waste of time. Pool: There was a very large pool with lots of lounges usually available. We are not 鈥減ool people鈥?so we did not hang out around there.Gym: There is a well equipped gym next to the 鈥楳etamorphosis Spa鈥? Usually not busy on evenings. Should be a/conditioned as it is hot even when the windows are open. Spa: Great spa services available. Prices are equivalent to North American but the services are top-notch.Bugs: No mosquitoes when we were there. Did not hear anyone complain about bugs or mosquitoes, however, we don鈥檛 speak German so they could very well have been. Duty-free: There are only 2 good duty-free shops at the airport. Brugal Anejo rum at the airport ($20) is more expensive than at the resort! But the best place to shop is at the flee market on the beach.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	3	3	

<Author>flakeandbake
<Content>Great relaxing clean resort My sister in law and I just returned from a week at the LTI, march 29 to april 5, 2007.We flew Air Transit direct from St. John's, NF to Punta Cana. Not much leg room on these flights but you make do. Dinner consisted of a turkey sandwich which was a little dry and they charge for snacks. I suggest you bring along a few snacks in your carry on. Same for the return trip.We arrived late evening with no delays at the airport. Luggage arrived quickly, no major line ups and smooth directions to your bus. There are people who will take your luggage if you wish, if not a polite no thank you worked. The bus is air conditioned and quite comfey and the drive is under 1 hour as we had two other hotels to stop at first.There was no waiting at the hotel for check in as there were only a few of us and the luggage was delivered to our room within 20 minutes. We were on the 2nd floor, building 5, which is the one next to the beach and close to the pool and bar/grill.the rooms safe is $2 us per day and you pick this up at the front desk along with the TV remote if you want one. You pick up your beach towels by the pool and you can exchange them every day.No complaints with the food as we always found something good to eat. There are 3 buffet resturants you can choose from and 1 ala carte. We did not try the ala carte as we did not want any fixed time for meals. The Grill is great both for lunch and dinner. Lunch time the food is cooked and you ask for want you want and in the evening you order and its cooked for you then. Always lots of veggies, fruits, breads and cheese. The BBQ chicken is excellent and the fries are great.Drinks were great and the beer was always cold. Each bar makes the drinks a little different. the lobby bar makes the best Miami Vice ( little rum). We used our thermal mugs for the beach and pool, this kept the drinks cold and sand free. We are tea drinkers and they only have the very small cups, so we used the thermal mugs for our tea in the am. Lots of different tea blends, but it won't hurt to bring your favorite.Beach was awesome, fine white sand as far as the eye could see and into the ocean so no shells to walk on, it eas great. they have a section roped off and is not too deep. Some waves and some seaweed however the seaweed was cleaned up every morning and if it washed ashore during the day, they came back and raked it up. You can walk for quite a distance both directions and no problems. You can view lots of the other resorts as you stroll along.Vendors were no problem and for the few we seen again a polite no thank was fine. There is a market to the left of the hotel ( facing the ocean) we you can barter and there are a few shops at the hotel, no bartering. One nite a few vendors set up by the show stage and they were not aggressive.There are time share people on the beach in front of the Club section and out side the main buffett. We only seen them during the week.Did not spend much time at the shows as we have been to Cuba and the DR before and they much the same. However we heard good review from some who attended.Staff were friendly and polite. This resort is small which makes it easy to get around and a chance to see the full resort. There was always lots to see at the beach as it is quite busy with water sports and people. From the looks of the kids at the resort they really enjoyed it also.The pool has two sections, shallow and deep divided by a bridge. there is a life guard on the shallow end were most of the kids hang out.Our room was clean on arrival and kept that way and we had no major problem with bugs. There are tiny flies in the evening and they do bite, so bring the bug spray and use it. Few bees and wasps around the pool area but not bothersome. Lots of plants and flowers on this resort so the land scape is beautiful.Lots of loungers and shady huts both at the pool and the beach but you have to be up early to snag a good spot with some shade.There is a disco but we did not go, our plan was to flake and bake so were we up early and turned in early. There are shops at the Punta Cana airport, but they are pricey and they do have duty free and a Wendys and a Baskin Robbins.Of note, Air Transit also offered duty free both ways, but selction is limited.WE both enjoyed this resort and would stay here again.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>dazy5905
<Content>Had a bad experience My boyfriend and I stayed at LTI from March 18th-25th. The minute we got there we had some situations. We stayed in the 4th building which had no air conditioning and the sliding door to our balcony would not open, close or lock properly. Pay attention people this comes into play later. We mentioned this to the staff, they took a look and basically told us not to use the sliding door. We became hypocrites and decided to reserve a cabana, there were noneavailable after 9am. WE GOT ROBBED. In a matter of 15-30 minutes, someone broke into our room (through our broekn sliding door!), did aquick sweep and got some of our money, my ipod and my ipod charger. Luckily we had everything else in the safe. They were very dismissiveof the matter and treated us as though it were our fault for not locking it all up. They don't try very hard to please or accomodate you.Saturday night we found used feminine products in our ice bucket and our neighbor had red ants in her bed. Yes the pillows are awful.THE GOOD:I actually liked the food, and the grounds and beach were of course beautiful. The employees (NOT customer service) were very friendly, the servers were kind and pleasant.However they do not pay as much attention to the upkeep and maintenance of the buildings, hence the sliding glass door and a/c situation.For those people who say things like the people who complain are just looking for something to complain about do not know what they are talking about. yes those people exist, however people can have bad experiences. It's a gamble when you travel. You may have a blast here, you may not. Please email me for more info or if you have questions, I'm happy to helpdazy5905@hotmail.com  
<Date>Mar 29, 2007
<Rating>2	1	1	4	1	2	4	-1	

<Author>Sherry1971
<Content>Must Read Review...lots of need to knows when travelling to DR I will start by reviewing the airline,SkyService...This is the worse airline ever. There is NO room when you are in your seats to move. If you weigh more than 140lbs you should choose another airline...3 hours late getting us there and 3 hours late getting us home. I would not recommend this airline for travelling more than 1 hour.LTI Resort:I really liked this resort. It was very nice, the rooms were clean, the grounds were clean, the pool was clean, the food was good although i did not like the Italian restaurant, the buffet is where i ate everyday. The restaurant has 3 separate eating areas that all attach to the buffet section. This makes it less condense and it doesn't feel like you are in one room with 300 other people.The grill had a small selection daily and you could eat all the hot dogs, french fries and burgers you wanted...great if you need that mid day snack.I loved the size of the resort...I do not like huge resorts where it takes forever to get where u are going. It is also a kid friendly resort...although you really didnt even notice there were kids there. I would definitely take my kids to this resort if i were to travel with them to the DR.The rooms were just fine, no complaints about the pillows the A/C was not working in our first room and eventually got moved. They do not have face clothes so bring your own...not a big deal to me!! I did find the beds FIRM...so for me they were not that comfortable but again not a big deal. REQUEST BUILDING FIVE IF YOU WANT TO BE CLOSE TO EVERYTHING.Building 1 is closest to the tennis courts, gym, spa and dr (dr. on site). building two is close to the lobby, building 3 gets closer to the pool building 4 closer to the pool and beach and building 5 is the dream building!!! Out my door and 20 steps to the beach, 20 steps to the pool and 20 steps to the bar/grill...and not far from the restaurant.Excursions: did the speed boat and snorkeling...loved it great guides and fun driving the speed boats.Horse back riding: DO NOT DO THIS....even if you have ridden a horse it is a terrible experience...no directions given, the horse only listened to the guide, one guy was thrown from the horse and face planted in the sand, another girl cried the whole excursion, my husband and i were no where near each other the whole excursion...Just not fun! my back ached for 2 days and it was not romantic at all.Santo Domingo Day Trip: What a great trip I don't know how anyone could complain about this! Yes it is a long trip, it starts early and ends late but it was worth it! There is a 3 hour bus drive to Santo Domingo, but the guide keeps it interesting educating you on everything from A-Z, there are plenty of stops, I loved visiting the monument to Christopher Columbus...it is amazing i have never seen anything like this every...HAVE a CAMERA!...lunch time you eat a great meal in a great restaurant with dancing and music it was fantastic....the only downfall is the shopping time which is only an hour...but everything is soooooo expensive anyways...you might as well tour the city and shop at your resort!...the Cathedral was amazing and beautiful to see!...I highly recommend this tour for those who go away to get a feel for the culture and not just to lay on the beach the entire vacation!So as I have written the place is beautiful...the beach is gorgeous...I dont agree it is the most beautiful beach in the world as i have been in Negril, Jamaica and that beach was nicer...the water is very murky until you get out so far,....but it was warm and green and great to swim in.Must Knows before you go:1. BUG SPRAY: take it if you dont you will regret it! had over 50 bites on me.2. Do not take the prescription Chloroquine for Malria...it has terrible side effects and my husband and i both had sever allergic reactions to it and had to see a dr which cost us 200USD. The dr. on site said he had 7 cases that week of allergic reactions to this medication...and the it is NOT neccassary to take it...email me and i will explain in greater detail why u dont need it. (sherrywilson@eastlink.ca)3. Have all your neccessaties...pepto bismol, bug spray, sunblock etc...or you will pay out the ying yang to get it there!!! 15USD for Pepto Bismol!4. CAD dollars are not good there! they love the USD i suggest you take that...actually they really dont even wnat their own currency (pesos) they jack the price up even more when you pay with pesos!!!!.... when we were there 32 pesos was 1USD...so do the math.5. Barter barter barter!...everyone is out to take u for a ride when selling you something!...example: i wanted to buy a bracelet started out 1800 pesos....i got the bracelet, 3 necklaces and an anklet for 500 pesos when i was done with them! Do not try to barter in the AM go towards late afternoon and you will get the deals!6. There are the time share guys...lol...trust me avoid it at all costs...to sum it up the price range is from 9,000-12,000 USD for what they are offering...and it takes over 2 hours once they get you sucked in to visit!Everyone seemed very accomodating although sometimes they seem to come off a little harsh....it isnt always what it seems. they are dedicated to doing thier jobs!!...the entertainment was great...if you can do not miss the michael jackson nite...it is fantastic!Please feel free to contact me for futher info...sherrywilson@eastlink.ca  
<Date>Mar 28, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cadenise
<Content>LTI - average LTI oversold their hotel, so they checked us in at their sister hotel, Ocean Blue, next door. We were able to use the facilities at both resorts, after haggling with the front desk. The swimming pool was relatively small and didn't include a swimup bar, which was disappointing. The food selection was very typical of an all-inclusive in the area. Pasta bar, stir fry station, sandwich station. Nothing spectular and certainly, not world class. Resort was over-run with sales agents attempting to lure new timeshare customers and they were incredibly aggressive. Tipping tending to get better service, in general. Didn't feel like we could venture out of the resort and explore the area. According to the hotel, all rooms in the DR are smoking. There is no designation of non-smoking rooms. Resort itself was picturesque. Rooms weren't exceptional, just basic necessities included. No amentities to brag about.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>Luv_to_travel_n_dive
<Content>Don't leave luggage with bellman Bellman delivered one of our bags to the wrong room so we were without it for the first week while they tried to locate it. Don't ask why someone wouldn't report this or return bag the front desk right away...While we thought the bag was lost, management wouldn't admit any fault and was not willing to do much more than write us a letter for our insurance. Other than that, the staff were very friendly. Animation team great at getting people involved in the various activities; beach volleyball, bocce, darts, dancing, etc. Food slightly better than the typical all inclusive; great weather; average scuba diving. There are lots of beach chairs, but the way people reserve them with their towels can be annoying.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2007
<Rating>2	5	3	5	4	3	3	3	

<Author>HoangCheng
<Content>Not good for toddlers Stayed from March 10-17. Suggest guests bring everything : bug spray, lotions, towels, food, etc. Discount if paying with US Cash. Definition of European Resort = small rooms and smoking everywhere. Would not suggest for small children  6 years old. Travelled with 3 small children (4 years old, 3 years old, and 9 month old). Everyone got diarrhea. Many options for food but nothing really edible. Resort is not good for young children. Would not recommend. Couldn't wait to get out of there.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2007
<Rating>1	3	1	3	3	5	1	-1	

<Author>Lovetotravel53
<Content>Great Vacation Just returned from LTI and had a great time. We went for two weeks and we were so relaxed. Remember when you go on vacation to a southern destination that their lifestyle is very laid back, and you need to keep that in mind. Go with a positive outlook and nothing will bother you.This hotel is immaculate, the staff cleans 24/7. The food selection is huge, no matter what there is always something for everyone. It was fresh and served hot at all times. The people that work there were very friendly and helpful. The pool is sparkling and there are loungers everywhere as well as little shade huts. The beach is to die for and again lots of loungers and shade huts. The shows were um ok I guess, we have seen better. We had a very relaxing holiday and would go back again.I don't understand some of these reviews that are negative, my guess is that there are some people that no one can please and are generally miserable no matter what.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Brantford-ite
<Content>Just got back from a lovely trip       Gramma on the lobby patio  
<Date>Mar 17, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>forcite40
<Content>Great Time We read a lot of reviews before we left and really did not know what to expect. We had a Great Time, lots of Food of any type. The staff were very friendly and helpful. Some minor language problems but nothing serious. The way we look at visiting other countries is that we are the visitors and should not expect everything we have in our own Country we are privileged by many standards, it is a beautiful spot with Good people working at the Resort who try there Best and do a prettty Good Job. The resort was spotless, do not be afraid to tip the workers they work long hard hrs. The surrounding areas are nice, the people obviously poor. We will defintely return to the Dominican.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LYM19
<Content>Fantastic!!!!!! Just got back from a week's vacation from the DR. We stayed at the LTI and it was fabulous. The LTI is a smaller resort which to us was a plus. Most resorts are sooooooo large that you have to take a shuttle to the beach! The food was fine. The buffet is good and the Pizzaria is great. You don't always need a reservation. We even got a pizza to go and took it back to our room one night. I don't recommend the other a la carte restaurant. It was the fanciest but the worst. I got an upset stomach pretty bad one day but nothing that a little medicine didn't take care of. The nightly entertainment was pretty good with the exception of one night (Comedy Night) - it was really bad. Pool is clear, the beach is out of this world!!! Lot's of chairs for everyone. I highly recommend taking the snorkle excursion with the tropical fish, shark, and mantarays (they harmless!). I'm 54, never snorkled in my llife and absolutely loved it. It was a fabulous afternoon.One thing we did when we went to the pool or beach was taking our ice bucket from our room. We got the bars to fill it up with ice and kept our drinks cool for longer and had extra ice when we needed it. A great little trick has been mentioned before but worth repeating. Your room card key goes into a slot in your room to turn on the power and air conditioner. When you leave the room you have to take your key so the air turns off. Take a rewards type card (not a credit card) and use it in the key slot to your room to keep the air conditioner on. I know some people that even used cardboard. Housekeeping does not remove them.Anyway, if your thinking about the LTI I would say you made a very good choice indeed!  
<Date>Mar 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>mikey035
<Content>Excelente! alright so we stayed here for a week from feb 24 to march 3, and we thought everything was great!! for anyone who says the food was horrible...has no idea what they are talking about...some say it caters to Europeans...well if that means the food has flavor, then i guess you are all right! the lasagna at the italian a la carte is great, and themain buffet is great too...so yes they have the same food everyday...but when you complain about it, ask yourself when was the last you had bacon eggs (scrambled, boiled, sunny side and and omelette) sausage, pancakes, cereals, fruit for breakfast all at once...who wakes up 6 hours before they have to to make that kind of a breakfast? pace yourself and the variety is endless. The dinner at the main buffet is great, but i must say the seafood a la carte was the only dissapointment, only one main fish dish included in the All Inclusive price. the main buffet was dangerous...you must try the cheese table...oh my gawd the cheese table...the rooms were clean and comfortable with a huge picture window in the bathroom~! the grounds are spotless, the pool is great and the beach is beautiful, and yes wake up at 6AM if you want a good spot on the beach...and word of advice dont show up 10 and then steal someones shade...the animations team was good fun, the club with 80 poeple maximum is as good as you want to make it...never a big crowd (not that they could fit) but if you go with intention of dancing like fool then you will have a great time...drinks..great capuccinos at the lobby bar, great sex on the beach at the beach bar, great gin and tonics at Calypso, and most importantly great beer throughout the resort.overall had a great time and i would definately go back to this place. it was one the cheaper properties we could find, but it really exceeded all of our expectations. the worst part of a one week trip is, by day 6, you become comfortable with your resort..then sadly you need to leave...with the lti you feel at ease and home on day 1 so its a great place overall. Not a bad thing to say!  
<Date>Mar 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>FamilySwart
<Content>Dutch review We stayed here with two children 2 and 4 years old. The hotel is 45 minutes from the airport. Our first impression of the family room was that it is spacious but unfortunately it was opposite to the entertainment stage, not ideal with young kids. We were offered another room at a more silent building and also a superior family room at beach side for 250 US dollar more (normally it costed 50 $ per person per night extra). We took the latter, which made our holiday really fantastic; superb view at the palm beach. The room was a little bit bigger even, but as all rooms couldn't be closed from outside so going out with babymonitor wasn't safe. The rooms are clean, the airconditioning worked well but was a little bit moisty on the floor. We had fantastic beds and didn't have any problems with our pillows. The beach, swimming pool and garden are beautiful and tropical. Though one time a hotelguest had vomited near the swimmingpool suitable for children and it took us 3 employees to have a look at it before it was cleaned.The entertainmentteam was present during the day as well but not in a annoying way. Unlike other people stated we weren't bothered by the boys from Cayena at all, unless you think it is bothering when they ask were you are from and leave it with that question if they notice you are not interested. Somehow they manage to keep the place bugfree, since we saw hardly any insects although there was enough marmelade and honey at the buffets to be interesting. The food was very good and various (I really wonder what people want expect if they say it is not), though we recommend that you eat in themes since otherwise youd do have the feeling that is every day the same with soup, spaghetti, pizza, rice, potatoes, french fries, meat, fish and vegetables. The climate is great, we had only 4 hours of rainshowers and furthermore 25 degrees Celcius at night and 29-30 C during the day.Do: We went on the free catamarantrip with our kids (30 minutes) and it was great.We would certainly go back there.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	2	3	4	

<Author>AnazingCanadian
<Content>Amazing Time had by ALL!!! We (group of 13) visited Lti from Feb 25/07 until Mar 4/07 for a wedding. The consensus by all was an amazing time, even shed a little tear when I left. We were a mixed group, young to old, married, single, newly dating. We all found something to do. I found everyone very friendly and loved hanging out at the bar where the entertainment was held ( I forget the name ) Made many new friends and would reccomend to anyone.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>traveltimeOntario
<Content>Feb 21-27       Beach  
<Date>Feb 28, 2007
<Rating>4	2	3	5	3	5	2	3	

<Author>marlenecordeille
<Content>loved it!!       zen on the beach  
<Date>Feb 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>sgonza4
<Content>Don't Do It If you like food, don't stay here, because you will hate the food there. It will make you sick, and it tastes aweful! BEWARE!!!  
<Date>Feb 27, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Naimeh
<Content>If you are a healthy eater, DO NOT go to LTI! My husband and I went to LTI from Feb 15-22. This resort is a 3 star and definitely not a 4 star!!! (Our North American stars translates to less stars in Cuba, Jamaica, Dominican Republic and Mexico)The positive:The resort was beautiful and the beach was unforgettable, vast and blue, the sand was soft and we even enjoyed one of the tropical rain storms.The negative:The service is very very very bad, I remember asking for a blanket (which our room didn't have one?) three times before I actually got it at 2:00am. The employee don't care about you and your needs.The food was disgusting, everything tasted like butter. What ever you could imagine to eat was oily, greasy and old looking. I only ate salad and lots of lemon to wash my stomache of any bad food that I just ate. I found a dead cooked worm in my brocolli!!! It was disgusting. I had to eat chicken lunch and dinner cause that was the only edible food.If you are a healthy eater do not go to LTI, please choose another resort.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	2	2	2	

<Author>zombiegirlToronto
<Content>Loved LTI I absolutely loved Punta Cana....The resort itself was huge, the grounds were kept so nicely and the hotel itself was very open I never felt like I was in a hotel. It was my first time staying at an LTI resort and I must say I was impressed. The beach was absolutly beautiful, clear water, power soft sand. I've been to Cuba several times but think I love Punta Cana. The vendors that are located on the beach were a little to pushy for my liking however they were very nice, but it's worth the five minute walk along the beach to go and check it out. As far as the food goes I was impressed. They had the best pizza and I also loved the stir fry. The staff is friendly and the best place to get drinks are in the lobby. The cappachinos are to die for and really good strawberry daquiri's. In all I must say this was my favourite place so far. I was relaxed the second day and it was well worth it. Enjoy!  
<Date>Feb 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	3	3	

<Author>TripChicQnsz
<Content>Nice Resortl-Not Great Overall the resort is beautiful...It is quiet large but comfortable distance. The service was average. This resort caters to Europeans so if you are looking to enjoy Dominican food do not go here. The shows were nice but unfortunately you have to hear 4 languages of every sentence the staff is speaking about. Nice environment but if your looking to meet new friends and mingle with the crowd--Learn German !  
<Date>Feb 22, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	3	2	3	3	

<Author>maziars27
<Content>good value for money       the view from our room  
<Date>Feb 19, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sandijam
<Content>Wonderful!       sunken boat  
<Date>Feb 17, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>TravelExpert-TA
<Content>LTI - Not that Great! We stayed at the LTI Beach Resort from Feb. 4-11, 2007 and after reading all of the reviews I was expecting something really good. However, this was not the case.The Positives:The resort size is great if you are someone like myself who is not crazy about the really massive resorts that take forever to get around. The LTI is a comfortable size and is easy to get around and definitely not too huge; it has a more intimate feel.The grounds have beautiful palm trees everywhere but do not have any flowers. The beach is great but then the beach is good pretty much in all of Punta Cana so it doesn't really matter too much which resort you stay at, although we found the beach to be really nice in front of the Paradisus and/or the Iberostar.Now for the negatives:The hotel is definitely more of a 3 star. The lobby is not all that impressive and this is your first impression of the the LTI so it really sets the tone. If you go there expecting a 3 star you will not be disappointed, however if you were told it is a 4 star (like myself) you will wonder why. The staff are not that friendly and except for the front desk most staff did not speak English which can be frustrating when trying to ask a question. Also, the service was very mediocre, they are definitely not willing to go that extra mile. I realize we have been spoiled with North American service being the best in the world but the service at LTI was the minimum you would expect.The worst thing really was the food!!! I have been to Cuba where the food is known not to be good but I was expecting more from Dominican however I would say the food was on par with Cuba if not worse. The good thing is that you probably won't gain any weight! I really can't understand how anyone can recommend the food. The only thing they can get right is chicken, that's about it.I know it's already been mentioned but this resort caters mostly to Germans and other Europeans and while I did not think this would matter before I went I now realize that this is definitely a negative. The Germans think they own the place and reserve every beach chair with their towels and think they can dissappear for the whole day and no one is allowed to move their things.The nightly entertainment was a joke. It was sometimes really embarrassing to watch as it was so bad but hey, at least you can leave if you don't like it. During the day however, the only time you can enjoy any peace and quiet while at the pool is between 12-3pm otherwise you will be bombarded with noise and music from the entertainment staff that can get incredibly annoying if all you want to do is relax and read your book. We had an oceanview room which was great and I would definitely recommend gettting one as this is a beautiful view. I did not find the pillows to be a problem as I was expecting after reading some of the reviews and the rooms were kept clean but are very basic. There is no coffeemaker in the room and the lighting is not good for reading or doing ones makeup. Bring your own facecloth if you use this to shower as they do not provide any. They do have hairdryers though, so don't bother packing one but they do not have an iron or ironing board in the room.Overall, we enjoyed Punta Cana but would not go back to the LTI Beach resort as I am sure you could stay at a nicer resort for only minimally more.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>uts39
<Content>great time at LTI Just got back from LTI and I must say it was FANTASTIC. The weather was great. It only rained for about 1/2 hour late at night. The pool was awesome and the beach....aaaaahhhhhhhhh what can I say. The sand was like picking up a hand full of flour!!!The food was good, just what I expected from a resort. The stir fry and pasta were the best. You never go hungry. The drinks were good. Although the pop tastes nothing like it does in Canada! Beer was good.The staff were very friendly and helpful. The only issue I have is some of them spoke very little English but they helped you as best they could. The animation team was great always had fun things to do. The beer drinking game before noon was a blast to watch! Shows were great. Met some very nice people from Canada and around the world. The only 2 negative thoughts I have are- 1)The hide-a-beds in the family room should be replaced, they have seen better days. 2)The people that ran the kids world do not really encourge other kids to join in the kids show at night. If your kids were not in the kids club during the day the staff do not really make an effort to get the kids on stage at night. Over all I would hightly recommend this resort to any one that asks. If any one has any questions please feel free to e-mail me at- mutley1@telus.net.  
<Date>Feb 10, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>fantasticKitchener
<Content>Loved the LTI Beach Resort       resort grounds heading towards ocean  
<Date>Feb 3, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Kitchener42
<Content>great resort( from Ontario,Canada) We have just returned from a week at the LTI resort, Punta CanaIf you are looking for great beach...this is the place for you. The weather was fabulous, no rain and hardly any clouds. The rooms are clean although the pillows are horrible. We gave our maid $1.00 the first day for 2 extra pillows and it did the trick. It was very difficult finding people who speak english, most of the other guests were European. The food was good, the barbecue by the beach had the best chicken and fries,it is only served at lunch time and people line up to get it. The workers from the Cayena time share will try to get you to sit in on their sales pitch, they will bug you every day. I did find a drink that I enjoyed,it was called the Loombamba, very similiar to a mudslide. Beer was good( i enjoyed it better with lime) Great resort for the money,it is not as large as some of they other resorts in the area,although I think LTI has the best beach!!  
<Date>Feb 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	3	4	5	

<Author>thedukes
<Content>Excellent Vacation We had a wonderful week on Bavaro Beach in Punta Cana. We stayed at the LTI Beach resort Jan 24th-31st. It was a very relaxing week filled with fun and sun. The resort was gorgeous although we spent most of our time on the unbelievable beach. I think it was great value for the price. There didn't seem to be very many Canadians or English speaking people around. This made it difficult to meet people. We managed to meet some very nice people anyway. As for the food (we are not picky eaters) we found it to be excellent. We didn't book any a'la carte's and we found enough variety at the main buffet. The made to order pasta was excellent. We also really enjoyed the Oriental Stir Fry. My favorite meal seemed to be lunch. I went for the Grilled Chicken and fries at the snack grill or pizza at the Italian buffet. We enjoyed the catamaran and there was good snorkeling right out in front of the resort. We didn鈥檛 like the Cayena Beach Club guys trying to get you to sit in on vacation club presentation. Avoid them if at all possible.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	5	3	5	4	3	

<Author>angelll
<Content>LTI resort..Punta Cana We had a speedy check-in. The room was fine...staff were helpful  very friendly. The grounds were beautiful..very clean  well kept....gorgeous beach. There always were plenty of available chairs on the beach. The entertainment was very good as was all the activities. The only complaint I have was the food  drinks. You won't starve but you had to be very picky about what you ate...some of the food was under cooked  the pastry was stale. The drinks were awful! Even the soda was either super sweet or watery. The best thing to drink was the soda from the mini bar.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Canuck022
<Content>Beutiful Resort Booked thru Stettler Travel for a 2 week stay at LTI resort in Jan, 2007. Found LTI to be an excellent resort. Beautiful lobby, beautiful grounds, beautiful weather, excellent rooms, stocked fridge with water and soft drinks, excellent beach with lots of loungers and shaded cabanas, very friendly staff from grounds keepers to bartenders, to cooks, to maids. Very friendly and helpful Transat representative--Melissa. Thank-you very much. Found the buffet or the outside grill was the best places to eat. We -5 of us- went on the Bavaro trip, very intersesting to see some of the country and how the coffee grows, people live. Our guide for the day was Jaun- very friendly and we had a great time. Thanks Jaun. Tea time at the Calypso bar had excellent sandwiches and good coffee creamers. Tipping wasn't hard to do especially when the booze was inclusive, it made a person feel good. The chinese food and omelettes were excellent at the a/ la carte restaurant. Shopping at the beach market was enjoyable compared to the Barvaro Plaza -would not recommend going there. The venders would hustle, hazzle, and grab you trying to get you in to their shop. Quite an experience. The toughest problems we had for 2 weeks in paradise was what to drink and eat.--Haha. The scenery on the beach and around the pool was great. One hazzle was the agents of the Cayenne Club- they kept bugging you day after day to see their promotion.. All in all it was a wonderful resort -5 stars to it.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>teacherescapee
<Content>The Truth About LTI (from a Canadian's perspective) My family and I just returned from LTI last night. We had a wonderful time! Here are some points that were not made in previous reviews:-this resort caters to an European clientele (about 50% German, 10% Italian, 10% from South America, 10% from France and Quebec, and the other 20% from Canada, the US, and other countries)-the food is quite good, but if you are a picky eater looking for meat and potatoes, forget it (get chicken at the grill, anything at the Trattoria, and be prepared to wait in the buffet for stirfry or pasta, which are excellent)-the pillows are definitely crappy, but clean (they've been laundered for sure, which wreaks them)-the beach is amazing, but no shells to collect, only white coral-be prepared to use your foreign language or sign language skills-don't plan on buying any necessities once you get there ($22 for sunscreen and $4 for a Gatorade, for example)-DO NOT USE YOUR BANK CARD AT THE AT MACHINE - I recommend bringing enough cash or travellers cheques over using on-site bank machines for obvious security reasons-the pool is lovely-the rooms are clean-try to adjust to the slower pace right away and you will notice the Dominican people are all very happy FOR A REASON  
<Date>Jan 6, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>cutie710
<Content>Great stay at LTI       Main buffet dining room, first day we arrived.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>Canucks4us
<Content>Taste of Paradise!       Awesome Beach!  
<Date>Nov 25, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	3	4	3	

<Author>TKE
<Content>Just back  We just got back from a wonderful 7 day stay at the LTI last night. I have to disagree with most of these reviews. Our stay was from Nov. 11- Nov 18 and the few things I have to bicker about don't compare to the amount of great things available at this resort. Let's start with the not so good ... the adult animation staff were rude, the pillows weren't desirable and there was no remote for the TV's. However - the grounds are incredibly beautiful, the staff is very friendly, the food was good, the beach is beautiful and the pool is by far the best I've seen yet! The best part of this resort, is if you choose, one can walk from the front lobby right to the end of the pool under a covered walkway. The night shows were good - most of them had other performers come in for the night (ex: magician from Cuba, Latin dancers from Puerto Plata). The Calypso bar at night (open from 10pm - 5am) offers a relaxing environment serving drinks of all kinds  sandwiches until 5am. There is a mini-market on site which consists of approx. 5 stores (which cater to all your needs) as well an internet cafe. I would most certianly recommend this resort!  
<Date>Nov 19, 2006
<Rating>3	4	2	3	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>luckylove12345
<Content>people hated it?? I LOVED IT       the loungee  
<Date>Nov 14, 2006
<Rating>5	4	3	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>FlyboySam
<Content>Read a true review by a frequent all inclusive traveler My wife and I just returned from LTI on Nov 5th. We have stayed at 4 different all inclusives in Cancun, 1 in Jamaica, 1 in St Lucia, 1 in Cabo, and this one. The one in Jamaica was Sandals, so you can't use that one in the comparison as no one can touch Sandals. (But you also PAY for Sandals !!) LTI is FAR and AWAY the best of any of the others. The food was incredible, service was always polite and helpful, and resort was manicured beautifully!!!! The people writing bad reviews of this hotel need a reality check !! Look at the price you pay for this resort and take that in mind and you will be ecstatic with what you get. I never had any problem with travelers tummy and I ate the fruit daily. We did use bottled water (provided in your mini fridge in your room) to brush our teeth. They plainly have a large sticker on the mirror in the bathroom telling you to not drink the tap water. As I saw in a previous review, try your best to get building 5. If I HAD to find a drawback, it was that 90 percent of the other visitors didnot speak english. That obviously was not a problem as I played a game of sand volleyball with them. It is very european, so DO be prepared to see topless women and 80 yr old men in speedos on the beach. But hey, it's a 3rd world country....what do you want???? We will definately be returning!!!! DO NOT believe the bad reviews !!!  
<Date>Nov 9, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Nems
<Content>October 2006 - Disappointing My husband and I did not actually pay for our one-night stay at this LTI resort, as we were on a cancelled flight and Delta put all of us up at this place. I would not, however, pay to stay here, as I thought it sub-par, in comparison to my other all-inclusive experiences. I have stayed at Paradisus and Secrets resorts and had only positive experiences. LTI is a few steps below those places, and I did not find much that I found positive. The room was small, and not entirely clean. There was trash on the counters. We could not find a remote for the TV, although we later heard we could have picked one up at the front desk, which seems odd. Our room was beside a small road, which alternated between ATVs loudly whizzing by (even in the middle of the night), or pesticide trucks spraying disgusting clouds of insecticide. The pillows seemed to consist of small and large lumps of foam, smashed together into a pillowcase, which was the equivalent of sleeping on soft potatoes. Besides those issues, I have a problem with the resort labeling itself as all inclusive, since many things were not, in fact, included. The safe in the room, for example, can be used for an extra fee, although ours didn't even have a door on it. Out of the four restaraunts on the property, only one is actually included, and it is a terrible buffet. Service at the buffet is iffy at best, and once we went the entire meal without even being served water. I believe that some beer, wine, and liquor is included, although those were never offered to me by the waiters in the buffet (they never even spoke to us, just plopped a water glass down). However, most decent alcoholic drinks are not included. Perhaps if someone who has not been to other all-inclusive resorts were to stay here, it would not seem as bad as it did to me (although in discussing the resort with others on our cancelled flight, they all shared the same sentiments). Maybe it is a decent resort for families with children. But I would not not recommend it for couples wanting a romantic getaway. Look at Paradisus (children allowed) or Secrets (couples only) instead.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	-1	2	2	

<Author>beachzsazsa
<Content>Great beach-Not so great hotel My husband and I visited the Punta Cana LTI as an anniversary trip and were very disappointed in the hotel. The bed was as hard as a rock, the sheets were thin and rough and the pillows were flat as pancakes-all very substandard! We had a problem with the air conditioning unit leaking from the ceiling all over the floor in our room. We called twice to have it repaired and it never did get repaired properly. The staff, with the exception of a couple of employees, was also substandard. We had previously visited Punta Cana twice before staying at other hotels and enjoyed both trips. It is unfortunate that the hotel and staff were so inadequate since the beach and pool area were fantastic. We definitely would NOT visit the LTI Resort even if the trip was free!  
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	2	2	2	1	-1	

<Author>Edgar3000
<Content>Best Gay Hotel in Bavaro Well i just came back from this wonderful hotel, and i din't spect to see what i saw over there, lots of gay couples hot gay couples from everywhere and some gay dancers it was my dream hotel but the disco is very calm, not too much clients go to the disco but it was fun i have fun the animation team is wonderful they treathed me like if i was a long time friend, i'm planning to go back in november...  
<Date>Sep 17, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tatsa
<Content>Mediocracy at its best Be aware that this is almost exclusively a German resort. If you plan to meet other americans you might be disappointed. The facility is quite attractive but doesn't compare with the Iberostar just down the beach. Better to book there if you want more activities and better food. The food was the biggest disappointment. Bland and uninventive. We became masters at collecting different spices and sauces from the stations and concocting our own palatable meals. It appears the chefs didn't want to unduly upset the older clientelle by becoming too adventurous with their selections. for the same amount of money this all inclusive charges, we would recommend you check out a Club Med. The French cuisine and outrageous selection of cheeses, seafood and vegetables is outstanding. LTI is rather a sleepy resort compared with the activity level of a Club Med and their evening shows were absolutely painful. Their idea of entertainment was showcasing kids hopping around on stage and offering karioke three times! Enough already with the drunks singing. The staff was not interested in their guests, table wine would arrive only if someone actually went to the serving station to help themselves (a big no-no). If you're interested in a quiet sleep on a beautiful white sand beach, food that won't awaken your tastebuds and staff that essential ignore you - you'll love this place!  
<Date>Sep 6, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>yricardo
<Content>Traveler Beware Worse Hotel Ever NOT ALL-INCLUSIVE I want start by saying this was the worse vacation I have ever taken in my life. ALL-INCLUSIVE means all is included and you don't need your wallet or have to pay extra for any food, or drinks... Don't forget to bring extra money when vacationing here because you'll need it...The management at the hotel is awful and rude have a total disrespect for there guests. We originally booked to at the Cayenea there exclusive side. Don't waste your money for a premium that does not exist. We were finally moved over to the LTI side after battling Cataryna from Guest services after she could not justify there amenities , of premium liquor at one bar and an ala-carte menu for lunch for an extra $500.00 per person, we where 3 women traveling together. Too make matters more insulting I spoke with Cataryna on a conference call with the travel agent in regards to there amenities (premium liquor) and she lied to me and the travel agent. Knowing that one of the travelers has an extreme medical allergy to potato so she can only drink some types of Vodka, and checked the brands they carry. With all of that said she still lied!The problems started upon arriving to the hotel immediately when we requested a ground floor room because one of the girls hurt her ankle and was on crotches. The front desk was annoyed by this misfortune because they had to make another room available. We waited patiently for the room and grabbed lunch. When we got into our room we noticed that the cushions from the couch where outside and when we asked the room maid she said they were drying out for 2 days and were moldy. Not only the cushions but the bed as well. So one of us shared a bed, who wants to sleep in a moldy bed... Our sliding glass doors and windows did not lock and our safe as well. So we went to the front desk and asked that they be fixed. Well that was our fault since we changed rooms. They fixed everything reluctantly and not understanding the danger of unlocked doors on a ground floor with 3 girls. We where told that if you stay at the Cayenea you have access to premium alcohol throughout the resort. Well that is not the case and you can have premium at one bar but must pay for it at all other bars... That bar closes around 6.00 pm! The room was spacious but really moldy and just stunk. When I say there are no extra amenities I mean you have to retrieve your towels on the other side of the resort daily. The Cayenea is a time share not a resort, and the going rate is 250.00 per week... Our phones did not always work because the wires were hanging out. Upon discovering that we had been scammed we requested to speak to the manager about the lack of amenities and what was stated earlier. No one from Management would speak to us and they sent Cataryna from Guest services to do their dirty work. We demanded that she justify the premium between the two. Well as I said before an ala-carte lunch, and one bar with premium liquor... One Vodka Stoli and some Scotch as well which is not inclusive but advertised as is. After 2 hours of arguing and her saying to bad we have your money deal with it and also the LTI side is completely over booked, but we managed to get a room... she could not or would not tell us what was going to be credited back if anything. Upon arriving to our new room which by the way we carried all of our luggage to... The room was meant for 2 two people max but they brought in a cot and mattress. Well the mattress was just disgusting and should not be viewed by any guest. I mean filthy so slept together again. We got 2 room keys of which only one worked and that could not be fixed either as per mgt. The AC did not work at all so we just sweated it out for 7 days while they tried to repair it twice a day, mind you we complained night and day to get it fixed. It was 90 degrees and 3 people in a sweaty room. When pulled our comforter back to take a nap one of the beds sheets had a fresh blood stains all over it... We again had to go to the front desk because our phone had no dial tone as well. We actually had to supervise them as they stripped the beds down. There was a used tampon in the corner of the bathroom. The tub did not drain properly and we had no lights! Food: If you like raw turkey and really bad seafood as in spoiled you will love this place. The restaurants are not all-inclusive they have a limited menu and the rest is ala-carte and not cheap... They offer a great cheese table. I came across so many people that had gotten sick from the food that I was very careful in what I ate. The grill has excellent chicken and veggies... Stay clear from the late night sandwich table. There is no 24hr or late night eatery that is a lie it鈥檚 open till 10.00. The food is catered to the European guest... The selection does not vary always the same. Breakfast is the same daily as well... Stay away from the seafood or lobster by the grill they sit out in the sun all day. Go to Captain Jacks outside the resort for some really good seafood and drinks... Punta Cana is very safe don't fall in that tourist trap info...Alcohol: The beer is great! Anything else is rubbing alcohol and really bad and not worth the hangover or headache from. Bring a bottle with you if you if you can... It is worth lugging around. The wine that is served is watered down and really bad so we just bought a bottle at the restaurant.ICE: They had no ice! Every day! So you drank warm drinks in the sun. When they did get ice it was gone in less than 2 hours...The Good: Beaches are awesome and clean... The room maids and waiters and bartenders are really nice and will go out of there way for you. One waiter brought us coffee from his house and brewed for us to enjoy at the resort. Tip them daily because they really deserve it and will help you out in a pinch. Night life: Very boring after 9.00pm nothing going on or to do... If you like shows then you will be thrilled... The disco really sucks, go outside the resort to dance and have fun. Many of the other resorts offer great clubs and casinos and entertainment for almost nothing...Also be very careful with you room keys as they have your room number on them and they do not change the locks if the key is lost by the previous... Not very safe...GET TRIP INSURANCE (HEALTH) BEFORE YOU GO.. THE DOCTOR AT THE HOTEL CHARGES 200.00 US $$$ A DAY. YOU ALSO HAVE TO PAY FOR A WHEEL CHAIR AS WELL DAILY.. Out of the 60 traveler 40 got sick and one is in the hospital with a stomach infection in the US. One traveler paid $600.00 US for care at the hotel !There are a lot of all-inclusive resorts in Punta Cana that are just better than LTI. Don't waste your money here and it is not ALL-INCLUSIVE so don't be fooled.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>7023
<Content>Don't go to this hotel!!! Had a real probem communicating - english. Hotel management really did nothing to be friendly nor helpful. Upon arrival the sliding glass door in my room was totally off the track and frame coming off. First, made bell boy aware of it then attempted to call down to desk (did not understand english). Then went down to lobby told to him 15 minutes so they can fix. It took approximately 4 hours later for it to be fixed. I was there with three of my girlfriends and we were all upset. We arrived on Fri by Sat we all started to getting sick. It had to be the food because we were so limited on the drinks offered couldn't have been from being drunk. Only two people at the hotel were helpful. Talked to others when traveling back to airport they had a much better hotel. They scenery is great but hotel SUCKS!!!!  
<Date>Aug 16, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	1	2	1	1	1	

<Author>ambshadow
<Content>Not the best experience We stayed at the LTI Aug11-Aug14. When we first entered our room, the trouble began. The sliding glass door was gapped open in two places and we could not get it to close. Not only was it open, but the casing was falling off of two panels of the door. When we questioned the bell boy he mocked my friend as she was explaining the problem. He did call the front desk to get it taken care of. Thirty minutes went by and no one had shown up to fix the problem . So, we went to the front desk and the man at the desk was not friendly at all. He asked us to give him 30 mins. We agreed and went on our way. When returning from the pool, 3 1/2 hours later. The door was still not fixed. Oh, and I forgot to mention that the air would not work with the doors open. We then returned to the front desk. Still not a friendy response. He would not even consider moving us to another room either time we were at the desk. Finally after waiting between a total of 41/2 hours someone showed up to fix the problem. Not an accomodating resort. Any time we needed any assistance, most of the workers acted as if we were annoying them. I would probably say that 8 out of 10 people who worked there were very RUDE! If it wasn't for the company that went with me on the trip, I would have had a miserable time.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	2	2	1	2	2	

<Author>Tidbit17
<Content>Will not stay there again...do not recommend I went to Punta Cana with three other girls. We were skeptical about staying at LTI because of the bad reviews, but had booked through Vacation Express before with no problems. We will not return to LTI and most likely not Punta Cana either. Some of the good: Once you get to the hotel, the place is absolutely beautiful. The pool and beach are very clean. The maid, Juana, was very nice. The bad: The sliding glass door had three parts and on two parts, the frame was coming off. It was open about four inches and we couldn't close it because of the frames. They acted put out that we wanted it fixed...and it took 4 1/2 hours to get someone there to fix it. It seemed that they think problems will go away if not addressed. The air conditioning was poor, barely kept the rooms cool enough to sleep comfortably. (especially after the sliding door incident)They do not have wash cloths so we asked the maid (not Juana) for another hand towel and she sharply told us no. We were ignored several times when going to the bar...at times, there were four or five guys talking among themselves and not paying attention to the guests. We tipped on most trips to the bar throughout the day, so I don't think that was the problem. We started being just as rude as the other patrons and that seemed to work a little better, go figure. The food was just okay, but each of us had a bout with a bad stomach. This place seemed to cater to Europeans and I did not feel as Americans that we were welcome. I think there are much nicer places to stay with little to no difference in price.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	2	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>triggah
<Content>Would never go back to this hotel I have been to this hotel 2 time for the year. The first time was a really good trip. So much so that my cousin and I and another friend we met on our first trip decided to go back there again for 2 weeks to celebrate my birthday. There was a bartender in the disco that made us a bad drink in order to get us sick. He masked 151 proof rum (the strongest rum out there) with a touch of Brandy to make it look like Mamajuana, the drink of the country which is most often taken as a shot. The bartender knew this was what we were drinking and make his own batch of it for us to intentionally get us sick. We know this b/c at the end of the night when he saw us sick and my friend throwing up, he watched and laughed and proceeded to leave the premises. He was upset b/c we were drinking and not giving him tips. Now forgive me if I'm wrong but an All Inclusive vacation to me means that tips are not required but appreciated. The next night we went back to see if he would do the same thing and guess what, he did! We took the drinks and threw them outside and he thought we had them, he wandered around us all night waiting for us to get sick b/c from what he knew, we had about 4 shots each. And he was nice enough to put them in a nice wine glass! Anyway, when we reported this to the guest services manager, she wanted to go with us one night and see what he gives us and I guess inspect it. Why would he give us the drink with them sitting right there ? And from what I understand, they advised him of what the problem was so why would he then want to get caught? We were made out to look like we were lying, we got no apology, NOTHING! The least that should have been done was that the bartender shouldn't have been left in the disco bar to tend to that many guests b/c he could have seriously harmed another guest from mixing them a bad drink just b/c he didn't like them. I do have to say a tremendous thank you to the animation team who helped us when we got sick to make sure we were ok. If it wasn't for them, we would have been sitting sick in front of the disco until the next morning. So, my advise to you if you still decided to go to this hotel is to make sure you watch what is being put into your drinks b/c you never know. And on top of it all, he did this on my birthday night! and he knew it was my birthday b/c the night before I celebrated when it hit 12am! This is what I got for going to celebrate my birthday there. Aside from this bartender and guest services, other people were friendly and only interested in us having a good time but as far as that bartender goes and the guest services manager, I strongly feel that there should be changes to some of those staff members because as long as those particlar people are there, I would NEVER pay to stay there again nor would I recommend it to ANYONE else and I do have a fairly large network of people who inquire about my vacation locations and trust my recommendations. I don't understand how this hotel could have such people working around their guests and then when he causes problems for them, nothing is done about it. On top of all that, guest services advised us that they have had prior problems with him and they were trying to get him out, so if they knew that he was such an issue, why was he still there? Why was he allowed to ruin nights of our vacation which we paid hard working money for and why were we not given at least an apology. As repeater guests, I would have expected a higher level of service with an issue such as this one, he could have given us alcohol poisoning and then what would they have done?  
<Date>Jul 31, 2006
<Rating>2	2	5	5	5	5	2	-1	

<Author>Carribbeanlover
<Content>ok if your on a budget My husband and I (we are in are early forties) just returned from LTI last week. We have been going to the Carribbean every year for the last 10 years and this was one of our least favorite vacations. Actually, it was the first time I was ready to come home.First of all, the food is not very good. The best place is the poolside bbq. Hold out for the chicken, pork chops and veggies they cook later in the afternoon, they are good. The hamburgers and hot dogs they cook at lunch are awful. We did not care for the buffets much. The pizza place is ok.I liked the beer, but the rest of the booze is poor quality. My husband did not find anything he liked to drink here (which is unusual for him) Also, they give you very small cups, bring an insulated mug if you want to go for a walk or get tired of walking up to the bartender so often.The beds and pillows are the most uncomfortable ever. Bring your own pillow if you can, trust me! The rooms are ok. Ours smelled very musty and I had to air out all of our luggage when I got home. Those were the bad things. On to the good. Beach, pool and grounds are very nice. Do the Carribbean Festival snorkeling trip. Lots of fun. We seen lots of fish and you get to snorkel with stingrays and sharks. Awesome! Saona Island trip was fun but we were stuck on a bus for three hours with no bathroom. They told us an hour and half, they were wrong.We got a very good deal on this trip and was worth the money we paid, but we definately learned a lesson. Next time we will spend more money for a nicer resort.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	2	3	3	2	3	

<Author>Antonieta
<Content>Best Vacations Ever!       Walkway to the Hotel  
<Date>Jul 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Glamor1014
<Content>July 9-16, 2006 My boyfriend and I stayed at the LTI from July 9-16th. We are both 30 years old.I had visited Punta Cana in 2004 and stayed at the Paradisus Punta Cana (amazing resort) so this was my second time visiting. I love Punta Cana because of the warm weather, the cool breeze and the warm ocean water!I read all the reviews for LTI (daily) and was somewhat nervous to stay, but I found that it was an average hotel with no major problems. The airport is small but not scary at all. You get off the plane and are hit with hot humid weather! Wear shorts on the flight! You will have to walk from the plane to immigration outside in the heat! Be aware that the second you get through baggage you are going to be pulled in many different directions by taxi drivers that want your money. Do not let anyone take your bag unless you plan on tipping them. When we arrived at the hotel we found that they were really busy and didn鈥檛 really go out of their way to make us feel welcome. No one came over to us to help us with our bags until after we checked in and we never got our welcome drink that was promised. We asked for a king size bed and they told us that a room with one bed was an upgrade because they only had an ocean view left. They gave the room without an extra charge, but we had to wait 30 minutes get into it.Our bags were brought up about 10 minutes after got into our room and we tipped $2.The room was plain, nothing special, but clean and we had an ocean view. We used a grocery store card to keep the air conditioning on all day and the room stayed comfortable. There are also English speaking TV channels. We tipped the maid $2 every day and she kept the room clean and the refrigerator stocked.The food was somewhat of a problem for me, although my BF had no problems finding something he liked so I guess I am just a picky eater. The meat does not taste normal so I stayed away from the hamburgers and hotdogs. They had chicken everyday at the poolside grill and in the buffet and that was the best chicken! It almost tastes like Boston Market! We never made reservations at any of the restaurants because they were always booked by the time we arrived for breakfast.The pool was always very warm and we never had a problem getting a seat. We would just put our towels on chairs when we went to breakfast. We also left our beach bag at our seat while we were gone and there were no problems. The Beach is beautiful and again, we never had a problem finding a chair. We did get a hut two days, but only when we put our towels down before breakfast. Of you want a hut, get out there early! Getting towels was a little confusing the first day. You will get your towel next at the pool (up where the ping pong table is) and then you can replace the towels when you want. However, they are not always there so you should get one in the morning each day.The shows were just ok. The dance club doesn鈥檛 open until 11:00 PM so the shows are really the only thing to do at night. They do not speak in English but they try to do dance shows or shows that get the audience involved that don鈥檛 involve a lot of speaking. They let the kids go up on stage and perform from 8:00 PM 鈥?9:00 PM and that was really cute. It is all part of the Kids Club that the hotel offers. The kids had a BALL. The kids have a GREAT time at this resort so if you have younger children, this is a great place to stay.This is a family resort and had a lot of kids while we were there. We met another couple on an excursion that was on their honeymoon and they were booked at LTI but changed hotels as there were too many kids. If you are looking for a resort without kids, LTI is not the resort for you. We did only 1 excursion, but it was worth every penny! We did the Bavaro 4x4鈥檚. It was $55 a person to share an ATV. This excursion takes you on the beach where there are jumps set up. It was a lot of fun! We did an afternoon excursion which I suggest as I think they can be flexible about how long you are out. The only other thing that I can comment on is the alcoholic beverages. I have stayed at other all-inclusive resorts in the past and they usually have a drink list or special drinks that you can order. LTI only had beer, wine, Pina Colada and Strawberry Banana smoothies. I am not a big drinker, so I didn鈥檛 know what to order and what was an extra charge (some alcohol was additional) so I drank Pina Coladas all week. Also, when ordering these types of drinks, you must specify that you want alcohol in it, if not, they will just give you a regular drink. We actually felt that we weren鈥檛 served very quickly when we would go to a bar. Some other couples told us that you need to tip a certain bartender first, and then he will take care of you all vacation.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	2	3	-1	

<Author>cabes2
<Content>Loved the LTI We had a great time at LTI. The staff was friendly, the animation team did a fantastic job, the food was good and the beach is the most beautiful we have ever seen. We were a little worried about the hotel when we read the many negative reviews. However, we found nearly nothing to complain about on our trip. The LTI offers three restaurants. The buffet had good food. We enjoyed the seafood restaurant as well. The Italian restaurant offered only pizza on the all inclusive menu. It was just ok. We never got sick though from any of the food. The animation team offered games and entertainment. We really liked the animation team. They were all very friendly and made us laugh everyday. The only thing that I would stay away from is the shopping outing. It was offered by are VIP representative and it is nothing but a tourist trap. We were stuck there for 3 hours and there was not much to buy. There are vendors on the beach that sell much better products.This resort is mostly European. We were in the minority language wise, but that does not bother me. We went on the trip to relax and we did a-lot of it. For a 2 star resort, we were quite pleased.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	3	4	4	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just average, nothing special We麓re a couple around 35 years old.This was the 3rd time in DR. We think we had a very good deal from our travel agent: 2 weeks for 鈧?00/$800 flight + hotel a.i.LTI does not stand out in our experience.On every aspect of all inclusive they score just under average.Food, Facility, room, drinks, animation team don麓t really stand out.The grounds are well kept. Personal are friendly and helpfull.The punta cana beach is great. We loved to walk along the beach and we walk for an hour and a half going to the right (direction of carabela resort) and for 2 hours going to the left. And we could have walk farther but then again we would have to walk for more than 2 hours back.For the animation part, if you want to have a good laugh just take part with (the grazy games) their games during the day and the show at night. If you don麓t have the courage just load up on the rum. That will always help ;-))We had a bad experience with the italian restaurant, so we did not go back. Everything there was also in buffet style, except for the pizza. So we did not think it was worth it to go back if we could get the same food in the buffet restaurant.So overall we would not go back there.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2006
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>most relaxing holiday ever We just came back from the LTI resort,Punta Cana.We are a couple in our early twenties.Before we went, we read some negative reviews  were a little bit worried about what to expect.After a 10 hour flight, we arrived at our resort, the check - in was fast  efficient, also got a drink on arrival,which i thought was a nice touch.The bellboys were very helpful with our luggage,so we didn't have to drag them all the way to our room.We stayed in our 1st night as we were really tired from the day of travelling  the time change .The next day we went for a walk, ive never seen anything like it, The beach is the nicest ive ever seen,the sand is just white  the water was a gorgeous turquoise colour (wouldn't see anything like that in Ireland),As people have said in previous reviews,it was hard to get huts on the beach, we didn't find that at all,we got one at anytime.The sun was shining from the moment we got off the plane,it was fabulous but it did get to hot to bear at times,It did rain, once for 5 mins  it was only drizzle for one hour  it really came down but you needed that as it was so hot.You could get food at any time as there was buffet for breakfast , lunch  dinner,but i thought the food was very repetitve,it was the same thing everyday,but there was burgers  hotdogs all day, so we mostly just pigged out on them,there was two restaurants that you had to make reservations for the Italian  the Seafood,we only tried the Italian,it was ok but were not very picky people anyway,but we would recommend this resort as it was the most relaxing holiday  the staff were very friendly,would most definitely come back here,very enjoyable!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Jun 10, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Look out for Spaghetti! We stayed for 2 weeks in April and are a couple in our twenties from Leeds. Although you couldnt go out this was a fab hotel! Spacious immaculate rooms, theres a few building blocks but they are located close to either the beach or lobby or resturants so your never in a bad building.Look out for SPaghetti, he is a tall thin black guy who is form the Animacion team! He is such a laugh and made our holiday! Be sure to take part in the 'Craaaazy Gaaames' on the beach and round the pool.Restaurants really nice but like anywhere gets bit boring after 2 weeks.The 'outback safari' trip was fab and our tour guide Eddie was the best, you get to see the real dominican.The 'Saona Island' trip wasn't worth going on, there was alot of travelling and when you finally get to the island its not better then the beach in front of the hotel!Enetertainment ok, the shows by the professional dancers are quite impressive but the ones by the Animacion team aren't too good. Be aware if you win a game through the day you have to get up on stage at night and do this crazy dance, but its a laugh i suppose!Met so many people, especially Canadians who are some of the friendliest people I have ever met.The 'Carnival fun pub' (the nightclub) was quite funa nd we spent most our nights in there! The music is fab-listen out for 'La Gasolina' and 'Bali'. You'll know what I mean. The animacion team show you some dances in the club, and always get you up to dance after! Don't worry they lead the way! (ok some are a bit sleazy!) The only thing is sometimes its dead, it depends how many tourists have arrived.Try out the spa too! iT is so relaxing and about 拢30 for a massage but worth it!Hope this helped. x  
<Date>May 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ldstanley
<Content>Punta Cana "Wonderful Vacation" Vacation: May 6-13, 2006The reviews were very helpful to our check-in process. There were a total of 4 traveling by way of an Interval Get Away. Our reservations were made to stay at the Cayena Beach Resort, yet we were told we must accept accomdations at LTI. If it had not been for the comments posted at this site we would not have known to insist on Cayena Beach Resort. After some negotiating with the manager, he agreed to allow us to stay at Cayena Beach Club. Cayena is the property adjacent to LTI and has several features which LTI does not offer. There is a private pool and resturant and a much more spacious unit than the hotel room at LTI. These seem to be reserved for new buyers. Vacation Experience:We had sun shine, blue skies the entire week we were there with the exception of two mid afternoon quick showers. This allowed us a little down time, many played card games and just socialized. The resort utilized this time to offer the guests a pick me up; men came out in drag carrying trays of fruit and teased the men guests. That was hilarious!Food:The food was good, but pretty basic buffet items. Each of us did come down with travelers tummy, at different times, so it is critical that you bring along prescription strength Lomotil. We passed these small pills around and were okay. Tours:We took an excursion to Santa Domingo which was very long, yet the bus ride was not all bad on a luxury cruiser. Very old city, still mostly the old relics of Christopher Columbus. Surrounding Area:Not much in the area to do. There is so much undeveloped land and little sanitation. The people seem very well adjusted. They are beautiful people. Have not learned much English. The Europeans (mostly Germans) were very unfriendly and stoic.Culture:As African-american traverlers, the people of the island seemed very glad to see us. They often referred to us as my color. They were helpful to me and laughed when they saw me with my spanish dictionary trying to speak the language. They were very patient with us.Summary:We loved it, loved it, loved it there. We would go back. LTI needs to improve there entertainment venue. The shows were enjoyable, yet we are accustomed to a little more. We wanted more activity at the pools, beachs, and lobby. The Germans seem to dictate otherwise.  
<Date>May 19, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>awp
<Content>Awesome Hotel, Awesome Food, Awesome Dominican People!!! Stayed at LTI April 28th through May 5th 2006. 7 Nights. This was our first time in DR and really did not know what to expect. I had read many bad reviews about this resort and was worried that we had made a mistake. Now that I have been, I cannot believe that anyone could complain about this resort. We met a couple from AL (Hello Tommy and Donna), and they have visited 40 other resorts all over the Caribbean and said this one they would rate excellent!!! The food is almost entirely homemade. Homemade ice cream, cream puffs, flan, cheese cake, cakes, soups, salads of all kinds, homemade dressing, made to order omelets with homemade cheese, bacon, eggs, sausage, their pancakes are wonderful, crapes, French toast, potatoes: mashed, or fried, fresh fish, fresh shrimp, fresh grilled chicken: I ate 8 pieces in one day, ribs, French fries, whipped deserts, steak always well done, hotdogs, hamburger: I did not like but wife did. This is just some of the food I sampled. My family ate everything, I stuck with what I like. The fresh fish fried in front of you was just great. The DR people are the most loving people. We made friends with so many DR people my wife was almost crying when we left. They even bought her gifts, which they make so little money shows you their kindness. They are very family oriented and if you treat them well they will show you their kindness. But if your hateful you will get the service you deserve!!! Some of the reviews say there is no entertainment!!! Every night at 9:30 they had a great show. We karaoke, discoed 2 nights, disco opens at 11:00, went to the dance party, dancers, lip sink with 4 men from the audience dressed up like women, very funny, ect. We went to the entertainment every night we were their but one. They also let all the kids get up every night to dance for the audience before their regular show. The kids loved it but we seen a lot of people walking out during their show, pathetic if you ask me. We have 4 kids, but they stayed at home. Disco was not usually that busy but my wife loved it, I鈥檓 not much on dancing. But I did dance and it was fun. Go to the manager鈥檚 reception, you will meet all the managers and they will serve you drinks, cheese and cookies. Music is played at the pool, inside the buffet, and at the beach. They have dance classes by the pool and the beach. Games are played daily at the beach. The dance lesson are also fun (Hello Anna). The catamaran ride was also a lot of fun. Get a massage by the beach, they know what they are doing and the price is $25us per half hour. We snorkeled everyday at the beach and that was an experience. Some days the waves had the water cloudy but still you could see all the fish. A small reef is in front of the beach, but you will have to look for it. A lot of people go topless and wear thongs, and 99% of them should not have them on!!! SummaryFood, excellentBuffet, well done and laid outOutdoor Grill by beach, excellent food.Bathrooms, cleaned every hour on the hourDrinks, great try a Santa Libra; it is 陆 DR dark rum and 陆 7-up. Tastes great but be careful!!! Staff, the best Management, great, we lost a piece of luggage and they sent security room to room to find it!!! I hurt my ankle, acting like I was 16 instead of 40, and could not climb steps; they moved us to the ground floor the same day. I give the general manager, (German), an A+. Very, Very Clean HotelAll the guests are friendly, and most understand hello, but the French. French, well鈥?stole our towels, cut in line, demand to be waited on first, and will not speak to you. Oh well, their loss. Landscaping, beautifulComplaints:The beds are too hard.$30 fee if you lose your beach towels, I guess a lot of guests steal them.Everyone reserves Tiki huts, and are not there most of the day, against Hotel Rules.Tips:Expect the French to be rudeLearn some basic spanishBuy a Verizon calling card at gift shop $10us for 29 min. The hotel charges $1us to connectBe kind and friendly and your service level will increaseTake some snorkel gear, underwater camera and find the reefRelax and have funIf you smoke Marlboro, they are $2us in the gift shop. Take some $1 bills for small tips, they make very little money.  
<Date>May 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The reviews I read here, were absolutely true... We had experienced Punta Cana before, but since this was our second visit we wanted to try another all inclusive resort/hotel. We did our internet research, and since food was not our first priority, we thought we would give this interval getaway a try. We could not believe that everything we had read was happening...We arrived late at night, around 10:30 p.m. to find that the Hotel was booked, so I guess they did not really reserve our room, even thought our 7 day getaway was paid for in advance. At that time, we were told that they would put us up in another room for one night at the Cayenna Beach, adjacent to the LTI hotel, but we would need to change to another room for the rest of our stay (5 nights), this is always a mayor inconvenience: could not unpack, lost a few hours in the middle of the next day changing rooms. To make our arrival worse, the all inclusive charge we had been offered by phone and luckily confirmed via e-mail, was not on the system, after many arguments with the receptionist and cashier, we were finally awarded the promised all inclusive fare for our stay, after the manager on duty made an exception and agreed to honor our all inclusive fare, only after showing him a printed copy of it for the ...th time. After this initial problem, everything else was just ok. The food was not bad but nothing was really worth mentioning, just as your reviews had predicted, but even though we were prepared, the atmosphere could have saved the experience, the buffet area might be practical, but it is just very plain, very unromantic: it is situated at the center, my impresion was that of a a hospital cafeteria, where you get your plate and through the stations, many offer repeatedly the same food, and then you go into one of the 3 eating areas. Very impersonal, did not impress me at all. I had read the pool was very nice, but in fact it is just ok. At the beach, there were plenty of chairs and shaded areas for everyone. The restaurants are worse than the buffet, so don't go for them. I missed the entertainment I had experienced at other resorts/hotels, no live music, not even a single musician, I would not go back. If it is beach you want, all the other resorts on Bavaro Beach offer the same first class beach.If you are wondering where we stayed the first time: Iberostar Bavaro, that one we would recommend 100%.  
<Date>May 7, 2006
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>julie42
<Content>Honest opinion from a USA family We stayed at LTI from 4/21-28. Booked thru TNT vacations in Boston, MA. Our on-island rep, Primi was wonderful and very helpful. As a travel agent myself, I do wish that TNT had of mentioned that this particular resort was going to have a 95% european (mainly german) clientele when I reserved it. Really, this was the only drawback we had with LTI. We just could not socialize with anyone and we are a very social family. Our teenage boys had each other to hang with but it would have been nice to see some more teens from the USA. The language barriers made it impossible to carry on conversations.The staff was welcoming and did make a gracious attempt to get all involved in the daily and nightly activities.Rooms were standard and plenty large. A bit musty but only when you had the a/c on and the slider shut. Our rooms were on the 3rd level in building #4 and we slept every night with the slider wide open and just the ceiling fan on as the breezes were wonderful! Weather was fabulous and we only had 5 minutes of rain in 7 days. The beach in front of LTI is fabulous. We all have great tans!Resort has a great layout and is so beautiful. It's even better than the on-line pictures! Pool is large and winding with a small bridge. Plenty of pool and beach chairs as well as palapas.Food was sub-par and we all suffered with travelers tummy. A couple of us are still suffering. This is typical for Dominican however. Presidente was good but not always cold enough. They put a lot of rum in the drinks so watch out.Bottom line is, if you are planning on a vacation to Punta Cana and you want to mingle and interact with the other guests, I would find out from the resort you choose if they do in fact have a decent amount American guests. Or, if you prefer to keep to yourself, LTI would be fabulous.Any questions, feel free to e-mail julie@hideaways.com  
<Date>May 1, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>jjff
<Content>Enjoyed our stay Hello,I stayed at the LTI Beach Resort from April 15th to the 22nd and had a great time. I was actually quite scared to go after reading some of the reviews on this website so I thought I would add a positive one and let people know my honest opinion. I travelled with 8 other people and we all enjoyed ourselves. We are ranging in age from 26-29 and have all travelled down south in the past to all-inclusives in Cuba, Puerto Plata, Jamaica and Mexico and the LTI rated well among them. I feel it has earned its 4.5 star rating. Check in: Quick and easy, the front desk staff were friendly. Although we were a bit disappointed that they did not allow us to have a late check-out. We had to use their courtesy room the last day to shower. It was fine but we would have preferred to stay in our own roomsRooms: Spacious and clean. The bathroom is marble, very nice, good lighting. There is a window in the door but it is not a big deal as the toilet is tucked to one side. The showers are great with a removable shower head (it was attached to a hose so you could take it down) I found that great for removing sand at the end of the day. There was always lots of hot water. Each room has a balcony with chairs, a table and 2 lines for hangining clothes (very handy). Each room also has a fridge and it is stocked with water and pop dailyService: Excellent!! The maids were great, very sweet, keeping the rooms very clean, stocking with as many towels and bottles of water you requested. We never had to buy bottled water because if you saw a maid in the hall with her cart, she would give you as many bottles of water as you asked for. The service at the bars and restaurants were also great, very friendly, always prompt, very professional.Food: Great. I was never hungry and never afraid to eat. Breakfasts were excellent, delicious donuts, omlettes, pancakes, french toast, boiled eggs, breads, fruits, milkshakes, bacon, sausage, scrambled eggs - pretty much anything you could ask for. Lunch was also delicious; you could eat at the beach bar, where they served burgers, chicken, french fries, sandwichs and sweets. You could also eat at the italian restaurant where they served pizza, salad, pasta, sweets, fruits etc... Or you could eat at the main buffet. Dinner was also good. The main buffet has a pasta station, stir-fry station, fish station, meat station (they had lamb, roast beef, turkey, chicken; a different cut of meat each day). We ate at each of the a la cartes as well. The seafood restaurant gives you choice of fish, beef or chicken. You also get a choice of a crab or garden salad and they bring a dessert cart around. I had the crab salad, fish and tiramisu and it was delicious! They do have menu you can order from that you have to pay extra for but we all enjoyed the meals that were included. The Italian restaurant turns into a a la carte in the evening and offers pizza, pasta, and sweets. We found it pretty good. The pizza is better quality that the pizza you get at lunch (more toppings) and it was nice to not eat at the buffet every night.One complaint I did have about the food was the 24 hour snacks. They only had sandwiches and soup after 11pm. We were disappointed because in other resorts we could get french fries, burgers etc... They did have burgers and fries up until 11pm but after that only sandwiches and soup. A few times we came back from the disco a bit hungry but luckily brought our own snacks. Beach: Beautiful, I spoke with one of the staff at the watersport centre and he said the beach spans for 50+ km. All you can see is beach. There were plenty of chairs, though sometimes it was hard to find a chair in the shade. You had to get up early to put your towel on one. The signs say you are not allowed to do this but we figured that if you can't beat them you might as well join them. We played a lot of beach volleyball, went boogey boarding every day, brought frisbees etc... so we were very entertained; the days went by too quickly. They also had activities on the beach, sand castle competition, dance lessons, aerobics and every day they played a different crazy game. Entertainment: The anamacion staff were very friendly and sweet; you can see they work hard. We only saw 2 shows in the evening; karaoke and dancers from Santo Domingo. Both were good. The Disco is pretty small and was not busy while we were there. However, where we were a group of 9, we made our own fun and always had a good time there. As well, we met up with another group of Canadians there who came to the disco with us a few nights. Atmosphere: There were a lot of Europeans and Germans at this resort but it is German-owned. There were also quite a few Canadians. I thought it was neat to have people from different cultures because you get to see how similiar we all are. Even though we don't speak the same language, we all come down south for fun and relaxation in the sun and that was what we all recieved!Overall we enjoyed our stay. If you booked a trip to the LTI, don't worry; it has everything you need and if you have reasonable expectations you will not be disappointed.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>vivacaciones
<Content>Very nice place, though more for families than couples My wife and I just returned from the DR, we were there from April 13 - April 21, though we only stayed at LTI for four days. The positives include:The stretch of beach the LTI is on is absolutely beautiful, white sands, clear blue water, wonderful weather. The facilities are very clean and modern, the reception hall is beautiful, the pool is segmented so there鈥檚 a kiddy pool, a Jacuzzi and an adult pool, lots of lounge chairs and shades on the beach front, and the grounds well kept with lots of tropical plants. A few different spots to relax with a drink or grab a meal. If you want to use their gym you must wear gym clothes and sneakers or they鈥檒l kick you out. That happened to us!In general, the staff were friendly and helpful. Most know enough to communicate in several languages - English, Spanish, French, and German being the most typical. We have never stayed at an all inclusive, so it was wonderful to eat all we wanted, get drinks whenever we wanted, try a few water activities and never pick up our wallet. There are some pay options for additional activities and meals, but we didn't bother.There were a variety of activities led by the animation team like beach aerobics, games, dancing. And nightly activities, like a live band one night, a dance performance on two different nights, and a karaoke show. There was also a night club - though it tended to be populated by teens and reggeaton music, so we didn't go back. We had gone to the DR planning to dance lots of merengue and salsa which didn鈥檛 happen with the type of music played at the disco. How ironic.The slightly less positives include:We prefer to experience as much of a culture as possible, so we were glad that we traveled around the DR before ending up at LTI, because LTI is fairly far removed from the rest of Dominican life (though I suppose most resorts at Punta Cana are). As many people have said, the largest population at the resort are couples and families from Germany. My wife and I both speak Spanish, but my high school German came in handy more than anything else.There are tons of kids. If you are a family looking for a relaxing experience, then this is the place - they seemed to have lots of activities to keep the kids interested. But if you're a couple looking for a romantic rendezvous, just know there will be little feet running everywhere. It wasn't bad, per se, but you definitely know it is a family resort.I don't know if I should call the food less positive or positive. I disagree with some of the other reviews saying it was terrible. It wasn't. We're from New York City, the restaurant capital of the world, we think we know great food, and yes, LTI's meals weren't five star, but for an all-inclusive/buffet-style atmosphere I think they did fairly well. Yes, it is true, most options repeat themselves each night, but the chefs do make an effort to change them up a bit. For example, fish was available every night, but sometimes it was breaded and fried or made with an almond cream sauce or grilled or poached. And there are many, many options. Plus there are four places to eat (two of which you do have to pay extra - we didn't eat at those, but I supposed that offers more options). Fresh fruit everyday and every meal was a huge plus and we felt we were able to have enough choice. When my wife asked what I thought of the food, I did often reply, yeah, it's okay. So no, I didn't feel like I was eating at the 21 Club, but I totally disagree that it was terrible. In fact, now that we are home and have to cook for ourselves and buy our own meals, we REALLY miss it!It is important to know that there is a timeshare building on the premises called the Cayena and yes, nice men in yellow shirts wait outside of the main food hall and walk the beach trying to interest people in a tour. So you know what we did, we just avoided them. Simple as that. We wish they weren't there, but they weren't pushy - in fact they never spoke to us.Needless to say Punta Cana and LTI in general are not easy to get to, we came from Santo Domingo and two buses and a cab ride later we arrived. I'm not sure what the experience would be like if you flew straight into the Punta Cana airport. If you're up for adventure, our bus rides were actually not so bad - we took a coach style bus from Santo Domingo to Higuey [RD$150 pp, about 2.5 hours] and then transferred to a guaga style bus to Bavaro Plaza [RD$60 pp, 45 min] and then cabbed it to LTI [the cab was aimed at tourists and so charged RD$150 to go 5 minutes]. There are NO buses to Punta Cana from Santo Domingo or Santiago, so it takes some work, but for us it was a good and safe experience, although it was somewhat tiring. We were also winging it; not knowing exactly how to get there, how much it would cost, nor the prices we would be charged.. My wife is Hispanic and took care of all the transactions and haggling, questions etc鈥?Thank goodness because no one spoke English outside of the resort and it may be a bit overwhelming for non-Spanish speakers to try. It would probably be better to fly straight into Punta Cana to avoid the hassle of getting there from Santiago or Santo Domingo. We do have a few complaints:It seems that the LTI contains NO non-smoking rooms, or so we were told. This was a big draw back for us. Though, on the brighter side, the housekeeping service did their best to change all of our bedding and even sprayed our room to try and get the smell out. It helped a lot, but we were shocked they had no non-smoking options (did anyone else hear otherwise?).Pay for internet access?? Please. US$6 per hour, not a lot, but was it really necessary at an all inclusive resort?Again, the disco was not what we thought. Now, other reviews have said that Punta Cana resorts don't have good discos in general. Believe it, it's true. We were hoping for salsa and merengue but got reggaeton and American Pop instead and the small room was filled with mostly teens and college students.Bring everything you need, because the prices for amenities in the little shops are unbelievable. A tiny 4oz bottle of suntan lotion was RD$525 or about US$17 and that was the cheapest and smallest. Postcards were a dollar.One thing my wife noticed was that there were mostly women at LTI, so dancing in the disco or with the live band was not easy unless women danced with women. The male:female ratio was not all balanced. There were definitely tons of single women but few single men - so maybe that is actually a plus for some of you! All in all, having never been to Punta Cana, nor an all inclusive resort, it was a lovely experience and very, very, very relaxing. We had so much time on our hands at first we didn鈥檛 know what to do with ourselves. By the second day we got the hang of it and started to just RELAX, know and accept that we didn鈥檛 have to do ANYTHING unless we wanted to. Now that鈥檚 a vacation ! We would recommend LTI to friends, especially those with children, but we also think that if we returned to Punta Cana (which we might) we would want to try another resort to see what else is out there !  
<Date>Apr 22, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>worst resort we ever stayed ! We just came back from the LTI Resort. We stayed there from april 1 to april 15. The only thing who was nice was the room with ocean view. The food was awful and most of the guests are from Germany. Few people speak english, so we had nobody to talk to. We are from Quebec, Canada and speak french but we speak english very well. The buffet was always the same each day for 14 days. I never saw jello and cookies as a dessert but they have those at each meal. You can eat salad and fruits, but it is the only thing who was good to eat at the buffet. We were very disapointed, and we do not recommand this hotel to anyone. If you are on a diete, that could be nice to eat salad and fruits during 14 days. Really we are very desapointed and we won't return to Dominican Republic, because we had a bad experience in this resort. More, they have people at the resort who try to sell you some vacation package at 10,000$ US and they are vey harassing.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>traveler613
<Content>Great time but dissapointed My boyfriend and I stayed at the LTI for spring break this year and we also went with another couple. We do a lot of traveling and Punta Cana was by far the most beautiful place I have ever been. The weather was absolutely perfect and the beach is amazing. We are going back next spring break but we will stay at another resort.The grounds of the LTI were really nice and well-kept. The staff was great and extremely friendly. My biggest problem with the place was their alcohol and their food. They serve the most cheapest kind of liquor they can find and when you ask for Jack Daniels for example they want you to pay extra. I am not a big drinker, but the entire week I think I forced 5 drinks down. The cups were really dirty too. (All four of us had this opinion).For the food I was the only one who didn't get sick. But I ate pizza, bread and salad all week long. The other three ventured out and ate some really wierd things and they are still getting over it now, two weeks later. There was only 4 restaurants to choose from and the Italian restaurant that is suppose to be A lA Carte only has pizza on the menu!The other wierd thing is,they push two twin beds together to make on big bed...and when you ask for a big bed they say well, you didn't request one. Which I know my travel agent did...I was right there.If these things don't bother you then by all means try out the LTI Resort because I had a fantastic vacation just a little dissapointed.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2006
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>fatchet
<Content>Had a great time My wife and I spent a few nights at LTI in late January and had a great time.Everything you need to know can be found in the 2/18/06 review by crushadave and the 2/23/06 review by TA member from NH.I can't add much, but wanted to add another positive review.There haven't been many negative reviews, but I haven't seen any of the problems that they wrote about, except for the time share hawkers (oops, sorry, vacation club hawkers).Grounds, pool, and beach were absolutely gorgeous. The staff was mostly great, and at worst ambivalent towards us.I'm guessing that they were overbooked because they put us in Cayena, which was supposed to be an upgrade.It was nice, but nothing special. (Be advised that if you're put in Cayena by LTI you are NOT entiled to use the Cayena facilities. Found that out the hard way on Day 2.)All in all, I'd recommend LTI and will probably go back some day. Maybe even next year.The bottom line, if you're looking for a reasonably priced vacation in a beautiful setting, try LTI.If you're a generally unhappy person with money to burn, go somewhere else.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awesome Spring Break! I just got back from Spring Break at the LTI and LOVED it!!! So it's not your typical Spring Break scene, but that's not really what I was looking for. It was very relaxing, and there were plenty of ways to make your own fun. We made friends with a lot of the staff--and not because we tipped, I'm pretty sure it was because we're all 20/21 year old American girls haha! But everyone was very friendly and highly amusing. The Animacion team was the best! They always got us to play games on the beach, and we made friends with a lot of them as well. They are really good at remembering names, which makes you feel very special. The nightly entertainment could be a little strange at times, but we enjoyed every minute! They have a small disco for hotel guests, and not that many people go, but we always had fun. They play a mix of Latin and American music, and there's always Animacion staff there to keep everyone dancing. The beach was absolutely beautiful. The accomodations were good, not the best I've experienced, but good enough -- same goes for the food. The pasta was actually quite good, and coming from an Italian, that means a lot. I want to go back to the LTI as soon as possible--in fact, I think I might look into working there lol!  
<Date>Mar 15, 2006
<Rating>5	4	3	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Holiday We spent our holiday at the LTI from Feb. 21 to March 1, and had a terrific time. We found the hotel to be clean, the staff very friendly, and the food very good with lots to choose from.We travelled with another family and had 4 kids from ages 7 to 13 with us. They all found lots to do and had a wonderful time there. The food service staff were very good to them. I have found it interesting to read the many different reviews of the same place at the same time, and have come to the conclusion that holidays are what you make them. We went with the attitude that we had spent a lot of money on a holiday and we were going to have a great time, and we did! We were friendly and courteous with the staff and they treated us that way in return.Do your homework before you go!! I have read numerous reports of things like no washcloths, extra charges for some meals, small resort, slow service, hard beds, flat pillows, no room at the shade huts on the beach later in the day, etc., etc. Every one of these things has been addressed in other reviews of people and should not come as a shock!!! Be prepared and read other people's reviews.The pool area was great, and we found that we spent a lot of time there in the afternoon with our kids.We have never seen such a beautiful beach area and spent a lot of time in the water and doing the many water sports.Our room was in building 5, and we could see the ocean from there. The room was cleaned every day,and the fridge restocked with water and pop. Any request we had was quickly filled. We found only 1 king-size bed for 4 of us, but they quickly moved in another bed.We went on the Bavaro Runners tour and highly recommend it. It was a great way to learn about the culture and see the countryside.We loved the LTI, and would recommend it to anyone!!!  
<Date>Mar 13, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>go here is my recommendation       victor , great mixer of drinks  
<Date>Mar 13, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Go Next Door!!! I would like to share our vacation at LTI with some potential visitors to the resort. First of all, do not opt for the Cayena Beach Club Section. All they do is hound you to invest/join the timeshare membership. Do not go to the Steak/Seafood specialty restaurant. The only way you will get steak or seafood is if you pay extra. Terrible service all around the place. Guests selfishly reserving seats at the pool under a palapa, in the sun and at the beach at one time which means many seats are unoccupied all day except for someone's towel!!! The food was possibly a 3 star. Our stomachs have not been back to normal yet since we've been back (1 week)! Rats running from one restaurant to another. Little or no assistance at the front desk, terrible attitudes, no pool activities.....need I say more - stay at the Punta Cana Princess next door!!!  
<Date>Mar 8, 2006
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>bad news We just returned from our vacation to the LTI. I will start by saying it was my 4th trip to punta cana but my 1st to the LTI. The resort is beautiful. The one problem is with the front desk staff. There was a family emergency, my mother in law suddenly took sick. There were many, many calls to try to reach us. They did NOTHING. When we phoned home and got the news, we had to wait til morning to try to get a flight home. WE TOLD the staff at the desk to call us, or put a message on our door. ANYTIME OF NIGHT. My brother in law tried to call at one in the morning and they wouldn't connect him. HE said EMERGENCY, MOTHER DYING, VERY IMPORTANT. Any of those words should have been sufice to get us. His answer was  we don't disturb our guests. SO I suggest anyone staying there to please phone home because no one can reach you if there is an emergency.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Enjoyed LTI We returned from LTI last week and want to add some positive feedback. Some of the recent reviews have covered most of the details so we will not duplicate what they have said. This is a beautiful, clean resort with generally very friendly people. (One desk clerk was an exception.) We, also, left a few dollars daily in tips and received excellent service in return. The servers remember who the tippers are. We found the food to be better than other reviews have indicated and we enjoyed the diversity and choices of the main buffet. We didn't like everything, but there were choices. (The dark chocolate ice cream is to die for, but unfortunately it wasn't available every day.) We tried the seafood restaurant but were generally happy with the buffet or the barbecue by the pool. What we wish we had known: More Spanish would have been very helpful and appreciated by the employees. They try hard to communicate in English but we felt that we should have known a bit more of their language. Also, if you want good snorkeling you may be disappointed. The trip we took had more snorkelers than fish, and most people had never gone snorkeling before. It was really just a very loud party. I think it was called Caribbean Festival and we wouldn't recommend it. We also went on the Outback Safari which we would highly recommend. It was a great way to learn a bit more about the country we are visiting. Just remember that with all these trips they seem to cram way too many people into a small space. And yes, some of the other tourists can be quite rude but don't let that ruin your vacation. We just tried to be unfailingly courteous and polite and to do our part to make Americans look better than might be expected based on our reputation abroad. We were aware that LTI is frequented by Europeans and that Speedos and topless sunbathing are the norm, but this can still be a bit off-putting for many Americans. So enjoy LTI. Perhaps we will see you there next year! Buen viaje!.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>CRUSHADAVE
<Content>Beautiful resort My wife and I just returned from the LTI in Punta Cana. After reading some of the reviews, we were a little nervous about what to expect, but soon found it to be a great place for a vacation. Let me preface this by saying that we have been to 6 other all-inclusives throughout the Carribean, so we are very familiar with the way they work. we usually stay at a 3/4 star similar to this. I tend to be long winded, but here it goes...... THE BEACH: 10/10The beach here was the most beautiful we have seen! The softest sand, and beautiful water. There is a reef about 1/2 mile out or so where the waves break. Those whitecaps really make it a wonderful sight.THE RESORT: 8/10The resort itself was great. It is a fairly small resort, with a great layout. Meaning you can walk from the lobby to the beach within 5 minutes. All the restuarants are centrally located by the pool and the beach. My wife and I enjoy these smaller resorts; we don't want to spend all of our time walking to the bar, restaurant, bathroom....etc. The rooms were fine, not fantastic, but very nice. The mattress is as hard as a rock, but just like most other resorts we have stayed. The buildings and the grounds are very well maintained. We thought it was very clean, with great looking grounds. THE POOL: 9/10We absolutely loved the pool. It was large enough to have its own kids area, volleyball area, polo area, and still have plenty of room for you to just swim or relax. Also there were plenty of stairs on all sides. There is a hot tub, but it is the same temperature as the pool, just with some air jets. Still nice for relaxing.THE STAFF: 10/10We thought the staff was great. They were always very nice and accomodating. We always tend to make friends the first day or so, and recieve FABULOUS SERVICE the rest of the week. The average Dominican only makes $200-250 a month!! They all work 6 days a week; so if you find someone you like they will be there almost everyday. I suggest throwing them a five the first day, and you will get the best service. We did this at each bar and restaurant, and they never forgot us the whole week. I tend to over tip at home so I did the same here. Always left a few bucks for breakfast($3) and dinner($5), and found it to be well worth it. You will always be greeted with Hola mi amigo, and not have to ask for a thing! One night we got a special bottle of wine from one of the bartenders, and our glasses were always full. All the bartenders and waitstaff speak English, but the maids do not. THE FOOD: 6/10This is the one downfall of the LTI. Not that the food is bad. I do not want to scare off anyone from going. Breakfast is the best meal. (hard to mess that up!! lol) There are well over 30 different items including eggs, crepes, pancakes, omelets, hot/cold cereals, plenty of fresh fruit, along with specialty Dominican dishes. My wife and I really loved the fresh pineapple, sausauge, fruit shakes, bacon, and homemade donuts that tasted like fried dough! We also found the coffee to be very good, but strong.Lunch also had a buffet, a pizza restaurant, and food by the pool. We generally ate by the pool or grabed a slice of pizza. The pizza is VERY good. Thin crust, a little greasy, but tasty. There are 4 or 5 kinds buffet style including plain, pepperoni, onion, mushroom, etc. By the pool, there are burgers (ok), hot dogs(yuk), good french fries and chicken. We loved the chicken, it had a very good tasting spice on it. There also was a small buffet by the pool with a rice, veggie, pasta dish, great olives, and desserts. It was pretty good.Dinner good have been much better. There is a buffet at the main restaurant, with plenty of different items. I tend to try everything, and found most of the meats to be tough, and all the veggies cooked the same way, soaked in butter. No matter what veggie I had, it was cooked the same way. But there were plenty of options here, and even the pickiest eater should be able to find something. There also was a smaller buffet by the pool, just like lunch. There are 2 alcarte places. Generally when we have been away, these restuarants had the best food, but not here. One is Itailian, but is actually the same pizza place as lunch. They offer the pizza and a small buffet of pasta items. I wanted a good meal for dinner, not pizza. I suggest going for lunch, it is the same thing and you don't have to dress up. The other a seafood resturuant is hit or miss. You have your choice of four entrees. One chicken, one pork, one lamb/veal, one fish. The have other choices that you can pay extra for. We payed extra for the prawns appetizer($6), and would highly recommend it. A couple we met for dinner tried the filet and sirlion at extra charges (about $10 each), but did not find it very good(tough). The food here is OK, but the menu is the same everynight. (it changes on Mondays), so after 2 nights there, you've tried everything. THE DRINKS:I drink mostly beer. El Presidente was fine, like a light beer. You'll find it much colder and tastier at El Bucanaro (pool) and at the pizza place. It always tasted funny at the bar by the stage and was warm at the beach bar. My wife found the wine not to be so good. Once we made friends we got the better stuff, but still was just ok. Mixed drinks were very strong. They have house rum and good rum if you ask. (or tip them or it) DRESS:The seafood restaurant is the dressiest. I wore long pants there, but went to shorts at night for all others. They don't bother you. Most places we've been had 3 or 4 fancy restaurants, and you had to were long pants; not here. Why wear long pants to a pizza place or a buffet?? I just put on a nice shirt, dress shorts and she wore slacks and a sexy shirt. :) Just like if we went to dinner at home. CAYENNA BEACH CLUB:This is a small separate club next door. It was very tiny, with a VERY tiny pool of its own. I would not spend the extra money to stay there unless you wanted total privacy. It has one bar/restaurant of its own, but you have to go to the LTI for everything else. There are people at the LTI whose job it is to try to get to to go over to the Cayenna. They are trying to sell you a timeshare; and can be very annoying!! I had to threaten to throw one of them in the pool before they left us alone!! :)ENTERTAINMENT: 7/10The entertainment was ok. It is a good way to wind down after dinner, but don't expect too much. The shows consist of 2 local dance shows, a kareoki night, comedy night....the local dances were interesting and the girls all wore thongs....lolThey have waitress service at the shows which was a first for us. Also there are some jewlery vendors on 2 nights. They will pester you to buy. We did buy, but for about a tenth of what they were asking. Just start to walk away, they will lower the price.ACTIVITIES: 9/10We chose not to do much but relax. With 4 kids here at home, we needed it. Most activities were down on the beach. They had games, volleyball, soccer, boche, water polo, aerobics, ping pong.....whatever you want. The best thing is they were not pushy to get you involved. Relax if you want, play if you want. You can also snorkel, sail, parasail, kayak. Just no Jetskis, not sure why???WHAT TO BRING:We were well prepared after reading reviews on here. Plenty of sunscreen and solarcane! You do not want to have to buy it there. We brought 5 kinds, and gradually got more sun each day. It is VERY strong! One couple we met got fried and had to buy solarcane for about $20.Don't over pack dress clothes; just dressy casual. I did get sick one day; glad I had that Immodium!! There were no bugs, but we did bring spray. We brought $50 in ones and $100 in fives. Used it for tips as well as for smaller items so we would not have to get pesos for change. Bring something the size of a credit card. It'll keep your ac on all day. I actually used the stubs from our boarding passes! (like Mcgyver) The best thing we brought were those insulated mugs. I bought 2 of them at the dollar store before we left. They held 15oz (instead of the 7ozg cups), and kept everything cold as well as kept the sand out.Brush up on your Spanish. My 5 years in high school really helped, and they like it when you try to talk to them in their language, even if its broken.Oh and for you New England people, they absolutely love the Sox!! Wear a hat, shirt, anything and they will just start talking to you about Papi, Manny, and Pedro. If you can get some cheap hats, I'd bring those as tips! They will go a long way.WEATHER:Sunny, sunny, sunny, 85 everyday with a nice breeze. Very similar to Aruba. Absolutely beautiful. If it rained, it rained hard for about 5-10 minutes, then cleared up.OTHER GUESTS:There are very few english speaking guests, maybe 10%. Mostly from Germany and Italy. The only annoying thing we found is that when they are walking down the sidewalk, they walk down the middle and expect you to move, instead of going to the right(or even the left). Must be a Europe thing. ??? OVERVIEW:We loved the LTI. The beach and the layout of the resort was perfect for us. The food was good for breakfast and lunch, but dinner could have been better. The good new is that that can change. I'd like to see them change the Italian (pizza) restaurant to something else, and improve the food at the seafood restaurant. If they could do that, LTI would be perfect for us! We would definitely go back anyway. Actually looking to take the kids this November.......Well we hope this helps. Relax, enjoy, don't expect gourmet meals and you will love it!!Feel free to email me if you have questions. Just put LTI in the subject so I know its not spam. :)CRUSHADAVE  
<Date>Feb 18, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>newhamsphireof4
<Content>Just loved the LTI Beach Resort My husband and I stayed at the LTI from January 27 to February 3 and must say we had a fabulous time and loved the resort and all it had to offer. I can't believe some of the reviews I had read about how bad it was, it seems as though we were at different resorts, I sure am glad that we did stay there. We arrived late because our plane left Boston later but we were on our way to the resort in no time and upon arriving at the LTI we were greeted by friendly and smiling bellboys along with a young lady offering us a nice fruit punch. The lobby was just beautiful with the floors that shined like a mirror, beautiful flowers, couches, tables and chairs and a bar. Check in was fast as it was around 8:30pm so we were off to our rooms immediately and to the buffet before it closed at 9:30. The rooms were immaculate and very spacious with a king size bed, two closets, a good size bathroom and a balcony with two chairs and a small table along with a small clothes line for wet clothes. Also a refrigerator with 2 pepsi's, 2 7-up's and two large containers of bottled water. The bathroom had soap dispensers by the sink and in the shower/tub, I brought my own face cloths as they don't have them. The resort was very well layed out with all the rooms on one side with building 1 through 5, 5 being nearest to the beach. The El Mirador Restaurant is the buffet, serving breakfast, lunch and dinner and on some nights having theme nights, which had 3 seperate sections to eat in, non-smoking, smoking and half and half which was great. The variety of food there was awesome, always something different and if you went hungry it was your own fault. The desserts, ice cream and breads were so good. Casual dress there, you could wear your bathing suit but it had to be covered. The El Bucanero restaurant was by the beach and had BBQ everyday along with other food, there you could go in barefoot and bathing suit, again variety good. This place was open 24 hours a day. The La Trattoria restaurant was Italian with pizza along with a buffet of different items. You need reservations for this place along with the Estrella del Mar which we did not eat at. The pool was very very large and very well kept with plenty of room, it was very refreshing when it was 86 and no breeze. The beach of course was just beautiful and a very large beach with plenty of chairs and very clean. The entertainment at night really fun. The young people that work during the day playing games and keeping people occupied were awesome and would be part of the show at night so we saw them working more than 12 hour days. The waiters were always smiling and if they remembered you your coffee or drink would be at your table when you returned with your food. There a few bulletinboards around which list what is going on so that was nice to know and how to plan accordingly. Nice shops and twice during the week they have natives that come and sell their wooden carvings, jewelry and paintings. Also, there are huts down the beach that sell everything you can imgaine so you can go and deal with them also. All are so friendly. Again this resort was very very clean, the ground were very well maintained as was everything, fun, relaxing and would definetely stay there again in a heartbeat. I could just go on and on but sure you get my point about this resort. Any questions please fell free to ask.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place for simple beach and quiet!       One of the stunning pools.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Likethasun
<Content>An honest opinion of LTI/Cayena I had many concerns due to items that I read on this site and here is my review.RoomsI stayed at the Cayena Beach Club portion of LTI and it seemed to definitely be nicer than the basic LTI. The rooms are bigger and closer to the beach but the basic rooms are accommodating. You get what you pay for and remember that you are not in the US and things are going to be tougher if you don't speak the language. Leave the workers a couple of bucks every day or every other day and they will appreciate it and may give you extra service. The people there are all nice and friendly and if you don't speak Spanish be patient.FOODThe Cayena offers a separate restaurant, which allows you to have food special, ordered which is nice if you're not a big fan of buffets. The rest of the options are buffet type and the food is not outstanding but it's OK. All have different hours and menus and some require reservations so when you get there ask for the times and requirements otherwise you may not be able to dine there that night. My girlfriend and I ate everything that was hot and we never had any issues with food. I believe after talking to people who got sick they all did the same two things 1. Drank the water or 2. Ate or drank on an excursion off the resort. Only eat at the resort and drink the bottled water they provide and you should be fine. DRINKSGood and strong- sometimes a little too strong so tell them to stop otherwise they will give you an entire glass full of rum with a dash of coke. Draft beer only--It's called Presidente and its not bad. When they wash the glasses it's in treated water so don't worry if they wash out your glass. AtmosphereIt's a great place if you want to relax, drink and lay in the sun. The beach along with the pools are super nice. They have a show at night that's like a high school variety show or ultra low budget Vegas show depending on the night. It's worth a couple of laughs. The disco is nothing other than the people from the show trying to get others to dance and have a good time. Unless you're beyond drunk and with a bunch of people, I can't imagine having much fun there. Also, if you're single and looking to hook up, this resort is not the place to go. I saw about maximum 3 or 4 single guys/girls there that looked single and they might not have even been single.A great place to go with spouse or girlfriend though as long as you both like to sun and drink. They have a casino close by that that's about ten tables-unless you're desperate to play BJ or craps it's not worth it. OverallI would go back to LTI for the money if you can get a cheap flight to DR I would recommend it. If you have any additional questions- email me at Fneedles_2000@yahoo.com.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>LTI Beach Resort - a great place to relax My friend and I spent a relaxing, fully enjoyable week at the LTI Beach Resort from Dec. 31 through Jan. 8th. After reading several negative reports about this hotel, we arrived, a bit apprehensive about what we might expect. I have only one question to ask the nay-sayers. What hotel did you stay in? The LTI is a wonderful resort with excellent, friendly staff, beautiful grounds, exquisite beach and very nice rooms. The food was varied and well prepared. The buffet was huge! The Italian restaurant was great - lots of variety in pizza and always a speciality pasta dish and several varieties of lasagne along with the salad and antipasto bar. The Bucaneer was great for lunch as it was very informal and right on the beach. Also handy to pick up ice and ice water. New Years Eve was special with all of the decorations and the added zest for that special holiday. Although we were dead tired from our very early morning flight, we had a great dinner and felt that the resort went to a lot of work to put on a super evening. We were concerned about the supposed rules for attire, but we found out that as long as you were tasteful, there was no problem. New Years Eve tended to be dressy, but for the most part, dress shorts, slacks, capri pants, skirts and nice sandals were worn by most guests at the buffet. Most gentlemen wore long trousers for dinner. Who can blame the hotel for wanting bathingsuits covered up and something a little more elegant than flip flops in their dinning room? Common sense is the best course of action. We were delighted by the large number of huts available at the beach. As a habitual early riser, I never had a problem getting my favourite location under a hut by 7 a.m. There always seemed to be availability. Some complain about towel insufficiencies - never had a problem getting a towel. Of course, if you wanted to change towels several times a day, then, perhaps you found a shortage as the hotel has to have time to launder the towels. Shopping on the beach was quite an experience and bartering is the expected. We were approached once by the yellow shirted time-share gurus. When firmly told no, they did not argue or pursue discussion. Our maid was very helpful - the pillows are thin, but all we had to do was ask for a second pillow and it was provided promptly. We received flowers in our room several times over the week and our fridge was kept well stocked with water and sodas. If you want your toilet to work well, cut down on the quantity of paper you feed it. Same rules you would use with a septic system. Above all, when travelling to a foreign country, leave your biases at home. All countries are different. Appreciate the natural beauty of the geography, the culture of the people and the bounty afforded by new experiences. Accept the fact that home is home and travel is travel. If you want it just like home, then stay at home. I'd return to the LTI Beach Resort in a heartbeat - loved it.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>rebelface1
<Content>Loved LTI Beach Resort For all of you who are reading this and wonder what all the fuss is about regarding this hotel, i dont understand it either.But I returned from LTI a few weeks ago and it was amazing. The grounds are beautiful, the rooms are clean, the beach is one of the best in all of the dominican and the staff is as friendly as you treat them!!Here is another note, i did not just visit this resort i visited a few of the resorts around our hotel, haha yes snuck into thesm since i had friends staying there. The princess was nice but way too big and had hundreds of drunk teenagers running around, one almost died the night i was there at the princess!! can you believe it.The thing about the LTI is that there are lots of couples and Lots and Lots of germans,(Its German Owned) come on people do your research! i traveled by myself to this resort as a single female and met some amazing people, sure i dont speak german and everything was fine, i met lots of english speaking people whom i hung out with, went on tons of excursions by myself and had a blast!! I caught a 70 pound marlin while i was deep sea fishing !!I am not sure why people who go on vacations complain about resorts but this one is definatively one of the best i have stayed at!! The food was fine, i found something great to eat there everynight, the buffet was good, and they have two other restaurants to choose from which werent too bad.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good and bad This place is one of the best places I have been. The sea was amazing, the sand really soft and palm trees, coconuts. Absolutely good. Obviously there are gona be some bad points as this was not a perfect holiday.The food was ok. The Italian restaurant was not that good, my local chippy provides more of a choice, and the buffet was good. They did a Mexican theme night, and that was the best food there. BUT the best food served was at the 24 hour grill place, they made grilled chicken that out does Nando's!!! Trust me, I loved it!!They also sell lobster - not the red ones, but the green ones - not included in all inclusive, but don鈥檛 have it, it鈥檚 too expensive and you don鈥檛 get Ur moneys worth. The disco is nothing exciting; the staff 鈥?who are really friendly 鈥?are mostly the only people in there. Music err鈥as not my cup of tea, mostly merrengy or what ever it was called. The Casino was good! Even though it is over populated with staff and half of them cant speak English, it鈥檚 a good place!!The beach is good no matter where you are, but get there early because the good spots go quickly. Excursion is a must!! The quad bikes is great, people who have been will know - the cave is beautiful! Not sure about the banana trees! Don鈥檛 do the safari, waste of money, and it just leaves you absolutely exhausted. What you must do is diving; it is an experience that will stay with you for a life time.One bad this is the people who have their stalls!! They are always trying to sell u something!! Even when you say u don鈥檛 want it!! England, England. Yes you. Come buy pretty necklace for your wife. That did my head in!! Especially in the market place, every store is identical, no really, Identical. And yet they approach you insisting to come in to their shop!! It really ruins the whole idea of a stroll into town!DO NOT BUY THE SHELLS, they are crap!On the whole I rate this place 8/10  
<Date>Jan 13, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>If you have other options pick another resort I visited Lti between Dec 21 and 28. It was the X-mas week and I knew it. I went with my brother.The resort and accomodations were fine. But nothing to extravagant. Maids were not that great. Only the beds and towels were changed, it did not matter whether we left a tip or not.Food was ok, in a sense that we did not get sick, but nothing too special. The food did get much better on the last 2 days we were there (more selection, tastier offerings).There is not food at night except leftover sandwiches and shitty soup. If you want to eat after dinner pack a snack from the dinner buffet.Majority of the staff with several exceptions seemed moody and spoiled. They were somewhat disgruntled, some would even mumble something under their nose when you made normal requests. The facade came down pretty quickly.Watch out for pushers in yellow shirts which will try to sucker you into a Tour of LTI time-share property or if you don't seem like a VIP they will offer you drugs (but dont say anything to anyone...)Weird....Also be careful when buying anything from vendors inside and outside of the hotel. Wooden figures which i ended up getting for US$11 were offered to me for US$120 initially. They won't let you take a catamaran by yourself unless you have a license.The disco -----. There was no one there for 6 out of the 7 nights. There are two discos which were suggested: The News and Mango. I ended up not going to either but heard mixed reviews of Mango.A quick visit to the Resort to the left: Ocean Blue revealed many shortcomings of our resort in terms of service, facilities, staff, food and bars. BTW if you flip your wristband to show white you can get service at Ocean Blue as some of their guest have white wristbands. But the much more preferable thing would be to stay there :)Overall I would not recomend this resort to friends. Look for one of the better known chains. Ocean Blue btw seemed awesome.Paul  
<Date>Jan 8, 2006
<Rating>2	1	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Caribbean_Expert7
<Content>2005-2006 review Date: Jan 3rd 2006We were my wife and I, my 14 month son and the 2 parents of my wife on a limited budget.We are writing this comments as we are still staying in the Hotel. Here is our feedback after 2 weeks:Hotel population: 40% German. 30% Italian, 15% French Europe/Canada , 10% English Canadian/US, 5% misc. What is good:- Small hotel (only 450 rooms) therefore a bit more personal.- The food is good, knowing that it's all-inclusive, breakfast are usually the same every morning at the Mirador, but you can vary what you eat due to the choice of dishes. Food at the Hestrela del mar is excellent. European touch cooking. - The swimming pool is HUGE !! 3 in total.- Nice people working there, The Animacion people are nice and good with the kids, but lazy sometimes.- They are expanding to include a golf course in their list of activities.- Silent air conditioning and fan in the room. Helps when you want to sleep!- Every day refill of your fridge with pops and water.What is bad:- Lots of problems in the rooms, air conditioning licking, old and broken bathroom appliances, Toilette flushing not always working properly, TV not working, defective electrical outlets, only one very flat pillow per bed and no additional in the room. The rooms need definitely a good refresh!- Don't supply face/washcloths. Bring them if you need.- Swimming pool area for kids (the 30cm area), the bottom of the pool's concrete is peeling off and can be dangerous for babies' feet.- After 1 pm, it's very hard to find a clean dry towel at the swimming pool, they are always out of stock.- Said in the ad that they had a spa. It's not even built yet!! The Spa section is some bear brick walls hidden by wooden boards. I guess it will be finish in 2 to 3 months or so.- The beach is still the Atlantic sea therefore you have waves, seaweeds and a swimming distance away from the shore of about 150 ft only. Then you cross the buoys and you are in the powerboat path! And there are crazy! But it is not too bad after all. The hotel is right on the beach and the quality of the sand is remarkable comparing to some of the other hotels on the island. - Useless personnel at the guest service. They dont know the answer of half of your questions and suggest only the places they get a commission from... I guess...- The worst of all, we saw cockroaches crawling on the floor in the main restaurant during the dinner. We went to talk to the General Manager on the hotel and said, in a very impolite way, that was impossible and waked away!...prick...! The problem is not the little cute bugs but THE MANAGER!Punta Cana  surrondings52 Hotels side by side, nothing to visit unless you go outside of the hotel area.Bavaro market, $6.00 away by taxi and we found a market of about 200 little stores selling exactly the same things with on commission locals who are over soliciting you to buy something in their store. By the way, you can barging up to 70% of the asking price!! Don't be fooled!!Tricks  Tips- If you are interested in this hotel, check first the VIP section called the Cayena beach club, you can get a way better service that the hotel. Try to talk to Gilles, client manager of the Cayena.- Go to the beach market instead of the Bavaro complex, they are nicer people and the prices are the same.- Best rooms are in the block 5 from room 5115 to 5129 or 5215 to 5229 facing the ocean.- insert a old phone card in the electric auto shut-off located next to the door in order to keep your electricy in the room running. Good when you charge your laptop or want to kep the room chill with the A/C.- Don't drink to much Pina Collada, it's a laxative! ouch..- Don't take the lobsters from their loster night, they are tasteless, overcooked and expensive.- If you rent a car, watch the road they are full of BIG holes, specialy next to new construction area.Bottom line, ok hotel for smaller budget. Great hotel if you have kids.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>sithvixen
<Content>Pretty good hotel for the price!       Sea Kayak  
<Date>Dec 18, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>little2
<Content>Surprisingly good! Just returned from LTI Punta Cana. We were happily surprised at this resort. We had a bad experience last year at Bavaro Beach Resort which was horrible. We found LTI to be very professionaly run  every inch of the property to be immaculate. Staff was helpful and friendly w/out going overboard which can be annoying. Grounds are lovely; beach is gorgeous w/plenty of chairs  palapalas for all. The resort is layed out in a manner that allows easy access to everything w/out walking long distances. I would caution people w/small children that the water is very rough  I didn't see any children in the water for the week we were there. However the pool was huge w/plenty of places for children to play. The food was ok but we didn't expect gourmet anyway. You will never go hungry since there are plenty of choices. We ate lunch at the beach bar everyday  the grilled chicken was great. Rooms were more than adequate and cleaned thoroughly everyday. This resort is very quiet which is exactly what we wanted. For those looking for a lot of excitement, noise, etc this would not be a good choice. But for a relaxing week on a gorgeous beach, the LTI was a good choice for us. The bottom line: we would return.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Keep looking for another Hotel! We returned from the DR on the 8th of December. I think I would return to the DR again but would not stay at the LTI if you paid me. The food was terrible. The grounds and rooms were average. Service was hit and run. When I go on vacation, I enjoy our meals and usualy look forward to them. I honestly dreaded getting hungry...Yes, I always found something to eat, but never enjoyed it. Fill up at breakfast!! Not much variety in food from day to day. You could tell things were Recycled. YUCK! The italian resturant was a joke. The entire menu was pizza with odd toppings. The had a tiny buffet in the italian resturant with warmed over pasta and warm salad. The cheese and meets are different than US. I guess it depends on how adventurous you are. My Husband who Will eat just about anything, was not impressed. He was sick for 3 days. Could not leave the room. I was glad to know it was not just me. Actually, We met a few people who got pretty sick from either the food or the water. Bring your own cup!! They rinse them in a sink at all the bars and re stack them....unbelieveable!! I read the reviews and noted that people said TIP the room maids and wait staff for better service. I shudder to think of the service we would have received if we did not TIP. Rooms were not even made up til around 4:00pm. Anyways, go at your own risk. But look a little further into some where else. It is your money and your vacation. Don't you want to enjoy it???  
<Date>Dec 9, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best Trip of our life!! I just wanted to write in a say how much we enjoyed our trip!! Despite some of the other reveiw I had read. The hotel was amazing. People were overly friendly, if thats possible and the sevice was excelent!! We also had our wedding at the Lti and I would recomend it to anyone. They made it so stress free and relaxed. My wife and I both just loved it. We had a few things we needed and they were more then accomadating and helpful. I hope everyone has a great time. If you dont its your own fault!! Enjoy!!!  
<Date>Nov 17, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Had a good time My boyfriend and ILTI and had a great time. Wasn't sure what to expect after reading some negative reviews and some positive reviews. It rained off and on 4 of the 7 nights which I didn't care as long as it didn't rain during the day. Here are some basics of the hotelRoom: has 2 twin beds pushed together to make king. I slept great every night. A nice balcony with table and 2 chairs and line to hang up towels, bathing suits, etc., tv only gets about 5 channels in english, you need to get a remote from the front desk. We rented the safe for $2/day ( well worth it) Bathroom very nice with big mirror and marble shower. No irons, bring your own.Food: I am NOT a picky eater and even I complained about the food (to my boyfriend of course) The Italian Restaurant was yuck. I learned fast I didn't like the Dominican cheese. El Mirador is the best for breakfast and supper since they offer the biggest selection of food. Lunch I recommend El Bucanero since it is the only restaurant you can go in with bare feet and bathing suits and also it is right next to the grill that has Hamburgs, hotdogs (not american) chicken and french fries. Some of the food you just have to risk trying. The desserts are excellent. Drinks: I only had 2 alcohol beverages during my stay. The Banana Mama and Pina Colada. They are excellent! My boyfriend only drank Presidente's and Black Rum and Pepsi's. Beach/Pool: Beach and Pool are the most beautiful I've ever seen. Beach has some seaweed, but softest sand I've ever felt. Don't bother looking for seashells there are none! There were days when we didn't get to the beach until 10 am and there were still plenty of lounge chairs available. I have medium pale skin and I wore spf 50 and still got a good tan. Be sure to bring your own sunscreen, it is $27 in hotel shops.Entertainment: The activities crew works very hard to make people have a good time. We participated in beach baseball, salsa dancing, meringue dancing, yoga,pilates, and volleyball. It was really fun! If you win a contest you win a free bottle of rum at the show at nightime. We didn't leave the resort except for walks along the beach. Also went wind sailing which I recommend..really nice. Only non-motorized water sports available with all-inclusive. Hotel did offer Banana-boat rides (which looked like a lot of fun) for $5 I think. Shows at night were great. The activities crew work every day all day and all night from 9a-12a. Two of them even got married on the beach during our stay :) and still had to come back to work during night. They are very fun, young, nice people. Shopping: There are shops located on the beach if you walk towards your left down the beach around the corner. Good place to buy souvenirs but beware of there offering prices. You have to bargain. Our representative told us to offer 60% less than what they ask for....they ask for ridiculous prices becvause they think all americans are rich. no need to exchange your american money. Bring small bills for shopping.Overall: I don't think I'd go back to LTI just because there are so many more places I'd like to visit. But......in 20 years if I decide to go back to Punta Cana I would go back to LTI.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A wonderful week We stayed in the Cayena section of the LTI resort and our room was amazing. Beachfront view from our patio, comfortable beds, crisp air conditioning, and my favorite was the lovely marble bathroom. I found the window on the door and the shutters that opened to the room charming and the tub alone was almost the size of my whole NYC bathroom. I would have liked a few more bottles of water in the fridge each day, but asking for a couple extra when passing the bar was minor.GROUNDS - Were well-kept and clean although simple in design compared to some other resorts (we walked through plenty of other resorts to check it out). It's not as new as some of the hotels more north on the beach, nor as grand as the Princess hotels grounds, but they keep up well the repair and grooming. In fact, we both said this looks like Orlando to some of the newer, more American-populated hotels. I appreciated the un-Florida-ness of the LTA grounds. The LTI lounge chairs were newer and more comfy than many other hotels. We were able to get the same spot on the beach every day even if we didn't get our towels out until 9:30 or 10.PEOPLE - It is a German owned resort so a majority of the guests in the LTI section are German or French. The Cayena section was predominantly American and according to the staff usually is. We interacted more with the staff and people we met in town than other tourists, though. I speak a little Spanish and my boyfriend is a native Spanish speaker so we did not experience the same barrier many speak of. However, it bothered me to see a few people speaking to the staff in forceful German or English as if the staff was stupid for not being fluent. They are all bilingual to varying degrees but they are working class people from a Spanish-speaking country! We are in their country. A little bit of effort goes miles toward a week of pleasant interactions. The bartenders and waitstaff in both the Cayena section and main buffet restaurants were so friendly we even got a couple mini-parties on the last day. The timeshare guys on the beach can be pushy but they speak 3 or 4 languages so are the easiest to have a conversation with (and therefore get them to chill out on asking you to come see their presentation).WEATHER - We arrived just after a week of rainy weather and Hurricane Wilma passed south and west of us, so it was perfect all week. Sunny every day with a few brief tropical showers.FOOD - Liked it. I am a certified NY restaurant snob and I had resigned myself to a week of turkey sandwiches but was pleasantly surprised. Eating lunch in the Cayena section restaurant was a big plus because the lunches seemed to be the weakest in the LTI restaurants, but in the Cayena restaurant you can get duck, scallops, or a cubano sandwich. El Bucanero always had dependable chicken (moist and perfectly grill-kissed), ribs, baked potatoes, and hot dogs. The buffet restaurant had different themes each night and while the Chinese night was perhaps questionable the Dominican night and Seafood night were excellent with local dishes, produce, and catches. Whole suckling pig? Shrimp that was just pulled out of the ocean? Desserts made with Dominican sugar cane? Yum. We also went to the Langosta del Caribe restaurant off-site for lunch one day and it put New England style lobster to shame. The rest of the meal was eh and touristy but the lobster itself... muy rica. The LTI specialty restaurants were only OK and not worth the effort to make reservations. The drinks were pretty good. Sometimes too strong, once or twice a little smooth, but you can ask the bartender to make it with less alcohol. The boyfriend loved the Mamajuana so much he asked 3 bartenders to whip up their own version for us to take home. Fresh local fruit was available always.If you have an adventurous streak, walk to the road from one of the little tourist shop areas and flag down a guy with a moped. Whether buzzing around more rural roads or going past the Plaza Bavaro into the town area of Bavaro, it feels more like a foreign country. You can also go dancing with a better variety of people and music AND find souvenirs to take home for 1/4 the price as near the resorts. Parasailing = worth the price charged. Horseback riding = while the lengthier sunset ride looked like a great time, the prices were the same as taking a longer ride in Hawaii which made no sense.We will be going back next year.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lou
<Content>Just returned, great trip to LTI       from our balcony  
<Date>Oct 25, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>looloos
<Content>Not so great We have just returned from the LTI Beach Resort and before going I had read the reviews (some good and some bad) I went with an open mind knowing that you cannot go on some one elses opinion.This hotel is a german owned hotel and so most of the guests are german, the rest of the guests are predominently spainish, french, dutch or american, the english are a very small minority with about 4 couples being english the whole time we were there....We found most of the staff to be unhelpful and sometimes rude especially in the buffet restaurant, of course there were the odd few who were very friendly and helpful but they seemed to be in the minority..I would recommend all the restaurants apart from the buffet it got a bit repetitive and boring, but the italian, fish and el bucanero bbq restaurant were excellent.... All alcoholic drinks were far far too strong and tasted just like pure alcohol, the only decent drink was the presidente beer which my boyfriend tells me was excellent..The rooms were clean not outstanding but nice enough...The downside was that we had complete rain for one week, which never let up for 7 whole days, and when this happened there was nothing at all to do on this resort, everything here is based around the weather and when it rained we were forced to retreat to our room and watch the tv..The massages were great they did them in a hut on the beach, the beach was beautiful and so was the pool... The shows at night were absolutley rubbish, and seemed to be made up at the last minute we had 2 decent shows in 2 weeks.We made our holiday good and did enjoy ourselves but we would definitley not recommend this hotel to anyone and wouldn't go back, there are definitley much better hotels in the Dominican as we saw when we picked up other people when we were going on trips and the LTI looked the poorest and smallest...  
<Date>Oct 22, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Beach We booked at the last minute and had a great experience. We found the staff to be very helpful and friendly. There were language issues, but we have come to expect that since we don't speak Spanish. If someone didn't understand us, they always made an attempt to find someone who spoke English.We did experience rain almost every day due to a tropical depression in the area, but it didn't prevent us from having a good time. We were able to get at least several hours on the beach every day. The beach is fantastic. Beautiful white sand, warm water and generally perfect.The food was good, but as we have found at every all inclusive somewhat inconsistent. There was always enough of a selection to find something we liked. As far as the specialty restaurants go, I would skip the Italian. I am a good cook, used to real Italian food, and they didn't make it. The other restaurant was good.The beds were comfortable and the rooms were clean. We had no trouble getting adequate water which had been a concern because we have had that problem at other places.We were there during off season so we had no issues of too many people or not being able to get a palapa on the beach.We would definitely stay at this resort again.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awesome!!!! I just returned from a wonderful vacation at the LTI Beach Resort in Punta Cana and let me say this resort was amazing!! The beach is absolutely beautiful. The food is great and the staff was wonderful and the presidente beer on tap was out of this world. I had the best time. I got a killer deal to go there $499.00 per person all inclusive. Many of the negative reviews cause me to scratch my head because I did not have a single problem while I was there ( 7 days). If you want an awesome vacation and can get a really good price the LTI is just right. I cant wait to go back.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very very Good palce My lovely wife Theresa and I went there in May/05. Supberb place to be, and we will go again.The only thing I find IDIOTIC is the long pants and dinner La-di-da shirt you have to wear.HELLO...... We are in the Carribean! We do the other all the time.Please let us relax.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I would have to be paid to stay here again !!! Please let me start by saying, I am not a diva, but there are just certain things a person expects when you're on vacation.Problem number one, the first nite we were there we called for more water, bc the jug they left us in our mini bar appeared to be opened and we also asked for a few more towels, (they only left us 2). After over an hour of waiting and 3 phone calls I called down to polietly ask what the problem was, and I was hung up on!!! The situation was finally taken care of,but I was already unhappy at this point. We were not informed that this was a German owned resort, so my friend and myself along with one other woman we met were the only Americans there. So needles to say I've had my fill of topless women and men wearing Speedos. You could never get a towel at the pool, regardless of how early in the morning you went, and if by sometime in the day you were lucky enough to acquire one, it did not appear to be cleaned. If you were able to find a chair, it was probably broken, most of them were. I walked down the beach to some venders and passed another resort, with chairs to spare. The food was not good, I'd reccomend a crossoint for breakfast, and the burgers at the grill are not bad if you load them up with ketchup. The staff is polite, and a lot of fun, with the exception of the front desk. They act like they are doing you a favor by letting you stay there. The rooms were not impressive at all, but it's not like I spent much time there. We were supposed to have 2 double beds, so imagine our suprise when we walked in to find two twin beds pushed together. I haven't slept in more uncomfortable conditions since I was a freshman in college. When checkout time came we called down to the busboys twice, only to have to carry our bags ourselves. We had been sure to tip everyone so why they didn't come I have no idea.Needless to say I was ready to get out.On a nicer note the pool area and grounds are beautiful, and so is the beach, it was probably the most relaxing few days I've ever had. As long as I didn't think about the customer service, or lack there of, I made an effort to enjoy myself. We made friends with some of the Germans, but most of them seemed to want nothing to do with us. So if you are an outgoing person (like my friend and I) I would not recommend this place if you're looking to meet people and have fun. I will return to Punta Cana, but it will be as far away from LTI as possible. If you have any questions please feel free to email me.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2005
<Rating>1	3	1	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Family fun in paradise We just returned from LTI and I must say it was much more than I expected especially after some of the bad reviews I read before we left. The hotel grounds are a bit older and smaller than most, but they make up for it with very pretty trees, flowers, and beach front. As most said, you need to get up early to find a covered spot at the beach, but no one bothers anything after you leave your towels. The sun is hotter than anything you experience in the states and 30 to 50 spf has little effect on it. Our whole family went (two boys and two girls all 14 to 24) and there was plenty to do and plenty to eat and drink. You could walk the beach, kyack, snorkel, but windsurfing for our teenage boys was a hassle because they wanted to sell them lessons.... The vendors on the beach were the cheapest buys we found anywhere after a bit of negotiation. Rum, coffee, and vanilla all go for about the same price unless you a buying in bulk.We took a few rolls from the buffet when we snorkled and it produced awesome results. The snorkling area is small, but you can still see a lot.The rooms were nice, the service was great, and our Vacation Express rep was very helpful. We took the Jurassic Expedition inland and it was awesome. We brought bags of candy bars, pencils, toothbrushes, and other goodies to give to the children as we traveled along. It was definitely worth the $78 per person. The airport was a bit confusing and there wasn't much help available. The bus into and out of the hotel was great. My wife and I worried some about the toplessness on the beach, and there was plenty, but it was never a problem.We did an All-Inclusive at Breezes in Jamaica 10 years ago and this was acutually a better bang for the buck. Like any vacation, there were a few glitches, but overall this was a great trip. We were all part of a very cultural experience and it has changed the way we think of the world.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Basketjoys
<Content>What a great place!!!       LTI Lobby Lounge  
<Date>Jun 1, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We will never go back! My husband and I went there recently, No one spoke any english! The food was so terrible, i was sick the last to days i had alot of gas in the stomach and the pop is so run down with water so they have more of it. The beach was nice alot of naked women that shouldnt have there top off! It rained most of the week. Everyone that works there hounds you to spend money and they give you a self pity trip! IF you want a nice vaction check out St. Thomas thats so much better!!!  And my husband and i arent high maintence at all and we would never even think about going back there, My stomach still doesnt feel good and weve been home for a week now! Hopefully this is helpful please email me with further comments!  
<Date>May 20, 2005
<Rating>1	1	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Michael082477
<Content>Great Place!!!! 1st thing I want to write is, this is the 1st time I have ever visited a caribbean Island so I am what you might call naive to this type of place. However, after saying that, this place was awesome!My girlfriend and I went May 6th-9th and let me tell you we were not ready to leave. EVERY employee at this resort treated us with nothing but respect. They were very helpful and couteous. The one thing that was a little probelem was the language barrier. As some other reviews state, it is a good idea to learn some basic spanish but we got by fine and we know about 5 words/phreases betwenn the two of us.As for the actualy resort, it is small and you can see everything within about 10 minutes. The pool is beautiful!!!The shows were not the greatest but they were at least entertaining. I ended up on stage one night so that made that night better.The rooms were nice but not luxurious. To me and my girlfriend this was a very nice resort but this si the 1st all-inclusive we've been to so that made everythibng better. I'm sure there are nicer resorts but I would definitely go back to LTI, however we want to check other places out so that probably wont happen but it's not because we were unhappy.Oh the food, the 24hr. bar is really good. We ate many hot dogs and the chicken was seriously out of this world. Not sure what kind of seasonings they used but it was excellent.One thing we forgot was bug spray and my girlfriend got bit up pretty good.I left a lot out so if you have any questions I'll seriously be glad to answer them. Just e-mail me at mike082477@yahoo.com. I'd be willing to give you more specifics if needed. We are a young couple so if you want a younger point of view feel free to e-mail me.  
<Date>May 16, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Traveled without Adam We just returned May 13th from Punta Cana, LTI Beach Resort after spending 4 nights/5 days. We were very worried after reading so many poor reviews of the hotel/workers. Our travel from the Punta Cana Airport to our hotel went extremely smooth. The hotel workers were very courteous/friendly and couldn't have been nicer. Our room was very clean but the bed a little uncomfortable. I do agree with the other reviews with regards to the bathroom door and the windows on it. A little weird but we made do. It would have been awkward if another couple had been with us but it was just my husband and so no worries.I will start with one of my bad reviews, the food. Please do not expect good food from LTI. Very awkward and not very good tasting. The service was excellent but food not good at all. I ate Corn Flakes and banana every morning for breakfast and a homemade donut(delicious). Coffee is probably the worst I've ever tasted, but I drank it. Lunch wasn't much better at the buffet. I will say this, the beer, Presidente is absolutley delicious. Dinner was pretty much the same, same food as the lunch buffet. But I must say, I didn't really go there for the food. It was more for the beach/alcohol and our 20th anniversary. There are 2 on-site restaurants there are not included in the All inclusive and you must make reservastions between 7-10 am. I wouldn't recommend either of those. This is a must, that we were not informed by our travel agent, men and women both must have long pants and short sleeved shirts and NO NO NO sandals. WOMEN, not open toed sandals. We were screwed out of going to Dominican Night in the buffet and you also need those for both restaurants. One little mishap on our 4th night at 10pm while we were sound asleep, the front desk gave a couple just checking in the same room key as our room. Thank God we had the chain on the door because the door came open and we about, you know what, in our pants. I called the front desk, but they were like, oh, no big deal. I guess that's the whole language barrier thing. If you do one thing on your trip, you must do the Jurassic Safari and please ask for Poppy Julio for you tour guide. He is awesome and so was the adventure. Also, please, while on the excursion, the children run towards the truck and they are just waiting for anything you can give them, pencils, crayons, coloring books, toothbrushes, gum, lotions, etc. The country is more poor than I ever could have imagined but the children are extremely happyy.Believe it or not, my husband and I had a great time. The beach is more beautiful than I ever could have imagined, especially Macao Beach (public beach) on our safari. Beer is unbelievable and the waiters and bartenders are awesome. I don't think I'll go back anytime soon but I am very happy that we did. Parents taking childrean, beware that it is a TOPLESS beach, more so at LTI because they are German/Dutch owned. I was very happy we didn't take our son. I don't have issues with it if that's what you like, but it's not what I would have wanted for my 7 yr. old son to experience. All in all, had a wonderful time and I think everyone should experience it but you definitely have to have an open mind.  
<Date>May 15, 2005
<Rating>2	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>AMAZING TIME hello all, my family and i have just returned back from this resort yesterday and we can not stop talking about the amazing time we had there. the Anamacion workers are great. EVERYONE there is so friendly and attentive to your needs. I have NO complaints. I loved it and i will definetly be returning there again in the future! I miss it already!  
<Date>Apr 30, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great family getaway Just back after 2 weeks at the LTI. Had a great first vacation in the DR. Left Edmonton after a spring snowfall of 6 inches and -21 to +34 in one day! Our flight ,Air Transat arrived with an Air France flight so the line was huge going through customs approx 1/2 hr. Have tourist card filled out BEFORE you get there. A passport is better than birth certificates and drivers licences as this held up the line. Check tour company signs for bus number then proceed to the parking lot to find it. No need to take any adventerous excursions as the bus ride to the hotel fit this bill. If you arrive at night 1030 pm as we did the reception went extremely quick with only a handfull of guests. Our rooms were in the first building #s 1205 and 07, 1 for Mom and Dad the other for our two teens. Rooms were clean use a plastic card ie zellers point card to keep air conditioning and electricity working when you take your key. No bugs or mozzies but discovered the worlds largest cockroach before my wife had the shower, place a towel by the front door to prevent unwanted creatures. The shower only dribbled out and you loose pressure at peak times ie morning and just before dinner. Tipped the maid a buck or two to ensure she would clean our rooms in the morning vice 5pm. You only get a 7up and a pepsi along with a 4lt jug of water. No problems finding variety of food at ala cartes or buffets you could survive on just the deserts. Keep your beach towels at the end of the day to place them on a lounge chair at 6am or your out of luck. We went to relax and get a sun tan and we certainly achieved that. Don't swim with the dolphins as it is 95US for two minutes and a picture, we were warned and did not contribute to the animals plight same with the horse back riding, we went as horse owners and found the animals overworked, poor tack and as fun as the safeway horse ride. The ride will cost you 50US per pers for two hrs at 4 - 6 pm on a beach bring jeans and be prepared to get a bit dirty. We had no problems with the staff a little spanish helps. Say mucho ron to get a stiffer drink, tip and use the same bartender for great service. The beach venders are left up the beach we could usually bring them down 50% as they over priced the items anyway ALL cigars are cheap imitations for those so inclined better price at the airport duty free when leaving. Check out at noon means your sitting around the lobby until you leave for the airport 6 1/2 hrs for us. Have 20US for departure tax. The same for having your luggage overweight you have to pay cash in US or DR peso. Using travellers checks is fine at the hotel as you can get US in change. Only one case of GI (me) for one day bring Imodium. We definitely would recommend staying at this hotel for a budget oriented stay.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2005
<Rating>4	3	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Beaches Just got back from a vacation at LTI. I was a little nervous, because of some reviews I had read. We had some problems and were not very happy. First, when we arrived, reservation in hand, we were told no rooms available. The hotel was overbooked. Of course, we had to stand there for 45 minutes, with no one explaining the situation. They just suddenly said We are sending to to ____ Hotel for the night. You will be brought back here tomorrow. End of discussion. So, we went to the other hotel. OK, it happens. Try to go with it. The other hotel was quite nice and we had a pleasant evening. Got ready to go back to LTI. We were told the bus would pick us (and the 8 other couples that this happened to!) up at 1:00. We stood there for an hour before it showed up. Got back to LTI and our room STILL wasn't ready. They told us to go to the pool for an hour or so, and then it should be ready. Of course, you can't do that, if you have no towel, which you can't get without a room key!!  After 1 1/2 hour wait we finally got our room key! Once we got in our room and unpacked, it was a very nice hotel. The beaches were beautiful!Food was ok, nothing special. Rooms were cleaned every day and the employees were all very nice except for the front desk. They were rude and acted like it was our fault that they sold out too many rooms. Not happy with the free safe key for a week, as compensation. Also, they fail to mention that you aren't allowed to wear shorts and flipflops for the buffet dinner. We had to go and change clothes (we were in shorts and Tee shirts). As I said earlier, the hotel and beach was wonderful. Employees need a lot of training on customer service!!! Would not recommend this hotel to any of my friends!Not Happy in Philly!!!  
<Date>Apr 17, 2005
<Rating>2	4	3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>missey81
<Content>Had a great vacation, but........ After reading all the reviews about LTI, I was a little nervous about going.We did have a great time, but some of the reviews were correct. #1 VERY IMPORTANT: My husband and I, my very good friend and her husband, and my brother stayed at the Cayena, which is a small resort off the LTI Beach Club. There are only 47 rooms in the resort compared to 447 at LTI. It is an upgrade from LTI that is run by Interval International. When I booked three rooms from Interval, one for us, one for my friend and one for my brother, no one explained double occupancy. The average traveler might think that double occupancy applied to the room and even if you were one person, your were paying the same price for the room, OK no problem. However, NO ONE bothered to explain that double occupancy meant double all inclusive. Yes thats right... he had to pay for 2 all inclusive meal plans. So instead of paying $460.00 he had to pay $980.00. We have been to resorts in Santa Domingo, and La Romana, and this was the first time that this happened. SOOOOO.... be sure to read all the FINE print. It was on the confirmation, the very end of the confirmation, so we lost the battle. If you are traveling solo....be sure to check!From what I saw at the LTI, it was primarily German and French. The Germans are very rude, but if you don't let them bother you, you won't have a problem. Cayena is primarily American families. The food at LTI was o.k. at the main dinning area. We had one meal that was not so good, very salty, but not bad. Breakfast and Lunch we had at Cayena, and it was OUTSTANDING! According to people who work there, dinner hours were starting April 10th, so if you are staying at Cayena, there will be no need to go to LTI. The seafood rest. at LTI was good, but we paid extra for the steak and lobster. It was worth it. Did not make it to other areas, but heard Italian was good, and EL Bucanero (not sure of spelling) was good. Out of our group of 5, 4 of us got sick. My husband was the worst with vomiting and diarrhea. We had been taking Cipro as a precaution, but he still got sick. I was told that it was due to a type of irritable bowel syndrome due to eating food without preservatives. Because our bodies are not use to it, it takes time to adjust. Not sure, did not last more than a day, BE SURE TO TAKE IMMODIUM WITH YOU. The beach was OUTSTANDING! There are many huts with chairs, but if you want a prime spot, get up by 6:00 and put your towels out. No one touched them, so if you were worried about other peoples thoughts on the subject, don't be. The weather was great also. Sun is very warm, so be sure to pack the 45 sun block.Rooms were ok at Cayena. They were a little bigger that the normal room; small sitting area, and bedroom with 2 double beds. Nothing spectacular. I really did expect more, but who stays in the room when on vacation.......not me!Not much to do at night, but you can walk to other resorts or take a cab to where ever you want to go. After being in the sun all day, we really did not want to go out at night. Did not see any mosq., and no one talked about malaria. My friends husband did have bites of some sort on his hand, not sure from what. He stayed more at the pool than the beach, so just not sure!All in all we had a really good trip. Vacations are what you make them. Would I go back to that resort....no. Would like to see other places. But if you are going, I am sure you will have a good time. If you can upgrade to Cayena, it is worth it.Any questions, please feel free to e-mail me at henry8@rcn.com.hola chicos!  
<Date>Apr 11, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved this trip!       View from veranda  
<Date>Apr 10, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Time; family had fun; food so-so My wife, three sons and I just returned from a 7-day stay in Punta Cana at LTI. Overall, we had a really nice time with wonderful weather. Highlights for us were the pool and beach, while the food was only so-so.ROOMWe had a deluxe room since we were a group of 5. Our three boys (ages 10, 7, and 4) had a separate room with 2 beds and a pull-out couch. We had a king bed in the main room. We had a great view of the ocean from our balcony. They stocked the fridge with soda and bottled water only. FOODThis was far and away the weakest part of LTI. I overheard someone say everything here has a taste, and that's dead on. Everything, right down to the bottled soda, had a funky taste. The Pepsi tasted like it had ginger it, all the cakes tasted like rum was added. So, if you like to experiment, you'll get your chance, if not, you'll be fairly limited.Breakfast was good, with make-your-own omeletes, eggs, bacon, sausage, and donuts as the highlights. Also, the grill at the El Bucanero had good meats and fairly normal french fries.SERVICEEveryone had a great attitude. The Dominicans absolutely love kids. The maid did an adequate job, but was not exceptional. The servers at the restaurants were fairly lax, but got around to you eventually. Tipping helped, but you got someone different every day, so we didn't quite see the point.Our transfer arrangements to and from the airport were well organized (we used Transglobal Vacations).POOL/BEACHFor our family, this was the best part of LTI. The pool was wonderful - there were perfect shady spots for the young kids, and nets and basketball hoops for our oldest son. The water was always warm and was generally not that crowded, except over the weekend.The beach was absoultely gorgeous. The waves were manageable for all but the yougest kids. We didn't obsess about reserving chairs, and managed to find shady spots later in the day. If you're a major beach junkie, you should probably take others' advice and get there between 6:00 and 6:30 AM.MISCELLANEOUS POINTS- Our kids liked the kids club and Bea did a great job. Another family told us there were days when the other kids and teacher spoke limited English.- As other reviewers have noted, there are lots of Germans there. We just found it easier to bond with other English speaking people. So, we weren't bothered too much - other than guys in speedos everywhere (AHHHH!!!!!)- I had nasty stomach pains 2 of the 7 days I was there - not sure what caused it, but Immodium A-D helped. Everyone else was healthy.- We saw virtually no bugs.- Internet is available for around $6 US per hour. This was a great way to stay in touch.- We never left the resort, but another family told us the monster safari tour was really interesting.Overall, we really did have a great time. However, we probably wouldn't go back because of the limited food, and hesitation about leaving the resort with kids.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great beach getaway My girlfriends and I just returned from a beautiful 5 day vacation to Punta Cana. I was a little worried about going after reading some poor reviews but this trip was one of the best I have been on. We booked through Funjet Vacations out of Detroit. We arrived on time and were quickly shown to our bus to the hotel. Check in at the LTI was no problem. We did have to wait for our room about an hour, just enough time to check out the grounds and get some lunch. Our room was the building fartherest from the beach but with the most spectacular view of the grounds and ocean. We were able to sleep with our doorwall open everynight. The beach is beautiful. If you would like a lounge chair and a hut, I would suggest getting out there around 6:30 am to place towels on chairs. No one will bother them or move them. There are no clocks in the room so book a wake-up call then go back to sleep. As for nightlife, there is none on this resort. The disco at LTI opens at 11 pm and is pretty much cleared out by midnight. The last night there we were taken by cab ($6 US) to the Munga Disco located at another resort (I believe it was the Occidental resort). We arrived at 12:30 am and there was still a line to get in at 4 am when we left. It is $6 US to get in but that includes one drink. There are 2 levels (only the bottom one was open on this Monday night). They play great native and american music that gets everyone out there dancing. The food was wonderful. Even my friend who is a vegetarian found enough to eat without a problem. The grounds are beautiful. I would watch out for the bugs. I got a ton of bites (my 2 other friends got none) so I would suggest some bug spray especailly if you are on the beach at night. Have fun and enjoy. I would definetly return to the LTI.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>blally
<Content>Good trip, Ok Hotel My girlfriend and I just got back from the D.R. after staying at LTI from March 20-24, 2005. Overall the hotel is about 3 stars. We had a very good time but the beach and weather had more to do with our good experience than did the hotel. This hotel (and most in the DR) is mostly European. I would guess that the hotel was 80-85% Europeans (approx. 60% German, 10% French) and 15-20% American/Canadian. This creates a very european atmosphere at the hotel, which was fine with us but may be a problem for some americans. Of special note: many europeans go topless at the beach. Here's the breakdown.Beach: 5 Stars-the beach has beautiful, soft, white sand and crystal clear water. The current is not very strong and it is very safe. The all inclusive package includes all non-motorized sports. I would encourage eveyone to take advantage of the free sailboats and kayaks. We paid to go snorkeling but didn't see many fish. *NOTE: the hotel has a bunch of cabanas but you need to get up EARLY in the morning to reserve them. Early means before 6:30. Rooms: 2 1/2 Stars-Our room was clean and had a nice view but other than that I was a little dissappointed. I have stayed at hotels all over the world and would not classify our room as anything more than average. Pushing two twins together to form a King is not my idea of luxury. That being said we didn't spend much time in our room and the room was otherwise adequate. Free bottle of water and pop in the fridge was nice. Grounds: 3 1/2 Stars-The ground were very well kept. They were clean, and pretty but not overally impressive.Staff: 3 Stars-The staff was satisfactory and nothing more. They didn't go out of there way to be helpful but they were not rude either. It appeared that there were several activities for children which would be nice if you have kids.Food: 2 Stars-The food was the biggest dissapointment of the trip. I tend to be a little critical of food, but my girlfriend and I agreed that the food was below average at best. Here is a breakdown of the food by restaurant. By the way: both of us got sick, which is odd for me. I have been to Mexico 7 times and never got sick so go figure.  Mirador: This is the main restuarant open for breakfast, lunch and dinner. While this restaurant had a variety of choice, many of them were not very good. The breakfast was satisfactory. I would stick with the croissants, bacon and cereal. The eggs and ommletes were good somedays and undercooked others. The fruit was ok. For dinner, I would suggest the pasta and bread. They had decent deserts. We did not have lunch here. No reservations needed. Snack Bar: The snack bar was disappointing. Yes, you can get a hamburger or hot dog at any time of the day but the burger was overcooked, on an oversized bun, and had no cheese. And no, cheese is not an option. The hotdog was equally bad.  Bucannero: We didn't eat here much since the food didn't look so great. Although you could make your own ham and cheese. The deserts were pretty decent. No reservations needed. Trattorio: Probably the best meal we had at the hotel was at the Trattorio. My pizza was different but good and the pasta was also pretty good. The desert again was good. Reservations needed. Note: You make the reservations the same day at the Mirador between 7:00 and 10:30 am. Seafood Restaurant: We opted for the all inclusive meals instead of the ala carte. The all inclusive dishes were very ok but not great. We purchased a good bottle of wine which was nice. Reservations needed.Bottom Line: I would not reccomend this hotel. If you get a great deal on it (like we did) you can roll with the punches and still have a great time. If you paid a lot of money you will probablly be dissapointed. If you are planning a trip check out the other options.Feel free to email mep.s. we paid a cab to take us to Santo Domingo (3 hours each way). While it cost 150 dollars I would highly recommend it to those who want to taste the culture of the Domincan. Driving through the country and exporing Santo Domingo was a highlight of our trip. I tend to be adventurous but would strongly advise NOT renting a car.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2005
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>MaloTraveler
<Content>Had a great time         
<Date>Mar 25, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ajane
<Content>Great trip! My friend and I stayed at the LTI Beach Resort from Mar 6-10. We were both nervous about the place because there have been so many negative reviews. However, we ended up having a fantastic trip--only wish we could have stayed longer.I didn't have any problems with getting sick, although I came armed with Immodium. We mainly at at the grill for lunch and the buffet for lunch and dinner, both of which were fine. Breakfasts were probably the best at the buffet though--fresh fruit, omelettes/eggs made to order, breads. We did have dinner at the Italian restaurant--La Trattoria--which was okay, but nothing special. We chose to go back to the buffet for our last dinner because we liked having more options.The staff was incredibly friendly. True, those at reception during checking in and out were not the most congenial, but we only had to deal with them twice, so that didn't affect our trip at all. The cleaning people, groundskeepers, waiters, and bartenders were all charming and a little spanish goes a long way with them. The rooms are standard--nothing too special. We stayed in building 4 on the first floor and liked it. We didn't have a great view, but then we didn't come for a room with a view--we came for the beach! They were clean. We loved our cleaning lady--she brought us extra pop every day after we had requested it the first day. We did find one very large bug our first night, but that was the only bug we saw. I did have a problem with bug bites though. My friend didn't get bit at all and I had bites all over.Although we didn't really participate in the daily activities, we watched the nightly shows which were fun (not incredibly professional, but we loved them nonetheless). We also did go to the Club at night, which was tiny and few people attended. I had fun dancing with the animation staff--they really do a good job of getting you moving! I did leave the resort one night to go to Mangu, the club at Grand Flamenco, which I recommend if you are looking for a more hopping night life. It stays open very late, plays a wide variety of music, costs $6 US to get there via cab, and $6 US to get in. I had a blast there.All in all, for what I paid, this trip was a fabulous value. I would definitely stay at LTI again.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>themarkel
<Content>March 2005 Trip Report Hotel is a good 40 minute drive from Punta Cana Airport, we flew in at night so could not see much along the way.The hotel has a large open lobby, marble floors and two out of six ceiling fans that actually work. Two gift shops ($35 for suntan lotion)and a cigar store are off the lobby.There are five buildings three floors each, of approx 40 rooms each, all have either a patio (1st floor) or balconies. Only building 5 has actual ocean views on one side. Most have views of the enormous pool and garden area.The main buffet restaurant serves breakast, lunch and dinner.Breakfast: This is the best of the three meals - made to order eggs and omlettes, European style pancakes (crepes), fresh fruits, pastries, numerous types of bread and rolls (excellent), cheeses, cold cuts, yogurts, cereals, bacon or ham, sausages, awesome potatoes!!, various milk shakes and more. A++ for breakfast.Lunch: Sometimes great pork ribs (not like those in the US though), but always a fish dish, salads of all kinds, cold cuts, rice, a pasta station, awesome desserts and more.Dinner: almost the same as lunch, but Turkey or beef or chicken, a pasta station not really much change from lunch. There are themes to each nights food but one would be hard pressed to differentiate them.There are two Specialty Restaurants that need reservations made at breakfast of the same day. You can eat there more than once. The Italian Restaurant is really just a Pizza Place with a small salad bar, a couple of pastas and deserts. there is even a surcharge for some of the Pizzas!!Best bet is to go here at lunch time - no reservation needed and various pizza by the slice offered.The Seafood Restaurant offers four entre choices, a fish, a pork chop, a chicken breast and veal slices - everything else - steaks, lobster etc have a high surcharge. Chicken and Pork chops were excellent. Slow service but good food.There is another buffet near the beach that offers a much smaller selection of the main buffet. There is also a BBQ shack attached that is open from 11am to about 6am. Burgers, hot dogs, chicken, sliced beef, sausage and grilled vegetables.There are bars all over the place - Main Buffet only offers beer (only Presedente - the local bear), wine and sodas. Drinks are more than strong enough and they just keep coming.The rooms are large tiled floors mainly with twin beds pushed together to make a king, color TV ( 20) HBO, Showtime, CNN and various sports networks and french, spanish and german stations. a small refridgerator (ours did not work well) with a gallon of bottled water and a Pepsi and 7up in it replaced as used, NO IRON  BOARD, bathroom has a dispenser for soap by the sink and shampoo in the tub, DO NOT DRINK THE WATER FROM THE FAUCET - YOU WILL GET SICK!!. The bathroom door has glass windows in the top half - different! also, no wash cloths offered.The beach is wonderful soft white sand with a slope into the water that is warm and even 20 feet out is not more than five foot deep, tons of huts to sit under, however by 6:30AM most all the prime ones have been taken with towels placed on them. Do not be shocked by the many topless women at the beach - very European.Watersports are offered with hour maximum daily on snorkelling and kayaks (singles and doubles), Hobie Cat has to be sailed by a member of their staff however. You can walk forever along the beach, to the left about 10 minutes are about 20 stalls at a flea market prices are absurd even when they expect you to bargain down 25 - 33% of the asking price. $25 for a Tee shirt at best you can get it down to maybe $10. For the more adventurous you can walk to the right about 40 minutes to TOWN but again prices are very high with few exceptions - coffee $3, local cheap rum $8 for a litre otherwise same ridiculous prices. Lots of women offering $10 massages.There is nightly entertainment put on by the Animation Team very funny worth a giggle you need to drink heavily to appreciate this though. These same guys and girls work all day long getting guests to participate in everything from arobics to volleyball.There is a very small disco open from 11pm to 2am but we never went and from what we heard from others neither did too many other people.Buy a handpainted Tee shirt from the gentleman at the pool $12 - $14 a true peice of art!We took a tour with Jurassic Safari an all day tour that leaves at 8:30am and returned around 6:30pm. You get to see the country to say the least. The people live in absolute poverty most do not have electricity or running water. Women collect water from dirt puddles and wash their clothes along the river. Children rush out to the street for you to throw them candy or when stopped to ask you for a dollar. They bring you to a Gift shop/Cigar store (very expensive), a typical Dominican House, lunch on a ranch (very good food) through a very small zoo with photo ops with a monkey, parrot, tarantula and snake, a walk across a cable bridge, a dip in the river, then off to a stall to buy rum - good prices, then through a sugar cane field and to the beach to boogie board. Alot of fun, alot of driving though. Our tour guide REGO was the most knowledgeable guide with answers to everything one could come up with. Beer, sodas and rum are offered constantly.A couple of nights various sellers come to the hotel and set up stalls there prices are sky high, yet mainly the German and French tourists will spend crazy money on stuff it seems.To summize: the hotel is good, the food is fair, the staff are friendly, the grounds are meticulously kept, the beach and weather are great, the agrovation of trying to buy something was not worth the effort though - the attitude of the sellers is disgracefull only topped by the attitude of the GERMANS (tons of them) and FRENCH - they push in front of you in a line.A very relaxing 7 days but will try somewhere else next year though.email me with questions papabear02649@yahoo.com  
<Date>Mar 14, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wished we'd stayed longer We spent a week there, from 3-10 March, and would have stayed longer if we could! It has to go down as one of the most relaxing, hassle-free holidays ever. The check-in around 6.30 pm after a 10 hour flight from UK was very smooth, complete with welcome cocktail, and we were unpacking in the room within 10 minutes. The standard rooms are fairly basic, but functional. I believe the superior ones are a bit better. We were at the end of the 2nd block, on the ground floor, so the outlook wasn't fabulous (onto gardens) but it was conveniently situated for everything, and quiet. Blocks 4 and 5 have a better outlook but apparently a bit noisier. The food was more than adequate, although the buffet gets a bit repetitive. If you're smart, you never have to have the same thing twice, because there is a huge variety of dishes. Breakfasts are about the best spread I've ever seen. We ate in the a la carte restaurant just once, and were a bit disappointed with the service, although the food was good. The trattoria was good for lunchtime pizza, and the 24hr grill was great for burgers/chips at almost anytime. Drinks were quite adequate. The 24 hour all inclusive is a really good package, and the water/soft drinks in the rooms are restocked regularly. Pool and beach are wonderful - except for all the shade chairs being reserved from early in the morning. The entertainment team is enthusiastic, but not very talented. We didn't bother to stay awake very long at night. It would have been nice to have had more live music, with more of a Caribbean sound, to dance to - but this didn't spoil our holiday. I had a massage one afternoon, 30 minutes for $25, which I thought was very good. The facilities are generally well kept and clean. Check-out was also particularly trouble-free, taking about 5 minutes!The only jarring note of the holiday was the $80 each we paid to take a trip to Saona Island. We didn't think it worth the money. The catamaran cruise back was basically no more than a very loud, frenetic booze-cruise. Do go along if you're under 30 and you want to knock back as much rum as possible in 90 minutes. The time on Saona Island was fairly pleasant, but no more so than the beach at LTI.Can thoroughly recommend this resort for good value, comfort, and an all round pleasurable experience.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Ottwatraveler
<Content>Very small and relaxing resort We just returned on Feb.26. 3 of them are there for the second week and will enjoy the sun a little while longer. No problem with check in. One group had their room before the 3:00 pm check in. We had to wait until 3:00pm. No big problem. Just relax with a drink at the Lobby bar. The Front Desk was very friendly and accomodating... We had a room in building One, which I do recommend. Very quite. Not a far walk from the pool, restaurants and beach. Pool was WONDERFUL... Get up early as everyone reserves chairs... So I went with the flow and always got the five chairs under a hut...Food: there is always something for any food preferance to eat. Breakfast was great, omelettes, eggs, bacon, toast. pretty much anything you would want. Lunch: you have your choice of the buffet ( which we never did), the grill; chiken was great, burgers, fries, hot dogs, the pizza was great at lunch at the italian restaurant ( thin crust and many choices). Dinner: we tried it all, Italian restauarnt was good, seafood restaurant was great. We paid for the great seafood and steaks and the buffet was also very good. You always had a wide variety. There was roast beef, wonderful turkey, pasta every night if you want... Great desserts always... Beach is beautiful. I walked a couple of hours everyday... It was always windy, which I did enjoy. We, unfortunately had a couple of days of no sun and rain... Oh well, nothing you can do about that. No real good shopping. VERY pushy vendors and not much choice. My only really bad comment was the housekeeping. They did not reach our room until 5:30pm. At this time we were always napping and our neighbors were getting their kids ready for dinner. was not a convenient time to be cleaning rooms.... Some days they only cleaned half the room( made new beds but did not touch the bathroom). The nightly shows were the same as every other resort. Very amateur... But still a nice time to enjoy an after dinner drink. I saw that the children enjoyed the earlier show that they were all involved in. The disco was quiet, but for a $6 cab ride, you can find a few good party spots. Try the Casino at the Princess Tower as well, only a five minute ride and free shuttle. I enjoyed this resort because it was small and quite.....I read all day, which is exactly what I was looking for. It seemed to be a great place for families as well.. We found the ENTIRE staff very friendly. The language barrier was not a problem. they were always very friendly with us.. They get you up to dance at the outdoor night and the Manager's cocktail party. Would I go back. No.. This is for two reasons: I saw other beautiful resorts there that I would like to try and I also like to go to different islands every year. BUT, if you are going, you should enjoy yourself. the International blend is great. Canadians, Americans, Germans, Italians and South Americans. PS. saw mosquitoes only on th first night and none of us got really sick. Just a few upset stomachs... Take Immodium and that should do the trick...  
<Date>Feb 27, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>MissVaca37
<Content>Best Trip of My Life! Just returned home from LTI on Sunday Feb. 20:I seriously don't know what any of you people are talking about! LTI was probably one of the most fun vacations I've EVER been on! I really was scared of going for a while after hearing all of the people getting sick from the food, but not one person out of our group of 8 got sick, not even a little bit.LTI is an international resort so it is hard for them to cater to all people. Being from the United States, I wasn't used to all the food being cooked differently, but you can't be picky! Try new thingsIt was a challenge for me to communicate to other people. Even though I speak French Somewhat, it was still extremly hard. I liked having to force any words I could remember, it was alot of fun!The ANIMACION CREW is so funny! I don't know what my vacation would be without them! If you go you will absolutly love those guys/girls. I espically loved Edwin(Aka.Blondie) becuase he was always making me try new things. All of them speak English, german, French, and spanish pretty fluently. Alexander(hes new and SOOO adorable) Its still learning so hes mostly all Spanish. The Animacion crew was always planning new things; dance lessons on the beach, volleyball,working out, ping pong, EVERYTHING! They also plan the evening shows. They ARE very sexual shows, but you have to lean back and relax! People take things so damn offensive and it ruins the whole joke. You havet to remember these people plan EVERYTHING themsleves, and get paid very little. So appericate what you can and it will be a lot more worthwhile.TIPPING IS A MUST!!!! Agin people are extremly poor in D.REveryday we left 3 dollars for the maid, and we left the waiter 2 or 3 dollars. Everytime we went to the bar, I would tip them a dollar. they become to reconize your face after the second day and will treat you like royality! The maid at the end of out vacation would always fold our towels into fun animals, and leave flowers and such. She was very thoughtful.Because I speak English, it was hard for me to speak of languages to people, even french. A simple hola when you see the maitnance men, tourists, or any workers was greatly appericated.The grounds of this resort were AMAZING!! It was so pretty and well laid out. the beach is amazing! The prettiest white sand I've ever seen. the pool was Gigantic, I Miss it way too muchFood wasn't 5 start, but not bad at all. As i said be daring and try new foods! Make sure your chicken is cooked all the way!With the drinks they were pretty strong, so unless you like tasting straight RUM in all your drinks, tell them to jsut put a little bit in. BANANNA MAMMAS are a MUSt with this vacation, I have had AT LEAST 70 in the past week!We stayed in the Cayena portion of the LTI. If you are staying there you will love it. The rooms are amazing and you have the prettiest views. THEY DON'T HAVE WASHCLOTHES, so bring your own if they are a must to you.Internet service is avaliable. Its about 6 dollars for a 1.2 hour. They don't have AIM so if you use that give your friends and family members a e-mail address to keep in touch.CASINOS!! were alot of fun! They have a nightclub inside of the casino at the Princess resot (free shuttle will take you every hour) A lot of the young people went there at night. The only thing: if you are a slot player this is NOT the casio for you, They rip you off BIG TIME. i stuck with the black jack and had awesome luck at that!All in all this was an unforgettable vacation, I cannot WAIT to go back. If you have any questions AT ALL, please feel free to e-mail me ( KQ4u88@aol.com) Please title your e-mail with the subject about LTI in some way. I DO have pictures, so you can see for yourself how beautiflul this place truly isHave an awesome time if you are leaving soon for Punta cana!-kelley  
<Date>Feb 25, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>seekingsun
<Content>Great Spot to relax We just returned from the LTI and had a great trip!! I wish that I could still be there now in the sun with a drink in my hand. The resort is not a huge complex.... but I've never liked those anyway. The staff is great and they always have a big smile for you. It can get a bit windy at times so it feels like your skin is fine.... till you shower!!! The sun is very intense, so bring lots of sunblock. I burnt with 30 on the whole trip, but I guess you'll know your skin best. The bathrooms are fine with lots of hot water and good pressure. If you like to use bar soap, be sure to bring some as they only provide a gel that is a 3 in one!?!?!? I always bring my own shampoo and conditioner, but you might consider soap too. I did need bug spray at night, they like my ankles best. I'm not sure if these are mosi bites, but they do itch!! The food is good with lots of choice's, we never went hungry. The drinks are a plenty and man are they potent!! We went to the disco 5 out of 7 nights and there were always people in it. I guess it just depends on the crowd you get that week. Nikolas, Alex and Edwin will be sure to get you out and dance... these guys are great fun to hang out with. We have been to many resorts over the years and found this one to be great, afterall, a vacation is what you make it ; ) Enjoy your trip!!!BTW we did not take any pills, or get sick.... so please don't stress too much. I think we all get so worried after reading these that we forget to do what we're ment to on Vacation.... RELAX  
<Date>Feb 24, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Acapulcotimes
<Content>The best vacation resort! Just got back from Dominican Republic, LTI Resort!Will definetly return! Food, location, pools, rooms and the staff were excellent in every way, a 5 Star to me!The group!  
<Date>Feb 24, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic I have just returned from the LTI, with my partner and to be honest after reading all the reviews I was dreading going. So I am writing the truth..The hotel consists of mostly German/Americans and French. The grounds are beautiful and maintained to a high standard the pool is huge but I still recommend getting up early it reserve your towel next to the pool as by 12 they are all gone but only half being used! The beach is out of this world and a few shops about a 5 min walk away.The Room was wonderful really spacey, cleaned everyday and fridge re-stocked when needed (including 4 litres of water and fizzy). The activity鈥檚 staffs was ok to everyone apart from us I found them rude and very un-helpful we suspected that this was down to the fact they thought we were spoilt English rich kids when actually we had saved for months! You can hire beach towels and apparently do some volley ball etc.The reception staffs were the same and after a ten hour flight I was least impressed but to be honest who goes on holiday for the staff!The food this is what I was really concerned about but it was fine we spoke to our rep who told us the hotel had had a problem with this and had sorted it over Christmas, so there is a big worry lifted. They have many different ranges to choose from. I recommend the pizza and bbq. The waiters were really friendly and appreciate the attempted use of Spanish!.In general would I go to this hotel again... YES would I recommend it ..YES  
<Date>Feb 22, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Dont listen to the doubters! I keep looking at reviews saying it was terrible! I have no idea what these people are talking about. LTI is great! The weather is fantastic, the people are great, if you talk to them and make them laugh they are soo friendly! The food I personally thought was good!!I think some people are looking for perfection, and they will never find that! If you want a fantastic holiday with great weather, sand, pool and activities then stay here!! Im definately going back!!  
<Date>Feb 21, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tiger99
<Content>Best Beach Area HI, we just got back from a week at the LTI. Overall we were satisfied. The only reall complaint we would have would of been some of the food. It is a german owned resort and lots of germans stay here so they do cater to them a bit more with the food. The buffet - we liked the breakfast you can get omlettes, eggs, pancakes, crepes, bacon, cereal,fruit and tons of other german and dominican things. For lunch and supper the main course changed every day so we liked it some times and not so much other times the pasta was good each time we had it. Now the ala carte restaurants were so so the italain one the menu is just pizza and then you go up and do buffet style for the rest. Us personally did not care for the pizza. It's thin crust pizza there but it's just not like at home. The other ala carte was what they call a seafood restaurant. We ate there twice. One side of the menu is included in your all incl. the other side you pay in us dollars if you want something from that section. There is not a whole lot of seafood on the incl side. There is four main dishes to choose from and then soup  salad as well.We liked the food we had ordered just wish you could of gotten steak without having to pay extra. The snack bar/grill was pretty good for the most part. Hamburgers, hotdogs, chicken, ribs, baked potatoes, fries, etc. it changed a bit each day as well. Always burgers and fries though. One thing this resort is lacking in their snack bar is stuff like popcorn,nacho chips and salsa, appetizer type things. We found latter in the evenings we were craving things like that and could not get them. Only burgers, hotdogs  fries for the most part.The lounges were great with the drinks quite strong so you sometimes had to tell them not so much. The beer we quite liked and the COCO LOCOS.The nightly entertainment we enjoyed it was quite funny at times.One night we had dancers from Santa Domingo come and preform they were great. The rooms are clean nothing super fancy but nice. The beach in front of Lti is super nice we think it was the best part. Now if you want a beach hut you have to get up at the crack of dawn to save one. We never did. But we saw lots of saved ones. Saw one saved in front of us one day and noone came the whole day we were there. We never had trouble finding 2 lounge chairs. All in all we were satisfied with this resort. Would we stay there again probably not just so we could see other properties and have more variety of foods we may like.It is definately not a bad place to stay. We never got sick once. Didn't have any stomach trouble till a bit when we got home. Did get lots of bug bites though. I have over 30 bites on my legs. Husband has some as well. Don't really know when we were getting bit. Saw some bugs but not tons. Well if your going there have a great time we sure did. Ps. they don't have washcloths in the rooms, and you need lots of sunscreen!  
<Date>Feb 21, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice and relaxing We vacationed Jan. 28 - Feb 4th. A group of 6 went. The LTI is a small resort on the beach. The beach was beautiful. The grounds were very well kept, the rooms were spacious and clean (although one of our rooms had trouble with their sliding glass door to the balcony).The food was good. They have restaurant choices so its not always the buffet where you have to eat. The BBQ had hot dogs, hamburgers, fries, chicken, ribs etc.Entertainment: Although we went with adults, the children did look like they enjoyed themselves on stage. The adult entertainment I found to be very dull. We did find it difficult to communicate with the staff at the LTI. Not many spoke English.Everyone has a different plan when they go on a vacation. Our plan was to relax. Therefore our vacation did meet all our needs.P.S. 2 out of the 6 were ill with vomitting. It didn't last long with one but did for the other. (it was food related and not alcohol)  
<Date>Feb 14, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Dennis07
<Content>Had a great vacation My wife and I just returned on Feb. 11 after a 2 week stay. We have stayed at various resorts over the years ( Bali, Cook Islands, Fiji, Mexico (X3), Hawaii (X2)Cuba (X3),Barados, St.Lucia, Canary Islands,etc.)This was our first time to Punta Cana. The beach is a long stretch of white sand and you can walk forever.There is a coral reef approx. 800 meters off shore so there is little undercurrent but the water is choppy and full of sand so no snokelling. The pools are great. The accomodation varies and ours in building #5 was wonderful. It was clean and had a fridge with drinking water provided. We took our own water bottles to fill for travel as water is provided in large 4 liter jugs. There are plentiful loungers but need to be early for the good spots. Most of the guests were from Germany , and Canada with a few from France and USA. The staff always tried to understand our English and were very helpful and we got to practice a bit of Spanish, French and German. The food was very good as they feed approx. 900 people 4X per day.Lots of variety and the service was excellent. There is a grill going 24 hours per day.The beer is good but the wine is not so good. Two annoyances-the entertainment was often crude as they tried to embarass guests and guest smoking up wind with no consideration of others. Overall it was relaxing, the service was great, the food was plentiful and a wide variety of choices, but the entertainment was often too crude for most people.   
<Date>Feb 12, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>All in all, a nice vacation... My wife and I recently returned from Punta Cana, Dominican Republic from our all inclusive week holiday. With the malaria scare, Norwalk virus scar, and numerous poor reviews from this site, we were a bit worried. But, after all, we were VERY satisfied with the quality of service, comfort, and food at the LTI Beach Resort.The LTI is good value for your money. Keep in mind this is an all inclusive resort that is marketed as a 4 star (more like a 3 陆 though). If you want a beautiful beach, comfortable hotel, clean rooms, and safe food for a low price... LTI Beach is your resort! There isn't a fitness facility however this forced up to walk the beach each day - a great way to start your day.The entertainment was great however are for the most part in German (there are a LOT of German tourists). The shops are a bit pricy but this is to be expected. Considering Health Canada quarantined a number of flights returning from the DR the week we returned we were glad we were at a hotel that pays attention to the health of their guests.So for all you who gave this resort a poor review, come on the LTI is a great value! Don鈥檛 expect 5 star quality from a 4 (or 3) star resort. Because of the malaria scare they 鈥渇og鈥?each night鈥?my wife noticed there are no bugs however no birds or flowers (all dead from the chemicals I鈥檓 guessing).Cheers,Kelly from Calgary, AB, Canada  
<Date>Feb 6, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Time We unfortunately were delayed for two days in Boston first due to blizzard. Once we arrived we were so excited. The resort is great, beach is awesome. The food is pretty good. It's not that the food itself is bad, it is just food we are not accustomed to. The fruit and veggies are awesome and so is most of the food. No one on our trip got sick at all. There were 7 of us. You definitely cannot drink tap water but everything else is fine. Ice, drinks, etc. I think the people who get sick are in the sun (which is indeed strong) too long combined with the fact that they are on vacation and drinking alcoholic beverages. Also, like I said the fruit and veggies are awesome so you tend to eat alot of them. Combine all three and you could need immodium. However, not one person on our trip had any problem whatsoever. The people at the resort are tremendous. The kids club is great for kids under 12. They do alot with them 10-12 then again 3-5. There is a mini kids show at 8:00 then adult show (which is fine for kids of all ages) from 9:30-10. Everyone at the resort was so kind. Rooms were find (not 5 star quality but absolutely fine). The grounds are awesome as well.We went parasailing and snorkling (for additional fee). That was fun and well worth the money. You can book with travel team at hotel or on the beach with Pelican Tours. People definitely try to get you to do things like beading hair (do not pay more than $40 for whole head) or tatoos (temporary) but if you say no they leave you alone.Just remember, if you go to market on beach for trinkets, you can bargain with them. They all have a special price just for you but you do not need to pay anymore than 1/2 of what they initially ask for.Over all, we had a super time. Don't hesitate to email me with any other questions at dmd7018@yahoo.com  
<Date>Feb 4, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Never ever again This resot is terrible not sure how it is rated 4* it shoud be 2*+ maximum 3*, I was there january 9 2005 and the pool was freezing it was impossible to swim, the food was terrible always cold, the service is very bad no one communicates in engish, the rooms do not get clean every day, the beach is ok but to many people try to sell you something and do not leave you alone, the entertaiment is a joke,overall just a bad place to go, wouldn't go there for FREE.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jmj
<Content>Had a great time Was at LTI from Jan 9-16 and had a very nice time. Went with another couple and both found that there was a good selection of food.. You can order your eggs any way you want them or have an omlete just tell them to cook it more. Yes alot of staff has little command of the english language but what do you except you aren't in america but with your english and using your hands you will get along just fine. We did find the entertainment a little boring...but then we have been to alot of different resorts and they are all about the same. Beach was beautiful and lots of shady areas the pool was nice but on the cool side. As far as people getting sick there is a virus going around at all the resorts and not caused by the food. As far as the vendors taking Canadian money what a joke we in Canada wouldn't taken Domican peso so get real, however they do take American but I got the impression that they prefer Dominican. Enjoy the resort.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Never ever again First off let me say that we are not new to travel in the Dominican Republic. We have been coming here for the last 25 years and have visited at least 19 resorts. I do not have high expectations and want North American service, accomodations or food. What I do want is a decent bed, food that does not make me sick and surroundings that live up to the description in the brochure.We booked with Air Transat holidays in October. Also booked and paid for Club class. Check in was wonderful, thats where the club class happiness ended. The seats were uncomfortable and the food was the pits. Our luggage which was supposed to come off the plane priority came off with everyone elses. Not that I want to be a snob or anything it is just when you pay $600.00 more for a service you should receive it. It will be interesting to see what happens on our return flight.The resort itself sucks, the food sucks, everyone has been sick and no one seems to care. I wish I had the the reports on this site before I booked. I am now warning everyone who comes to this place come prepared with heavy duty medicine not Immodium, that is not strong enough, go and get a script for Lomotil a lot of it..Don't worry about the mosquitos, the wind is so strong here they can't fly around it is at a steady 20- 25 km an hr with gusts stronger. And the rain let me tell you that my husband and I timed it , there was a rain shower every 30 min or so ALL DAY LONG. I realize that the wind and the rain is not the resorts fault. but that adds to the lack of enthusiam I have for this holiday. The bed is like lying on a slab of concrete. the pillows are a mini slab.Both my husband and I got sick the second day here and it is now day 7 of a 14 day holiday. I think I am starting to feel human again. The first two nights I felt as if I was giving birth to an elephant . I have never had such abdominal pain, after the third day of eating dry toast and pasta i decided to try my luck with real food and that is when the rest of the wonderful montazuma visited me and remains to this day. There are many many many people here that are very sick and I can only wonder as to the reason. This has never ever happened to us before in our 25 years of travel to our beloved DR.The food:all i can say it is a minus 1 on the 1 - 10 scale The dining room is so dark I think that they do not want you to see the same thing day after day, after day, after dayThe surrounding; again a 1 on the 1 -10 scale. I realize that a hurricane came thru here last year but the only evidence of it was a few of the tops being off the coconut palms. If you want wonderful surroundings go to the Bavaro princess, Catalonia, Carabella Bavaro or Venta Club. I am stunned at the resort being called stunning. What is that all about..We went to the Princess yesterday and it is as beautiful as ever and it is right next door to us. So hurricane be damned.The reception staff have generally been great, the barmen so-so, the wait staff in both restaurants are great.After this experience I think that I am too old for this crap any more ( pardon the pun) and I will go to Florida from now on. You can be deceived by glossy photos in the brochure, and on the internet.Please ,please heed my advice about the medication required if you journey to this resort, also please be sure to take out, out of country health insurance and bring along a credit card because the hospitals and or doctors will not accept anything but cash or credit card.If you have any questions please don't hesitate to email me at beckytonner@yahoo.comP.S. I am still down here and will return Jan 22 (hopefully)  
<Date>Jan 24, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Try another resort The beach is OK but you need to head on down to other resort areas to enjoy some boogie boarding. The items that they claim are free to use on the beach is only when the red flag is not flying (I'm sure it happens once or twice a year). The food is OK but there are only two places to eat other than the a-la cart resaurants which charge extra for anything that isn't offered at the buffet anyway. I met a few people who were very sick from the food inluding my better half.The entertainment is poor and there is very little to do at night here. There is virtually nothing other than local drinks and the service is poor.Quite a few of the resort staff do not speak english so communication is challenging.The only reason to go to this area is the beach as there is very little other than this to do and all the trips off the resort offer the same boring low quality routine for a fair chunk of cash.A very poor exchange rate is offered for canadian funds which are very difficult to use here.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Horrible On a good note the beach was pretty and the hotel was pretty. 95% German....nobody....I mean nobody there could speak English. More than one occasion some of the guests told me that they hated Americans. The food was awful, not just because I only like the food in the US, because I do quite a bit of traveling, the food was just really bad. They served mashed Potatoes for breakfast, and you needed a strainer to get rid of the water on the eggs. The Italian restaurant you make reservations for served only Pizza. The few Americans and Canadians we met also hated it there, so all the down time seemed to be about complaing how un happy we all were . We had booked the vacation for 2 weeks... so after 4 days of staying in the room watching tv, we complained to our representative and we were able to be transfered to the Barcelo Bavaro Beach resort, which was wonderful. I now this sounds very american of me, but on the beach all the fat people were topless and wearing Banana hammocks. I was trying to relax by the beach, and there was these monster germans rubbing sun tan lotion all over their sagging breasts. Also the little kids run around naked I mean no bottoms or tops. I was trying to eat my scrample egg soup and there's this 4 year old completly naked playing with herself. I think not.......  
<Date>Jan 20, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>LTI was GREAT Some people I think are just too picky! My husband, 15 year old son and 12 year old daughter just returned Jan 17th. We had a great time!We went for sunshine and warmth, being we live in Minnesota we don't see much of that in January. The resort was better then I had expected after reading reviews. The food in the buffets wasn't fantastic, but we didn't starve. The drinks were not to my liking but we brought our kids so I didn't plan on doing alot of drinking anyway.We went to every show and thought they were all great! My daughter participated in every one, and had a blast!The beach is beautiful, the weather was warm and gorgeous! I'd go back to LTI again. I miss it already. Also, we never saw a fly, or a bug, just a few salamanders, (not sure on spelling)Any questions feel free to e-mail me and I'll try to help.nelbon2@aol.com  
<Date>Jan 19, 2005
<Rating>5	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>WItraveler
<Content>Great time can't wait to go back!!!! Just returned from the LTI on the 14th from a one week stay. We were a group of 23 (family and friends) ranging in age from 15 to 53. Of the23 of us our only complaint was that we could not stay longer. We allhad a great time. I have no complaints on the food there was alwayssomething good to eat. As far as the flies go since the restaurants areall open some flies are expected but I would certainly not say that theybothered any of us. We did have a few stomach issues in the group butnothing that interferred with our fun and that is to be expected with allthe different types of foods and fruit drinks. I contributed mine to toomany Bahama Mama's in one day. We all felt the staff was great. We had a great time with Edwin fromthe Animation team and Jose the bartender from the Lobby wasexcellent. Our last night there was his 22nd Birthday and we all sangHappy Birthday to him. I am so glad that I did not overly concern myself with all the negativereviews and I have to wonder what made some peoples experiencesso different from ours. This is the first time for all but 2 of us to stayin an all inclusive resort so we do not have anything to base it on, but like I said earlier the only complaint from this group is that it isallready over and we have to wait a few years to return again.Overall we all loved the Dominican Republic and would highly recommend it to anyone and we all agreed that we would stay at theLTI again.  
<Date>Jan 17, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Watch out for the bed bugs The LTI Resort in Punta Cana had some good and some not so good aspects. first the good. The Dominican Republican is a poor but beautiful country and I was impressed with the natives. The beach was awesome and we enjoyed relaxing at the beach.The food was plentiful and yet the quality was marginal. Be sure to pack plenty of intestinal medicines as many people were sick and the resort doctor was making a bundle of money each day.Upon our return to the USA, both my husband and I had bites all over our body. A visit to the doctor revealed that we had bed bugs while at the LTI. This was a huge disappointment! We were in Room 3119 so try not to get that room. This was very disappointing as we spent a lot of money to go to this resort.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Never again I will never go back to LTI because of:a) My family (wife and 2 daughters) and I have struggled with flies during our meals. I must admit, we not always were winners!b) The food was dull (not a big deal) but risky, as we spent at least one day suffering with diarrheaNeed I say more?  
<Date>Jan 13, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pretty Good Really, it was a good time! My boyfriend and I went to get away from the cold of the Northeastern US from Jan5 - 9. I'll get right to it. Beach- Awesome! A little windy but Awesome! Food- good, not supperb, but good 24 hour Grill by the beach bar is good for lunch and snacks. We didn't go to eat, we went for the beach and sun. Rooms- Nice no problems w/towels, safes,bugs,nothing. Drinks-oh yeah, bring them on! Be careful of drinks with coconut water in it, Natural Laxative!!! and yes the ice is fine just not the water from the sinks. Brushing teeth is fine too just don't drink it. Bottled water complementary in fridge. Drinks were really good. Front desk people OK they just have to deal w/lots of people w/ all kinds of attitudes and accents. Melting pot of cultures and languages. Staff funny and nice. Cayena Time share is next door and they do try and soliciate. Just say no thank you or nothing at all and keep walking. Nothing bad like most of the reviews I've read. Over all good time. Very relaxing!!!!!!!! Try the Massages only $40 for 1hour!!!!! Excellent!  
<Date>Jan 10, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Cayena Beach Club I've staid with my family over Christmas and new year in the Cayena Beach Club. This is the VIP part of LTI. Last year we have bought a package in Cayena Beach Club. I was reading some really negative things about timeshare and other things. I can tell all of you now, after using my package from Cayena Beach Club, I've made a really great holiday, with seaview room, jacuzzi and great food, for a great price. Don't believe all the negative people and your touroperator. Of course they don't like it when you buy a package at Cayena, then you don't book with them anymore. So your next holiday in LTI, check out the Cayena Beach Club and let them explain the program. It is great!!  
<Date>Jan 10, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>plus and minus Plus: beach (God Bless nature) , room (not bad- clean), territory(very good). Minus: staff on the desk , food (bring immodium), your partner in restaurant uncountable amount of flyes, if you forgot to bring sunblock spray or medicine you can buy in store at hotel in ten times more then regular price, fixture in room (tv set, toilet, phone)doesn't work properly.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2005
<Rating>1	2	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Rooms available here for those begging to get sick... I wish I had read more accurate reviews prior to leaving for the LTI Beach Resort in Punta Cana. Now that I've been back for a week (returned on Jan 3/05), feeling completely ripped off and cheated from what was supposed to be an escape from home....I find myself reading reviews on this site that reflect a mirror image of my VACATION!If you are lucky enough to check these reviews (including mine) before you go, please keep these points in mind:-There is still construction going on- the workers start at 7:30am and finish around 8:00 pm. They had bulldozers outside of our room most of the time making alot of noise and stirring up alot of dust, we could not use the balcony most of the time.HOW DO I KNOW THIS...-I fell victim to whatever is going around this resort/ area. After my second day at the resort (after a steak dinner at the Estrella de Mar restaurant), I experienced severe stomach cramps, diarrhea, fever, and nausea/vomiting. We contacted the hotel doctor immediately (4 hours later he arrived with a bag full of Immodium equivalents). I was isolated to the hotel room for 3.5 days with little relief....except for the construction outside...-The doctor is expensive (I was charged $370 US for plug up pills). Be smarter than me, do not accept the individual tablets (loperimida) to relieve symptoms, he charges you for them and he'll wait a few days (at your expense) before he prescribes more effective medication. He will tell you it's not a bug/parasite, it's from the combination of foods you've been eating...I'm waiting for my test results two weeks later and still feeling some of the symptoms listed above. Find outside medical expertise if you can.-The beach and casino are the reasons to come here. If that's what you're looking for, it's here. I've seen several nicer beaches in the Carribbean, but this beach is in the top five.-This resort caters to families, there is little evening entertainment for younger couples. There are lots of activities and babysitting for kids (from what I observed). We found this resort gets really quiet after 10 pm. The only evening activity worth doing was the casino.-The food....I guess I'm biased. The buffet style mixed with the outdoor element of these restaurants leads me to believe a bug/parasite could thrive in this environment and thus explain why so many people are getting sick at this resort. My suggestion is to go the restaurants when mealtimes begin, the food will not be out for very long. At the end of our trip when I could safely eat again, I isolated all of my meals at the Bucannero Grill and did not have any condiments...but these are choices you will need to make for yourself.I will not go back to this resort. I will probably not go back to the Dominican Republic because of my terrible experience, and that's a shame because it seems to be a very beautiful place with lots of things to do.If I do go back, I'm going to do my research more thoroughly and stick with a five star (I hear Secrets Excellence is good..).  
<Date>Jan 8, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Overall a good holiday We spent two weeks at LTI from Dec 24 to Jan7. Also some family (8 people) from the USA joined us for the first week. This is a long review -so go get a cup of coffee!GENERAL AND ROOMSIf you have already booked with LTI and are now researching don't worry - you should have a great time. The resort is nicely landscaped (and compared to others on the strip that we visited on walks along the beach). The beach is very nice and close to the rooms so you dont have a massive walk back and forth. We (and 2 others from our party) had upgraded rooms in block 5 - great ocean views. Also our TV's worked - no one elses did -and they were not fixed. The air con in our room was marginal - but good enough for December. Generally the room was OK - the maid service is quite cursory really - certainly not as rigorous as a true 4 star resort. The maids do tend to leave the doors open so flies can get in- take a swatter with you -or spend 5 mins when you get in squashing them (no biggie really). RESORTThe resort is quite small but very pretty. The pool is large but a lot of people thought it was too cool. It was certainly refreshing. The tub/whirlpool was not working. There are plenty of seats around the pool and several stands to get braids etc. The braid service along the beach (walk to the beach turn left and walk about 5 mins - lots of vendors there) is better and cheaper. Look out for the guy by the pool who does hand-painted tee shirts -he is amazingly good.FOODThere are only two places to eat around the pool area during the day - both are good. The pool side-grill does fries (get them hot and fresh -they are regularly replenished) burgers and various dogs/sausages. The other place does pizza at lunch-times. Also good. There are two bookable restaurants - you do this at the entrance to the buffet in the morning. Both are good (I thought). The Italian does pizza lasagne etc and the seafood place a variety of stuff (not all seafood). Other than that you have to eat at the buffet. Our group was mixed on this. Some people liked it (I did not). You can find something to eat sure - but I personally dont want rice and beans every day. Others in our group liked the grill at the buffet and the eggs and omlettes in the morning. Personally I found them undercooked. It is no big deal really the pool-side grill is open all the time. It is a bit too much bbq all the time - but some of the salty sausages were great,ILLNESSWell this seems to be the big talking point. None of us got really sick. But we all had some complaints. Second day two people had cramps and one was taking an immodium a day -just to keep going. I felt nauseated on the third day but an immodium put that to rest. I got diahrrea toward the end too - pepto bismol is a must. My take on this -- there is problem at this resort with hygeine. I have never been sick (in any way) at the many many places I have been to (Jamaica, Mexico, Columbia, St Thomas, Antilles, Bahammas... and DR twice before). You can limit your chances of getting ill by not eating salads and cold cuts - watch the glasses (take your own mugs or use the plastic ones) - never use the tap water for anything (except showers obviously). Ease into the diet - be conservative -if others in your group get sick - stay conservative.BARSThere are several bars. The pool-side bar is the most convenient to get to but is poor for cocktails. Beware of the woman's bloody marys - the worst I have ever had. Some were undrinkable. The calypso bar and the lobby bar are much better for mixes. Beer is fine - but tends to be better at the calypso.ENTERTAINMENTI only was one show - and it was great. Very professional. I missed the performance of CATS but it was also supposed to be very good. The kids show runs too late really - also if you have small kids then u may want to go elsewhere - because there are so many German-speakers on the resort the kids dont like to go to the kids club becuase there are no other kids who speak English.WATER SPORTSKatermeran rides up and down the coast are free and good too. Also para sailing and power boat rides - but they cost.BUGSThe resort has a lot of flies. You get used to them (at least I did) but it is annoying. I do not recall any bugs at all on the other resort we stayed at in Punta Cana (Flamenco Bavaro) - we visited that place one affternoon -and indeed I saw no bugs at all.STAFFIn comparison the other resorts the staff seem a bit bit distant and not too interested. SO big deal -I did not go on holiday for their company. The staff could be better -very slow to respond in general -but it did not make or break the holiday.OVERALLNot a bad place really. We did not want to spend a lot of money over Christmas (expensive enough anyway) so we went a bit cheaper. The resort is overall a bit better than 3 stars but not a 4. I doubt I would recommend it to a friend - but there really is nothing too wrong . It does feel a bit too much like you went to Germany after a week or so - dont get me wrong I didn't go to meet Candians and Americans - but the population is a bit too skewed.All of our party had a good time. None of our group had much to complain about - and we didn't hear too much about sickness. But don't leave without that immodium and pepto bismol!  
<Date>Jan 8, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Disappointing After reading up on LTI and seeing that it was a 4 Star resort, I was very excited for my trip there. If only I had known more about the resort before going there. I don't even know where to start. I guess I should start by warning people that the people working at the reception desk are not knowledgable about things going on within the resort or out. They are quite incompetent and are unable to complete common tasks without the assistance of a manager.When we first arrived, granted it was 3am, the people at the reception desk did not have access to safe keys nor did they have the appropriate room accomadations for many of our fellow travelers. For instance, there were not enough beds or towels in rooms. As if it were not good enough that they were incompetent, the reception clerks were not curteous and condescending in their tone. Well, enough about the reception desk. Lets get to the food. It was horrible. You may want to bring some canned food from home to avoid CONSTANT diarrhea. If not, then bring anit-diarrhea medication because otherwise you will have to pay at least 30 US Dollars for it in the gift shop. They had pretty much the same food for lunch and dinner every night...and I didn't know it was possible to make bad eggs/omelets. OH...and watch out if you plan on eating honey because you may find a poor fly stuck in it. And please keep in mind that they leave dirty placemats and table clothes on the tables through lunch and dinner times. I hope you like looking at other peoples dirty remains because they don't change them even when you request that they do so. And one more thing...bring some boxing gloves because you will have to fight the flies for your food. Chances are, they will usually beat you to your meal. But the flies are not the only things you will be fighting off. There is CONSTANT soliciting to buy a time share at the Cayena Beach Resort on the property. They are strategically placed so that you have no choice but to walk by them. There is no way to avoid them. The only good thing about the resort is the beach. The sand and water are beautiful and the pool is nice.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>switch to a different hotel if you can We were there 12/27 - 1/3. I read all the reviews, but thought people were perhaps being overly picky. I'll try to keep it short.The good things: the pool and the beach.The ok things: the rooms. they are fine and clean. linens smell though.The bad: FOOD. terrible is being kind. the food conditions are not sanitary. We saw the same food items reappear day in and day out. Never properly heated or cooked. We never had one warm meal. We were very careful about what we ate: no lettuce, no fruit or vegetables that couldn't be pealed, no water. We followed every rule and still got very sick. Thankfully I had Cipro with me.We mentioned the illness to guest services desk and the response was, it's just diarreah. Like it's normal.Oh, and at the same guest services desk, there was a Terminex calendar on display. At least they spray for bugs.We have travelled the world and love experiencing new cultures and places. We weren't expecting it to be like the states, we just expected it to be hygenic. It's not. On our last night, we escaped to Hotel Paradisus. It was simply gorgeous with the most incredible food and service.I strongly discourage anyone from staying at LTI... and I've never posted a bad hotel review EVER.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Win some, lose some Returned form the LTI on Dec 31...after staying for 1 week with my family(son, daughter  son-in-law) from Dec. 24. First a big THUMBS DOWN to Air Transat who since last summer advertised and promoted a direct flight from Thunder Bay to Punta Cana (and kept $4000 on my money for 3 months) on Saturdays, then 3 weeks before we were to leave, cancelled the ENTIRE SEASON LEAVING HUNDREDS OF THUNDER BAY PASSENGERS SCRAMBLING!So our option was to go a day earlier and make (terrible) connections through Toronto...but on to the resort. I was hesitant about going because of all the reviews about sickness. But we prepared ourselves medically (shots. Immodium, malaria pills etc. ) and WE STILL GOT SICK AT THIS RESORT. The food is not that great but what I think the problem with this resort is that 90% of it's food preparations and presentation is buffet style which is very condusive to bacteria with many people handling it and picking through it. The seafood restaurant is very tiny and very difficult to get into..it's the only one that serves dinner individually. Even the Italian restaurant is primarily buffet style with only the pizzas being prepared and served individually.Good Stuff: -beautiful grounds, nice size, fabulous pool and beachRooms are OK but the maid service was very SLOW to respond to requests (eg. one of the bedspreads and pillow were very smelly and musty...3 days later and 4 calls..I finally got clean ones back.)The chambermaids on our floor were VERY LOUD every morning starting about 7:30 am and starting yelling in Spanish and throwing things around almost as if their mandate was to wake everyone up, get them out of their rooms so they could clean up and leave for the day! So, I guess the bottom line is that this hotel is OK for the price but if you are susceptible to food illnesses - do not go to this resort.P.S. North Americans were the minority here-mainly Europeans -the food choice reflected this and so did the number of ladies topless on the beach. Also, some of the staff were very nice - the other half were very discourteous for being in the hospitality industry...but one can get that at any resort. Lots of chairs at the pool and beach for everyone and the beach had a large number of thatched umbrellas for shade. Finally, I was pleasantly surprised by the entertainment offered in the evening ... it was far better than I have seen at much larger resorts!Book all your activities through the staff at the sportsactivity desk..they give you better rates than the company Turissimo - that Air Transat deals with.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2005
<Rating>2	4	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>nearnorth
<Content>Not so bad.....Hello Hello,Having just arrived home on the 25th I thought I would write a post. We were in the Cayena section of the resort. Great rooms with ocean view,jacuzzi tub sitting area. Superior rooms we thought. Cayena intitles you to your own pool and hot tub and bar. Restaurant open for breakfast and lunch. You order from a menu, lunch special was great every day. We were a family of 4 and all experienced a touch of travelers aug for a few hours but nothing serious. Had a grand time.However on return have all been sick. We have travelled 20 years in the Carribean and our 5th christmas in Punta Cana. Don't think it was the resort think Punta Cana in general has some left over issues from the hurricane. We did take the chloroquine and were happy with that decision as there were mosquitoes. So in ernest would rate it the 4 it was labelled. Everyone getting sick is not a resort problem in our estimation but a Punta Cana problem. We have certainly been to worse.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>sick and expensive doctor care Was at the LTI Punta Cana for one week Dec 20-27, seven of us in the party - 4 of the 7 were ill at least one day, luckily myself and my two children were the only ones who did not have a problem, both my parents and my sister had one day where they could not get out of bed, vomiting etc... My husband on the other hand was in bed for 4 days with diarrhea and vomiting, had to call the hotel doctor, the doctor would not tell me how much his services were and at that point I really didn't care because my husband desperately needed attention. He was put on an IV in the hotel room with various medications needed for dehydration and possible parasite infection, doctor came three times, in the end it cost us $610.00 U.S. before we could go home, word to the wise get travel insurance!!! I didn't (thinking it was only a week what could happen). I was a fool, don't be one to. Overall the food was O.K. the service was excellent, the people wonderful, the hotel room just O.K. My sister and parents all had good rooms ours was just OK, lots of mosquitos in the rooms at night so wear bug repellent to bed. The doctor said there were alot of people sick, not just at the LTI so don't think I would recommend the Dominican right now.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2004
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>tudlik
<Content>Dangerous - hundreds sick here! I would have to agree with all of the reviewers who complained about getting sick at this resort. Two out of three people in my party got extremely sick and had to take antibiotics and stay in bed. The doctor for the resort said that hundreds of guests at this resort have become sick recently. I am not sure what the cause is. If it is a bug, then it is not the fault of the resort. However, on one occasion, I saw a hotel restaurant employee go to the bathroom and not wash her hands. Also, the hotel re-heats food that is not eaten and serves it again for the next several days. In particular, the fish restaurant serves old food.Apart from the illness problem, the food at this resort is the worst I or anyone in my party has ever had at an all-inclusive resort. While you can certainly find something to eat, most of the food is over-cooked and bland - basically glorified cafeteria fare.The grounds, beach and rooms are all lovely. There is construction, but it is not noisy or bothersome. The staff are all very nice and helpful.  
<Date>Dec 22, 2004
<Rating>2	2	4	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>skatingangel
<Content>Come on people get real! Super time at the LTI Punta Cana Well I must admit that after readings the reviews I was a bit scared! But I have travelled before to Acapulco, Puerto Vallarta, Varadero and let me tell you people here are complaining for nothing.First of all, you should know that all the places I've been to, you are warned not to drink the water from the tap, it is the first rule you should know where ever you go down south, not just at LTI Beach Resort.If you are going down south you cannot expect to eat the same things you do at home, you are in a different country. I always found something I liked at the buffet restaurant, they have a diet section a dominican section a pasta bar (who doesn't like pasta???) and there is always a different kind of meat on the grill. Breakfast where very nice too, you could have fried eggs and omelets made fresh with whatever veggies or meats you wanted in it. Bread is made fresh everyday you can smell it in the afternoon...wow what a smell!You also have a choice of 2 a la carte restaurants one is a pizzaria and the other a sea food restaurant. I did not try the seafood restaurant but I did hear you had to pay a supplement for most of the things on the menu. The pizza at the Trattoria is very good and very big! One pizza for 2 people is enough! There is also the snack bar that is opened 24 hours a day where you can munch on fries, burgers and hot dogs, I've tried the burgers and fries both very good!Our room was very nice, there is consctuction going on right next door but we had no problem sleeping. The maids made the room every morning while we were gone for breakfast and always left us plenty of pepsi, 7up and bottled water in our mini bar.If you are going to punta cana, you should know there is a bug going around on Bavaro beach, not only at the LTI. Not everybody gets it, we were 5 people and 3 of us got it and after talking with the Air Transat representative, she told us about it. It is important to report to your representative if you do get it. I had it, it lasted one night and by the next morning I was ok. But I have had something similar everywhere I have been too so I knew I had a good chance of it happening!Your body goes from a minus 10 temp to 30 degree weather, you drink all kinds of drinks made with coconut milk which we are not used to here plus you eat tones of fruits...Do you really think your body is not going to react???The grounds were beautiful and well kept, the beach is exceptionnal and the ocean wow is all I can say about it!It has been my best vacation so far, I would definatly go back to LTI anytime! The staff was very friendly and if you wanna keep busy there is activities on the beach and at the pool all day long!  
<Date>Dec 20, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Find another resort I agree with the previous 2 posts regarding people getting sick. I was there with my girlfriend from Dec 07-14th and we both got, and still are very sick, nearly a week after being home.At first glance the resort seems clean, with good ammenities...however after a day there we spoke to other guests of the resort and literally 90% of them were or had been sick. We had to cancel 2 day trips due to being so sick that we could not leave the room, or more specifically the bathroom. The resort is well laid out, staff were very helpful, however the ongoing construction surrounding the resort is very annoying as well. The animation staff was good, and not overly pushy. Would I return to LTI, or recommend it to anyone else...NO WAY. Believe me, I have a very strong stomach and still am very sick. Go elsewhere and save yourself a lot of trouble.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Sherlockzz
<Content>Sickness alert... Dec. 16, 2004: Just got back Monday with a group. 47 out of 48 of us ended up sick with gastro-intestinal distress. It started on the second day with about six people and doubled daily. My fiance didn't actually get sick until after we arrived home. I suspect the hurricane might have tainted some water supplies. I thought it was the food at first but the day I came down with it, I hadn't eaten since breakfast nine hours before my first run to the bathroom. If it was the food, it would have hit me faster than that, don't you think? So I suspect it was the ice because all I had that afternoon was a couple of rum and cokes. The good stuff: The beach is fine, the swimming nice, the food good but not excellent, the activity staff is friendly, there's a lot to do, some costs extra, some doesn't. Those healthy enough really enjoyed the horseback riding and snorkel trips.The Bad: The illness ruins the whole vacation. I wasn't impressed with the area immedately outside the resort. It's swampy and slummy. The shops are a ripoff. Be careful about quoted prices, it seems the exchange rate varies even within the same resort. i.e. we got quoted a price for lobster at the Bucanero restaraunt on site and we were (almost) charged a higher price at check out because the exchange rate differed between the restaraunt and the front desk!!!I wouldn't go back. I'm well travelled and the Dom. Rep. has won my least favorite Carib. island award.  
<Date>Dec 16, 2004
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>torex
<Content>Dancing with the Grim Reaper in the Dominican Republic The LTI resort at Punta Cana, Dominican Republic was the worst vacation experience of my life. My Caribbean traveling experience: I鈥檝e been to the Caribbean over 10 times; (Cuba 2x, Grand Cayman 1x, Jamaica 6x, Dominican Republic 1x).The first thing they tell you after you arrive in Punta Cana is to not drink the water. This was a real confidence booster and made me wonder, what the food is prepared/cleaned with and other possible indirect ways of coming into contact with contaminated water or something else dangerous to ones health?I am a 40 year old from Toronto, Canada. I became very sick at the LTI resort only 2 days after my arrival after eating a fish entree at one of their al la carte restaurants. For the following 5 straight days I practically chained myself to my hotel room bathroom, which I quickly declared a bio-hazard. I've have never been that sick before in my life, and one night I was very close to surrendering to a doctor because I just didn't think I could make it through the night. If it wasn't for a few travel industry friends that I met on the bus from Canada who supplied me with anti diarrhea drugs (Imodium), I don't think I could have survived it without a doctor. I kept tossing and turning in bed with stomach pains, dreaming of dancing with the Grim Reaper. I was most likely poisoned by the food; my guess is probably something in the Salads, Dressings, or the Fish. I think this is a classic case of Traveller鈥檚 Diarrhea I recommend that travelers do a google search on the keywords: 鈥淭raveller鈥檚 Diarrhea鈥? It also didn鈥檛 help my recovery that while bed ridden in my hotel room I had to listen to industrial construction machinery working up until 11pm every evening building a new resort next to the LTI resort.Almost every Canadian I met at the LTI resort in Punta Cana got sick like I did from something or other and strangely enough, quite a few got hit in the same time frame as me, specifically, 2 or 3 days after their arrival. It was almost becoming a bad joke, wondering who was going to fall ill next. I blame LTI for serving me poison at one of their resort hotels and ruining my $1,600 holiday. But I鈥檝e learned from it. I will stick to smaller resorts, not huge tourist resort 鈥淔eeding factories鈥?like LTI. I expected a lot more from a German owned resort. I think LTI has failed miserably in operating a safe and healthy resort.If food poisoning wasn鈥檛 enough to worry about, on Nov 30th up pops a serious travel health advisory on the Public Health Agency of Canada website. I read this Canadian Government advisory online in the LTI Internet room where they offer free internet access. Basically, there are now reports of Canadians, Americans and Europeans returning home from Punta Cana with Malaria. This is the now the limit. After receiving this new news I immediately told the people that I met there to be careful and on my last day I even gave away my insect repellent to a young British couple. I am thankfully back at home now and have been following current developments in the newspapers, specifically, coverage of the Malaria outbreak in the Dominican Republic. Do a search on the Toronto Star website on the keyword: 鈥淢alaria鈥? Media sources say people returning from Punta Cana must monitor themselves for fever for the next 3 months or so and are prohibited from donating blood. I鈥檒l keep my fingers crossed. I am seeing my doctor this week just to give him a heads up. So far I鈥檝e been ok, and haven鈥檛 experienced fever since my return. My fingers are crossed.Other personal observations: The LTI resort landscaping is beautiful and the beach is nice.The Internet room is a welcome free service, but users become quickly frustrated when their online login sessions with the ISP time out so quickly and often. Some even lose all the data in their E-mail compositions. Remember to copy and paste a backup!An large, diverse, and interesting mixture of Europeans and North American tourists at the resort. I sometimes felt like I was at the United Nations.The prices at the LTI gift shop were a complete joke. I didn鈥檛 buy a single thing. For example, a name brand bottle of suntan lotion would be priced at $40U.S. or a simple Chocolate bar would be $5 U.S. This in my opinion is price gouging.The Coffee throughout the resort comes out of commercial name brand machines. I expected real coffee at a Caribbean resort.I was not impressed by the buffet the few times I ate there. (For 5 days I was unable to eat anything). As thirsty as one gets in the Caribbean I was always afraid of drinking the water even if it came from the Buffet or bar water dispensaries. I stuck to the bottled water in my hotel fridge and bottled pop.Finally by the Sunday, the last day of my visit to the Dominican I began to feel a little better and was able to eat some (safe) food (French Fries) at dinner time. I began making progress towards stability. In my opinion, if you travel to Punta Cana, Dominican Republic, you're playing Russian roulette with your health and safety. I love the Caribbean, it鈥檚 just so beautiful, but next time I am going to an island which I feel is safer and where I can avoid the nightmare that I have so far survived in the Dominican Republic. I was never so happy to return home in my life.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>labofblood
<Content>dont believe everything you read just returned from lti on 12/6/04. loved the resort, staff was great and i was a single woman travelling alone for my 45th birthday. they upgraded my room to ocean king at no charge. shows were hokey, but do you really think they can afford wayne newton. americans go to another country expecting it to be like america, go to florida.. as for catering to europeans, the tv had cinemax, hbo, starz, disney, cnn, and espn. even got to watch my steelers win their 10th in a row. i ate all the food and never got sick once. great value for the money. if anyone has questions e-mail at labofblood@yahoo.com  
<Date>Dec 9, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Rarebreed
<Content>Bring Imodium - from 9/11/04 till 23/11/04 Don't go to LTI Punta Cana if you want luxury of any sort. The staff are badly trained in customer relations and any question or complaint is met with a grumble in Spanish and you always get told that it will be sorted tomorrow!!??Block 5 is next door to a building site which is flood lit 24-7 and work commences at 07.30 am till 19.30 pm all week. The food is average, but badly kept, under heated lamps at the wrong temperature, ergo the ImodiumThe rooms are cleaned daily at what ever time they feel like it. One morning it was 8am, the next 16.30 pm so you could never tell when you could have a shower and use clean towels.The constant loud speaking of Spanish along the hallways at siesta time, began to hit a nerve at about the 6th day.The entertainment team known as ANIMATION consisted of a mixed bag of Dominicans, Italians, Colombians, Argentineans and Germans, they were energetic and the Italians and Argentinean were very creative, but some of the material used in the evening was not suitable for children. Two dance teams from Santa Domingo were brought in and they were quite good. The Disco was an overflow platform for the ANIMATION team to let off steam and for the DJ to practice his mixing skills at full volume.If it rains, and it did for us for at least 7 of the 14 days, you may need to bring some games with you to keep you entertained, as there is nothing to do except sleep, eat, drink or shop.The only sports facility open on dry land is table tennis, the tennis courts were being resurfaced. Scuba diving is available and so are most of the boat trips, weather permitting.The ANIMATION team provide Bowls and Volley Ball on the beach and Aerobics by the pool and on the beach.The best experiences we had at the LTI were the relaxing massages, what professionals these ladies were, well worth a visit.If you decide to go horse riding beware, beginners or not, you may end up galloping away into the distance never to be seen again! The beach was nice, clean white sand and enough sun beds to go round. Just along the beach to the left, there are a parade of tents selling souvenirs and trinkets, rum and cigars, beware, they are overpriced to the max. If you want to venture to the right and walk for about 戮 of an hour, you will come to a fishing village and they have a supermarket there which is the best place for your rum purchases.All in all it was a bit disappointing, I don鈥檛 think I would recommend this to any of my friends, but like most things, you don鈥檛 know what things are like until you鈥檝e tried them. Enjoy!  
<Date>Nov 26, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jude
<Content>LTI OK but not for me We stayed at the LTI from Nov 11th- 18th 2004. Let me start by saying the weather was not very nice, rain 4 out of 7 days so that did not help. I have travelled quite a bit over the last 6 years and I am very easy to please, I am not a complainer.Reception - we were greeted at reception with a nice cold drink after a 3 hour bus ride because of road construction. Front desk staff was not very friendly, check in was quick and when we tried to ask about safes etc we were told come back tomorrow. Room - We were put in a room with 2 single beds pushed together (we are 2 married women travelling) so we went to the front desk and asked to be moved to a room with 2 Doubles or Queens, this seemed to be a huge request and we were told the hotel was full period end of story. At which point I went to our Air Transat rep (a plug for them everytime I have had a problem, and I have travelled with them lots, they clear it up immediately) she had us moved by 2 pm that afternoon into a nice room in building 4. The rooms are average size, nothing fancy and what people have written on this site about the location of the toilets is true, I'm 5'3 and it was tight! Service - the maid service was ok again nothing special our room was never cleaned before 4 pm and we were out of it by 8:30 - 9:00 at the latest.The wait staff at the hotel at first seemed very eager and as the week progressed got grumpier and grumpier, maybe the weather was getting to them to. We did tip well and consistently but for us it did not seem to make a differance in service.Food: The food at this resort is ok, I wouldn't describe it as bad but I wasn't going back for 2nds and I didn't gain any weight on this trip which is unusual for me. The seafood restaurant was good but I was dissappointed that most of the seafood was on the menu that had a charge for it, I had grilled Prawns for $13 US and they were delicious. We went to the Italian restaurant one night and all that was on the menu was pizza, it was good but even some of them had charges so we were dissappointed in that.Overall:This resort is German owned so naturally caters to mostly German clientelle. Majority German, then Italian, French and a few English people. We did not find the Europeans to be rude. However we did feel somewhat invisible as 2 english speaking Canadians.Go and see the staff at the dive shop, we met Doreen there and she was great, we went on a Excursion to Catalina Island (Caribbean side) with them with a bus and boat full of Germans and Russians it was a fabulous day and the highlight of our vacation.The Ocean: Be aware that you are in the Atlantic Ocean and the pictures you see in brochures etc are probably taken in June, July. The Ocean is rough and it is very windy, red flag at the dive shop the whole time we were there so no watersports. We had envisoned snorkelling, sailing, or some sort of watersport everyday off the beach, not! The people we talked to there said that it is usually windy and waves for most of the winter however in January February they don't get as much rain.We went on this trip just to relax so we didn't venture outside the resort other than the one tour. The hotel did have 3 English movie channels so we caught up on our TV and our sleep. Feel free to e-mail any other questions.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The place is really nice, but the food is bad, the beach was dirty. I stood at the Cayena Beach Club which is just for members only area and it is part of the LTI Punta Cana Beach Club. We could have use all the facilities from LTI. The food was very bad, my cousin and I got sick with the food. We expend the whole week with diarrhea, and two days vomitting. The animation was very bad we were falling asleep with their shows. The staff were not friendly. The beach was very dirty due to the hurricane. I think they should had call us and giving us other days becouse of the situation of the hurricane and just don't be such a liers saying that everything was fine. I personally don't recomend this place. I am dominican also, and I think we deserve better treatments and a better place than that. I have been to others hotels in the country and they are very nice. The food are very good, the staff are excellent, and the animations are like Broadway Shows. It's up to you if you would like to visit LTI or just go and visit other places in the country that are nicer. Have fun if you decide going some place else.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>acmatt
<Content>A very plesant time.       The beach  
<Date>Nov 10, 2004
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>nipring
<Content>I muat agree !!!!!!! Well were to start.... The couple who wrote ther review about there stay from Oct 7 until oct 21........ I was there at the some time and yes i did meet them. Very nice people. I thought I would add a few things myself. Its a very nice hotel and well layed out. All the rooms are on the left and every thing else is on the right ( you will see) The rooms are great. Dont worry about taking a phone card to keep the air con on.. Just take your card of your key ring.(easy) The maids are great. Had a heavey night on the town ? Just put your little sign on your door and they will stay away. As for tipping them well thats up to you. You can only fit 4 bottles of soda in your fridge anyway and lets not forget EVERYTHING IS FREE 24/7. The food is good. If you dont like a few flyes well get there a 18.30pm when they open. Then you have the pick of the crop. The pool is great very big and lots for sun beds. The same with the beach. The staff are outstanding allways trying to please. They have a few stores if you need anything. ( Bottle of local Rum 10$..Cigs 3$) A saft deposit box in your room is 26$ for two weeks..... Sounds good hey. Oh yes they have a 24/7 BBQ by the 24/7 bar. You can go to the 24/7 bar at 4.00am and they have 4 staff working there.... Service.Downfalls.....Its not very well lit up at night.There is no air con anywhere other than in your room. The loo in you room is to close to the wall. (Try it)There are not very many English speaking people there but I enyoyed that.The beach is cover in timeshare sales men.Thats it.. If you want glitz go to sandals... There again I have been there and what a con that is.The good news is I am going again 23 April 05 for any other 2 weeks. LTI evey time.Feel free to contact me. ( Oh yes and I went on my own)  
<Date>Nov 5, 2004
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a place! I along with my wife and 21 month old son stayed at the resort from 7 - 21 October 2004.Having read some of the reviews, a lot of which were poor ones, we were slightly worried about this hotel before we got there. I have to say that our concerns were groundless and I'm sure the poor reviews posted earlier must be about a different hotel because this one is fantastic!Accommodation - we were situated in block 2 of 5. Whilst there was a hotel being constructed next door, this did not distract at all. Obviously a view of the pool or the beach would have been better but this didn't distract from our holiday as we didn't spend much time in our room anyway. The rooms were spotless although a little dated perhaps. The cleaning staff were excellent and there were clean towells and sheets every day.Food - the food was excellent in all the restaurants we tried. The choice and quality were amazing. The waiting staff were very attentive, always topping up drinks before you had a chance to ask.The Staff - the staff were so friendly and professional it was untrue. The animation team were great but the guys that make the whole place tick are the 4 Italian reps from Eurotravel (Pier, Valario, Andrea and Alice). Whilst not employed by LTI they were mainly responsible for the beach and pool games and the shows in the evenings. They really did make our holiday. My advice would be to get involved with the activities as it really is great fun.The Beach - the beach is simply stunningThe Pool - again stunning and very clean and safe for kids.We took our 21 month old son with us and he was treated like royalty by the staff!! He had an absolutely fantastic time. Whilst there wasn't a great deal on offer for him, the pool and beach were enough. The only slight critism it that the only play area is set up for older children and they could do with catering for the younger kids too. There is a kids club available for 4 years+ but dont know how good this was.The fellow guests were very friendly. I have read poor reports about German guests but from my experience this could not be further from the truth. The Germans I met were very very friendly. There were not many English speaking guests, mainly Germans and Italians but to be honest I dont go to foreign countries to see other British people!!! It was much more fun communicting by some sort of sign language or broken French or whatever!!Overall we had the best holiday ever and we were very sad to leave after 2 weeks which simply flew by.Would I go back to the Dom Rep? Without doubt!Would I stay at this hotel again? Absolutely  
<Date>Oct 26, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Rob_K_Canada
<Content>LTI - Great Family Vacation My wife and I and our two daughters, aged 7 and 3, traveled to LTI Beach Resort in Punta Cana for two weeks in March 2004. It was our first trip to DR after several trips to Cuba and Florida. We chose LTI because it featured kid鈥檚 activities and the property looked great in the web photos. When we walked through the lobby onto the grounds, we were amazed at the beauty. The landscaping and level of maintenance was excellent 鈥?very lush and tropical. We had a premium room on the 3rd floor in building 5, right on the beach next to the dive centre. The room was a good size, clean with a great view of the ocean. We liked the stocked fridge 鈥?water and pop daily! We only saw 2 lizard-critters in the room and had some ant colonies set up shop after the kids left some cookies out in the open. Watch the tile floors with wet feet 鈥?very slippery! The resort had a good 鈥渧ibe鈥?and the pool area was the place to be as it was central to most of the facilities. Some resorts in Punta Cana are so huge and sprawled out that there is no sense of community. We met a lot of people there and it was interesting to talk with people from Canada, USA and Germany. The beach was the best part of our stay, and since we walked the beach a couple of kilometers daily in either direction, we were convinced our stretch of beach was the best. It had a shallow, gradual slope and small waves due the reef just off shore. Other parts of the beach south of LTI had huge waves, strong undertow and steep slopes into the water 鈥?not kid-friendly. Our stay included water sports and we took out the catamaran, body boards and my wife learned to scuba dive and took her first open-water dive on the only stormy day we had in two weeks 鈥?I guess when you鈥檙e underwater it doesn鈥檛 matter if it鈥檚 raining! The kids had a great time in the kids club with Bea from Germany. She was very patient with the kids and had a variety of activities to keep them busy. They still talk about her. The evening entertainment was a kiddy-show and games before the stage show began at about 9PM. The stage show was predictable and hokey most times, although when they brought in a DR folk music band and dancers the professionalism and enjoyment went way up. They did play some interactive games with the audience which I made a fool of myself in a couple of times! Good thing we were too tired at night to expect too much! We didn鈥檛 go to the bar/disco but we saw it in the day and it was about the size of my living room. I think the real parties happen elsewhere. The internet caf茅 was a great way to keep an eye on the bank account and email and the cost was reasonable. North along the beach from LTI is strip of shopping huts along the beach, you can get everything there, but don鈥檛 buy anything on your first few days 鈥?the vendors can sense your vulnerability. Check out all the shops and don鈥檛 feel intimidated by their 鈥渋n your face鈥?sales pitch. My wife bargained these guys so hard they gave her things to get rid of her. The big gimmick down there is that Mamajuana / DR Viagra 鈥?it tastes like crap and Canada Customs won鈥檛 let it into Canada. The best deals are on the beach. When you go on tours and stop into tourist trap gift shops, save your money and buy your souvenirs on the beach. We went on the Bavarro Runner full day excursion and it was a full day: sugar cane plantation, homesteads, horseback riding, cigar shop, etc. If you have spoiled kids take them and show them how kids on the plantation live, they might learn to appreciate what they have back at home. I bought some nice vanilla flavoured cigars at the cigar tour, very nice and reasonable price. Drinks and a meal are included on the tour; it was pricey but an exciting experience. The food was good and they had a good variety with no theme repeated in the whole 2 weeks that we were there. The Italian restaurant was really good and even my Italian wife thought the food was prepared well. We loved the Neptune pizza. The grill by the pool was never crowded and when you鈥檙e in mood for meat and potatoes, the grill is the place to be. Breakfasts were the great 鈥?bacon, eggs, fruits and the best, melt-in-your-mouth croissants you鈥檒l ever taste. You can smoke everywhere, so militant non-smokers should save their 鈥済lares of disgust鈥?for back home 鈥?different culture 鈥?different rules! Finally, we flew out of Hamilton, Ontario, Canada on West Jet instead of Toronto and what a pleasant experience that was! No traffic, no lines and we were home in 15 minutes. LTI Beach Resort has set the benchmark for quality and value in a holiday! We would go back without any doubt.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We will stay with Varadero Cuba  LTI-Beach Resort Punta Cana Dominican Republik. We started ouer holidays February 10-2004 and had booked a stay for 3 weeks at the LTI-Beach Resort Punta Cana in the Dominican Republic.Here is a excerpt out of my diary,which i wrote.10 February 2004-TuesdayThe Tour bus from the airport to the hotel was waiting.Once boarded we were told that they had good news and bad news for us.The bad news: LTI was booked out and we would go to Ocean-Spa-Resort for 3 Days.The good news mostly empty promisses.Once arrived there with our group of 11 we ended up in one of the far back buildings with a strong smell of sewer.Even so this was classified a 4 star Resort.It took 3 trips to the reception for keys that did not fit the Safe deposit box.13 February 2004- FridayToday we will leave for LTI-Beach Resort.At 2:30 Pm the pick up was to take place but nothing happened until I got angry and demanded action.Then 2 taxis for our group were dispatched shortly.At LTI we got the room we asked for # 3105.It was supper time when we got there.Tried to phone home with Canada Collect but next to impossible - no answer. Children鈥檚 show in the theater started at 8PM until 9PM.After that adult entertainment would start.But mostly always he same.This Letter was mailed to LTI-HeadquartersEdmonton March 4-2004To Whom it may concern.This is to certify,that when our group of 11 were picked up by the Air-Transat Bus a Tour Operator from Air-Transat escorted us to our Hotel鈥滾TI-Beach Resort鈥?for our three weeks holidays starting February 10-2004 until March 2-2004,we were told that they had good news and bad news for us.The Bad News: LTI-Beach Resort was overbooked and we are to go to the Hotel鈥漁cean Bavaro Spa and Beach Resort鈥?This will require the first 3 days.The Good News:We would receive at LTI-Beach Resort a higher priced room with Ocean view.[Not true]A free complimentary Hotel room safe and a free lobster dinner.[Only burned lobster and dry]We would be offered as choice of a free week stay or 100.-$ US.[Free stay was never overed later]Promises kept:Was only the free lobster dinner on the beach,which I could have done without.My free safe voucher from Sears was accepted from me,despite the free safe promised.The rest of the group without Voucher received their free safe.The overbooking which took place fragrantly involved 11 Guest from our group from Edmonton,as well as 28 Guest arriving at the same time from Germany as well as others.My number was # 104 if this refers to the total person's involved.For 39 I had names and addresses.The overbooking interrupted our holidays because of packing unpacking,moving,waiting,with almost a day lost from our stay.Extra expenses are also involved.As seniors we don't want this extra stress.We picked a smaller size Resort of 447 rooms,but had to stay for 3 days at the Bavaro Resort with 630 rooms.Wnen we where waiting to be transferred to LTI Resort on Feb.13 -2004,we had to spent hours in the Lobby waiting and waiting until I finally go so frustrated to approach the management.At this time 2 taxis were dispatched immediately.On February 21 with the wrong year 2003,we found the included letter under our door at the LTI -Beach resort.This compensation of 100,-$ US is not satisfactory.We are requesting 300,-$ US for each of us.Which would to amount to 600,-$ US.With this we will refund Sears the voucher for the safe.Included: Copy of some other guests in ouer groupCopy of letter from Chantal Boucher[Assistant Supervisor Air Transat HolidaysCopy of names from German and Canadian TouristThis letter was never answered by LTI Headquarters where this letter was mailed to.LTI-International Hotels Humboldtstr. 140-14451149 K枚lnSo my advice is be aware of overbooking.The food ? Always the same mostly chopped in small pieces.Dinning hall very dark and windy because same is open.That is when I got my cold.My wife said the food was terrible.Rooms clean and well looked after.Beach narrow but clean.The hotel grounds covered by sales man selling time share apartments they claim are located next door.The hotel desk refuses to change larger US $ bills to single dollar bills to use for tips.Would tell guest's to use the bank which of course for an extra cost.I could write much more for this is what I want to say for now.We been in Varadero a few times in different resort's and we like it there much better.Gerloen@telusplanet.net  
<Date>Oct 23, 2004
<Rating>2	3	4	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I can't wait to go back again !!!!! Excellent Resort with 5 star quality service since your arrival. Nice quality and clean rooms with good food. Nice pool and a lovely beach. Great Shows and a good Social Team to keep you busy during the whole day and night. I will can't wait to go back again......Gracias por todo!!!  
<Date>Oct 10, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Outstanding This resort was fabulous. Great beach.Good food, good room. Free Presidente Beer!!Went horseback riding on the beach....what an incredible experience!!  
<Date>Sep 27, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Very Good Vacation Experience. Just returned from a week at LTI. Even rode out Hurricane Jeanne! Our travel to Punta Cana was Sept. 11 to 18, 2004. This was our first trip to the Dominican Republic and Punta Cana.This is a beautiful Resort. The grounds are nicely landscaped and well groomed. Lots of green, lots of flowers, and very nicely laid out. The lobby area is open concept, simple yet functional, with a thatched roof and a pleasant lobby bar.There are some small gift shops and bank and a hair salon in the resort. You can use U.S. dollars or convert to Dominican Pesos. We just used dollars even off resort.We found the food in the main buffet restaurant to be of good quality with lots of variety, in a mainly carribbean style with other theme nights adding to variety as well. We always looked forward to meal-times. The a la carte restaurants were pleasant, and food was excellent.Many of the resort staff spoke English, and we used a Spanish / English phrase book to help out when needed. Our efforts to do so were appreciated by the staff who were always friendly and helpful.The resort has a beautiful beach and lots of watersposts activities available. Also Beach volleyball and beach soccer were played.The pool is gorgeous and has a kiddie pool as well. This is a good place for families with small children.Our room was large and kept very clean with the fridge stocked daily with pop and bottled during the regular daily maid service.My son-in-law and myself had some stomach discomfort on our third day, but we took medication and the symptoms were pretty much gone the next day. Never really interfered with our activities or total enjoyment.Hurricane Jeanne arrived on the evening of our 5th day there, and the resort's building and structures weathered the storm very well. We felt completely safe in our rooms where we didn't even feel the wind. The storm did blow a little water seepage into our room at the patio doors making the floor damp in some areas, but the room and our possessions remained dry. From what we could see, all of the guest room buildings were left pretty much untouched by the hurricane winds and heavy rains.There was minor damage to some of the other buildings, like missing shingles and some damage to thatched roofs, but no structural damage to the resort buildings themselves.Lots of trees were blown over or broken, and the grounds had a lot of debris right after the storm, but within 24 hours the staff had most of the clean-up well under way.Other Punta Cana resorts were more heavily damaged and their guests were transported to resorts with less damage. LTI maintained electrical power throughout the storm with its own generators although there were revolving black-outs as repairs were being made. We had short black-outs on running water in our rooms as well. It took a little longer for them to restore hot water for showers etc.The phone service was out for about a day.Some staff members had their own homes demolished by hurricane Jeanne, but remained on site to keep the resort fuctioning as much as possible. Some were even putting in 15 to 20 hour work-days to cover for staff who were unable to make it to work right after the storm.A few of the tourists brought into our resort from other places which had sustained more damage were complaining about some pretty trivial concerns. (None relating to LTI) You can tell what is really important to people when you see how they deal with unexpected adversity. From what we could see LTI did an outstanding job in providing for us throughout the ordeal.Would I go back to LTI Beach Resort. Absolutely!What about the negative reviews of LTI on this site?Everyone has their own opinions, expectations and experiences. Ours was very positive. and this was our 6th Carribbean all inclusive vacation in 7 years and the first at this location.All in all, we had a great vacation experience and would encourage others to consider this resort.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2004
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Vacation I vacationed the week of August 13 thru the 20th. My husband and I traveled with our two children and my mother. We were very nervous after reading some of the negative reviews. My husband and I have never been on a vacation other than going to a relative鈥檚 home. So we did not have much hope of this being a good vacation. This was a wonderful and economical vacation for a party of five. When we got off the plane the driver took us directly to the resort in an air-conditioned mini van. Our rooms were not ready so we went to have lunch and by the time we came back we were ready to go to our rooms. I don鈥檛 understand how people complain about the food. There is so much too choose from. The people that work there were wonderful, very helpful and accommodating. I traveled with my children age 6 and 4 and they loved the young women named Bella that is in charge of the Smiley club. They spent 4 hours of the day with her and they loved dancing and singing in the shows every night. There is some truth to some of the emails. There are fly鈥檚 around the food, but remember you are eating in the open air what do you expect. There is no washcloth in the bathrooms if it鈥檚 that important bring your own. What I found not true is about the Germans being rude. Everyone we encountered was very pleasant. I believe this idea comes because of the language barrier. Of course I could not communicate but everyone smiled and said 鈥渉ola鈥?which is hello in Spanish. I did not find any special treatment for anyone. Of course I did have an advantage knowing the language but you must expect when traveling to any country or island that has a different language or culture that you will find some barriers in communication. The people from the activity committee, the check in counter and even the Kids club all spoke a minimum of 4 languages. I found the show very good they had some professional dancers that did a great job and a magician that was great. The only show that was poor was the Karaoke night and that depends on the audience. If you go expecting a Broadway show or a cruise ship show you will be disappointed. Every night we laughed and enjoyed the games and shows. The group of guys and girls that are in charge of the activities and games do a great job. They do a wonderful job presenting the shows. So suggestions would be to take plenty of singles for tips these people get paid so little the greatly appreciate tips. I got all my jewelry that I don鈥檛 ware and picked up a couple of items from the dollar store and I would leave a couple of items with two dollar for the cleaning lady, she made sure our refrigerator was stocked up. My husband brought some inexpensive perfumes, chocolates, and nail grooming kits and was able to trade for souvenirs. Be ready to haggle for your items everything is negotiable. I did not like that the merchants are very persistent for you to purchase from them. Make sure you bring your toiletries, sun block, sun lotions, and basic stomach medications. They sell them in their stores but for outrageous prices. For example sun tan lotion was $20.00 us dollars. Drop by and look at Leonard鈥檚 Hanna tattoos we all got tattoos and had a wonderful conversation with him. Tattoos lasted about 2 weeks and very reasonable price; I wish we had them here in the states. My husband paid for a message but was a bit disappointed because it was supposed to be for 30 min. and the girl left the room lots of times so it ended up more like 15 to 20 min.Pay after you have gotten your services done. I was tempted to get the braids on my hair so I would not have to care for it but I have very long hair and new it would take hours so I opted not to but they look beautiful on all the girls. Over all we had a wonderful vacation and are planning to go again next year just not in August it was awfully hot.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>FABULOUS trip for the money! We got a last minute deal through Vacations Express (I think we paid $299 all-inclusive per person for three nights?) It was more than we could have asked for!The resort itself is very tropical and fun. It's not your classic frou-frou resort, it's more of a beachy, island-y kind of place. The room was gorgeaus and had a view of the ocean. It had a fridge, a king bed (decorated in a really cool tropical motif), and gorgeaus tile and marble floors and walls. Even the bathroom was impressive! The resort itself was great... beautiful beaches, incredible food, LOTS of yummy beer and drinks... just paradise for the money. Here are some of my suggestions:-If you're the type who goes on vacations to drink, lay in the sun, enjoy the beach and the ocean, and eat enough for a small army, this is the place for you! -If you're squeamish about native dishes, don't come here... even their American foods, like hamburgers and hotdogs, have a native taste to them. Everything is either spicy, rich, cheesy or tomatoey... I loved it! -The desserts aren't the best though... bring some cookies or candy if you're a sweet freak.-Bring your own EVERYTHING because everything on the resort is, of course, really expensive, and our tour facilitator suggested that we not go onto the island to go shopping because of recent violence... however, you are very safe in the resort.-Walk down the beach to the beach shops if you want to buy some native arts and touristy goodies... and NEVER pay what these folks tell you it costs! You can generally reduce what they tell you by at least half (i.e. if they tell you the windchime is $40, offer $15 or $20 and then pretend to leave... trust me, they'll take your offer!)Have fun!!!  
<Date>Aug 24, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Never again I vacationed at LTI from August 4th through August 10th with my boyfriend and 2 other couples. When we first arrived our rooms were not ready, no big deal, we had a few drinks, walked around etc. We were approached by an Englishman who told us that he and his entire family had ecoli and that we should stay away from the 24 hour resturant (which we did).The grounds are very nice and the beach is beautiful.Our rooms were by the construction of the new buildings which we complained about but the noise ended up being the least of our concerns.By the third day half of our group was sick including myself and the rest fell sick closer to the end of the vacation. It was awful, not the way to spend a vacation. I went to the doctor when I got home because I still wasn't feeling well and after weeks of aggrivation, we all have Shigella-a form a food posioning- a bacteria form- due to people not washing their hands after using the bathroom and preparing food. How lovely.I will say I am open to other cultures, I travel a great deal including out of the country travels, and I have never encountered this before. The food was absolutley horrible and the fact that we all got sick and are still paying for a vacation that was supposed to be great is unacceptable.My one friend had to be hospitalized when we returned home. The medication we are all on is called Cipro. I am currently out of work because the board of health went to my job and I have to go for further testing and doctor's bills to make sure the medicine is taking care of the problem.I don't know how this place stays in business, it should be shut down, I would never recommend it, or go back by any means. LTI is definatley receiving a letter from me.If you are planning on vacationing here, save yourself the money and aggrivation and stay home or choose another resort. Feel free to email me if you have any questions.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>excellent vacation After reading many of the disappointing reviews, I was nervous about going to the LTI. I went there for 1 week and was pleased to find that I did not agree with many of the reviews I had read. This was my first vacation to Dominican. I have always gone to Mexico. I was impressed with the food. The pizza in the Italian restaurant is very good. My family and I went there 3 times throughout the week. The pool was great. The was very friendly and tried to get everyone involved. I would recommend this resort for anyone who wants a fun vacation spot with a good price. Overall, I left with a good feeling about the resort. Try it out!!!  
<Date>Aug 19, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>WOW! PARADISE! I have just returned from an idyllic 2 weeks at the LTI Beach Resort with my boyfriend. We were a bit apprehensive about going after reading some of the reviews on this website and we were expecting the worst. When we arrived however I could not believe that this was the same place people had been describing!! What more do people want from a holiday?? The beach was paradise - fine white sand and clear blue sea. The watersports centre on the beach offers outstanding facilities, a lot of which are free to all-inclusive guests, eg. kayaks, pedalos, catamaran cruises, boogie boards and snorkelling equipment. Have a go on the Tube ride - it's hilarious!The grounds are so beautiful around the pool and restaurant area that you never forget that you're in the Caribbean. There are a brilliant team of animation staff that work tirelessly all day organising things like volleyball, aerobics, dance lessons and football to name a few. Have a go at learning the club dance - it's a lot of fun!There was always a wide variety of food in the different restaurants and they always tried to cater for every nationality. I am proud to say that I never once got 'ill' the whole time I was there, and I didn't hold back with the food!We went on quite a few trips during our stay, some of the best being the Outback Safari, Quad Bikes and Horse Riding along the beach at sunset. You will never get bored here!So ignore the bad reviews and have a wonderful time. We had the holiday of a lifetime and met some great people who thought exactly the same as us!  
<Date>Aug 16, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>First experience in the Caribbean, not exactly a Johnny Depp fantasy I stayed at the LTI Resort Punta Cana during the days of July 17th to the 24th. The stay was reasonably enjoyable as you can experience many different cultures such as the Caribbean and European ways. As a Canadian, I didn't expect to come and not have very many native English speaking people at that resort although most of the hotels staff speaks reasonable english. It took me quite a while to communicate to the maids in the hotel for an extra towel though. If you have a teenage daughter, like myself, I am 17.. Do not leave her unaccompanied for too long without someone with her. I felt harassed and was 'hit' on almost about every chance someone had and although flattering I was getting questions like 'Are you married?' and 'Can you be my beautiful Canadian girlfriend?' (I had one person kiss my hand and not let me go until I danced with him)which I felt inappropriate for someone vacationing. This was not even the village people, this was the staff at the resort! I have to say that the disco at night was really fun and theres bearly a time where you can stand out because the staff is always asking you to dance. The beach is beautiful and the pools were alright, although you looked more luxourious in the pictures. There isnt much space to sit and relax if you happen to come later than 10 in the morning. Most of the chairs are already taken and reserved for the day! Another thing that I did not like very much was that 15 year olds could have as much alcohol as they wanted and often they would be drunk at night and become very innappropriate. As any teenager, I think its a great idea, except when it gets dangerous thats the only thing. I don't really have anything to compare this hotel to but I hope there are better ones out there. My brother and my mother got food poisoning after eating the hamburgers. My brother was even put on an IV and we had to pay so much for medical expenses. My favourite part was the animators. They were so great at their jobs and worked so hard throughout the day. The karoeke and the night shows were pretty funny as well. Thanks!  
<Date>Aug 13, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best Ever I do not understand what some people want from a vacation resort. Before my trip to LTI in Punta Cana I have read some of the e-mails printed in this review and I must admit that I had second thoughts about going there, upon arrival I loved what I have seen, enjoyed the food, the weather, the location, the service the only thing I did not like was leaving. Going back to LTI this coming march but this time for TWO WEEKS. Hope to see you there.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Had a good time, but wouldn't return WE were confirmed a superior room and upon arrival were told we'd have to wait two days! We ended up in one the next day. The front desk staff,waiters and waitresses were friendly and helpful.The food was not all that good, flies often around it,accommodations were fine and view (ocean front) was spectacular. The eating tables were not cleaned up immediatley and we often had to clear a table to eat!Especially unfriendly and unhelpful were the two girls who were stationed at the customer service desk.We were never given a schedule of available events, where to go for parasailing, for example. And lastly, this resort was swarming with German tourists, who , for whatever reason are not very polite, or friendly. Also, bring your own washcloths, Americans. None available!The weather is very humid (we were there 7/13-7/20).We were told we'd be compensated for our problems signing in, and never received such. Would not return, nor recommend it for other than sheer beauty and the heatless white sand.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2004
<Rating>2	3	4	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Relaxing Honeymoon My new husband and I stayed at LTI Beach Resort July 19-26th. Like many others we read through the emails of those who had gone before us and had a few worries. Our experience was a wonderful one. The hotel was clean and beautiful. It was small but we prefer a smaller resort. The beach was beautiful. The staff was so incredibly friendly and made us smile a lot. Our only problem was that my husband got pretty sick with stomach problems about 2 or 3 days into our trip. I ate and drank basically the same things he did but he got very ill. He was a trooper and we still managed to have fun. We would love to know what got him too.The rooms were very clean and we were able to upgrade to beach front when we told them we were on our honeymoon. That made our entire trip. We took it very easy and only ventured into town (shopping) once, on our own. We wanted a laying around-relaxing-swimming trip and we got it.The food was fine. I didnt have too many expectations considering its a buffet and we would be in another country. I am more picky then my husband and still always found something to eat. It seemed that there were more Europeans then Americans there which made for most of the buffets to be catering more so to them. The beach really is beautiful. You have to get up pretty early if you want a seat under a cabana- (which we needed after a day in the sun!). And the pool chairs are first come first serve as well. This means you need to reserve early with your towels or try and find something later in the day. That was sometimes frustrating. (Ironically we always had somewhere to sit!)We had massages by the ladies on the property and they were great. Especially listening to the waves from the beach right next to you.It only rained one day which we didnt mind. We felt pretty lucky that it hadn't rained more. We still swam in the pool and enjoyed the day.I have to say the staff really helps make the resort. They are always willing to help and fill your drinks or whatever. And they are just so happy! They made us laugh a lot. And if anyone is interested there is a Catholic Mass two resorts away at the Bravaro Princess at around 6pm on Sunday night. Overall we truly had a wonderful honeymoon and Dominican experience at LTI. We would go back!  
<Date>Aug 3, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>HORRIBLE!!! GOT SO SICK! We stayed at LTI July 16-July 21. We were so excited to be getting away and had heard wonderful things about Punta Cana. We should have researched the hotel thoroughly though. I do have to say the pool was beautiful and the room was nice. However, our view was of construction of a new hotel that is being built and any time we would go on our balcony, the guys involved with the construction would stare and scream things at us. The food was absolutely disgusting!!!!! Everything was outside and flies were all over the food. We got sooooo sick, and I mean SICK! Even after we got home, we were afraid to eat because everything went right through us. I would definitely NOT recommend this hotel! Research where you will be staying....don't make the same mistake we did!  
<Date>Jul 29, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>LTI=Worst vacation ever Save yourself the money and the time...and for most of you the pains of being sick. And I mean SICK. The place is a rat hole in disguise. At first glance it will seem pretty and tropical. That lasts for about an hour. Nothing good about the place. Food is the worst. Flies all over everything. 5/6 people were sick. The only person not sick was the trip organizor (and I think she was hiding it because she felt bad for bringing us to this dump). The service stinks. I didn't expect this place to be excellent or even good. It was aweful. Pool and beach are nice, but they screw that up by having a bunch of broken chairs. I kept turning around thinking I was on a hidden camera show. Stay home, stay at work, just don't stay at LTI.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Basic I stayed at the LTI, July 2nd to the 7th. The resort has about 6, 3 level buildings.I stayed in building 2 on the 3rd floor, facing the constuction, but didnt mind.They were constucting another hotel. Every room has a balcony,cold air, fan, two twin beds pushed together. To keep the air on in the room when your gone, put a blockbuster card instead of the card on your key when out of room! You'll see.Beach is beautiful, buttery sands, I went snorkeling. Beautiful exotic fish, but watch out when swimming. There is a lot of coral futher out, and these spiked red things, if you step on one I believe you might get poisened. Just dont swim to far out where there are dark spots.water is almost clear.so you'll see. This resort is perfect for a young couple to get away, who really dont care about anything but getting a sun tan.Breakfast was good,lunch bad.Grilled burgers that taste like fish and sausage. To many flies around food. make reservations early to eat for dinner at special restaurants. Italian or seafood not good.Two menus, one for pay, and your menu! get it.Humm Go al carte.Staff was the best, hard working people who get paid peanuts. LTI needs to put more money in this resort(Better food). And yes its the furthest hotel from the airport.Nice little city near hotel called La Plaza $6.oo taxi.Otherwise your trapped in the resort.My friends stayed at theBarvado princess, I liked that resort better.It's 5 hotels in one. Casino, 2 clubs, better food, better atmosphere.Hard to bring women back to room, the guards try to charge you. $35 dollers.Even for visitors from other hotels.Remember tip the staff, we got it great it the U.S.The hotel staff works 14 hours per day / $150 a month. At most hotels. Forget the guards.And bring U.S. currency, if you run out its hard to get U.S. money there. Small currency only.I didnt get sick either. Try the ATV ride, about 80 dollars. I f you have any question just ask. peace  
<Date>Jul 14, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Want to relax on a vacation? Ok, ignore the negative reviews and get on board. Want a relaxing vacation of the beach, pool, sun and fun, then this is the place. Food was average, but staff were always looking for ways to please the guests. Don't worry about the resort being European owned. People were pleasant and you have to understand, you are in another country and they don't have to speak ENGLISH. If this is what you want then I suggest you pick another island to visit, not another resort. I found it fun trying to remember my Spanish and German. Believe it or not it wasn't all that bad. Try to stay in Bldg 5, we had room 5202 and had excellant view of beach and pool. The late night bar and food is there as well. I believe it is the closest bldg to the beach. Snorkleing on the island is terrible. If this is what you want in this trip again, try another island. Water is very murky and full of Turtle grass. Did take one excursion and got to swim with sharks, but not what I look for when I go out snorkeling. Snorkeling better at Cozumel and St Thomas. All and all I had a wondeful relaxing time. If you want to email me for further info, feel free to. **Thanks for the earlier tip on the old credit card. I used a business card and was able to keep my a/c on while gone to the beach during the day. Also, I took a 32 oz mug which worked well when travelling to the beach or pool. (The Bartenders are happy to fill them.) Do your shopping on the beach shops, the deals are better. For Cigars you can deal with the guy on the resort, but make sure you know what you are buying so that you get the best deal. Also, pay the extra $2 a day for the safe lock for your room. Left important stuff there with no problems. Leave a tip for the Maid and you can get your mini-bar better stocked as well.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Another Great Vacation!!!  Our family just spent the week of June 12th 2004 at the LTI. My husband and I spent a week there in 2002 and were so happy with our vacation we returned again this year with our kids (19 and 22).The beach is beautiful, the pool is sparkling and in April 2002 and June 2004 we never had a problem getting chairs or cabanas, no matter what time of day it was. The rooms are clean and free of insect life. We stayed in building 5 in 2002 which is closest to the beach and farther away from everything else. This year we were in building 4 which I found to be perfect...still close to the beach and a bit closer to the pool and restaurants. I brought a bag of stuff from the dollar store for the maid and each day I left out a few items along with $2. She was thrilled.They appreciate cosmetics, perfume and chocolate. I also brought hair items, lotions, lollypops and chewing gum. The food is excellent with enough variety that even the more fussy eater can find plenty to choose from. The pizza in the Trattoria restaurant is awesome and the atmosphere in the Estrella Del Mar is a nice change from the buffet style restaurants. It is a small enclosed, air conditioned restaurant with some choices that are included in your all-inclusive plan, and other choices that require payment.(both those restaurants are by reservation only for dinner - you make your reservation w/ the hostess at the Mirador buffet in the mornings between 7a.m. and 10a.m.) There is also the Buccanero which is all grilled entrees... burgers, dogs, etc.  Three of us made it through the week with no stomach ailments at all... one of us experienced a day or two of discomfort...but I personally think it was more alcohol related than food related. Do not overdo it on the delicious fruit drinks. Coconut and pineapple both have laxative effects! Same goes for the fresh fruit... eat it in moderation if you are not used to eating alot of fruit in your regular diet. As for the resort being German owned and the complaints of other travelers about the German's rudeness and catering only to the Germans.... we found none of this. The majority of guests are Germans and Europeans but everyone was pleasant and I felt we all got equal treatment from the staff. There were also a number of Canadians and of course others USA travellers.  We did alot of snorkeling, rode 4 wheelers on the beach, horsback riding and para-sailed. The weather was gorgeous all week with rain only at night and little or no wind, just beautiful breezes. My son and I got Henna-Tattoos (they last about 3 weeks) and the guy doing the tattoos is from Czechoslavakia, speaks English and was a pleasure to talk with. Very very nice individual. The tattoos range from $7-$20 and the chameleon I got crawling up my arm was a fun addition to our adventure. The evening entertainment is a bit amateurish but it was still entertaining. The nights where there is audience participation are the best. So funny. In 2002 my husband and I were part of one show and we won 1st place and a lobster dinner. This year my kids each participated in a show and it was great fun. The best piece of advice I can give is go with an open mind and no preconcieved worries from people's poor reviews. Some people are just never happy and like to complain. Remember, you are in another country...their standards are not the same as ours ...a 5 star hotel there is not going to be the equivalent of a 5 star here in the states. And most importantly...have a great vacation...we did! If anyone would like more specific information about anything feel free to send me an e-mail. Please put LTI or Punta Cana in the subject line.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>British Be-aware stayed at the LTI Beach Resort 2nd June-17th June 2004 which Ican only describe as the holiday from hell.The hotel itself stands in beautiful grounds,the rooms were clean,the pool was inviting and the beach was great.The restaurants although looked fairly clean left all the food out uncovered attracting flys in abundance.If your not German or Dutch be prepared to wait at the bar because they will be served first!The hotel guests which are prodomanatley German are unfriendly and rude.After watching fellow Brits go down with diahorea one by one I myself started feeling ill on the 8th,after visiting the doctor was put on intravenus drip in my room for 24hours andthen after taken to hospital for a further 48 hours having further drugs administrated into my body.This was due to parasite infection which was caught in the pool,or due to food being washed in local water.discharged on the 15th flew home on the 16th.HOLIDAY GONE  
<Date>Jun 23, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>vacation on paradise A group of six people stayed at the LTI, on April 30 - May 6 and we all had a wonderful time. The resort is beautiful, sthe swiming pool is gorgeous and the ground is well maintain. The food was terrific, I do not know why some people give negative review when they go to a foreign country, you cannot get sometime everything you desire, I belive those people just complaint for any litte thing they see wrron. Give the staff their dues they really work hard to accomodate you and serve you, have a little humanity in you and try to understand their language barrier with yours!!!! overall we will defitnely go back to this beautiful resorts it was paradaise and fantastic!!!!!!  
<Date>Jun 9, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A nice vacation My best friend and I stayed at the LTI beach resort for the week of May 30- June 6 2004. This was our first trip to the Dominican Republic. Overall we had a very good time. The resort staff is all very friendly and accommodating. We stayed in building four in the resort. We were told by our travel agent that there is no construction taking place on the resort. That is not entirely true. Directly behind our room was another resort being built. The construction took place 24 hours a day. Albeit it is not on the LTI property but it is in plain view and can be heard. My friend and I were not all that bothered by the construction as we could rarely hear it in our room however the couple next door to us found it unbearable and requested a room change- which was honoured. The resort itself is much smaller than many of its neighbouring resorts which has its pros and cons. We never had any problems finding a favourable place on the beach or pool side nor did we have difficulty making reservations for the 2 a la cartes. If you are looking for a vacation full of rest and relaxation you will find it here. The nightly entertainment was satisfactory at best. If this is something you look for in a vacation go else where as it needs some work. They do have a disco that no one goes to despite the staff's desperate attempts to have you go. If you want a resort with a good disco go to the Grand Flamenco as the disco there is raved about. We did a number of activities well we were there such as parasailing, snorkelling, and an ATV 4x4 excursion. Be sure to book your activities through the activity centre as oppose to your travel rep on the resort as you will save a bit of money and the excursions are bit better quality in my opinion. If you are at all interested in leaving the resort to explore the neighbouring towns then I would recommend you take the ATV excursion it was with out a doubt worth every dollar. My friend and I were the only ones who signed up for the trip so we ended up getting a private tour. Our tour guide took us to a beautiful beach, a cave (that you could swim in) , a banana plantation, farms, and a near by village were we got to meet his family and friends! If you do go on this trip be sure to bring some things to give to the many children you will see along the way (such as candy/toys).Like many of the other reviews have highlighted the resort is German owned and there are VERY few English speaking people on the resort. Mostly German, Spanish, French, and Dutch. There is a very large language barrier so if you are someone who is looking to meet others while on your vacation it is helpful to be fluent in one of the above mentioned languages. The staff speaks broken English so you shouldn鈥檛 have to many problems communicating with them- we didn鈥檛. Well that is the Coles notes version of our trip. I hope that this was helpful. Feel free to email me with any other questions that you may have.   
<Date>Jun 8, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We had a great time! My husband and I spent the week of May 22-29 at the LTI in Punta Cana and it was wonderful. I didn't give it an Excellent rating just because the bellhop was nowhere to be found and we had to wheel our own suitcase. Apart from that we always had good service, the rooms were nice, clean and comfortable and the staff was always helpful. I did witness an outburst from one of the frontdesk guys towards a German tourist that was complaining about something and that was uncalled for, but personally I have to say that it was an amazing vacation for both of us. Two observations though: 1) Not all of the dishes are marked with their name and my vegetarian husband had a little bit of trouble choosing what to eat, so I had to serve all his meals. Because 2) it's true that the staff is not fluent in English and if he asked something they would just nod or say yes. So if you go there, you'd better speak at least Spanglish and be patient, rudeness will not take you anywhere... in any country.On our third day we joined the Interval World program that lets you stay at the Cayena Beach Club that somebody else mentioned before, and Oh yes! this was awesome!!! That restaurant had the yummiest steaks and food a la carte plus the appetizers, salads  desserts buffet. The staff is much attentive and fast, and the rooms... well they are all suites with a sea view. Even their location is the best, close to everything, and in the next months they are planning of opening a spa that will be used by the Cayena guests twice a week for free. We ate twice at the Pizza restaurant and I have to say the pizzas were so good! fresh baked and tasty, not overloaded with greasy stuff. We didn't make it to the seafood rest. but it was mainly because we had so much different food at the other places.The shows at night were also fun and creative, something different going on every night and the people is just the friendliest, I really don't know what some ones complain about. At Karaoke night we were singing beer songs with German folks and it was a blast... since we don't speak german! and the French people were just as friendly here, trying to express themselves in English. There are all kinds of activities to keep the guests entertained and it would be really hard not to find anything fun to do. The resort doesn't have a gym but there are aerobics at 10 am and noon every day and it's fun because they guys not only make you work out but also teach you some choreographies. It's also true that there are a lot of smokers but that is something that you have to accept outside of the US. We hate smoke and the stench of cigarretes but we'd solve this situation by sitting someplace where the breeze would keep the smoke away from us. In sum, don't feel discouraged by some comments here, go see by yourself and allow the Dominican hospitality to make you have an unforgettable vacation. Have fun and feel free to write me if you have any questions about this resort. We are glad we went although at the beginning I felt aprehensive after reading all the negative feedback here.We'll be back next year!  
<Date>Jun 4, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Amazing vacation! My family and I went to LTI on March 3rd- march 9th. We were a little scared to see what this resort was going to be like, because of all the bad reviews people were giving this resort. Take my word for it, none of it is true! the grounds are beautiful, ocean and beach extremely beautiful, rooms, very clean and tidy, food, very tasty, staff and animation team very very friendly. The animation team try their best to make your stay so memorable, and entertain you without a doubt! Felix, Memo and Rosa were all very nice and always in such a good mood, especially felix. he's quite a character! The shows at night were very much entertaining. I even got the chance to be part of the miss LTI show one night. what a memory I have of that night! two nights they had tropical dancers come in to put on a show for us, which was amazing, the dancing was spectacular. After every show at night they invited all audience members to come up and do the club dance with the animation team, which was always alot of fun. And also, before each show there was a smiley club for all kids, and they would go up on stage and perform a number of dances for the audience along with the help of the woman in charge, Beatrice. The hotel disco was opened everynight from 11-3am. I had a chance to go once, and it was fun because the animation team dont let you sit out too many dances! Dancing lessons were everyday at 5:00 and were sooo much fun. They mostly taught, salsa, merengue and bachata. and then followed by the club dance at the end of every lesson. It was kind of tough to get chairs under the shade however, so make sure to get yourself up early so that you can get yourself a chair. but please, if you are not planning on using much, think of giving it up to people who really need it. There were many activities on the beach, volleyball was always fun to play because the animation team participated alot. There was also aerobics on the beach which was always fun and a workout! Make sure that you bring some small bills from home if you want to buy little souvenirs from the flea markets along the beach. Our room was always nice and tidy, the maids did a wonderful job, if it takes them a while to get to your, just be patient! they do have over 400 other rooms to clean! however, the window on the bathroom door takes a while to get used to, but you can always just put a towel over the door to hide it. Make sure you bring an extra card or something to put in the slot so you can keep the air conditioning on while you're at the beach. We had a wonderful time, and Im sure that I'm leaving out some wonderful things about this resort, but do not hesitate to go. Everything is amazing and I'm sure if you go with an opened mind and just relax, have fun, and enjoy punta cana! we would definetely go back to LTI any day. great vacation!  
<Date>May 30, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Great Trip I was a little worried about the resort before we left NY due to the bad reviews we read on this site so we went with little or no expectations. The island and the resort were exceptional. We had no problems with checking in and we stayed in building 4. I will say that the air conditioning could have been a little cooler but it was adequate for the little time we were in the room. The fridge was always stocked with pepsi, water and 7up but again it could have been a little colder. Overall the grounds were exceptional the pool was great and the beach was fantastic. If you were wondering about the food anyone can find something to eat here. My wife who is very picky about what she eats thought the food was good at the bbQ and the buffet. The staff at LTI were all very nice and some spoke english enough to get by. I played a great game of volleyball with about 11 germans and they were all real great, although no one spoke english, we all had a lot of fun. I don't know why people seem to think they are rude, they were all fine to us. The resort put on shows every night and all were very funny and enjoyable. if you go bring plenty of small bills 1's and 5's as tips are appreciated. Make sure to bring pants as they are required for the steakhouse and the italian restaurant. I would reccomend this resort to anyone who wants to have a great time at a great price. Go without worry and enjoy yourself, and dont forget the sunblock!  
<Date>May 14, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Cayena Review - New addition to the LTI resort Trip Dates: May 1- May 8: My husband and I visited the Cayena Beach Club Resort, which is a new addition to the LTI Resort in Punta Cana. We exchanged our time share to visit the property, and I was having a hard time finding info on the Cayena, and didn't realize it was a resort within a resort. Here's the scoop: LTI built a new building intended to be marketed as a time-share property. The rooms are nicer (suites, marble bathrooms, oceanfront), plus there are other fringe benefits. They release rooms within the new building to SOME, but it is not predictable. You can request a room there (building 6), but it is not guaranteed. I recommend you email the resort directly to request a room in that building.Please note: The entire property is all inclusive. It was a surprise to us that we were required to pay the all-inclusive fee upon arrival, but it was affordable. It was WELL worth it.If you stay at the Cayena, you have access to the entire LTI property, plus private grounds only Cayena folks can use. The LTI grounds are very nice, the pool is great, the food selection is plentiful. The best think about the Cayena is you have a private restaurant by the beach that you can go to for breakfast and lunch. The food is special, as you can have t-bone, tenderloin, and other such food for lunch! More wine is poored before you can empty your glass. In addition, there is a beach-side pool, bar and hot-tub that is for Cayena folks as well. Unlike other reviews I read, I found the staff to be very nice and accomodating. The only challenge is that English is not spoken well (if at all), and you have to adjust. Most visitors are European, thus you can make great friends with the staff by bringing money to tip. It is difficult to get dollar bills, so bring plenty for leaving a buck or two for meals and drinks. The people are kind and hard working and deserve the tips. I read another review recommending you bring large glasses to drink at the pool. Good suggestion!Do not be afraid, Americans! It's a great resort.  
<Date>May 11, 2004
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We had a great time This was my first time in the caribbean. My wife and I arrived on Wednesday the 14th of April and stayed for a week. Our room was perfect and ready when we arrived at 5:00 p.m. There was no humidity, no foul odours, no noise. Television has a few movie channels, sports, etc. There is a small refrigerator stocked with Water, Pepsi and 7UP. We were able to plug in our travel iron in the outlets. The beach was absolutely fantastic, with very fine sand. Bring your snorkling gear: the ocean has beautifull fish and they like to play. The crowd is mostly German (80%) and there are few children. I can't say the German are especially cold or rude (except for one idiot...), but it is hard to socialize with them because of the language barrier. We made up for it by taking on the Bavarro Runner excursion with a francophone group. The food was great at the buffet. There is a very large selection. Try not to taste everything on the same night. We had no problems getting reservations at the pizza and seafood places. The entire resort is very clean. No use trying to get american dollars over there so be prepared to negotiate in pesos. We took a taxi and went to the Bavarro Plaza. There are two cigar factories and a nice jewlery boutique. The hotel employees are very nice, especially if you attempt to order in spanish. I didn't feel as though I had to constantly give tips to get good service. Tips are expected for the cleaning lady and the bagage boy. I had a wonderfull time and I would go back to this place.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Americans think hard before choosing LTI Immediately off the plane, I was astounded by the absolute natural beauty and colors of the island. Upon reaching the hotel, I was given a room with no airconditionning and no bed for my daughter. My husband had to slip money to a maid to have an extra bed brought to my room. Twice, I was promised another room in writing. After wasting a day of vacation to get moved, (we were told we could only get our new room at 2:00) it had been given to someone else. After another day of no air, we demanded it get fixed or we be moved. It finally got fixed. The resort overbooks people and blames it on the travel agents. German and Dutch people are definitely given preferential treatment. Of the forty fun Americans we traveled with, no one was originally assigned a room with a view. After some money exchanging under the table, some were given better rooms. We found the poeple, mostly German and Dutch , very rude and pushy making comments about Americans,( even coming up to you and insulting you) always pushing in front of you in the food lines and they always had chairs at the pool and beach. The rest of us were lucky to occasionally get a shade hut. It was amazing how people can be in such a tropical paradise and act so damn miserable and spiteful. Our vacation was saved by the fun group we traveled with and we met some nice English and other American travelers very happy to meet other friendly people. I t did my heart good to see my daughter playing volleyball on the beach with French, German, English and Dutch teens all having a good time together like kids, actually all of us, should. Food was OK but mostly the same all the time. Couldn't get reservations for the seafood place. Service was slow gettting a glass of water and coffee in the buffet. Ocean, grounds were immaculate and beautiful . I wouldn't go back to this resort. It should have a warning, You are welcome if you're not American. But they sure love our American dollar.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great vacation Returned from LTI on April 3, and it was a great vacation..The resort is beautiful and very clean..we traveled with my sister and her husband and my 4 year old daughter..we called the resort ahead of times and were given rooms together in building 4..Our maid spoke very little English but she was very nice and my daughter liked her very much..The staff at the resturants and bars were very nice..There were alot of Germans and Canadians there but I liked it..We met alot of different people from all over the world, which was a great experience..My biggest concern was my daughter because it was her 1st vacation..She had a great time and met a lot of kids..The resort has a kids club which is run by a woman Beah.She was wonderful..The club ran 10-12 and 3-5 and at night the kids would go up on stage for a kids dance..My daughter loved it..The food at the resort was great...They have gallons of bottled water in the rooms...And the ice cubes are made from purified water so drinks are safe..I hope somone finds this review helpful...  
<Date>Apr 14, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>WAs GrEat HERE! My mom, Me [15 yrs old] , my friend Maddie, and her mom all stayed at LTI beach resort from March 31st-April 7th.. And it was AWESOME. Yes there were retired couples there but we met tons of kids from Duluth, Mn., Canada, and New York. Along with socializing with the workers there..[ Which happen to be very friendly] Yeah ok, forget about the Germans and worry about yourself. We got bulding 6 [ It's new ] Fabulous!! I have to tell you though, the more things you leave for the maid, The better the service. I have to tell you, they don't have a wide selection of drinks, kind of let me down considering last year I stayed at the Riu Merengue and had much more to offer with drinks. But here, everyone is very friendly and they try hard to entertain everyone. The shows at night were pretty entertaining!! I have to disagree with the comments about it being lame! The beach was beautiful, kept really neat and tidy. Bring a extra card to put in the slot next to the door to keep air running while ur out of the room. Also bring smaller bills because if you want to go to the beach vendors you don't want to pay in big bills! Also bring chap-stick hah my lips got really chapped there! The resort is kid friendly they have a Smiley Club where kids can go throughout the day and before the shows they can go on stage and dance and sing. Get a chair early if your going to be on the beach because they get snagged up pretty fast.  Overall- It was a really good time everyone I came with enjoyed it and I hope you go there with an open mind and just relax, it's your vacation. Don't look for things to complain about, Because I think thats what some people do. They try their best and thats all that matters. If you have any more questions feel free to E-mail me!  
<Date>Apr 7, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Have been to better This was our 7th island vacation, our 4th, to a Spanish speaking island. We were able to communicate pretty well with all the others, but not at LTI. We had to ask for a security key for our room security box and had a hard time getting one.  We found the German people to be rude and unfriendly.  We took the Bavaro Runners tour and had a great time and would recommend this to anyone visiting Punta Cana.  Anyone going should expect to get up early to save a spot at either the pool or the beach, Germans excluded, thay can go whenever, and get a spot.  The food was good and plenty to eat. The grounds are beautiful. I would return to the Dominican but not to the LTI resort  
<Date>Apr 5, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Americans RUN !!!!! Well, we landed Sat. Mar. 27th and grabbed a taxi to the LTI. We paid the man that said he was the taxi driver $25 berfore we got to the hotel, when we got to the hotel another man demanded $25 for the ride. Make sure you do not pay for anything before you get what you want!! Then LTI said they did not have a room for us. They put us up in the CLUB PARIDISE (excellent, beautiful, wonderful resort) for two days. Which by the way we still had to pay for!! But we didn't mind because the CLUB PARADISE was FIRST CLASS and I will return to this resort. Monday we returned to the LTI. The waitstaff was not happy, no one was smiling and a 70 year old man was complaining about this resort being a old folks home. Here they cater to the Europeans. If you don't speak Dutch or German believe me you don't belong!! Americans are not welcome here and they totally exclude you from each activity. Which include Bocci Ball, Volley Ball, spanish lessons and dance lessons. THAT IS ALL!!! The beaches are beautiful but this resort is ABSOLUTLY AWFUL!!! Find another Resort, vist Punta Cana, but run from this Resort. The only activity to do is to nap, OFTEN !!!! Please take my word, unless you are in a walker, this resort has nothing to offer.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Exceeded our expectations! My wife and three daughters, ages 9,7,5 were very leary after having read numerous bad reviews. We were so surpirsed as this facility exceeded our gradest expectations. As we book through Vacation Express, as we have for the past five years, this was our second visit to the DR and Punta Cana. Last year we stayed at the Riu Taino and were very pleased. However, the LTI was fantastic. We all stayed in a family suite in building 5 with a gorgeous oean view! The room was clean and tidy, and plenty of beds for all, including a king for my wife and I, and a single bed each for the girls.The check in process was flawless, the food at the Marador and the Buccanneer were absolutely exceptional! What more can I say!We are beach people, and this is the best beach I have been to, including Hawaii and the Mayan Riviera, as well as Cancun and Aruba. The beach in front of the LTI is better than in front of the Riu complex.If you have three children and are looking for a great facility for a great vacation that won't leave you drowning in debt, you owe it to yourself to check this property out. We figure we can come here through Vacation Express on the on-inclusive plan much cheaper than we can fly to Florida for a week! Now that's real value!A big thanks from our family to Vacation Express and the LTI Beach Resort for a job well done!  
<Date>Mar 29, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it Having read many of the bad reviews I was a little hesitant about what I was going to be seeing when I got to the hotel. I loved it. I loved the lay out of the buildings where the rooms were. I was in #4 and had a view of the ocean. The pool area was lovely and kept very clean. The staff were very friendly. Breakfast....eggs, bacon, sausage, fruit, breads, yogurts. Lunch I usually ate at the Italian restaurant because I loved the pizza and salads there. Dinner... a few types of meat, pototoes, rice, vegetables, fruit, bread......even the fussiest eaters can find something to eat. At the 24 hour grill there was also great hotdogs and sausages and fries. I didn't try the burgers but they looked good too. The bars did a cocktail of the day which I enjoyed trying each day. As I am an early riser and enjoyed getting up to see the sun rise, I was often in bed before the shows started. I did manage to stay up to see Cats and one other show. Not really my cup of tea. Didn't bother with the disco, so have no comment. As I was in building #4 I had no bother from outside noises at night, which I have in other hotels. I tried a few of the trips...Saona Island, Bavaro Trackers (jeep safari) and Bavaro Runners (4x4's), catamaran reef trip and the Aquatic tour.....all were very enjoyable and on most you are encouraged to drink....lots of fun. My only complaint would be that the hotel seemed to be the first pick up and the last drop off, for the trips, so I was always on the bus the longest. I guess somebody has to be first!! Would definately recommend this resort. I found Punta Cana to be a bit more expensive than parts of Cuba but worth it.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Wow! What a beautiful resort! We would like to begin by mentioning that we found many of these reviews to be informative and helpful. I believe everyone has their own opinion or expectations of what they will find when on holidays, but there are some pretty tough critics out there. After reading many reviews, we felt very nervous about going to the LTI, but as soon as we arrived we were amazed at how beautiful the resort was and how hospitable and welcoming the staff was. We are in our late 20s and spent the March Break in Punta Cana, we have also travelled to the Caribbean various times and were pleased with LTI. The staff was extremely friendly and the animators were very energetic and sincerely tried their best to make our experience memorable...and that they did!! The rooms were kept clean and tidy at all times. When we arrived our air conditioning wasn't working and they fixed it immediately. The beach and pool grounds were breath taking. There was a good variety of food, but we were very cautious not to over eat and get sick. The weather was excellent, warm with a constant breeze and tropical rain in the evenings. The nightly entertainment shows were very entertaining and involved the audience at times, on our last night they even performed the musical Cats! The only complaint we may have is the hotel's disco, it was empty some evenings, but then picked up towards the end of the week. We did try a disco called Mangu which was a 5 minute taxi ride at another resort and had a great time. Overall, we had an unbelievable experience, filled with memories, laughter, new friendships, and relaxation. We would recommend this resort and definitely plan to return to Punta Cana. Paola  Anna  
<Date>Mar 25, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Annemarie
<Content>Loved our holiday My husband and I went to LTI Beach Resort in Punta Cana in January. We rate the food above average for that southern food. They had a wide variety. Buffet was good for breakfast and supper. For lunch the bbq restaurant or pizza was good. Drinks were great. Staff were always friendly and helpful. Entertainment could have been better, but better then nothing, they tried. The only big problem was we paid the extra for ocean front room with queen size bed, when we got there we could see the ocean but we hardly called it ocean front, and there idea of queeen bed was 2 twins. We had to complain and make a big stink, but the next day they moved us. So if there is a problem make a big deal and they will change it. The beach was wonderful , great!!!! Much better then in La Romana. The resort did not have as many flowers as some, but well maintained. If we went back I would return to LTI as it is a nice small good resort. Anne-Marie and Paul from Oshawa   
<Date>Mar 24, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Positively Impressed Like everybody else I also read the original reviews about LTI beach resort and felt the same gut wrenching negative complaints like I made the worst mistake in planning a vacation. But personally the moment I stepped off the bus into the resort we (me and my wife on our honeymoon) fell in love with the resort. First off we were greeted by a wonderful staff of bus-boys and the front-desk personel that helped us with all of our questions and quickly escorted us to our room. Since we were honeymooners we got an upgrade to an ocean view, king size bed, fruit basket and a bottle of rum. We then proceeded to the bar were, let me tell you I've personally never had gotten this good of service in my life, friendly, courtious, and willing to help you out. We've found that all week, the staff was excellent. The beach was everything that we have dream of, white sandy beachs and sky blue waters. The food was great but again your going to a different country and like everything it takes time for your body to adjust. The evenings show were hularious and the fun pub brought the evening to a close. People have got to remember that this is not cancun or daytona beach, there no late night college kid entertainment. The foriegn people staying at our resort, particulally the germans, were not very friendly but other than that, I personally recommend this resort and punta cana to everybody as we will go back for years to come. There is so many adventure to go on the week went to quick. Thanks LTI Beach Resort and Transglobal vacations for making a dream come true.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolutely amazing trip Wow, I had an amazing time at LTI. I was there from march 6 - march 13, and I didnt want to leave. The staff was absolutely amazing - very energetic, happy to be there and quite amusing. Yes, getting a drink did sometimes take a while, but come on people, give them a break, they are working in the sweltering heat at minimum wage while trying to please dozens of people standing around the bar. I give them credit, they tried their best at speaking english and they were never rude. The resort itself was beautiful - white sandy beach, clear ocean, large refreshing pool, relatively nice rooms, spacious resteraunts. There were excellent evening shows everynight as well, and the staff, once again, was excellent in that. After the show, they invited everyone to their disco... which was interesting, since barely anyone ever showed up, but me and my friends managed to make the best of it! My only complaint is some of the food... it sits outside for a while, so you have to be careful what you eat to avoid getting sick. Both my friend and I were sick for part of the vacation, but it definitely did not get in the way of my enjoyment. I honestly can't explain how amaxing my trip was, but if you go in with a positive attitude (which these reviews did not display, which made me doubtful before I left, but realized how judgemental people can be) while expecting a relaxing, peaceful and entertaining stay, LTI is definitely an awesome choice! If you have any questions, dont hesitate to ask. Enjoy your trip... I'm jealous!  
<Date>Mar 16, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>LTI was great! Just returned from LTI in Feb, 2004. Staff was wonderful; food was very good; restaurants were clean, as were the rooms. The one problem was overbooking- 29 of us were told at the airport that there was no room for us-we wre bussed to the Carabella where the food was so bad we could not eat. We finally got to LTI the next day, but rooms were not ready till late afternoon- so we lost a couple of days. We find some negative comments about staff and rooms hard to believe!! The people were wonderful. One warning- don't try the lobster- anyone who has eaten East-Coast lobster would NOT enjoy what they serve. Entertainment was mostly audience participation, but on two evenings a live band and a dance company performed- providing as good entertainment as any 4-star resort we've visited.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>FLYS EVERYWHERE My husband and I visited the LTI beach resort in Punta Cana last September for our honeymoon. The beach was wonderful and the resort was nicley setup. However the honeymoon fruit basket I was supposed to get for free did not come. The toilets in the lobby bathrooms were very dirty and clogged. The outdoor buffet was full of flys all over the place you could not even eat. The four restaurants just were not that good. The people who worked there were very friendly but, the guests were not they are very snobby. I had a lot of trouble trying to make phone calls from the hotel room. The operator would tell me to call back later. Over all I would probably not stay there again.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Our Worst Vacation We returned from Punta Cana on March 9/04. We were there for two weeks and stayed at the LTI for the first week. Nothing went right from the onset. LTI is overbooking because they are just finishing a new VIP building and putting people into it. We were upgraded into this new VIP building. The suite had a living room, but no furniture. We wanted a small table and two chairs, but never did get it. We did get two stacking lawn chairs so we were able to sit in our room. There were no curtains on the windows and we were on the ground floor. We had a dresser in the bedroom, but no mirror above it. There was a large pie shaped bath/shower tub with jets, but no shower curtain. When we showered the water went onto the floor. The keys to the room are the new credit card type. We got two keys, but only one worked. We asked and got the bad key reprogrammed, then the first key did not work. Then vise versa. At the end we still had only one key which worked. We arrived at LTI during the supper hour, so all of next day we were trying to straighen this mess with our room. That evening we were playing cards (on the corner of our dresser) when a rat ran from our closet into our bathroom. We both saw it. My wife freaked out. We called guest services. A young man came with a can of spray, sprayed the closet and bathroom and said no problemo and left. We called guest services and asked for another room, but it was too late and they said - tomorrow. The next day we spent talking to our Tour Rep. After a couple of visits and he talking to the resort management we were able to get another room in the old building. The Tour Rep told us that the only reason we are changing rooms is because the manager owed him one. I found that the bathrooms in the first room we were in have a cold air return, at the floor level, and the louvers are spaced very wide apart, so there is plenty of space for a rat to get through. I removed this cold air vent and saw dirt and pipes. This is a highway for the rats to commute to any room they want in the building. The room in the old building appeared tight and rat proof. We spent the rest of the day packing, moving and unpacking. That night my wife got food poisoning at the buffet. She spent the next 24 hours in our room and would not venture out as she had to stay near the toilet. In addition she had extreme sromach cramps, which lasted for another several days. In addition to the buffet, there are two a la carte restaurants. The Italian served pizza which was totally bland, thin and greasy. The International a la carte restaurant- Well I don't know what the food was like in there as we never got in there there . I estimate that restaurant has 40 to 50 chairs and there are over 1000 guests. I had to be in the line up at 6:30 to 7:00 to make reservations for that night. Thats too much for me. There appeared to be enough chairs on the beach, but if I wanted a chair under one of the grass huts (shaded) I had to be on the beach between 5:30 to 6:30 A.M. to place a towel on a chair to call it reserved. There also are not enough shaded areas around the pool. Once again, this is too much for me and I do not call this a vacation. We go back to our Tour Rep, who now knows us well, to request a transfer out of LTI. In addition to all the problems we had the resort does not have sufficient beach, pool and a la carte facilities which is causing the guests to battle one another into getting there first. I do not call this a relaxing situation for a vacation and we want out. It took two days, but we were able to get out and into our next choice. We did not get any follow up or apology from LTI. To break our contract we had to pay $200.00 plus a $50.00 cost to open a new file for the new resort. Our new resort cost us an additional $300.00 for a total of $550.00. Then, of course, 15$US for cab and another day of packing/unpacking. We spent exactly one week at the LTI and had no vacation, however, our new choice - the Grand Paradise was very satisfactory(with none of the above problems) and we had a good week. Thanks to our great Tour Rep. Without him we would not have been able to get any satisfaction from LTI directly.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The LTI was perfect! First of all, when you come to this resort come with the mind set that you are not in Kansas anymore! You are travelling to a different country! I am very dissapointed in the people who are writing negative reviews and wonder if they really went to the same place that I vacationed to. It is a very beautiful, special place! Just make sure to wake up early enough to make reservations at the seafood restaurant, it is very good. If you can make a trip to a nearby beach called Macao, it is absolutely beautiful and must be seen. There is also a delicious restaurant there if you are tired of the lti food. They serve fresh fish and lobster on the beach! The staff at the lti work very hard, and are very nice. A tip here and there is well worth it, and they deserve it! Try to go to the Isla Saona as well, it is a place of your dreams and the hotel offers tours, well worth it. Enjoy!  
<Date>Mar 11, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful vacation at the LTI We went as two couples to the LTI Restort, Jan.20-27, 2004. The couple we were with had been on the other side of the island at an all inclusive 2 years ago, so was helpful in knowing what to see  do. As far as the rooms go, short of one of the rooms having two single beds pushed together to make a bigger than King, the rooms were clean spacious. The bathroom door could loose the window, considering if you (as they did) let the coconut milk  beer get to your intenstinal track. It was uncomfortable having company with a bathroom window. The rooms were kept very clean the entire stay. The food was great actually took in the steak  seafood restaurant twice, food was fantastic  very reasonalby priced. The buffet  grill also had a great variety to choose from. Nightly entertainment was acceptable, we usually took a deck of cards and played before and after the entertainment. The disco-club too was entertaining, they had the best banana-mamma's. We found the bar staff extremely friendly, great sense of humor  very willing to try to communicate and know where you were from. The pool and beach was very clean  impressive with lots of chairs. The tours offered were great we took in a couple. We took a cab one day into Higuey and took school supplies to a school. They were so excited I thought one little girls glasses were going to vibrate off her face. They were very grateful of the supplies we took. The only complaint we heard was from an American fellow that was mad there were no face cloths (he didn't learn not to sweat the small stuff). We learned by the end of the week to put lime on our meals and drink the lemonada at the bar. Great way to help not having to use the immodium. My niece just came back from Porta Plata and the sand she returned with looked like gravel compared to the sand on our clean beautiful beach. We met people from all over the world  exchanged e-mail addresses. We all we all had a great time  would definately recommend the LTI Resort.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>LTI Great vacation spot for the money March 2004. Just returned from LTI Beach Resort, Punta Cana. For the dollar value, this is a good resort. Evening entertainment was pretty good. You must consider that you are not visiting a top North American hotel, but are in a poor country of very friendly people who are trying their best to provide entertainment about their culture. Food - the morning buffet was great. Everything you could imagine to choose from. Same goes for the lunch buffet. Also could get lunch at the beach grill. Supper at the buffet was theme oriented so you could choose to go or not. If not, the Seafood Restaurant was great. Required reservations. Did not like the Itallian Restaurant as the only choice was pizza and they were pretty bland. But again consider that the Dominican Republic is not a pizza country!! Rooms - clean and very nice. Ask to be in Buildings 3, 4 or 5 if possible. Closest to the pool and beach. Beach - what can I say - absolutely fabulous. Weather great. The LTI is a smaller resort so you have the opportunity to meet some great people from around the world. A lot of the guests are French or German, but a good range of English people as well.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Would go back in a minute! We just got back from the LTI in Punta Cana and we had such a relaxing time! The staff is excellent, friendly, helpful, courteous. The grounds and buildings are very clean. The pool area is beautiful, lots of foliage and room. The only complaint about the pool area is that the jaccuzzi has cold water.The food was excellent, lots of variety, new dishes to try. There is something for everyone. One of our favorite areas is the lounge area in the main entrance. It is peaceful, beautiful to look at, they play relaxing music and the ambiance is incredible.The beach is absolutely beautiful. We walked for hours in both directions. It is clean and safe. Lots of shady areas. We will be back for sure!  
<Date>Mar 7, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>LTI is recommended We were there from 28 Feb to 6 Mar 2004. TNT vacation. Like many other reviewers I read lots of reviews and frankly wondered if I had made a good choice based on some of what I read. I swear that some of the reviewers are born complainers with sight and hearing problems, and would rate heaven with one star!! So here goes. Remember that the Star rating for these resorts is not the same as rating NYC hotels. Our room was always clean and neat. Leave a note and a couple of bucks and you get extra soda in the refrig. Some complained that there was a musty smell in the room. What does one expect 20 degrees above the equator? I have experienced that at Cape Cod!! That minor annoyance is gone quickly with the more than adequate A/C. The food was above good and it was no worse or better than any other all-inclusive I have been to. Good variety and some of the preparations were excellent (salads, spare ribs, desserts, pizza, pasta). The drinks I had were great...all non-alcoholic. If all these complainers had carefully read all their documents they would have been fore-warned that the booze is all local and name stuff could be obtained for a couple of bucks. My wife said the beer and red wine were good, the white wine not too good. One of the reviewers said the bar service was very slow which we did not experience at all. You don't have to walk very far to a bar anyway..so walk there. 98% of the staff were very helpful and friendly. Complainers frequently start with thier own brand of unfriendliness and that triggers the same response. Do unto others......The beach was nice and the reviewer who was there at the same time as us must have been hallucinating about all the boat traffic. I could count on one hand how many came past our area. Also the beach is far from small and one can walk lirterally over a mile in either direction past other resorts. Nightlife was acceptable but then again I didn't go there for that pleasure. The staff did OK and get a A+ for effort. The idea is to read up as much as possible, remember that you are not going to paradise, keep your expectations reasonable, and start out with a positive attitude and it will come back in abundance. We travelled with our special-needs son and all the staff made alot of him. That is because he is unconditional and doesn't sweat the small stuff. The staff went out of their way to include him in the dancing, ( the Meringe ). One of the stores even gave him a present of a shirt and a pair of flip flops. One of the vendors gave him a present of a good luck necklace. It was nice to see that they seem to know just how Special he is. We thought the Express Check-In was worth the extra price. I am 69 years old. We zipped through at Logan and had front seats on the plane. We also went through Punt Cana airport quickly coming back, again with front seats. I would recommend LTI. Just do your homework to avoid being tripped up by things you weren't aware of.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Rumlover
<Content>beautiful beach Stayed at LTI 2/21-2/28/04,can't wait to go back next year.Was frightened before my trip to go because of all the violence in Haiti,and the travel warnings posted.I booked the trip through TNT-garber travel. Shirley was the travel agent I delt with,after the trip was paid for,Iwas treated like a nusaince and like I was stupid and didn't know what I was talking about,despite posted travel warnings on the Embassy web site. The fight from Boston left on time in this very old Pan Am plane, we got a good grinder,cookies and chips to eat,and the same on the return flight. Iwas seated in an aisle seat and the arm rest had sharp metal coming from it and made 5 tears in my jeans at the hip area.the stewardess said oh I think they were like that when you came on the plane and laughed. Took us 1 hr to get to LTI from the airport, because they dropped off at all the hotels first,ours was the furthest away.You could see the lobbies of all the different hotels as the people got dropped off, they all looked beautiful, and talking with people about the hotels that they stayed at,everyone seemed pleased, and that the 4 and 5 star seemed the same.LTI is a good value.The staff at LTI were some of the happiest people I have ever met, singing, dancing, laughing a lot of the time.The hotel was very clean,there were people cleaning and tending to the grounds all the time.We stayed in building4,they said we had an ocean view,but did not,if we had the 2nd or 3rd floor maybe we would have. we asked to be moved,but we needed 2 rooms together,so we never got moved. Once we were there, it didn't matter, place was gorgeous, very tropical, and the nicest beach I have ever been to.And was not scared once about Haiti,felt very safe,the violence was about 500 miles away, and did not affect us in the least bit. Breakfast was the best meal, they made you awesome omlets to order and delicious croissants melted in your mouth.for lunch we ate at the bbq-french fries were really good, the burgers were fair, I think they were the pre frozen kind, for supper we had the buffet, the pasta was great, you could pick which sauce and what kind of pasta you wanted. the fish was very strong flavored,they always had some kind of meat they were carving, the beef was very good, they had several theme nights,a lot of the food wasn't labeled so you didnt't know what it was, a lot of german food in the buffet also that looked nasty,but had plenty of choices and was always stuffed full after every meal. the drinks were very strong. half booze in every drink,but if you tell them to go easy on the booze they will, alot of the drinks tasted the same,despite what you asked for. and some of the deserts tasted like the rum punches! the best drinks we found were cubra libre(rum and pepsi)no coke at LTI-santa libre(rum and 7up)and the rum punch was good if you told them to make it not too sweet.we didn't eat at the seafood restaurant because we couldn't get a reservation,people would line up at 6:30 am to get reservations for the day.We ate at the italian restaurant that sold only pizza,that was not good.they made it with cheese made from goat or canned milk which tasted gross. We did a couple of excursions-the calypso party boat-$55-not worth it- good rum punch,but the snorkeling was too hard-about 100 people on the boat crashing into you and it was for a total of two hours, 20 min of it was snorkeling. Bavarro runnners was excellent-a must do, 20 people board this huge jeep like truck and they drive you all over the country side so you get to see diiferent parts of punta cana-we stopped at a cigar factory,a sugar cane field, this lady's house named Maria who is world famous for her chocolate and coffee,we saw how cocoa and coffee were made and learned a lot, also saw a cock fight, then onto a little ranch for lunch and a1/2 hr horse back ride around the hills, very pretty, then we went to this deserted beach that was beautiful.we also saw a rice field. we got to see how the ricers fruiters and farmers lived.That tour was $75. and was all day,very nice trip. We also took a 2hr horse back ride 5-7pm great horses, very gentle, and went for about 5miles down the beach with them! we could even run with them, something you would see on tv!! a bargain for$35! this was at the ranch that was right down the beach from LTI!! We were going to go to Santa Domongo for shopping but it was a 3+hr bus ride one way and wicked hot,so we just shopped at the fleamarket on the beach near LTI. what hagglers they are!! often obnoxious,they don't let you alone, about 1/2hr is all I could take of that at a time.they would ask 4x the amount of what something is worth,and you would have to haggle them down. Some good bargains,tshirts $4. got a huge wooden parrot,2 monkeys carved from coconuts and 2 coin purses for $40. Some of the stuff they sell is just pure junk.The shows at night were ok, some very dumb, others good with the dancers. The beds in the rooms were like boxsprings, we had 2 beds in each room,so we piled them on top of one another and that was better. to get a beach cabana you had to be at the beach no later than 7:30am to save one or you were out of luck, plenty of chairs not enough cabanas,nice breeze at the beach all the time, the pool had no breeze and was very hot.water was nice and clean and cool. All in all I loved LTI and would go back there in a heartbeat,plan on returning next year.There are some must bring items when you go.bring an old credit card-your room key holder is this shape and size-you place it in a slot upon entering your room and your a/c and fridge only work when this is in place-this way everything stays cool most of the time. a large plastic thermal cup-like from dunkin donuts-so you can have more than 4oz at a time of ice water or cocktails and it will stay cold for you-they serve drinks in plastic juice cups! saves you from having to keep running from the beach to the bar! bring non dairy creamers with you if you like cream in your coffee, the milk they had for it smelled rancid.bring peptobismal and immodium, I only used this one day but was sure glad I had it. bring powerful sunscreen-I used spf15 all the time, and I tan usually pretty easily,but still burnt a bit. bring about$50 in $1 bills, good for tips and shopping, I brought travelers checks and they were a pain. Get a room safe-about $2/day-worth the piece of mind.bring a small cd player for the beach- we did and it worked out great,the resort was very safe and no one touched our stuff at the beach. bring casual clothes-I packed way too much, usually wore shorts and a tank top, at night shorts and a t-shirt,or capris and a tshirt, didn't have to get dressed up because we couldn't get into the restaurant that you needed to be dressed up for. bring a travel alarm clock, no clocks in the room or anywhere in the resort,CNN on the tv in the room had a clock so that was helpful. They go by Dominican time very laid back, we thought we missed our pick up times for the excursions,but they always ran 1/2hr late! bring a beach bag to bring books,lotions,etc.with you to the beach. Have a wonderful time!!we did and can't wait to go back!!  
<Date>Mar 6, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a relaxing vacation!! I would highly recommend this resort to anyone travelling with children.We Stayed at LTI from Feb 25,2004 to Mar 3,2004 and had a ball! Everything ran like clockwork.The staff were fantastic, extremely friendly and kind to the kids.The kids program was a gem and our kids had a lot of fun playing with children fron all around the globe.The resort was spotless and was constantly being cleaned.The fussiest of eaters would not go hungry at this resort ( one of my children is a picky eater and he was able to choose from a huge variety of foods daily.)I read reviews about this resort prior to going on vacation and I would have to say that anyone who did not like the resort must have expected the 4 or 5 star rating to be the same rating given a Canadian hotel.No, the 4 star rating is not equivalent to a 4 star at home but if you base your review on cleanliness,friendliness,service, food quality and selection it definitely rates a 4 star.Hope you consider LTI,I'm certainly glad my family did!!  
<Date>Mar 5, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Look elsewhere... The resort is definitely not a 4 star as TNT Vacations said it was. I'd give it a 2, maybe a 3 star. The resort itself was beautiful and the beaches lovely. The service wasn't good at all. It wasn't unusual to wait over a half hour for a drink from a server. Our rooms weren't cleaned sometimes until 4pm (we usually head off of the beach around 3pm since we get on them before 9am). The food left something to be desired -- very repetitive and they do use one day's leftovers to make the next meal... I and others did get a stomache bug from the resort food (I didn't eat elsewhere and I brushed my teeth using bottled water, so it wasn't something I did wrong). The drinks weren't good either except for their pina colada. I asked for a strawberry daiquieri and watched as they poured grenadine, rum, soda, and ice into a blender... No strawberries or anything like it was added (and it tasted gross, but I don't like grenadine). Their wine was bad, and they only had 1 light domestic beer on tap. Just overall bad choices at the bar. The hotel employs staff to ask you to buy their goods (pictures of you that they took, horse back riding trips, massages, etc.) that can come up to you if you are walking around or sitting in a lounge chair. They are just trying to sell their service/goods which is somewhat annoying. Their is a small swim area and tons of motor boats go zipping by just past it so don't leave it! The wind is constant (which is nice) but may be too strong for the sunfish sailboat that is part of the all inclusive package (have to pay more to use catamaran). So if you are going budget, and don't mind the bad service or a stomache bug then go. Otherwise look elsewhere.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>amazing trip before going to punta cana, i read some of the reviews, and they did not do the hotel justice. the employees were all extremely helpful and kind. the resort was not infested with rats, as one idiot from london had wrote. the grounds were beautiful and there were always gardeners working on them. the food was excellent, but most of all the waiters and the bar tenders made my week a memorable one, they remembered my name and always said hello.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>February 2004 We stayed at the LTI in January and February 2004 - the room was very good (after we got moved to an ocean view - make sure you ask and they will move you), the cleaning and service staff were absolutely wonderful but the front desk were a bunch of sour and rude people who obviously did not enjoy their jobs!The restaurants were clean and the food was both plentiful and delicious - especially their deserts!We enjoyed the beach, a little crowded, but the pool was the place to enjoy the sun and ambiance of the resort.There was very little that was wrong with the resort EXCEPT for:The smokers are extremely rude and ignorant - they will smoke in the food line, in the pool, in the little shops, etc.... Seems as thought the majority of the smokers were French and German and have absolutely no respect for non-smokers. There is only one part of one of the 4 restaurants that have a non-smoking area and believe me every square inch of the rest of the resort is filled with smokers belching their blue smoke, dropping butts everywhere and spitting there sputem wherever they please. Seems as though each smoker was grossly overweight, rude, wearing a speedo bathing suit with their beer bellies hanging over - and that was only the women!!!!As I said earlier the resort is abolutely beautiful but do not go unless you are willing to be subjected the constant stench of cigarette and cigar smoke with smoke billowing about you all day long!Peter and Cindy  
<Date>Feb 23, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We got bumped! 2004-02-13/21 Conquest Tour Arrived at Hotel 8PM and not allowed off bus and after some confusion sent to Breezes for night. Breezes is large and party like..described by some like a small city. Glad we saw it, would not want to stay there. Saturday PM after wasting 2 hrs waiting for bus we arrived at LTI. This is a very nice quiet resort but has a nasty habit of bumping their guests due to overbooking. Talked to many people who experienced the same thing! Good variety of food and no stomach problems. Room was very clean.. but try to get one with a view in buildings 3,4, or 5. 5 is facing the beach. In room no iron or coffee maker, but has small fridge with pop and gallon of water. Brought lots of goodies for maids but did not ensure better service. Beach is very nice, bring snorkel gear and lure tropical fish in with bread. Front counter staff useless, other staff very friendly and helpful. Recommend Monster Truck Safari tour to see back country, lots of fun. Saona Island tour good too.. but crowded. Take lots of $1 bills for tips. Nice quiet clean resort but we do not plan to stay there again due to overbooking problems! Conquest Rep was very helpful!  
<Date>Feb 22, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Winter Break LTI Beach Resort deserves merits for making the Super Bowl available to us. When we got off our plane from Boston, several tour members threatened to board the return flight if the Super Bowl would not be viewable on the following day. apparently our TNT tour guide took the effort, and we began to hear that we would be able to see that game someplace at LTI. By Sunday afternoon the aerobics instructor (?) was carrying a poster around the pool with a message something like the following: See Super Bowl, American football, on big screen with open bar at 7:00 p.m.in discotheque.  My wife and I already had reservations for 6:30 at Trattoria, the Italian sit-down restaurant with pizzas as first course. However, we each ate about half of a very large pizza, and the waiters folded boxes slightly clumsily in front of us. We walked into the discocarrying our pizzas about 7:15, and were greeted by envious guests shouting, Where did you get those? We passed those boxes around, and most of the remains were grabbed up.  There were seats for about 50 guests, and there were about 35 Patriots fans, 8 Carolina fans, and a share of LTI staff people, seemingly from the PE staff (i.e. people like the aerobics instructor) as well as the English Entertainment Director (aut sim.) with his child, wanting to see and receive instruction in American Football.) Several of the guests had come from a neighboring resort, where Super Bowl was not available, and paid a fee to view at LTI and be eligible for open bar. There were initially problems with the reception, which was projection on a movie screen. By midway in the first quarter CBS coverage was available (though the viewing was never perfect), and it was possible to hear their description of the game and see the half-time show. (I'm not saying that was essential viewing, but the news coverage of it on CNN and other channels received in Dominican Republic would have been confusing if we had not had any idea what that was about.)  In the 4th quarter, when the score was 29-23, the entertainment director said (facetiously) You know how this game is going. You've seen enough. I'll just turn this off. We shouted him down, and we saw the game till the tie score was broken in the last minute.  Another real entertainment was the chefs at breakfast preparing the fried eggs and ommelettes. Guests were able to select ingredients for omelettes from bowls on the line and hand them to chefs. The chefs spilled olive oil on the gridle, broke eggs, holding one in each hand, mix them up, drop eggs on the gridle, and add the chosen ingredients, while guests watched. Not everything was perfect. Twice I did not receive the omelette that I ordered. Once my wife received that and I received the fried eggs the person behind me had ordered. Another time I saw somebody else receive the omelette I had ordered and I received another. Why not be tolerant, if the chef is good humored and the guest is not abused?  I was interested to read another review in which it was said that the staff had received preparatory training in English. They had varying ability, but most knew more English than I knew Spanish, and we could use different languages without grudging. Once I even became a translator for several German children, whose language I could manage, and a Dominican waitress in the buffet.  By the way, guests in the buffet whould not miss the non-smmoking dining room, if that is their preference.  
<Date>Feb 12, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>zonehuot
<Content>A magical resort. I have travel in many resorts in the caribean Mexico Cuba Jamaica and 4 times to the Dominican Republic, most if not all of them wer all inclusive. This resort The LTI in Punta Cana was a very good experiance. I have a tendency to read a lot of review and i find that so many of them are so full of balony wich reflects in the desapointement of being back in the cold or receiving their trip bill but we need to keep in perspective of experiance of traveling. What are we looking for in a Punta Cana trip. Excelent facilitys, Marvelous food , An unimaginable quantety of exotic drink's and what can we say about their local beer the one and only famous Presidente Wow, and the LTI was just that but what was unexpected was that most of the personel at the LTI receives on a regular basis language training in English and French and the they realy whant you to have the best of times and they are hapy to work their and it reflects into their faces and action.The Night Life is great show the Disco the dance lesons their music Perfecto.In 2003 i stayded at the Grand Flaminco Occidental it was very good also but we found that the personels wer harsh and made no efforts to understand us and make are stay more joyfull and the night life was simply BAD.We also found at the LTI that the propety was a lot more maintained then the Grand Flaminco.We absolutly loved it and plan on returning to the LTI and we recomend it strongly and if you read bad reviews it might very well be because they could not efford the trip and regreat it and they wer expecting the Moon.PS: The full moon from the LTI's pool is MagicalHave a good trip.  
<Date>Feb 9, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Toilet Just got home from what I can only discribe as the worst hotel in the world. The food was bad, the people were rude and to top it off the grounds around the pool were infested with large mice/rats. During the stay some of the american's contacted the local health authority who agreed that the hetel was a health risk but would not be closed down.Good luck if you've booked to go to the devils own toilet or as its known in the Dominican republic 'LTI-Beach Resort Punta Cana'  
<Date>Feb 5, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best Time Of MY Life Wow, what a blast I had at LTI Beach Resort. I found the people treated us great, guests and entertainers. The food was alright, it kind of got repeated though. The beach is absolutly amazing! I met a ton of people while we were down here, and most of them lived near where I was from. We hung out every night at the resorts dance bar. This was one of the best vacations I have ever been on. I am now friends with someone that I met on vacation, we have even visited eachother sine we have been back. I recommened this resort.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>not for the young at heart great if you are retired Our trip started off with a small problem.We had 18 in our group we had to pay early to make sure we got our rooms together.Guess what we didn't!. Four of us in one building one in another.they told us they had request from other people that they had to accomadate .They really had a hard time uderstanding english.but they were friendly enough .the food was okay not much variety,but the grill restaurant was really good.The bech is amazing the weather awesome.If you like deep sea fishing make sure you book through the resort.we did'tand we went out in 20ft swells the boat had no life raft and only one life jacket.the crew was to busy talking to watch our lines we got acouple bites but had no help so we got skunked it cost us 750.00us 75.00 per person.the grounds areamazing but youn can't listen to music by the pool unless they are teaching arobics.Nice beach great weather food needs help and the bartenders can not make the same drink twice with out wrecking it.We returned Jan 16 2004.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>chrissyBoston_Ma
<Content>The worst vacation ever A group of friends and I went to LTI last spring. That is a trip I will not soon forget. The resort is nice. On the other hand the staff was horrible. Even the guests were not nice, to the Americans anyway. We arrived the first day to find out that the toilets were broken. When we put a call into the front desk, nobody spoke english. We finally went down and found a staff member that spoke english which was nice. However, 4 days later and several attempts our toilet was finally fixed. The rooms were bug infested, and smelled like urine. Once again we went to the front desk and nothing was done. When I say the staff/guests were rude,I mean it! After a rain storm my friend slipped on the stairs and fell. I saw a staff member walk over her. Yes, thats right. Nobody offered to help her up or even see if she was ok. She went to the 1st aid person and they told her to put ice on it. When we checked out she got a bill to her surprise for $250. We were enraged!! We were also told by our TNT rep not to go on the beach after 6pm as there is a fear of rape and other bad crimes, cute huh? The food was horrible. Left out all day for flies etc to land on. I ended up getting sick after our first meal. I have never in my life had such a bad time on a vacation. Trust me on this one guys. If you are thinking of this resort DON'T DO IT!!! Save your money and go to Sandals where you will be treated like a king/queen!!!  
<Date>Jan 19, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Okay Vacation... Where do I start?My family and I stayed at LTI from 12/28/03 until 01/03/04. Upon arrival, they served us drinks right away which was very nice. Our room was in building number 4 and room number 4010. It was nice and convenient.. in the middle of everything. The glass door to the bathroom was uncomfortable, but a bed sheet over it solved the problem. The food got lame... very lame. Everyday, it seemed to repeat. One day they would have eggs, and the next day they would put the left over eggs into another dish. My father and I both got stomach problems from that. The nightly shows were very funny. My parents won the Ideal couple contest... for those of you who were there on 01/02/04 (you would know.)There are activities in the day hours on the beach and by the pool (aerobics, dance, pingpong, etc.)We stayed at the Occidental Flamenco 2 years ago, and it was alot better.Shopping- Always bargain!!! Give them a price, if they don't want to give it to you for that exact price.. Don't worry, there are many shops with the same things in them.Dinner- You have to dress up.Beach- Beautiful, but it was too windy to do any watersports or take a swimAny questions? Please don't hesitate to e-mail meNOTE: If anyone videotaped the nightly show on 01/02/04, please let me know.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>krandy21784
<Content>Very good place for a winter break My wife and I just returned from a six night trip to this resort. The ocean was beautiful, the staff couldn't have been better and mor friendly, and the rooms were great. I agree with other reviewers that the food runs from average to good.My recommendation is to research the offerings before committing to any one restuarant. You can always resort to burgers and wurst if you see nothing else. The beer is great..Presidente which I now fi9nd that it is sole in Md, The drinks are okay.The best restuarant is the Seafood restuarant which is 4 star service.We highly recommend and will return.TNT is who we booked through and they were great with an on-site rep.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TandPBoston_NY
<Content>What a beautiful beach! We returned yesterday from LTI Punta Cana and I assure you, you will have a wonderful week if you go there. The beach is beautiful - white sand, and very clean. There are more than enough chairs, and quite a few huts, but you have to be on the beach early for a hut. (Likewise the pool huts.) The pool itself is lovely The staff throughout the resort are extremely helpful and pleasant. Some don't understand English at all, but always try to help. The rooms were very clean, but sometimes our room wouldn't get made up until about 5:00. If you leave little gifts for the cleaning person, you will see a difference in your service! Each room has a mini bar refrigerator that is stocked daily with a gallon of water and two bottles each of 7UP and Pepsi. No alcohol. The best drink is the Bananamomma and it's best if you get it at the el Bucanero restaurant. This resort does not serve frozen drinks and they don't know what you're talking about if you ask for one. They think a frozen drink means 'with ice'. So, forget about frozen daquiris or pina coladas. But, the bananamomma was served frozen on a couple of ocassions. Re the restaurants: el Bucanero is a casual place and has a mixed grill every day. Pork chops, chicken, sausage, ribs, burgers and dogs, sometimes roast beef and fish. The chicken is excellent, the ribs tough but tasty, the beef is always very tough, and I didn't try the burgers but I heard people say they were different. You won't go hungry here. The main buffet restaurant - men cannot wear shorts or flip-flops or they will not let you enter. The food here I found to be not quite as good as other resorts. I also thought the selection was limited. Also, there is a cat that roams this restaurant daily and I didn't like that at all. There are two other restaurants - an Italian (Trattoria) and a seafood, both of which require a reservation for dinner. The Italian is pizza - your choice of many different pizzas, some of which you must pay for. Also there is a tiny buffet with salads and desserts. The seafood restaurant offers a several course dinner with full, excellent service. This is quite a bit more formal than the others. No buffet here and the food is the best of the resort. Several menu items are additional charges. Up the beach just beyond the water sports center, you will find a large group of vendor stands and you can find pretty much anything you're looking for. It's only about a 5 minute (or less) walk up the beach. Be sure to offer them LESS THAN HALF of what they're asking and stick to your guns!!! (For example, I bought a few beach wraps. They quoted me $40 each and I ended up paying $7!) It's a fun time shoppping! The resort had a few power outages during our stay. Usually they didn't last very long. The shows are not worth your time so don't be disappointed if you miss them. We went once and that was enough.All in all, you'll have a good time. Enjoy that beautiful beach!!!  
<Date>Jan 19, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>good property lousy service and food! we used TNT vacations which was our first mistake on our recent trip to the LTI beach resort in january of this year.My wife and our 2 children purchased a 7 day trip through TNT vacations and paid in full well in advance of our departure. Well suprise ; suprise ; the night before our departure we get a call from TNT that the plane won't be leaving the following morning as scheduled , instead it will leave the following afternoon. This would have been a slight inconveniance if we hadn't got another phone call the following afternoon telling us that now the plane would not be leaving untill the next day. What the !@#$%%^is that all about I asked the agent and was told that the plane was having mechanical difficulty. Oh yeah TNT has only one plane to punta cana and it better not break down because you might not leave for your vacation or maybe not return as schedulled either. Yes eventually we got to punta cana 36 hours after our scheduled arrival date.We checked in to the LTI beach resort and were told that the only available room was one with 2 twin beds for all four of us. What the !@#$$%% is that all about I asked the desk agent and was told take it or leave it. This was the begining of our not so great experiance at the LTI beach resort in Punta Cana.The same lousy attitude about service continued throughout the week. we would like to think that we are not the type of people who need pampering but even asking for a glass of water at mealtime would get the occasional sigh or that look of 'what Now' from the waitstaff. One waiter told my wife to go get the glass of milk she asked for herself from the bar not taking into consideration that she was trying to feed both our kids by herself.Oh yeah and where was I you might ask; I would have been there to help her but instead I was at the front desk battling with the reservations superviser for a room with double beds. Maybe too much to ask in this resort also. After the second day at the resort we got the room mess streightened out and got the enjoy the beach and the beautiful weather the remaining four days. Of course in true TNT fashion at 8 PM the night before our departure date someone slipped a note under our door (which we saw at midnight when we returned to the room) that there was a chage in plans and that we had to be in the lobby at 8:30 am for a 3 hour bus ride to a different airport due to a fuel shortage on the island. Can you believe that? Maybe you say OK thats possible. So we packed our bags at midnight and woke up the kids in the morning and grabbed a quick bite at the breakfast buffett (didn't ask for milk or water) and got on the bus with our 2 kids for a 3 hour very bumpy busride. It isn't over yet! We were at the airport two more hours waiting to find out if the plane would leave on time and also if it would stop for refueling somewhere else. Scheduled flight time came and passed and an hour later the plane finally took of . It was 4:30 in the afternoon and if we hadn't fed the kids the lousy sandwiches at the airport they would have to be satisfied with 2 bags of pretzels , 2 crackers and an apple given on the flight until the end of our 3 1/2 hour flight home. So you ask was it worth it? I'm still debating the answer to that question. Yes it was wonderfull spending quality time with our kids at the beautifull beach and the resort pool . But it would have been much nicer if TNT had held their end of the bargain and the agent at the Vacation outlet who highly recommended the LTI beach resort had done her homework. This was our second and last time using a vaction package through  TNT vacations and certainly won't be staying at the German owned LTI beach resort again.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Vacation This was our fourth trip to the D.R and we knew what to expect. We read many reviews on the hotel before we left home. We found the food to be very good and plenty of it. There was food available 24 hrs a day. Yes, the hotel is small and compact compared to others but this a Plus. Everything is relatively close by, one never has to walk a mile to get where they are going. The hotel grounds are well maintained. The rooms are spotless, large and sound proof. It does take a little to get use to the window in the bathroom door, but one can always hang a towel over it. We found the pool to colder then usual but it made for a refreshing swim. We found that the bars always had plenty of staff to serve you, never did you have to wait long for a drink. (I found this to be a problem with other hotels in the D.R.) The beach in Punta Cana is nicest beach on the island and runs for miles in both directions. We found a couple of small problems but nothing major. The staff at the front desk could be a little more helpful by not making you wait 5 minutes before they felt like talking to you. Also, they charge you to play pool and table soccer. This is a all inclusive resort, why the charge ? Overall we enjoyed the week at the resort and would recommend it to our friends.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great holiday Me and my boyfrien wen to the Lti BEach Resort of Punta Cana for 10 days we found it to be a great resort loads to do although the food was nice it was a bit repeatative i could not wait to get home to get a nice chicken curry !! i would reccomment it its great value  
<Date>Jan 8, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>catmox
<Content>Great Time! Spent 12/25 - 1/1/04 at LTI and had a fabulous time. Didn't go to eat hamburgers/or hot dogs so can't say we were disappointed in either as some readers have stated. The pizza was great but we preferred the other restraunts because we snack on pizza here at home. Can't imagine anyone would go away hungry. Found the food delicious, healthy and pleasantly served. Appreciated the smoking/non smoking areas in the restraunts. The frozen drinks were good, some times they needed to add ice as they weren't frozen, found this mainly right at opening time and when it was really really busy. Just went to another bar and got a frozen one if we wanted. I guess no one could constantly provide frozen drinks but knew if we had to drink one on ice the next would be frozen. Really enjoyed the Presidente beer. The rooms were spotless and quiet. Did not have to listen to our neighbors tv or conversations. Did not have any encounters with any other rude vacationers, regardless of their nationality. One American tourist stated he did not like the towel rule and did not observe it. He commented some people put their towels out and then went on tours. We never found this to be true. He stated after an hour he used the chairs any way. I am surprised he spent his vacation time checking his watch on the times other vacationers were away from their chairs! We simply found other chairs and enjoyed the weather. beach and pool. I know for vacationers with small children having the same spot was good so that the children would know the basic location on a daily basis. One family with two small children did put their children down for naps daily and then returned. I think we all appreciated this as every one knows children can get tired and become cranking but I guess the one American guy didn't like the idea of this family leaving their chairs for his hour time limit. We didn't go for constant provided entertainment. We enjoyed what they provided, read, walked, rode horses, shopped and enjoyed the water and sun. We had done our homework on the Punta Cana area and knew what was and wasn't there. Think everyone should know before booking a vacation what they expect and make sure what you want is provided where you are staying. We were surprised at the fact that some vacationers view the toplessness as entertaining while others simply view it as a fact of life. We try not to vacation in the same spot twice because there are just to many different places we want to experience. We must say tho, if we were to ever repeat a vacation, LTI would be it.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jzd
<Content>Georgeous resort...but small and compact! My husband and two adult children just returned ...12/26/-12/31/03. Unfortunately I was a bit queasy the entire trip. I think I may have eaten a bad clam at the seafood restaurant. However, I still managed to have a very relaxing time with my family. we had 2 rooms which were impeccable and close to everything. Actually, since the resort is very compact, I believe all rooms are centrally located. The resort is run by a German company and the German ladies think nothing of going topless in and around the pol and beach. After seeing about 3 topless, I got used to it. Although the little children were completely naked, which I never got use to! The men in all shapes and sizes wear little Speedo suits which now gives my husband his right to wear one on the Jersey shore...beware Americans!!! The language spoken by the staff was Spanish...very little English was spoken...or understood. The housekeeping staff was meticulous and were the rooms. I brought some jewelry that I no longer wear and put the articles in baggies with ribbons attached and gave the girls a present each day. They were delighted and so I was with their expressions! The food was plentiful...if you knew what you were eating. I think they cater to Germans, in the food catagory. I did manage to eat fine and so did my husband, but the kids were a bit more careful. Breakfast was eggs over light, ham..NO bacon, croussants, coffee (too strong for me) orange or pineapple juice. They serves cereals, great pineapples, melons, papaya...no straberries! yogurt and all types of sliced meat, hot and cold German fare. Lunch was pasta, pizza or grilled meats; hot dogs, hamburgers, chicken, french fries. Dinner was okay. We ate at the buffet the first night. Seems like they have the same thing daily. The seafood restaurant was okay...but you had to pay extra for the good stuff. The Italizn restaurant was horrible. All they served was pizza. My husband and I may return again...but without the kids. Not enough night action for them. For us...it was usally in the room by 9 so he could watch ALL the sports on the satellite TV. That really made the rip for him..as for me...my stomach is still queasy!!  
<Date>Jan 4, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>SO SO I stayed at the LTI Punta Cana from Dec7th-12th was so so! The first day I got there, we were suppose to have a room with two double beds, and we got one king bed! Our room was big, and quite clean. I liked the bathroom very nice, but very small! I found it hard to get a hold of the front desk in the evening. I tried calling many times but it just kept on ringing! The drinks were great! Very strong! But no International were inc in the all inclusive option. The food was ok. I had the grill one night which was very good! The Pizza was ok, nothing like on a cruise. The entertainment was un-professional, alot of people walked out in the middle of shows. I found lots of aunts in my room and a rat by the pool! The pool was open late till 10pm which I liked, but no hot tub. The beach was excellent, soft white sand, crystal clear water, lots of beach beds to choose from. Great little shops about a 2 min walk from the hotel along the beach. Greta deals to be found, but ever thing i bought broke! The disco was quiet. Overall I had a pretty good time, but maybe next time I will try something a little better like the Occidental Flemenco, or the Secrets!  
<Date>Jan 4, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wouldn't return, wouldn't recommend it. LTI Resort at Punta Cana, Dominican Republic is a nice hotel/resort in terms of accommodations, but I would never return to this, or any Punta Cana resort, nor would I recommend it to anyone. There is plenty of decent food to eat for any diet from carnivore to vegan and everything in between at the four restaurants. (But the selection gets real boring during a week-long stay.) The seafood restaurant is O.K. if you order something on the menu that requires additional payment. The stuff that's included in the all inclusive package on the menu sucked. The Italian restaurant really sucked. Although it advertised pasta and pizza, the only thing on the entire menu were different varieties of pizza, all of which were awful. (I've eaten better frozen pizzas.) The water is only Caribbean tourquoise out to the line of bouys, about 30 or 40 yards off the beach, which you are prohibited from crossing. I never was able to find out from anyone why no one was to ever cross that line, but I've since been advised that it is probably because the water is shark infested. Apparently for that reason, in an entire week, you never saw a single person snorkling or scuba diving out around the reef, probably a couple thousand yards out from the beach. If you look on the map, this eastern end of the Dominican Republic is where the Caribbean Sea and Atlantic Ocean meet, so the water is very disapointing if you've ever been somewhere like Cozumel. The water turns a deep azure green aboout 30-40 yards off the beach. Likewise at the two adjacent resorts on either side of LTI. About 60% of the vacationers are German, (LTI is a German hotel chain), 25% French, and the remianing 15% a mixture of mostly Americans and Canadians. Some staff are fluent in all four languages; German. French, Spanish, and English. The staff are friendly, welcoming and helpful, if you can locate someone who understands the language that you speak. Many of the staff are only fluent in the three languages other than Spanish at the bare survival level necessary in order to successfully do their jobs. There are 39 different resorts on the 27 mile Bavaro Beach. There was no real entertainment, nowhere to go, and nothing to see but the beach. The only things near are the adjacent resorts. (I noticed that one resort on the way to LTI had a casino, which would have been nice.) The national beer, Presidente, is the only beer available. It's a nice, light Pilsner, and quite drinkable from 10 a.m. -2 a.m. daily. Many fruity rum drinks are also in your all-inclusive package. A very limited variety of sold-in-America Brand name liquors are available at an additional charge. There are some gorgeous topless young French women on the beach every day, which was one of the highlights of the entire trip. In summation, the vacation value for the price is quite good, and maybe unmatchable. But if I had it to do over again, I would spend more money and go somewhere much better than this in the Caribbean.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Trip We stayed at the LTi resort in Punta Cana from 5-12 Dec 2003, Overall we had a great time. The food was good but the drinks were challenging, very sweet. The Presidente beer i was OK. Facilities and service are very nice. We asked several staff people about tipping and they stated normally it's included in the package but it's always nice to reward extra efficient service so we tipped an extra couple of dollars (1-3) and that usually resulted in more attentive service. The big issue we had was with the FRENCH and GERMANS, they were very RUDE and intrusive. We never really tried to find out why, but it reflects badly on the resort. We asked other visitors from US and Canada and they had experienced the same treatment. Here is some advice from a world traveler: CHILL OUT and ENJOY! keep your rudeness for when you are at home, it's already expected. We took the Fun Buggy and ATV rides...WHAT A BLAST!...Horeseback riding can be found on the beach, just go a bit beyond the quasi shopping mall and you will see the stables. It's about 1+ hours on the beach and very enjoyable, recommend the 5-7 PM trip. Overall a great trip!  
<Date>Dec 26, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not bad - Not great The Good: It was (relatively) inexpensive compared to other all-inclusive resorts in the area. Presidente beer is exceptional by any standard. The beach was lovely and well maintained. Met some terrific people from Toronto and other parts of the world.The Marginal: The food was plentiful, but not good - even by all-inclusive standards. Clientele is primarily German (manners are clearly optional in Germany.) The staff was friendly, but not overly so, often posturing for tips. Rooms are Spartan, but clean. Little activity outside of the resort; a market with the most aggressive vendors on the planet. Only about 1/2 the staff spoke English.The Bad: The kids club (including the alleged mini-disco) was understaffed and unenthusiastic. Beach activities are limited, and boat rentals and tours are inexplicably expensive. Unlike other nearby resorts there is no beer provided in the rooms. And worse, none of the bars serve Mojitos.The Verdict: Tough call. For the price, the LTI was OK, although I would not choose to go back. I have stayed at/seen other Resorts in Punta Cana and all are superior to LTI. Personally, I would pay more to stay at the Iberostar or again at the RIU Bambu.  
<Date>Dec 23, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Relaxing vacation My wife and I just returned from the LTI Resort on Dec. 14 2003. We found the resort very nice. The room was good and very well kept. Housekeeping was great. The food was good and certainly plenty of it. There was something for everyone. The pool and beach were great and the staff could not have been better. Especially the people running the daily activities. The nightly shows were not so great and the disco did not open until 11pm. Much too late for us senior citizens. It is a great place to relax. We are planning to return next year.  
<Date>Dec 17, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>southbound1969
<Content>Nice resort, nice price My wife and I stayed at the LTI Beach Resort 12/05/2003 through 12/11/2003. We arrived just in time for tropical storm Odett, the first storm in the month of December in 54 years I'm told. The weather was lousy for four days but days five and six were almost perfect. The beach is excellent with fine white sand. The water is warm with beautiful turquois water. There were lots of people on the beach but yet it was not overly crowded. The resort is fairly new and is nicely landscaped. The rooms are big and quiet and were spotless. There are plenty of bars scattered around the resort so you never have to go far for a drink. The food ranged from average to excellent. There are buffets and reservation only resaurants to choose from. Entertainment is provided at night and is a bit cheasy but amusing and keeps you busy for a couple of hours. Some of the staff is very friendly while others are just there to do their job. They are just finishing a new building on the property that looks like it will add another 150 rooms or so. Hopefully they will add the appropriate resaurant facilities and beach furniture so the existing facilities are not overrun. The whole Punta Cana area will be very big in a few years as they are in the process of building other resorts and LTI was full when we were there. We would definately recommend this resort to others and plan on returning later if the price is right.  
<Date>Dec 15, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very relaxing time This was our first trip to the Dominican Republic and we stayed at the LTI resort. We spent 5 nights during this trip. Good variety of food, hamburgers and hotdogs available most of the time, but also international and Italian cuisine. We had pizza one night but have had better. The room was clean, but the bathroom door was clear glass, not much for privacy. It was just the wife and I so not a problem but still脗 . The pool was very nice and well maintained, and the beach is the best part. White sand and blue green water, that goes on for miles in either direction. There were a LOT of German and French couples there and the staff spoke Spanish, we had a bit of trouble with the language barrier but got through okay. The service was good and they had a good variety of drinks, small tips go a long way to have the server watch out for you.There were local vendors on the beech and good deals can be had but you have to bargain. Fifty percent discounts or more are easily obtained. We bought a hand carved wooden box that started at $90 and ended up at $20. We would stay at the LTI again, it has a good rate. There is a new building being built they call the VIP building. They were hawking time-shares but we skipped that part. Good entertainment nightly, the only drawback was a tropical storm but that was hardly their fault.  
<Date>Dec 15, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The best experience!! My boyfriend and I went to Punta Cana last year (Dec. 14, 2002.) I was kind of leary about the hotel because it wasn't very expensive. But much to my surprise, it was awesome. The activity team there is so great, they try to get everyone involved. They teach you dancing, spanish, how to scuba dive, and many other things. The food there was also great, I love to try new things. The shows at night were very entertaining. The beach is also very very beautiful. It is a very good location because there are markets on the beach for shopping and there is also a marketplace close by which is about a five dollar taxi ride. The rooms in the hotel are very nice and clean. Our air conditioning was leaking and we called the front desk and they were there right away to fix it. There really isn't a whole lot to do but it is very relaxing. You can go on all kinds of excursions. We went on the Bavaro Runners for about $55. We got to tour all around Punta Cana and see a typical house, school, ranch, and also a cigar museum. It was very interesting and fun. The artwork there is the most beautiful and you can get a 4foot by 4foot painting for only like $30. All in all I would have to say this is the best trip I have ever been on, and I will definitely go back to LTI!!!!  
<Date>Dec 15, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>excellent value my wife and I stayed at this hotel 12-19th november and had an excellent holiday--only one day of poor weather.the food was ok in the buffet but for a treat try the sea food pan in the a la carte--lobster prawn mussels etc.the rooms were quite large and clean(you can keep the air conditioning on when not in the room by inserting an old phone card).the staff were very friendly and helpful and the beach and pools were clean  
<Date>Dec 15, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>loved the LTI, My wife and I traveled the first time to Dom. Rep. and spend 5 days at the LTI-beach resort. The food was good varity of international cusine, the room was clean the pool and beach was clean. We meet a lot of europian people from deferent countries. The service was good and the people was friendly. We play Tennis, vollybal, pingpong, water polo, and beach soccer. This is the place to just relaxe. We plan to go back next year the same place.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>NOT GREAT, a big bore   showReview(1497235, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 24, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fun Place w/ Intn'l Flavor   showReview(1495501, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 21, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved LTI   showReview(1494223, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 20, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good but food are very average   showReview(1482807, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 12, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NancyOO7
<Content>Wonderful!   showReview(1435356, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 3, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved Punta Cana, LTI can be better   showReview(1376981, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 6, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Vacation!   showReview(1271573, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 2, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>LTI Beach Resort!! The place to go   showReview(1154756, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 31, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>michiganmary
<Content>I found it to be average   showReview(924984, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 27, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>LTI Punta Cana Beach Resort   showReview(811435, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 25, 2002
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>angusQuebec
<Content>tr猫s bien   showReview(23417543, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 9, 2009
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Dezember 2008   showReview(23335915, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 6, 2009
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Aufenthalt im Hotel gleicht einer Butterfahrt   showReview(23127875, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 30, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DENNAT
<Content>Super belle d茅couverte!   showReview(23073348, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Yanrasb
<Content>H么tel moyen       Plage de Bavaro  
<Date>Dec 18, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	2	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>tunga78
<Content>Muy bueno relacion precio-calidad.   showReview(22830349, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	5	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>DOM REP   showReview(22958685, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 12, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tiboudee
<Content>Bel Hotel mais...       Piscine de l'hotel  
<Date>Dec 8, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	4	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Erholsam und alles hat gepa脽t   showReview(22963330, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 2, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>almiGuadeloupe
<Content>D茅tente et repos       la beaut茅 de la piscine  
<Date>Oct 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr 眉berrascht   showReview(22961093, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 10, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Angeneme Urlaub   showReview(22958316, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 7, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>julien3337
<Content>Super s茅jour   showReview(20654687, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 6, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Wundersch枚ner Badeurlaub am Traumstrand   showReview(22963586, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 26, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sere232
<Content>Una buona vacanza   showReview(20368539, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 25, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	3	2	4	2	3	

<Author>katy1609
<Content>Calme et D茅tente en All Inclusive sur une plage magnifique       parc de l'hotel  
<Date>Sep 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>ptitelily7
<Content>C'est quand qu'on y retourne!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! lol       Photo souvenir du daulfin island  
<Date>Sep 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Miserables Hotel...nicht zu empfehlen   showReview(22962211, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Was besseres gewohnt   showReview(22958823, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 8, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bewertung   showReview(22964090, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>joblo22
<Content>Pas mal!   showReview(19357442, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>es geht so !   showReview(22950703, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ein Traumurlaub   showReview(22943225, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>chachouille
<Content>excursion trop cher !   showReview(18706407, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Stefan666
<Content>Excelent qualit茅 prix   showReview(17120941, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	5	4	4	

<Author>sandra57
<Content>Superbe vacances!!!!       plage  
<Date>May 25, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	3	5	4	

<Author>macao77
<Content>trop grosse attente       uen des bague a la plage de macao  
<Date>May 17, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	5	1	5	-1	

<Author>JANET_VALVERDE
<Content>Lindas vacaciones       Con mi hijo, ese d铆a cumpli贸 16 a帽os  
<Date>Apr 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>tina1982
<Content>tr茅s bon h么tel !!       la piscine  
<Date>Apr 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>dakide
<Content>cartes postales       un personnel comp茅tent  
<Date>Apr 23, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LATOAST
<Content>Magnifiques vacances, conforme au prix pay茅   showReview(15228264, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 22, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MDPL
<Content>Tr猫s beau voyage   showReview(15078804, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	3	4	2	

<Author>solstic
<Content>Peuple chaleureux mais pas au LTI   showReview(14897174, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	4	1	1	4	

<Author>AlexNdra
<Content>Des Vacances De R锚ve!       Le fameux palmier!  
<Date>Apr 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	2	

<Author>Luisfe
<Content>Bueno   showReview(14636056, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>yoneidy
<Content>buen momento   showReview(14352260, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	2	2	2	2	

<Author>MR1973
<Content>Tr猫s bel h么tel   showReview(14349116, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>lepecheur
<Content>Excellent s茅jour,tr猫s belle h么tel   showReview(13560120, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 14, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>piaf84
<Content>Magnifiques vacances   showReview(13496286, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 12, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>broco
<Content>beau s茅jour mais?       piscine  
<Date>Jan 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>nath32
<Content>belle ambience       pres du lobby  
<Date>Jan 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>mf87
<Content>changement de consid茅ration apr猫s le check out et la remise de l'茅valuation....   showReview(12577812, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 13, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>zazagerard
<Content>15 jours debut d茅cembre 2007 au LTI beach resort   showReview(11518722, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 13, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bachataaa
<Content>g茅nial!!!!!!!!!!   showReview(11485560, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>SOLEIL677
<Content>Ador茅!!!   showReview(11207111, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>francheska
<Content>tres satisfait de notre s茅jour       Tr猫s belle piscine  
<Date>Dec 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	3	5	4	

<Author>voyage27
<Content>sait plus qu'un 4*   showReview(11168872, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 30, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Schoen
<Content>Hotel LTI Beach   showReview(11035802, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 25, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Derf-St-Jean
<Content>Tr猫sm beau site, mais...       Vendeurs de plage  
<Date>Nov 19, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>pooocki
<Content>Bon h么tel       la terasse de l'entr茅e  
<Date>Nov 15, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	4	3	3	

<Author>liloueYvelines
<Content>super hotel   showReview(10504478, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 1, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>neferram
<Content>Un super s茅jour !!!!!!!       La plage  
<Date>Aug 28, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Shatou
<Content>superbe vacances!       un petit massage?  
<Date>Aug 15, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>toasteure
<Content>superbes vacances, rien de n茅gatif!       ma chambre du pavillon #4  
<Date>May 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>mtlyne
<Content>Bien , mais je n'y retournerai pes   showReview(7391438, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 18, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	3	3	3	2	3	

<Author>lenaManta
<Content>Recomiendo el hotel   showReview(7270102, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 2, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>Fiatou
<Content>Tr猫s bien mais je n'y retournerai pas       Le bar principal  
<Date>Feb 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>charlau
<Content>s茅jour sympa 脿 punta cana   showReview(6782542, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	2	4	-1	

<Author>Hedbos
<Content>Tr猫s exotique       Hotel3  
<Date>Jan 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>nano116
<Content>Restauration   showReview(6622420, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 19, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>cracotte645
<Content>rien 脿 regretter   showReview(6598302, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 15, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	3	4	4	

<Author>karymidi
<Content>belle semaine   showReview(6595611, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	3	4	

<Author>Loulou45
<Content>presque parfait   showReview(6503884, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 27, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>Blueberry01
<Content>Bon rapport qualit茅 / prix   showReview(6006244, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 24, 2006
<Rating>3	4	4	4	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>Alexis67
<Content>Un coin de paradis...   showReview(5729633, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 31, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	3	4	5	

