<Author>PM09
<Content>Great location  We stayed at the Diva for 3 nights in Nov 2008. The hotel is in a fantastic location and recently renovated. The mexican restaurant next door (Colibri) is so great we went there twice. It would be nice if the hotel offered breakfast or could recommend somewhere nearby that was nice. A couple of the reception staff had a lot of attitude when I made a couple of basic queries (eg nearby laundry service). Please note that it is a main street and in a big city, so there will be a little bit of street noise if you're a light sleeper.When I next visit San Francisco I would choose a different hotel but in a similar area close to Union Square.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2009
<Rating>3	3	4	5	4	3	2	4	

<Author>TheCallaLily
<Content>The Calla Lily The Hotel Diva was a great place for my daugther and I to explore San Francisco. The goal of our trip was to expand my daugther's art and cultural horizons. It was the staff of the Hotel Diva that made our trip. David, the concierge quickly taught me how to parallel park my not so green Jeep Commander rental car in one try on busy Geary. Sorry San Francico it was all the rental car co had left. Each morning we were cheerfully and patiently given great guidance on how to explore your fun city. When we were on the plane about ready to take off I asked my daughter where the Calla Lily was that we had been drying. She had intended to use the dried Calla Lily to create a gift for my son and his future bride since the Calla Lily was their chosen wedding flower. She said that she had been drying it in between some of the newspapers...which I realized that I threw in the trash. We had picked this very special Lily at Bonita Point Lighhouse after two attempts at veturing out in THE BIG GREEN COMMANDER to find the Marin Headlands look out for the Golden Gate bridge. I called the Diva from the plane and spoke with an Assistant Manager who combed through the trash in our room. About three weeks later we received the in tact dried Calla Lily which had been carefully secured for a long trip back east. My daughter used it to create a beautiful picture for my son and his new wife to commemorate their wedding day. Everyone is San Francisco was so kind and helpful. We would return to the Diva in a heart beat. The latino restaurant next door is WONDERFUL! We used the computer lounges alot. It was so nice that you provided a printer. Thanks for providing us with a very memorable time in SF!  
<Date>Jan 3, 2009
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MrDirector
<Content>Heaven of Design and Comfort at Hotel Diva Being a lover of everything design, Hotel Diva felt like heaven to me. Starting with the beautiful reception area, the whole hotel has been designed not only to look good but also to be extremely comfortable While I had read raving reviews about the hotel before I booked my three night stay, some of these reviews were saying that the rooms were pretty small. I was therefor pleasantly surprised to discover that the rooms weren't small at all.The bed was out of this world comfortable and the shower in the bathroom had great water pressure, something rare in a hotel.The location of this hotel can't be beat. It's literally two steps from Union Square, is close to big restaurants and theaters. This is definitely becoming my favorite hotel in the city by the bay.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2009
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BluesTraveling
<Content>A nice, affordable hotel near Union Square I found the Diva an ideal hotel for the price and the location, and I have no major complaints about the service or the room. I booked one of the slightly larger rooms, which made my stay more enjoyable. It had a couch and table to accompany the more standard hotel furniture and king-size bed. Someone referred to the furniture as office, but it would more properly just be called urban contemporary. I rather liked it. The bathroom was a bit small and not the greatest, but it sufficed. Not too many TV channels, but a nice large TV and free internet. The location is very convenient to BART, Union Square shopping, theaters, artsy places, restaurants, and larger conference hotels (such as the Hilton). The area is active, bustling, and a little gritty, but nothing to be too worried about as a guest. Overall, I would recommend it, and I definitely plan to stay there again when I need a room in downtown San Francisco.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	4	5	

<Author>KimSal08
<Content>Bed Sheets and Comforter I don't want to start off on the wrong foot for this Hotel, because it was a very nice place to stay, the location was great (that's what made the Hotel) However we were a little disapointed there was no DVD/VCR in the room. Second, once we were in the room, there was this card on the night table that said To save Water and not polute the air. blah blah blah, we will not wash the sheets unless you request us too. on day one, i guess it didnt hit me, but then by day 2, i was like, ok if they dont wash the sheets, bedding, then it makes me wonder about the Bedspread (comforter)!! That is when i said, ok i am not liking this one bit.. But if you can stomach that sort of thing, then this place is not so bad.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ekb_8
<Content>Wait for everything My boyfriend had previously stayed at the Hotel Diva and had rave reviews about the hotel. Unfortunately, we will not be coming back. We waited in a line for at least thirty minutes to check into the hotel. We took advantage of the valet parking, however, what was slightly troubling was the car being left in front of the hotel for a couple hours before being taken it to valet parking area. Before checking out, we requested the car to be brought out and ready for our departure. After standing in line for at least another 30 minutes to check out (mind you waiting for everyone else to state their personal complaints of the hotel to the concierge), the hotel realized that they had forgotten to get our car out of the valet garage and we had to wait for another 20 minutes for our car's arrival. Although the hotel has potential, it is extremely overpriced for the service you receive.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	2	2	1	2	2	

<Author>janettogo
<Content>best in many ways Love the name. Very convenient location to all forms of transportation. Always felt safe.Loved the decor. Took in theatre right across the street. Desk crew always kind and informative.I would stay there again and recommend highly.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>christiansommer
<Content>Stylish gem A classy place just next to the Union Square on Geahry street. Great location, great design and great atmosphere. No real breakfast and restaurant but a Starbucks and top-rated Mexican restaurant to the left and right as well as coffee-and-tea equipped computer rooms available. Great stay, classy ambience and a nice stopover in San Francisco  
<Date>Oct 4, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Schulze05
<Content>Great Anniversary Trip       VERY Comfy bed!!! It was heavenly!  
<Date>Sep 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>ebnyc
<Content>Ok for one night Got a decent deal through AAA (just under $200 with tax), and wanted to stay near the BART and the car rental places while in SF for one night. The location was great for both of these purposes, and the hotel was fine. Not fabulous, and wouldn't want to spend a lot of nights here, but for one night, it worked fine. The woman at check-in, Ruth, was very welcoming, and was quick to get us a bellman when the key cards to our room initially didn't work. Room was small, and decorated with what I'd describe as Ikea chic (cheap, designer wanna be furniture, but I still prefer it over gross, old, overly used traditional pieces you see at some hotels). I liked the light in the bathroom, which gradually got brighter the longer you were in there (nice in the middle of the night or first thing in the morning), but thought it was weird that the table lamp had a motion detector, so it went on when you passed it. You do need to be careful not to walk more than a half block to the West, lest you end up in the Tenderloin, but going other directions was touristy and fine, and Union Square is about a block and a half. Overall fine for one or two nights, but wouldn't stay longer at the Diva.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Siggles2
<Content>Diva was ok After reading many reviews I finally decided that the Diva would be a good choice for our 1st trip to SF. Here is my honest opinion good and bad of the Diva.1st off the sign for Hotel Diva just is a diamond shape mounted to the building that just says Diva on it. The strange thing is the sign isn't above their door so be aware when arriving. Staff was friendly. Room and linens were clean but the room was VERY small and smelled. I went out to Walgreens and purchased a Glade plug in which helped alot. I don't know why the hotel doesn't do something like this themselves. The buildings in this area are very old and smell of it, just be aware. To add to the smell the floors under the carpet must be wood because they creak. The person in the room above ours kept walking from one side of the room to the other every night during our stay for about 2 hours each night with the floor (our ceiling) creaking the entire time. Drove me nuts!!!! The decor- they call it Diva Sexy, I call it office furniture. The dresser was an old 2 drawer file cabinet with a wood top. I don't know about you but the last thing I want on my vacation is a reminder of work. Location is great for the BART, cable cars and all other MUNI transportation. If you are coming for shopping this is also the place for you as just 2 blocks away is Macy's, Tiffany's, Gucci etc.I wouldn't call the location shady but it is dirty. There are a few homeless (to be expected in a downtown city) but there are more people palm out just wanting money, they don't appear to be homeless this just seems to be their day job. Every morning when we left the hotel we were asked for money at least 3-4 times in a 2 block area. We did feel safe leaving the hotel and walking East, however our last day there we made the mistake of walking just 1 block West and down to catch a bus to go to outer areas and did not feel safe at all. Thank goodness we saw 3 police officers standing a block away and felt better about our situation we had walked into.Bottom line is we paid $180 for the Diva. I feel we did not get value for our money.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	2	3	3	-1	-1	

<Author>AngieMcG
<Content>Some nice touches made it an enjoyable stay The Hotel Diva is a good choice for those wishing a comfortable hotel with character near Union Square. Our room was exceptionally clean with modern decor and furnishings, and nice touches such as iPod dock, widescreen TV and complimentary toiletries. The free internet stations dotted around the hotel were also very welcome, as was the free coffee in the morning. The staff were friendly.The only negative aspect of our stay was the location of our room on the 5th floor which overlooked a dark alleyway. We thought that the lack of natural light (which caused problems when trying to get over jetlag) would be balanced out by lack of noise - but were wrong. The noise of building work (like the sound of smashing glass) from 4am onwards was highly irritating. These rooms should be avoided.Overall a good stay though.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	4	-1	5	

<Author>crossglobaltravels
<Content>friendly  The hotel is a few blocks from Union Square  the powell st bart station which made it a great location for me. the room was clean  the staff friendly. i had a problem with the wifi connection but a call to tech support straightened that out . no complaints about my stay here. the hotel is sandwiched btwn mexican  starbucks (definitely get the mexican!).  
<Date>Jul 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>jetsetera
<Content>Didn't love it, didn't hate it.       bed  
<Date>Jul 24, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	3	3	3	

<Author>SVaughn1
<Content>Delightful Diva Four of us stayed at Hotel Diva on both ends of a 10 day trip to California.On the first long weekend (3 nights) -- we were in room 708 on the Salon floor. 708 is a 2BR/1BA suite with ample room and a pleasing decor. It was so enjoyable -- that we requested this same room for the next weekend.On the second weekend (2 nights) -- much to our surprise -- the hotel upgraded us to Suite 701 鈥?a large, fabulous suite. They also comped us a lovely bottle of white wine.Hotel Diva is located just down the street from Market Square -- which is loaded with great dining -- great shopping -- and conveniently located to both cable car routes.We also had a complimentary continental breakfast included with our suite -- excellent coffee, yogurt, danishes and croissants got us off to a great start each of our mornings.We cannot say enough about the staff! They were all courteous, kind and very knowledgeable of the city. If we needed something -- we asked -- and shortly thereafter -- we received.We highly recommend Hotel Diva! We were not disappointed -- and doubt you will be either.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Nik31
<Content>Last time I slept so badly, I was in a Hostel in Barcelona I hated this hotel. It's located on the shadier part of Geary Street. The room was very worn and smelled. I was on the 4th floor and about 5 feet from my window was a parking lot and outside my door was the business center. The walls are terribly thin! I couldn't sleep there... either I heard people outside my room and it sounded like they were in my room or the cars in the parking lot were moving around. I don't know, I'm usually an easy going person, sleeps everywhere and never has an issue... but I was truly unhappy at the hotel Diva.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	3	3	3	

<Author>lovintravlin66
<Content>Nice, clean, friendly staff This motel is set basically like an apartment that was turned into a motel. It was excellent in serving our purpose. We stayed in the Queen suite, it was great having seperate rooms, me(Mom), my daughter (teen) and her girlfriend had a seperate room from my guy friend who vacationed with us. The rooms were very clean, and the staff was very friendly and helpful. The continental breakfast was just OK(not offered with all rooms). We were in the back of the motel, so I guess thats why we had absolutely no problems with the noise issues some of the other reviews reported having, we even talked on day about how quiet the rooms were and how we couldnt hear outside noise nor people in the other rooms or halls at all. Every floor had a lounge, which my girls loved in the evening. I felt completely safe with them going, being that you had to have a room key to enter the lounge at all. Do have to watch homeless people, but that is in all the bigger cities, not any worse than any other larger city I have visited. Everything is pretty close, or the trolley is close enough to commute to other areas if needed. If you are going to stay a week, it is worth getting a week pass for the trolley, it is $5 a pop everytime you get on or off ($24/wk). The pass will also be good for the other public transportation like the buses and such also.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Nicky33609
<Content>Great Location. Decent Price. This boutique property has an excellent location off Union Square, easily accesible to theaters, public transportation and restaurants, for those who prefer its ultra-modern decor. Rates are moderate and the staff is professional.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>BonitaLanita
<Content>I love Hotel Diva! My boyfriend and I just stayed at the Hotel Diva and loved it. The staff was great and personable. It is connected to a nice Mexican restaurant that I plan on eating at next time. They have convenient valet parking and the manager, Rudy, is the greatest. We stayed in a very spacious room with a HUGE AMAZING bed. It was great and in very close proximity to shopping, restaurants, BART, everything!We plan on staying again in July. See you then!  
<Date>Jun 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>marnimann
<Content>Absolutely fantastic!!! What an amazing little find! When you book a random hotel online site unseen you never know what you are going to get. For the first time ever I ended up getting more than I ever expected! Rooms are modern and beautiful - decorated with care - no grandma bed spreads here! Staff was very friendly, helpful and attentive. The hotel was very central making it an easy spring point to anywhere in the city. I am a hotel snob and I have found my new San Fran home in Hotel Diva.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Killcare
<Content>Great to stay with the Stars Location so close to Union Square was magic. The rooms are small, very functional with cutting edge decor, which we enjoyed. The down side was that they tended to be a bit noisey. Staff were helpful and the rooms very clean the beds were also very comfortable. We would stay here again for the location, and as we were tourists and did not want the facilites of a 5 star hotel (i.e. gyms and resturants) we were happy with the cost saving. The ability to be able to walk anywhere was such a bonus, we would be happy to stay here again. The high speed internet really worked in our room.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>maize12
<Content>kate and i love the diva we have stayed at the diva previously. it seems to get better and better! the staff, i.e.everyone is genuinely friendly. housekeepers and the front desk especially! they actually remember us!.. the rooms are comfortable without being cheesy with accessories.the staff willingly interacts with the guests and it makes us feel at home in the big city!  
<Date>Jun 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>lilgreenmomo
<Content>Great Little Hotel Great Location Fabulous Beds       The Hotel Facade on Geary  
<Date>May 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DebbaJoy
<Content>VIVA the DIVA!! I booked the Hotel Diva after reading reviews on Tripadvisor - which I read with a grain of salt. Not sure what some folks think when they book a room in the middle of a fairly large city. I expected the rooms to be small, I expected city noise, I expected to encounter all kinds of people, including the homeless. What I found at the Hotel Diva was a decent-sized room (which they graciously upgraded for me), not much noise (the only noise I heard was an occasional door-slamming), and some homeless folks that were actually quite friendly and totally harmless. The staff was top-notch - everyone we encountered from the manager to the cleaning staff couldn't do enough to make our stay enjoyable. The room was very IKEA-like - slick and efficient. Plenty of room for two. I liked the fact that the sink was located separately from the bathroom which made it quick and easy for two of us to get ready for the day. Plus, the room was spotless! We were upgraded to the 7th floor, which included a lovely continental breakfast each morning with coffee that rivaled Starbucks (which was right next door, by the way).As someone else commented, the lobby wasn't much to speak of but who spends time in the lobby? It was small, but sleek with a concierge that was pleasant and very helpful. If it weren't for him we might have missed our day trip to Yosemite. The tour company for some reason had our name wrong on their list, but the concierge ran out and caught up with the driver and got it straightened out - and we didn't even book the trip through him. Definitely take advantage of the wonderful (and free) wine reception offered in the lobby a few nights during the week (I think its Tues through Thurs from 4pm-6pm).Let's talk location. You can't beat the location of the Diva. It's in Union Square, blocks from public trans that can get you anywhere in the city. We didn't need a car, and at $35 a night for parking and gas at $4.09 a gallon, public trans is a blessing and a bargain. We took BART from the airport ($5.25) to Powell St. and walked to the hotel, with luggage in tow. No major hills from Powell to Geary - about a 5-block walk. Get yourself a 1- or 3-day Muni pass and take the subway, bus, trolley or cable car anywhere in the city - all right there from Powell St. You're within walking distance to restaurants, shops, nightclubs and theaters. We walked to Chinatown one evening for dinner - not a bad walk at all, no major hills involved. Honestly, we didn't have one bad thing to say about this hotel. I'm always leery booking something sight unseen and have been burned more than once, but you can't go wrong here. The price is right, the location is great, and you won't encounter a better staff. If you want to be treated like a DIVA, then definitely stay at the DIVA!!!  
<Date>May 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>00crusader
<Content>Hotel Diva, A Great Boutique Hotel in Union Square April 30th to May 6th 2008, Got back from Hawaii (I actually live in Union Square area) and spent two nights at another hotel that was blah. Checked Priceline and booked two nights at the Diva. Couldn't wait to get out of the other hotel and went straight to the Diva. Got there before the check-in time and was able to check-in early. The room was perfect with everything I needed, iron and ironing board, hair drier, large flat screen tv, I didn't even have to go to the sports bar to watch the games. I hung out the Star is in sign on the door so that I would not be disturbed (needed to catch up on my sleep after partying in Hawaii and not being able to sleep at the other hotel). The housekeeping staff during the day, would call me on the phone just before they left to make sure I was ok and asked if I needed anything. The staff were all very helpful, courteous, friendly and professional at all times. I never heard a no or negative at all while I was there. Would I stay here again, oh yeah, I extended my stay from 2 nights to 6, one of the most comfortable hotels I've been to.  
<Date>May 6, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>GoWhoopers
<Content>Just Right My family (husband, toddler, and I) stayed in a studio queen during our three night stay in San Francisco. The room was clean and it was nice to have an entirely separate sleeping space for our daughter so we could stay up a little later after putting her to bed for the night. The staff (from housekeeping to front desk) was professional and helpful, and they went out of their way to be nice to our child.The location of the hotel was convenient. We easily walked, caught a trolley, or rode BART to every attraction we wanted to hit. The noise from the street seemed to leak right into the room, but it was mostly a problem on Saturday night. Sunday night and Monday night were much more quiet.  
<Date>May 2, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Dcman91
<Content>Great Great Hotel + great value My family and I (wife and 2 daughters, ages 7 and 9) stayed at the hotel Diva for a week on a vacation. We highly, highly recommend the Diva, and we had a great time.We stayed in a studio suite queen, which provided us 2 separate bedrooms that shared a bathroom, this was perfect for us. Complaints about noise on Geary street are valid, ask for a room in the back. The individual that checked us in gave us a choice and we did this, and the room was quiet.Our beds were comfortable. Our rooms weren't big, but weren't tiny either. We did fine with a week's worth of clothes as long as we were organized. Our bedrooms and bathroom were very clean and stayed that way throughout the week. Note to visitors, tip cleaning staff at any hotel a few dollars a day, this always goes a long way.The staff were sociable and helpful 100% of the time, including cleaning staff, and several staff members made it a point to be engaging to my children. My kids weren't ignored and were treated well. I greatly appreciated this. The hotel does appear to be marketed to adults, but my kids fit in fine and we did not feel out of place. I noticed they have many specials, several geared towards kids The lounges were great, I liked the style and appreciated having computers and morning coffee available.Are there homeless outside, yes, and they are all over San Francisco as well. While I don't care for being hit up for money every 5 minutes, neither was I harassed, and one homeless gentleman even directed my daughter towards the inner sidewalk when she was unsafely heading towards the street. Polite homeless folk? Only in San Francisco!I truly don't understand some of the negative reviews on this site. I've traveled a lot. Was our experience perfect? Well, I found a piece of lint once, and the screen saver on the computer in the internet lounge jammed up from time to time. Twice the coffee in the lounge came a little later than I wanted (I was on NY time and was up between 4-5am most mornings) So what? Any complaints I might have are minor in comparison to the major issues I've experienced at other hotels. You want perfection and someone to jump when something minor bothers you? Pay 5 times as much and go to an expensive chain hotel. Stay in NYC sometime and you'll see what I mean. Our experience at the Diva was much, much better than average and I would happily stay here again, with my family or on my own. It was a great experience and a great value.Dcman  
<Date>Apr 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>honhi96825
<Content>Pluses and minuses I read the reviews on this page before booking this hotel. There are positives and negatives to this property. Here is my 2 cents:+ Location to Union Square and the theater district. My conference was at the Hilton, which was one block over. And prime shopping nearby! + If you like modern furnishings, this hotel has it. Flat panel TV, a lateral file cabinet for a dresser, curled steel as a headboard, great toiletries, condom in the safe (safe sex!), removable tatoos, clock radio with MP3 player connection, coffee maker, and best of all - FREE WIRELESS INTERNET access! + The beds were very comfortable. + The front desk people always greeted me when I arrived and left. The wine reception at night was a nice touch. Loved coming home and being greeted by wine! - My room had windows that was not facing Geary, but the other street (is it Palmer?) is noisy on the weekends thanks to 2 popular nightclubs. One had an overflow crowd on the sidewalk waiting to gain entrance, which means a lot of loud talking, laughing, etc. BUT during the week, it was relatively quiet. - Yes, there are homeless people hanging around Geary, but geez....this is SF Union Square and there are homeless EVERYWHERE! You just ignore them. As a single woman, I never felt unsafe. Overall, I would stay at the Hotel Diva again. I thought it was a great hotel for the price.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	5	

<Author>Oceanne
<Content>Staff acting like divas - noisy - and dark rooms Price is reasonable for downtown SF. But you'll get what you pay for. Some European tour operators describe it as a designer hotel. It is rather modern than design, and definately cold.As other reviewers mentioned, it is quite noisy, rooms are pretty dark during the day, plus you might get smell of restaurants kitchens depending on your room location (backyard). Heaters in the room and ventilator in the bathroom are extremely noisy too.Desk staff is acting like divas...clients should be treated like divas....Still, if you're on a $90-100 budget and wanna stay in a clean Union Square hotel, you might consider it. The neighboorhood is not as bad as the Metropolis one - another personality hotel, cheaper in every way.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	2	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>ardengood
<Content>Great Location We stayed at the Hotel Diva April 1st-3rd. It was difficult to find because of the small lobby and flags for signs. The valet staff seemed confused at times and didn't jump to assist us with bags and arrangements. The room itself was small, but comfortable. It was in a quiet corner of the hotel, and we didn't have any problem with noise. The business center was easily accessible and internet service was quick and reliable. I was able to print Alcatraz tickets and boarding passes easily. The robes in the room were a nice touch. It is in walking distance to Chinatown, and public transportation for other sites.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	3	4	

<Author>ChinaGirl_7
<Content>Noisy but nice The Hotel Diva was nice, and had we been able to get a good night's sleep, I would have given it five stars. But when I figure that the main reason I'm staying at a hotel is to catch an uninterrupted 8 hours' sleep, I'll have to only give this otherwise friendly hotel only three stars.It has great location right across the street from SF's Broadway theaters and is only a block from Union Square. The rooms were not fancy, but decorated nicely with a bit of modern flair, sort of like Ikea with a hotel twist. We got a room on the inside where it was fairly quiet, but the heater was really noisy... an old Amana (do they even make them anymore?) wall heater and a/c that was left over from before the renovation. We had to turn it off in order to sleep.There were some late-night revelers who came home when the bars closed, and the door slams were pretty loud; police sirens woke us up once, as did some hallway chitchat. The noise problems were about the only really negative things about the place, yet we didn't sleep well as a result, and that pretty much ruined us for the following day. On the plus side, the hotel staff is super friendly and helpful, the elevators worked nicely, and an obvious effort had been made to make the interiors pleasant and modern. The rooms were clean, the beds were comfy, the bathrooms tidy, and the fixtures new. They have a small gym, free Wi-Fi, and a bunch of offices for guests to use. Valet parking is $35, which is about the same as 24-hour parking in the area, but if you park it yourself at a garage around the corner on Taylor, it's $28 for overnight ($18 on Wednesdays and Sundays, for some reason).This obviously is an old hotel that was recently renovated. It has a lot of good things going for it in terms of location, style, service, and price, but I don't think I'd stay there again unless the place had better soundproofing and upgraded heaters and air conditioners.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Heather875
<Content>Okay hotel with Great location, will choose different hotel next time We stayed at the Diva from March 24-28, 2008. Upon arrival, I can see how this hotel would be easy for cab drivers or anyone to miss, as there is not a big sign at all. Check in went great, David, the front desk clerk was very nice and even offered us a hopon/hopoff tour of the city. We passed b/c I had already made arrangements for a city tour the next day. Our room was very small and had a strange almost metallic odor so we switched to a slightly bigger room that had a desk. We could still smell the odor a little but not as strong. I will say the bed was extremely comfy with nice down pillows and soft sheets.The pictures on the website definitely make the place look better. We also found that the computers in the business center and on the floors were extremely slow if they were working at all, which did not please my husband at all. The drink machine also took our money on 2 seperate occasions. The coffee in the morning on the 6th floor was delicious, but it would have been great to have a continental breakfast like the folks in the larger rooms on the diva 7th floor. The rooms are very, very minimalistic.Our room was facing Geary street, which made for a lot of noise every night, including the garbage trucks that came through at 5:30 or so. The location right near the trolley car and Union Square was hard to beat. It was an easy walk to the financial district, China town, and even the Ferry building. All in all, the hotel was just ok, the service was really good, but I will probably choose a different one next time I go to the City that has a little more ambiance and amenities.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	5	4	5	4	1	

<Author>gigi655
<Content>the Diva was divine! We stay in the city quite a bit and have wanted to check out the Hotel Diva for some time now. It was fantastic. It is a small boutique hotel. The staff was excellent and so friendly and helpful. The room was wonderful. The ambiance was divine. They have done a wonderful job of making the rooms cozy and romantic. The colors and the furniture and accents in the room were warm and spectacular.They had a wonderful package deal that included the parking, which is a must to consider when staying in San Francisco. Where can you stay for a night in the city for under $200 that includes the parking?!The location is a block and half from Union Square and right across from the Curran Theatre. We were able to wander all over without having to worry about transportation. We stayed to see the Chinese New Year Parade which is one of the best parades in the world. We will use the Diva as our hotel of choice whenever we go to the city - for the theater, SF Giants and 49ers games, the festivities of the Chinese New Year and Christmas (the lighting of the Christmas tree in Union Square.)We want to thank the owners and staff of the Hotel Diva for making our stay so wonderful.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Queenbee4sure
<Content>Expected More We spent five days at the Diva. First of all the staff were very accommodating. That part was good. The cleaning staff did a remarkable job each day. Of course, we encouraged that by leaving a tip. We told the front desk during check-in, it was our anniversary. They told us they would upgrade us to the 7th floor at no additional cost. We were delighted until we saw our room. I believe it was a handicap room, for it was small, but had a huge bathroom with safety bars everywhere. The room itself was so small, had we been large people we would not been able to stay in this room. We were constantly running into each other in this small space. The view was the pits too. The view we had in this one window room was the wall of the building. The street people seem to congregate more so on this street too. The pluses were continental breakfast and newspaper each day. The coffee was really good each day. Our room was quiet and the bed was nice and comfortable. Very clean room.The flat screen TV was nice too. This Hotel is within walking distance of the Bart and all public transporation. The shower was not that great either. And there is really no lobby. I would not stay in this hotel again.I think there are better offers for the money.Oh, the Mexican resturant next door Colibri was very good, but remember everything is ala carte. So when you think a $18.00 filet is reasonable in SF, be aware it's the steak only. Oh, yes make reservations. Very busy place.This Hotel is clean, but no frills whatsoever. The only big item is the flat screen TV.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	3	3	3	4	

<Author>coco060
<Content>Very disappointed Mouldy bathroom. Room was dark during the day and light at night. Very noisy. Poorly maintained. Old noisy matress. Complained to front desk staff and at least someone tried to clean the bathroom a bit. Only redeming feature was front desk staff friendly and helpful.Wrote to management upon our return and have never even received the courtesy of a reply. Back to the Triton next time!  
<Date>Jan 29, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>acali2dc
<Content>Very sexy little boutique hotel - perfect location! If you're looking for a reasonably-priced hotel in San Francisco, look no further than Hotel Diva! Although I was there for business travel, it felt way sexier than your standard corporate rate hotel. The rooms are very small and ultra-modern, and there aren't many luxuries, but if you're looking for a comfy, quiet room in an awesome location, this is the place for you. The bed and pillows were super comfy, and all of the rooms have LCD TVs mounted to the wall where you can position them wherever you want. The location is hard to beat - just steps away from all of the great shopping and restaurants in Union Square. The staff is incredibly fun and helpful, and you can't help but feel like you're in a hip nightclub no matter what time you're in the lobby. It's always a party at Hotel Diva!  
<Date>Jan 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ShellywUK
<Content>Great Location We stayed for 7 nights over Christmas and New Year and picked Diva as it sounded a bit funky and unusual and the locations great.We stayed on the 6th floor near the lift, we had a huge room with a dressing room off with sink and fridge and the bathroom was a good size, we were at the front of the hotel the only problems were the connecting door to the room next door you felt like they were living in the room with you esp at 4am and the street noise was quite loud all night.The Diva markets its self as a sexy hotel but to be honest I really itnot feel that at all, for me there was nothing Sexy about it at all itis more industial in style and it getting ready for updating.On the plus side it is great location, the staff are really helpful and the free internet cafes are really handy. There seems to be a problem with homeless and offend there would be people begging around the hotel but after walking around San Francisco(a lot) it seems to be a problem everywhere not just in the area the hotel is in.We loved San Francisco and would really like to visit again, I think next time we would stay around Fishermens Wharf.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	4	2	4	

<Author>VertigoSeoul
<Content>Stylish update to an older building in the heart of Union Square We stayed 2 nights: New Year's Eve and New year's day, and the location was ideal in the heart of Union Square. Saks 5th Ave is a few blocks away, Japantown is a brisk 15 minute walk...Friendly hotel staff, valet parking ($35/night) The hotel is a quirky older building (not a bad thing), with dead-end corridors ending at full-height windows looking out onto the street, glass walls looking down into restaurant/common areas. Personality Hotel Group has added a modern sleek look to the whole place. Blue elevator buttons, stainless headboard that peels away to reveal the wall, Artemide night table swing arm lamps, simple modern shower fixtures all add to the industrial chic. The shower was strong, room had complimentary wireless, filing drawer dresser, writing desk, Swing-arm flat screen TV, bertoia diamond chairs, room safe, separate washsink area. Bathroom was a little small and tiles looked like they could use some cleaning and some grout. The bed was comfortable and room was clean, other than the bathroom tiles.Gym was small and a little depressing-blinds were pulled closed to hide the roof fans, gym door probably could have used glass so it didn't seem like you were working out in a prison gym.Business center was nice-I printed out directions to our Sonoma hotel.There is a Starbucks attached through the lobby and a mexican restaurant (we did not try, but looked upscale)Overall, a nice stay in an older building with some decent modern updates.How we got the best rate: $229 New Year's Eve, $129 Jan 1st. After searching around, we got the best rate by booking early on the Diva website directly.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	5	

<Author>HollywoodTravelAgent
<Content>Union Square adjacent LOCATION: The Diva is in a great location right next to Union Square in the theatre district. Plenty of shopping, restaurants, pubs, convenience stores and a couple all night eateries in the immediate area. The BART's Powell St Station is a short walk along the trolley line.HOTEL: Diva is a smart little place built in 1912 with a fantastic staff. The property is modern but not ultra-trendy as you would find in other large hotel chains such as W Hotel and Mandarin Oriental. The internet lounge was very convenient. The hotel offers a workout room but we opted out as our trip was short and we figured we'd get our exercise with all the sight-seeing.ROOM: We had a deluxe king room on the 7th floor. The bathroom was a bit small as some reviewers have noted but the large size of the room itself was a pleasure -- especially in San Francisco where space is tight and rooms are usually tiny.All in all, a great stay!  
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>laurengucsb
<Content>Trendy Hotel with Great Union Square Location       Deluxe Diva room - bed  
<Date>Dec 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>morningstar27
<Content>Cramped and Unprofessional We were able to secure a very good deal on our room, otherwise I wouldn't think it would be worth it. First, we were told that the confirmation we received was different than what the front desk had actually confrimed. Instead of having two rooms with two double beds each, they forced us to take two small rooms with one king sized bed in each, and let us have the rollaways for free instead of charging $20 for each. Once we got to our rooms, we found that there was barely enough room to function or to place our bags. In one of the rooms, you could literally wash your hands while sitting on the toilet. The rollaways barely fit. The light in the bathroom was on a timer, and the light went out in the middle of one of my friend's showers. The floors are not level, by any stretch of the imagination, nor are they quiet. Half of the computer stations were down as well. Other than being right down the street from where we needed to be, having a Starbucks connected, and getting an extremely good deal on it, I would not reccomend this to anyone who is even slightly picky about where they stay. I could go on, but I will spare you the trouble just by saying that I wouldn't want to return.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	1	2	3	

<Author>michaelmelton1
<Content>Not Bad Not a bad hotel, but it starts to get into the seedy part of this area. The rooms are pretty nice...not amazing. They attempt to be very modern, but they don't quite get there. You can tell that they want to be like the W Hotel, but its not quite that nice. In an area where you can find a large number of $100 / night rooms, this is not among the best.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>dagmaras
<Content>perfect for san fran trip! This hotel is at a great location. YOu dont spend a lot of time in it but its perfect for exploring san fran. it reminds me of ikea. i really liked it. clean, quiet and great location, very hip!  
<Date>Oct 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jcdato
<Content>Diva Taste Specific...GREAT, Attentive Staff Hotel Diva is really good at what it sets out to do, and that is to appeal to a young, hip, contemporary crowd. The staff is tremendously courteous and accomodating. The decor is very modern and industrial with lots of cool colors, steel and geometric patterns. The multiple internet lounges are each uniquely designed as is this hotel.Having the Starbucks and upscale Mexican Bistro open to the lobby was fantastic! Furthermore, the overall hotel location cannot be beat for shopping, theater, and Union Square.I prefer more traditional and luxurious decor, but Hotel Diva excelled in its niche.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>Switch9
<Content>Very handy central location This is a very nice boutique style hotel in central San Francisco. There isn't a restaurant / breakfast room, but there is a Starbucks next door and you get free coffee or tea in the mini lounges; there is also a coffee machine in your room.There are several small lounges with free internet access using their computers, but you have to pay for wifi.We booked via a hotels website (ratestogo.com) and our booking of a room with a queen size bed didn't get sent through to the hotel so we ended up with a room with two doubles.I would stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	3	4	

<Author>rafaelcherino
<Content>MIxed feelings about the Diva The best things about hotel diva are the staff ( all extremely pleasant), and the location (right near Union Square). My husband and I arrived well before the appointed check-in time, and were very pleased to find out they could check us in (we figured we would just store our bags, so this was very nice). The room, however, was extremely small (shoe-box size, no room even to put our very small travel bags so we could open them) and smelled VERY musty. The bathroom was tiny and poorly designed (tub/shower combo and toilet in the bathroom, while the sink was in the hotel room itself -- kind of gross in our opinion). The bed was very small (a double?) but we had reserved a queen. When it became clear that opening the windows was clearly not helping the musty smell, we decided to complain, as we were staying for 5 nights, and our rate was quite pricey (approx. $250/night). The gentleman at the desk was quite receptive to our complaints (his name was Jay) and he offered to move us the following day and to send up someone to febreeze the room. This helped a bit with the odor, but we were told this happens a lot in the back rooms of the hotel when it rains (and it rains a lot in San Francisco -- so beware these rooms!). True to his word, Jay did indeed move us the following day to a more spacious, better designed and clean smelling room. I felt very pleased with the solution and felt the hotel took our complaints seriously. All in all, not a bad hotel, but nothing special. The rooms are rather sparse (ok in the sense that we liked the minimalist, modern decor), but there are few perks -- not even a minibar fridge in the rooms and very bare bones furnishings. Not a luxurious hotel by any means and nothing standout or amazing about it.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	4	3	4	4	4	

<Author>BBLA
<Content>Nice for the Price Hotel Diva is a great deal for the price. Friendly staff. Nice accomodations...you are not getting a 4 star hotel...it's basic, but fun. They upgraded us to a 2 bedroom suite which was great....each bedroom had it's own sink. The location wasn't my favorite...seemed dirtier then the financial district where I had stayed before at the Omni. However, Diva has a much friendlier staff then the Omni, by far.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>traveladdict014
<Content>Nice but did not look anything like website picture The room was nice but a bit small. I thought I booked a king size bed but got a queen. The hotel room does not look as nice as the pictures on the website but it is clean. Cheap looking furniture. We were happy though that it was clean and very convenient to the Moscone Center and Union Square.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	-1	3	4	

<Author>andrawatkins
<Content>Quirky fun What a quirky, fun place to stay! The room was cool and comfortable on a quiet hallway. The in-room amenities are hilarious and appropriate. Sleek modern fixtures and a comfy bed were great. The hotel staff were informed and helpful, dealing with all of our needs with a smile. The hotel is conveniently located - close to lots of things but on a relatively quiet street. I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Camnicsydney
<Content>Contemporary semi refurbished hotel The location of the hotel was pretty good. The beggars waiting outside the front door were something else though. A city notorious for beggars - the location of the hotel was right in the thick of them all. Quite unnerving for a 20-something woman walking alone during the day or night. The hotel appears to have had some sort of remodeling done - however parts of the room laughed at the others. Ie The main bedroom was very modern, slick plasma etc but then the bathroom was old and a bit tired-looking  cramped. No space to place any of your toiletries and barely space to swing a cat. Quite pricey for the value - we paid $166 + tax USD/nt for a king room and then about $130/nt for a Queen. Moved down to the Marina District half way through our stay and found it to be EXCELLENT. Gorgeous location in the midst of Union St  Chestnut St. Both streets are lined with little boutiques, great coffee shops, wine bars, cute little restaurants and there wasnt one beggar in sight! A short bus ride to the city if you wanted some of the city nightlife.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	2	2	3	2	2	

<Author>CADiesel310
<Content>Super Hot Boutique - DIVA Hotel Diva in San Francisco, what can I say about this boutique. It's a great hotel inside and out. From the friendly personel at the front desk to the room decor and amenities. I expected the room to be quite small compared to the bigger hotel chains, but you can not beat experiencing a unique hotel boutique such as Diva's. The only complaints about the hotel is the noise levels at night from our neighbors in the suite room, sounded like a party was going on in there. But who cares, its a fun hotel.I'd DEFINITELY STAY HERE AGAIN. Thanks DIVA!  
<Date>Sep 25, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>AP_Phoenix
<Content>Super Cute hotel- perfect for travelers, great location Stayed at Hotel Diva for Labor Day Weekend- got an awesome rate- $159/night. This place is great- on Geary just a short walk from Union Square. (It's also right across from the Clift hotel). Hotel furnishings were very cute and our room was a nice size- two double beds, nice huge flat panel TV and a sitting area. They also gave free wireless and had a small business center on our floor.The only downer was we did hear noise throughout the night...one night it sounded like huge dump trucks came by to unload dumpsters or something... it woke me up for a good 15-20 minutes in the middle of the night. ..NOT pleasant. (We were on the 4th floor). Overall though, I'd stay here again...and request a room on a higher floor. There is also a Starbucks attached to the hotel which was convenient and a nice looking Mexican Tapas place attached on the other side. I didnt eat there but it was packed everynight.I'd definitely recommend this hotel for a weekend trip up to SF for a reasonable price. :)  
<Date>Sep 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	4	4	

<Author>CooperSOntario
<Content>A wondeful place to stay! Got a pretty good price at the Diva at the last minute after discovering our previously-planned hotel was smack-dab in the middle of the Tenderloin (think guys beggins for change, peeing on the streetcorner, etc kind of visuals). Staff are fantastic, and take care of anything you need. The rooms are tremendous - great decorating style (you'll probably either love it or hate it. Check out their website for pics), and the suite we had could easily sleep four - it had a queen-sized Murphy bed in the sitting room. Outstanding cleanliness and friendliness by the staff at all times, and the ability to use the various internet lounges was really handy. The location is just over a block away from the Powell cable car line and Union Square, and is a reasonable walk from Chinatown. We'd definitely stay there again!  
<Date>Aug 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sobakasu
<Content>Giant Bedroom, Tiny Bathroom Stayed 6 nights in a Junior Suite on the top floor of the hotel facing the back.The welcome at the hotel was congenial and David the concierge was always helpful or had some drole remark to make.A room at the back of the hotel afforded a view of nothing interesting but we enjoyed not hearing the hum of Geary St.In terms of decoration, the most striking thing was the size difference between the bedroom (huge) and the bathroom (miniscule). This is something I can never quite get a handle on. Additionally, I would qualify the bathroom as badly designed.The furnishings in the room were comfortable but a little shabby. On the plus side, the room was kept very clean and the housekeepers were amiable. I used the business center, which was efficient and practical.For price and location, it is a pretty good deal though I would probably try out a different hotel next time.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	3	4	3	3	4	3	

<Author>NYCAlarmGal
<Content>Love the Diva!       Washroom area  
<Date>Jul 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Burntwood
<Content>Darling Diva I had shopped around a lot in looking for a hotel in San Francisco and been surprised at the lack of bargains to be had, so due to its low rate was a little wary as I approached Hotel Diva. However, in my opinion the hotel is truly fantastic value (we paid just over $100 inc. tax a night for 3 nights).Firstly, it has a great location, only 5 minutes walk from Union Square  Market Street and their good transport links. Also within a few minutes walk of many restaurants and bars.Secondly, I had read negative comments about the small rooms but would consider ours quite spacious and well equipped. Although I did look at a floor plan though and saw there were some much smaller rooms so I think we hit lucky. Something to bear in mind.Thirdly, although certainly not fancy or luxurious, the d茅cor is neat and modern with some stylish touches. Quite basic but all that we required given the minimal time we spent in the room. And finally, the extra touches, such as tea and coffee making facilities in the mornings and free internet access were also appreciated and absent from all other hotels on our trip. We also had a bag of goodies 鈥?yes, free samples supplied by manufacturers but a nice touch nonetheless.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	4	3	4	-1	-1	

<Author>LouLou93644
<Content>Great place! Nice Service. We took the BART in to Union Square and walked an easy 3 blocks to The Hotel Diva. We found the guys at the front desk and the concierge to be humorous and pleasant. They checked us in quickly and we checked in early. The lobby is sleek and dark. 80's alternative music is in the background and there was a flat screen tv playing a movie. We had asked for a room with a view, but they suggested getting a bigger room with no view and I'm glad. We weren't in there really enough to enjoy a view anyway, and I'm not sure what the view would have really been, so I appreciated the space. Upon arrival, we were pleased. It does have a little IKEA vibe. Kind of reminded me of my sons' bedrooms...without the smell. But it's whimsical and different. And we wanted a place out of the ordinary. The room was was bright and cheerful. Different from the lobbby. It seemed like every time we'd look somewhere, we're saying, Oh, look at this. Check this out. The headboard looks like a silver wave. Then I notice that the mirror has the same bend to it. Be sure to check the surprise in the safe. Cute. The room and bathroom were squeaky clean. The water out of the tap is delicious. Our room was relatively quiet. I didn't hear a soul the entire stay as a matter of fact. The location is great for walking to Union Square, there are tons of shops and art galleries and restaurants right out the door. Upon checkout we wanted to enjoy the beautiful weather a little more before heading home, they very graciously held our bags while we did that. We stayed here one night to beat the Central Valley heat. But we will certainly return again!!  
<Date>Jul 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>GreatDaneDanmark
<Content>Great Hip Hotel !       Room View  
<Date>Jul 8, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>bowman_chad
<Content>A Great Stay With a Diva Feel Everyone has said it already. Great hotel, hip style, great location. Right off union square and we booked three nights for a rate of less than $100 a night. Even friends who were locals in SF couldn't believe the deal. Right across from the Curan and ACT Theatres and a block to the square and trolley to the wharf or other parts of town. Loved the decor and how the staff made you feel important everytime you came or went through their doors. Was very impressed and had a wonderful stay. Free internet lounges, fitness room (hard to find in the city), buisness center, and diva lounge with snacks and drinks. Just wish we could have stayed longer. LOVED IT!  
<Date>Jul 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bigbaddavect
<Content>Great Hotel! I'd recommend this hotel to any person, whether single, a family, or a couple. The staff were attentive, professional, and very helpful. When we arrived, our room was one of a smaller size, which the staff checking us in told us would be able to upgraded at no charge to us because we were staying so long! My girlfriend an I stayed at Hotel Diva for 10 days and loved every minute of it. Being in Union Square, this hotel offers a great amount of dining and theatre as well as easy access to other neighborhoods via bus or taxi. Excellent hotel!  
<Date>Jul 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Johosephat
<Content>Great deal, hip interior I have stayed at this hotel three times and enjoyed each stay. The decor is hip and modern. My rooms had huge flat screen TVs. And the price was great. Who knew you could get a $140 hotel room in SF's Union Square? Would expect to pay a lot more. Service was good. I did have problems checking in during two of my visits. I booked through a third party site (don't recall the name, but not one of the well known brands). There was bad communication between the third party site and the Diva, so the hotel did not have my name when I checked in. The front desk gave me a room anyway, then called the booking agency to get the details. It worked out, but I recommend buying direct or through a well known online travel agency. Great location. Very clean rooms.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	3	3	

<Author>mstemeca
<Content>The perfect cozy spot We stayed at Hotel Dive 4 nights for a mid-week rendevous. Be sure to get there early to obtain the best room(s) which are NOT facing Geary Street. Finding the hotel is a little challenging but it's in the heart of downtown San Francisco in the art district. The room was decorated in contemporary decor and the primary colors in our room was stainless steel, taupe and tangerine. We enjoyed TV on a 42 inch flat screen. The room is SMALL. I would recommend it only for couples needing a place to nestle up together or a girls' nite out retreat. The bathrooms are based on European style where things are compact. The carpet was clean. At night we could hear some street noise but it's easily overcome by the AC or TV. The hotel staff was friendly as well as the valet. That's the other thing, it's total valet parking unless you can find a 24 garage. However, you can come and go for the same daily rate of at least $35 per day. Starbucks is attached to the hotel and there are plenty of eateries to choose from. Chosing this location, you really don't need a vehicle. Take a shuttle from the Airport and walk, use the BART or bus system to get around. If you are considering the beach, the bridges or the wharf, you will need a vehicle. We noticed several national car rental facitilties around the corner. In short, we have designated this our downtown spot and will defintely stay here again.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>imtrendywendy
<Content>Bad Experience at Hotel Diva I booked at Hotel Diva due to the good reviews at tripadvisor but I can not give this hotel a good review. I stayed there for 3 nights. The first night they put us on the 2nd floor, which was noisy and small. You can barely fit two people in the restroom. Plus, we were too close to the street. I asked if we can get a room at a higher level which they gave us for the rest of our stay. We stayed on the 5th floor. The room was bigger and away from the street. Thinking we would be noise free for our 2nd night stay, I was wrong. The whole night our ceiling was creeking from the floor above us, obviously the floors and walls were too thin. I can not recommend this hotel to anyone. When I got moved up to the 5th floor, I left my expensive facial soap in the first room we were booked in and when I went to see if the maids had returned it to lost and found, they did not. Also, the hotel charged me twice for the water bottle they put in the room. I tried contacting them twice and did not get an answer back, I am still waiting for them to charge back the water they mis-billed me for.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2007
<Rating>1	4	2	4	4	4	2	4	

<Author>zoomer-7
<Content>Stunning decor, great staff We stayed due to business in SFO and this funky hotel had the decor to match the staff - stunning.Totally different from anything experienced before. The price was great, the facilities excellent and the location brilliant.We will be back.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>delovelyladya
<Content>Great Place for a Weekend Getaway Chose this place based on the TripAdvisor reviews, and we were not disappointed! Hotel Diva is a very hip and luxurious boutique hotel very close to Union Square. Make sure you ask for the CAA or AAA discount - we saved big time with the cardholder specials. Would not recommend this for families...ambience is very Sex in the City. Staff are friendly, hotel is newly-renovated and superclean, rooms and luxurious (in both space and amenities)...really, what's not to love? Oh, maybe the awful views from the rooms...but I suppose that only counts if you're someone who stays in hotels in San Fran to look out the window! Would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>xa_chicago
<Content>Good value (if the prices stay low) I got a deal through Travelzoo to stay at Diva over the weekend for just $85 a night. We had a huge double room, with HD TV , wireless, and several other perks. Most precious to me was the business center where I could prepare for a conference I was attenting. I had constant internet access and access to a printer. The staff was amazingly kind and the location hard to beat.However, the bed was uncomfortable and the sheets very cheap. I do not mind these things, and think the price reflected the quality of the bedding. I only warn potential visitors in the very likely case that the hotel's prices go up. As an aside, the hotel is way over designed. Too may orange details and silly artsy add-ons. It will surely look dated within 3 years.  
<Date>May 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>BryRob
<Content>The Hotel Diva is the Finest Hotel in San Francisco! Hotel Diva is San Francisco's finest hotel, in our opinion! The staff was the nicest, and most helpful of ANY hotel we have ever stayed in. Ruth the Front Desk Diva, will make sure your stay is most enjoyable, as well as David, the VERY knowledgeable Concierge...he will go the extra mile for you. We truly felt that we were part of their family while we were staying at The Diva, and I can honestly say, that you would be hard pressed to find a better staffed Hotel. And THE ROOMS!! Wonderful,Modern,Warm,Comfortable! The Housekeeping staff is also one of the best around, they also wanted to make sure all was well. We got asked routinely if everything in the rooms were clean and to our liking, and these were some of the CLEANEST rooms we have experienced in our many Hotel stays. The Hotel was also very accomodating in booking us Quiet rooms on the back of the Hotel off the street ( the rooms facing the street have to deal with more noise, and I am a light sleeper ) and also made sure both rooms we booked were next door to each other. PLEASE, do yourself a favor, the next time you are in San Francisco, book a room at The Hotel Diva, you will be SO GLAD you did!! Bryan Nolte/Rob Weber-CIncinnati,Ohio  
<Date>Apr 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Joanie881
<Content>Nice staff Treated myself to one nite in a hotel after staying with friends. Anything would be better than an air mattress, right? The front desk was great, helpful woman, joking guy who acted like he knew me forever, nice Irish guy. I was able to check in quite early but the first room they gave me looked at a fire escape so I moved down a floor and it was quiet. Altho I might have preferred looking over the Geary St. action. Room was fine, bathroom decent, nice little package of toiletries but nothing wowed me. The lobby is very small, no lounge or anything (unless you count that Starbucks next door), and the constant playing of the Divas video is kind of cheesy. Fine for $98 but I'd probably try another hotel next trip.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>Lil_Lola
<Content>Hotel Diva was fantastic! I stayed here with my boyfriend and we both loved it! He especially, which releived me of much anxiety since he is soooo picky (I was the one that picked the hotel). The rooms were smaller than what I am used to staying in but that mattered very little. We both found that despite the lack of square footage the rooms were well appointed, with flat panel tv, etc and very clean and comfortable. The staff was also very warm and inviting. We both agreed that we would definately stay here again. It was also in a great location - right across the street from the theaters and so close to Union Square and all that great shopping. We had no problems with noise from the street and slept very well. The price was also very reasonable. We are planning another trip to San Francisco in the near future and have both agreed to use this hotel again! Thank you Hotel Diva.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>McFleurry
<Content>Great Staff, Great Service, Great Location - GREAT hotel!! From the moment we arrived at the Diva we were made to feel extremley welcome, which is great when you've been travelling for 24 hours. The room we had was great, and I loved the attention to detail, everything has been thought out well - even the little freebie in the safe!The bed was comfortable and touches such as the LCD TV were most welcome and made it really easy to relax in the room before exploring the city.The bathroom was spotlessly clean, in fact, the maids did a fantastic job each day of making the room spotless - and the smell of fresh linen when you walk in after a tiring day was great.The location is perfect, its nowhere near the Tenderloin, its perfectly safe and I felt very comfortable walking to and from the hotel by myself, even after dark. Union Sq is right on your doorstep. And also we experienced no trouble with noise, there was the odd siren but what do you expect when you are right in the heart of the city!This is a hotel in which every facet of design and comfort has been thought about and is far more personal than any chain hotel.All in all I would like to thank the staff at the Diva, they were helpful and friendly. I would go back in a heartbeat.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>annchgo
<Content>Stayed 10 nights For the price and the location, the Diva is a good bet. I stayed for 10 nights and found it to be everything I needed. I was in one of their larger rooms (complete with couch and mini fridge) and did feel somewhat pampered. The front desk staff and concierge were always friendly and greeted me. When we asked for restaurant recommendations or directions, they were always helpful. However, my colleague did have an unpleasant experience with one of the front desk people when she checked in. The hotel should rethink its wall color - the chalky white shows every single smudge and nick, so the walls appear a bit dingy. I usually don't use drawers at hotels, so the file-cabinets-turned-dressers didn't bother me, but I thought they were odd. Always had plenty of hot water, shower pressure, clean towels and I thought the bed was very comfy for a hotel bed, so I was happy. Oh, and the large flat panel TV was nice, too.The location is very close to all of the Union Square shopping and general toursity atmosphere. About a 5-10 minute walk to the BART/MUNI. There IS a Starbucks right off the lobby, which was convenient, but I thought the service there was subpar. I was not as impressed with restaurants right on Union Square as I was with others around town, but you can find something to eat pretty easily around the hotel. A few blocks away there is a great Thai place called Arroi and a sushi place called Sanraku. Also liked the diner across the street and down a block for French Toast and walk a few blocks to get to a great French place called Plouf (mussels and clams galore). Oh, and for great Mexican food and a cheap bottle of Dos Equis, visit the taqueria that is across the street and down about two blocks in the opposite direction of Union Square. As far as the complaints go about panhandlers in the area... Whether you're paying $500 for a luxery hotel or $100 for the Diva, you're going to run into panhandlers in SF. Most just stand in one place and call out for change - they do not chase you down or get in your face. If panhandlers make you uncomfortable, perhaps SF is not the right place for you to visit. I felt very safe in the area around the Diva. By the way, due to a flight cancellation, I ended up for a night in the Hilton on O'Farrell Street just a few minutes from the Diva. The price was twice as much as the Diva, but I wouldn't say that it was necessarily worth it, since the Diva was fine by my standards. But, if you are very picky and have the money to spend, the Hilton was very clean, new and comfortable. I stayed in tower 2 in one of the handicap accessible rooms, so it was very roomy as well. The buffalo wings in the lounge were very good. :)  
<Date>Mar 16, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>cathyhub
<Content>We adored it I needed a one-night stay at the tail-end of a business trip so I walked around Union Square looking for a hotel. I had worked in that neighborhood before and so knew homeless people and traffic noise could be an issue. I booked at the Diva because I absolutely loved the look of the lobby. If you want mauve or beige or paisley, forget this place. This hotel has an extremely modern design (think Ikea with a shot of espresso) and so if you're looking for Domain type overstuffed couches you're in the wrong place. We loved the beds, loved the linens, loved the flat screen tvs. We loved having access to Starbucks, loved being in a neighborhood full of good food, and loved being across the street from the theaters. We loved the front desk, loved the guys who gave us tours, loved the workout room, and loved the car service (nice big cars with good drivers and dvd players for the kids). We had a view of the alley, but hey, at least it was quiet (and if I want a view I stay at a hotel with an oceanview). We didn't love the EXCEEDINGLY slow internet service. It was worse than dial-up and had me sitting with my head in my hands in despair, or worse still, actually reading the San Francisco Chronicle while webpages loaded up. What a rag that is! I had forgotten how awful and provincial that paper is (anticipated future headline: Nuclear Holocaust Wipes out Europe: San Francisco Man Feared Lost). Other than their lousy wireless service, the place was fab and we will absolutely be back.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>potterphreak
<Content>Amazing Valentines Trip       Great TV!  
<Date>Feb 15, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lairdwd
<Content>Can't understand why this hotel gets such good reviews I was banking on all the good reviews that other's gave on tripadvisor. I cannot agree with these 4 and 5 star reviews. Here goes...Even though we asked - twice - for a room that didn't face Geary Street , that's exactly where we ended up. It's noisy and very loud all through the night - sirens, loud noises, etc. The room itself had a definite 2 star feel to it. I don't see how filing cabinets (to be used as a drawer) with cheezy butcher block top is modern or fancy. It strikes me as cheap. Conceirege was friendly. Location was good if you don't mind Union Square. There is a terrible homeless problem in San Francisco - and plan on getting panhandled dozens of times while at the Diva. All in all, the room was ok for $90 a night. Queen size bed was reasonably comfortable, and the free wireless internet access was nice. Would not stay there again, unless the price was attractive to the competition.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2007
<Rating>2	3	2	4	3	5	5	5	

<Author>slojorge
<Content>Hotel Horrid! The staff forgot the promotion offer so I had to ask for the $5 starbucks card. Rarely were we greeted with a hello or polite salutation as we walked through the lobby during our two day stay. I usually initiated the salutation. In fact, the staff seemed understaff adn overall very unhappy. The walls throughout the hotel are dirty which shows readily due to the poor choice of cold white paint. The bed was the worst I've ever slept on in a modern hotel. It was lumpy and slanted to one side. Two days later, my back is still sore. The decor was an attempt to be modern yet the sparseness is highly uncomfortable. Upon checking out, we had to wait for over 30 minutes for our car from the valet service and there was no one ahead of us in line. A true diva would be fuming mad about having to spend the night in this high priced dump.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Cavendish Beach
<Content>A great introduction to San Francisco My first trip to beautiful San Francisco and I was happy to have selected Diva. The hotel was recommended in the Travel section of our local newspaper . All of the staff were more than accommodating , in fact, there was a problem on the 2nd day with the shower and when I reported it, was promptly moved to a room on the same floor (it was even a bit larger than my original spacious accommodation. I did not get her name but she was a beautiful young lady with glasses. The location is superb...close to Union Square...shopping..shopping ...and of course many other sightseeing venues.I would definitely return.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>LondonFuzzyface
<Content>Lovely hotel We had a great stay at Hotel Diva. The staff were really friendly, the rooms clean and modern. The only problem we had was that the room was sooo noisy because of what sounded like a generator outside the window (we were at the back of the hotel). I know it's quite noisy at the front as well as they told us they were putting us in the quiet part of the hotel, but it definately did effect our sleep and I would ask to stay in a different part of the hotel next time.Apart from that however the hotel was fabulous!  
<Date>Jan 11, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Garuda70
<Content>Super water pressure and friendly staff To echo what a couple of other reviewers have stated, this isn't a cookie cutter or chain hotel. There isn't a hint of beige anywhere, and the decor can best be described as institutional chic. In fact, the mirror in the (bed) room was polished stainless steel--you know, the stuff they use for mirrors in highway rest areas? (Thankfully, the mirror in the bathroom was just a boring old regular one. LOL) If that doesn't scare you off, then you'll like the Diva just fine. The front desk staff was genuinely friendly. The room was impeccably clean. My room (which didn't face Geary) was very quiet. I've seen postings for some other SF hotels complaining that there weren't AC units in the rooms. Note for AC-dependent travelers: The Diva has adequate, if slightly underpowered AC's. The Diva's location is excellent, only a few blocks off Union Square and the Powell St. BART/MUNI station. Most notably, there's a Starbuck's directly adjacent to the Diva! If you're looking for Westin (or Best Western) ambiance, this probably isn't the hotel for you. If you can get a decent rate (say, $120 or less for a king bed room), I'd wholeheartedly recommend the Diva.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>80'sbaby
<Content>Good Location...Unresponsive staff We checked into the Hotel Diva after a great stay in Napa. I decided that we would spend a day in San Francisco to see the city, since I had never been. From the website the Diva seemed like a good choice for a place to come back to after a day in the city. It's in a great location close to all the shops. I had booked directly from the hotel's site and at the same time signed up for Personality Perks. That's their frequent guest card that allows for special perks during your stay. One of the perks being a free room upgrade, upon availability. Well when we got to our room it was a box. I must say that it was very clean, but the pictures on the site are very misleading. There was barely enough room for two people to walk around. The king bed took up 80% of the room. There was a view of a brick wall, and a tiny bathroom. Only one person could stand in it at a time. The only perk I noticed was the free Wi-fi. Which would come in handy later. I knew that this could not have been an upgraded room!! I mean how much smaller could they get. So I went down to the front desk and asked about an upgrade due to my membership in this perk  program. Romy was the attendants name. He stated that I should have gotten a card and there is no record of me in the system. I offered to show him a confirmation email, stating I had in fact signed up. But he said it was o.k, and he had to go and check with the corporate office. Conveniently, they were located just behind him in an office around the corner.  I mentioned that we were only there for a day and wanted to get a jump on things. He said he would take care of it ASAP. So I went upstairs to my room and waited 20 minutes. That's when I opened my laptop and started to look for other hotels in the area because ASAP is not 20-30 minutes later!! In fact I was never called back about the upgrade. I was very upset and decided to checkout. I mentioned how I had waited to find out about the room upgrade and some of the other perks that I was supposed to receive upon check-in. Never heard back from that guy. Actually, there were now two new guys there who checked us out and said we would be refunded the full amount. All they asked was is this your first time here? You would think they would try to rectify the situation at that point. I was much happier spending my money at the Westin down the street.I tried to give the Hotel Diva a chance but they were very unresponsive especially to a first time guest. I will probably never stay at any of their hotels again.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	5	4	1	1	5	

<Author>a.p.1017
<Content>I liked it a lot! I spent the first night at another hotel - the Hotel Union Square - and it was terrible - rude staff, uncomfortable rooms, ridiculously thin walls, and literally the USC Trojan band outside my room chatting up a storm. It was as if they were sitting next to my bed talking loudly. Oh, it was bad. The next night I stayed at the Diva, and it was a wonderful little slice of peace  quiet. The rooms were small but they were designed not only to please the eye but for consumate comfort and functionality. The location was excellent - just off Union Square, to avoid the hordes and tacky restaurants, but close enough to walk there in 3 minutes and surrounded by excellent dining and cafes (the gourmet Mexican / Pan-Americas place was very good). The rooms were stylish and very comfortable, as were the bathrooms. The staff were professional gentlemen who were all too happy to accomodate stuff like looking after luggage the next day while we shopped, etc. I'd say the rooms could have been a bit bigger, but for the comfort, quiet, location, and price, it was the best deal I've seen in San Fran for quite a while. Bravo!  
<Date>Nov 15, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SwiftTraveler
<Content>Good for budget traveler If you're on a budget and want to be in the center of the city, the Diva is a good place to stay. It's nothing fancy and the whole diva theme is a bit cheesy, but it's clean and a good jumping-off point for exploring the city.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>pomgirl2
<Content>Got No Sleep Hotel Diva had it ALL--so we thought. It was the perfect location for us to stay just 1/2 block from the starting line of the Nike Women's Marathon. We were definitely the envy of all the runners who had to get bused in from faraway places in the wee hours of the morning. However, the one thing we didn't take into account was the NOISE on Geary street ALL NIGHT LONG. Cars honking, trucks backing up and beep beeping incessantly, people getting out of bars and theaters late at night and standing out on the street laughing and talking, car alarms going off multiple times. We didn't get any sleep all night, and I even tried to drown out the noise with the room's air conditioner. The hotel is very clean, the staff is exceptionally nice, and there's a Starbucks practically right in the lobby, so everything else was terrific, but don't stay here if you need rest for a big morning event.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2006
<Rating>2	3	3	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>Londonguyuk
<Content>What a great hotel! Stayed here for 10 nights in September, had an absolutely wonderful stay. The rooms were large and the bed was very comfortble. Everywhere in the hotel was very clean. It's also in a great location just minutes from Union Square.The staff were all so friendly and helpful, nothing was too much trouble.I would definitely stay here again!  
<Date>Oct 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bkw
<Content>Great Diva Staff My wife and I spent a few days at the Diva hotel in San Francisco to celebrate her birthday. As a surprise, I wanted to find a bottle of Taittinger Blanc de Blanc champagne for her birthday breakfast. Unfortunately, I was unable to find one.I asked Gerard at the front desk if he knew where I might find one. He not only knew two places, but he had worked at one. He called them to confirm they had a bottle, and then he volunteered to pick it up for me. Because I wanted this to be a total surprise for my wife, I asked him if he could deliver the bottle to the Daily Grill just down the street, so they could have it on ice and ready to drink the following morning.Well, everything came together as planned. Everybody at the front desk got interested in helping with the event and treated us as if we were family, rather than just hotel guests.David the Concierge was extremely helpful and friendly, as was our maid, Carman and Jessie, who brought me a multiple outlet for my laptop and other computer peripherals.I don't know who is responsible, but the Diva hotel staff could not have been more helpful and friendly. We live in Cupertino and like to spend weekends from time to time in The City. For sure, we will be back to the Diva.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mdoron5131
<Content>Great Stay at the Hotel Diva! My husband and I stayed here for 4 nights in September and enjoyed our stay very much. We were looking for a comfortable, conveniently located, reasonably priced place to stay in SF, and that's exactly what we got. But the #1 reason I felt compelled to leave a review about this hotel is because I wanted to comment on the exceptional service we got from the hotel staff. My husband and I feel that we got better service here than we've gotten at more expensive, fancier hotels. They were friendly, accommodating, polite, professional, and extremely helpful. For that alone, I would stay here again and again  
<Date>Oct 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	3	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Jacqui_Talbot
<Content>Very groovy! We had a fabulous stay at Hotel Diva. We were given a complimentary upgrade to a corner suite on arrival - our room was huge and the interior design very chic! The hotel is in a great location, close to Union Square and surrounded by loads of great restaurants and shops, as well as being convenient to the cable car turnaround. We booked the Bend over backwards but don't pass gas package online, which included valet parking (perfect for us given we did not need our car in the city) and a $10 gas voucher for each night of our stay. One or two of the front desk staff were less than helpful during our stay, but nevertheless, we will most certainly stay here again if we ever make it back to San Francisco!  
<Date>Aug 31, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	3	2	5	

<Author>starhawk
<Content>Great Hip Bargain at Hotel Diva! My fiance and I stayed here for two nights on the last leg of our trip to San Francisco in the standard queen room. The price through their Cheap is Chic special on their website was $109, which can't be beat for the central location. THE GOOD: Cheap!! Great Location!! It's within walking distance to everything around Union Square- The square itself, the shopping, the theatres (it's right across the street from one), restaurants, the Market-Powell Cable Car line (takes you to Fisherman's Wharf for $5/one way), Chinatown, Civic Center, Nob Hill, etc. There's a drugstore (it was either a Walgreens or Eckerds) about a block or less away which is convenient and there's a Starbucks right next door. There's also a Borders bookstore several blocks away, about a 6 minute walk. The decor was great (although I did overhear an older couple complaining about how it was too modern). It's decorated in greys, blues, with punches of orange and a lot of metal (the furniture and headboard) (you can check it out on the website). The room and bathroom were both super clean and well equipped. There are a selection of magazines (NYLON, a local fashion magazine, etc.), the toiletries smell amazing, and there's a cute little welcome bag with freebies and goodies in there like emergen-C, toothpaste, an energy drink sample, Nivea face body cream, etc. There's also a distinct DIVA! theme or personality (as they call it) throughout your stay, which may strike some as being over the top and definitely oriented to a young, hip, female crowd. (I thought it was fun and a welcome change from stuffier hotels but my fiance definitely rolled his eyes a couple times). There's a small desk and chair, a comfy bed (super smooth sheets), a dresser (it looks like a lateral file cabinet) and the tv is wall-mounted (like in a hospital). There's an iron and ironing board, safe, and full-length mirror in the closet. The bathroom also had really nice modern fixtures. There are offices on several floors with a computer and internet access (but no printer). There is also AIR CONDITIONING!! A lot of places in San Francisco don't have air conditioning since it's usually pretty cool but it's nice for the rare heat wave like the one they had recently. The service is incredible! The concierge was helpful for arranging our transportation to the airport, as well as fielding our questions about the area.THE BAD: Note, most of these observations aren't unique to The Diva since they pretty much apply to any of the boutique hotels in the area. The rooms are small, but any decent hotel in the Union Square area at this price will be small- Even then, it's only really small if there are two people staying in the room. And the decor more than makes up for it. I would rather stay at a nice, clean, modern place than get a larger room in a depressing motel-ish place. Try to get a room away from the street- Our room faced Geary Street and it gets pretty loud at night. Turning on the air conditioning / fan helped mask the noise and it didn't bother my fiance but I slept with earplugs. (It didn't bother me enough to ask for a different room). There's no minifridge and the cable TV options were pretty poor (although, again, you're probably not in Union Square to sit around, eating from your minifridge, and watching a lot of TV! The one thing that was kind of annoying was how dark it was since the lamps weren't that strong.The location is perfectly safe- There are a lot of affluent shops around Union Square so people forget that San Francisco has a huge, HUGE homeless population and a huge, HUGE drug problem. And that it's a pretty dirty city (like NYC dirty but better since there aren't as many people). You may smell the distinct odor of pee on one street and then you'll be standing in front of a swanky shop. You're going to be aware of people asking you for change, food, etc. It's not like you're on the streets of Calcutta, but you'll pretty much see a homeless person or junky on every street. Occasionally, someone might start going crazy and yelling at someone or no one in particular on the street (this happened to me). But there are tons of people out and about (due to the theatre-goers and restaurants and bars) so we felt comfortable, even relatively late at night. Most of the hotels lining Geary street have 24-hour doormen or people at the front desk, which gives you the comforting sense that there are at least several eyes and ears open at all times to the street. Who Will Not Enjoy Union Square / The Diva Hotel: If you are looking for quaint, warm, or traditional, you probably won't like The Diva since you may feel the decor at the hotel is too industrial or cold and modern. And on a delicate note...If you're part of an older crowd used to staying at large established chain hotels, you may not like The Diva since it definitely has an almost aggressively youthful tone which can be interpreted as fun, or annoying, depending on your point of view. Also, like my fiance's parents, if you're going to be uncomfortable staying in an area that is vibrant and centrally located but definitely urban and somewhat seedy looking on some streets and with a population of homeless people and drug addicts, then stay at the hermetically sealed (and very nice but expensive) Westin in the area, or at one of the nice hotels on bucolic Nob Hill (trust me, no panhandlers will be trekking up those ridiculously steep hills). We also stayed at the Savoy (and ate at the Millenium for about 5 days, leaving with thinner wallets and fatter waistlines) and wrote a review of those on Tripadvisor as well if you're interested!Have a great time in San Francisco!  
<Date>Aug 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Out_of_valley
<Content>Hotel Diva - Near Union Square The hotel is centrally located, near Union Square and HallidiePlaza (BART station), but it is on the edge of skid row are (theTenderloin) and there are many panhandlers and derangedpeople on the street by the entrance. The area just southwest of the hotel is horrible. The staff was very helpful and pleasant. They moved me to abetter room after I complained about noise in the original room.The gym was a disappointment; it has free vweights, but no bench to use with them.All in all, I will look for a better place the next time I go to S.F.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>J1XOX
<Content>A real gem We ( two families of 4) stayed at Hotel Diva for 4 nights in June,The hotel was centrally situated being no more than 5 mins from Union Square and the Powell line Cable car. The staff were attentive and very helpful. We arrrived very late at night and the night receptionist was charming. The hotel was clean our rooms were spacious and exceeded our expectations. Free internet access and complimentary breakfast drinks were appreciated. The hotel also has a small gym for anyone energetic! The Diva is a gem of a hotel situation, cleanliness, and value for money it can't be beaten. Don't hesitate book it!  
<Date>Aug 6, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ADouble
<Content>disappointing       Huge bedroom, the only plus really.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	5	2	4	3	2	

<Author>rinaldired
<Content>hottest little hotel in san francisco this was the perfect hotel for a sisters weekend!!! funky boutique hotel. as soon as we walked in...david was there to help us with anything..great personality!!! the entire staff was awsome! ruth and francisco @ the front desk were sweethearts...the rooms were funky and spotless . the goodie bags were a nice touch too .the manager sergio(so sweet). let my sister and I us a lounge upstairs after overhearing how beat we were and had to hang around with nowhere to go until our red eye flight .....now that was nice..what else can i say. the staff was the best, location great ,clean , funky, and just excellent!!!!. i will never stay anywhere else when i am in the city!!!!lisa rinaldi smith  
<Date>Jul 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Dancing_Boy
<Content>I Liked This Place! I'm from L.A. and every year I teach here in S.F.and I'm put up in another place (can't remember the name) - This year I was put up at the Diva and I loved it. A very old building with a very new flair.Very Mercer-New York like. Modern. Everything was new, comfortable, worked. Granted there's no view, but why do you need a view when you're in San Francisco? Go walk!Convenient to everything. Especially the lively Union Square. Great restaurants, the nightlife. Are you kidding? For these prices??? You have to be nuts to stay anywhere else. I'm shocked that this is ranked (as of this writing) #47.The hotel front desk was very friendly and I even bought a DIVA T-Shirt (okay, okay, so it says SEXY on the back)Try it out. It's a hundred plus bucks in San Francisco! I saw these prices for Labor Day and am trying to talk my wife to going back. (She wants to go to Palm Springs. Ugh!)  
<Date>Jul 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>gruvtek
<Content>First choice in SF I love the high tech look but the service is what will make me come back again and again. Burnished steel and indigo set the tone in the rooms - outstanding!The Diva has a superstar at the front desk by name of Dan. He was exceptional at remembering names and faces and better informed than another property's concierge service about the in restaurants.Advice - Average rate for a suite is only $40 higher then regular room... GO FOR IT!!! The extra room is great and you really get a swank pad.This was my 3rd stay and I'll be looking forward to returning again soon.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Honest, graceful and courteous staff- they returned my wallet safely. The hotel is well decorated, clean, fun and friendly. We did the don't pass gas package, which I recommend if you have a car. You get a $10 gas card for every night you stay and the parking fee is included. Centrally located and clean, it's right next to a Starbucks for morning tea! On the day we checked out, I had accidently left my wallet in the room and drove away. It wasn't until that evening around 7pm that I realized I had left it behind the Bible in the second drawer. I called and I was told that the maid staff was very thorough and was sure to have found it. I had to leave a message for they were gone for the day, and they called me early that next morning. The maid had found it upon cleaning our room, just like I was told. They then fed-ex'd it back to me that morning, charging my card that I had left for the room originally.I truly appreciate their great service and did not even have to cancel any cards or checks. There was even the $210 cash still inside. My wallet got to my house an hour before I did, as we had stayed two nights in Santa Barbara with friends. The staff is thorough, graceful and courteous and I recommend this hotel highly.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Excellent, affordable, unique Its always hard to find a reasonably priced place in SF, but this place is quite the find. We had a king room in the corner of one floor. The room was large and so was the adjoining bathroom, quite a steal in the city for $99/night over a long weekend.Its an old building but the upgrades are great. The decor is hip and interesting and the service from all staff is great and friendly. Also, the place is totally non-smoking, which is absolutely terrific. The location is great, close to Union Square, Financial District and SoMa.I had read on Trip Advisor about the problems with valet parking so I avoided it by parking in one of the several parking garages in the neighborhood with in and out privelages. The price of this was about $28 a day as compared to $35 a day with the Hotel Diva valet....and boy was I glad. Rarely did I pass through the lobby in 5 days and not see someone waiting anxiously for the valet to return with their car from several blocks away. Eventually this became a point of humor with my wife and I as we always overheard So how long is this going to take, we've been waiting 20 minutes? Do yourself a favor, and park your car yourself. If you don't plan on driving at all there are lots of cheaper options including the 5th  Mission parking garage, which is less than a 10 minute walk away and only costs $23/day.Otherwise, this place is a great jem, right in the heart of it all. Well recommended.PS - Love the shower heads and love that I get a newspaper delivered to my door everyday, and that there is a Starbucks adjoining the lobby.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>BrownBalto
<Content>Modern hotel in a great location We stayed at the Hotel Diva for three nights, renting two rooms, one with a king size bed for my husband and me and one with two double beds for my two teenage daughters. The hotel is very modern and hip which my daughters enjoyed. The staff was very friendly and helpful, the beds were comfortable, the location is great. It was wonderful to have free computers on each floor from where we could check our email. Our king room was pretty small and had only one window which looked out on a brick wall, so the room was pretty dark. The light, or lack of it, is my only complaint about the hotel. My daughters' room was larger and brighter. I would recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very good deal Very inexpensive and utilitarian hotel, extremely clean and comfortable. The staff was polite and helpful. If you are looking for romantic luxury, this isn't your hotel, but for convenience, cleanliness and economy, you really can't do better.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>SFSiciliano
<Content>clean dream worth the money and the search. hard to find hotel at night. but once found, it was a dream. a totally different design and decor. refreshing from the run of the mill big hotels. my room was clean and tidy. i received an amenity in my room from the sales department. i had excellent service from the front desk. very helpful. i felt like a dad though with most checking in being in there 20's and 30's. definetely for a young corporate type, but i felt young being there.my son had the room next to me. he liked the dvd vending maching and the gym. he said the gym was better than any other hotel i've takin him with me too. im come here often to the main office, so i'll be back.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Cool, hip design at the Diva What a cool find in San Francisco. Very hip design (beautiful lobby) with great room decor. Kind of like finding an unknown Phillipe Stark hotel at half the price. The bathrooms are small, but my room was really generous. Very friendly, helpful staff. I just think this place is a DEAL! A young crowd into modern design hangs here. The adjacent restaurant is kind of lame, but there are a million great places to eat in San Francisco, like the Slanted Door in the Ferry Building, which was apparently done by the same architect.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very cute, great location! Amazing location just off union square, close to great shopping, great restaurants - and right next door to Starbucks! Lovely rooms, very modern. Staff was super nice, super helpful. Would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone and would stay there next time. For the price, this is a great hotel very central to San Francisco.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>martinsa
<Content>With character but without class Found the Diva not very comfy and convenient but it does have a style of it's own and gives decent service.Smallish rooms and cramped reception and a bit noisy.Got good advice on eating and getting around town by the concierge.  
<Date>Jan 26, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>sandyweb33
<Content>Disappointed! My friend and I have tried several hotels in SF and were excited to try the Diva because of its alluring website and some of the good reviews on this site. As compared to other hotels in this price range I would say the Diva falls short. When we arrived at the hotel we were told that we had been upgraded. We had reserved a double but instead got one king bed. This was corrected by a discount from $219 to $149 and a cot. Honestly, I think that the room we got and the overall ambiance of the hotel would warrant prices in the $90-$129 range. Our room was smallish with a tiny, tiny bathroom. It smelled of cigarette smoke although we were on a non-smoking floor. We found the front desk personnel stiff and slow. It seemed to take forever to make our adjustment. The beds were comfortable. Our room faced Geary and was very noisy all night. Heard lots of ambulances/traffic until about 2 a.m. One nice touch was the Colobri Mexican restaurant next door. We enjoyed margaritas and guacamole and chatting with the bartender. All in all, if the hotel price had been cheaper and we had gotten what we reserved we would have been satisfied. We've decided not to return.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>SpaceAgent
<Content>Devine Diva This is the stuff of travel fiction - a great value mid-priced 3* centrally located hip hotel 2 blocks from Union Square.Neat but not lavish - attentive, friendly staff. Terrific rooms with every attendent facility and a great business centre too.Second visit, so why fix it if it ain't broke.Go Diva - can't wait to get back to my favourite City by the Bay.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>typhoonsurf
<Content>Great little hotel Stayed there for a business trip. Free WiFi was definitely a plus. Room had DVD and CD players. Quiet, good location close to Union Square, rooms were very clean, staff was friendly. The only awkward part was that the bathroom sink was basically in the bedroom.While it might not be the most romantic place to go, for business, it was perfect.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Cute Place! This hotel is in a GREAT location for shopping enthusiasts!!! It's within walking distance to the GOOD shopping, and a six dollar cab ride to the cool night clubs. The staff was VERY friendly and efficient. The rooms were pretty sizeable, ESPECIALLY considering we paid a little over $100.00 for our room. (I've paid a LOT more in SFO for a LOT less!)I would stay here again! ^)  
<Date>Sep 26, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Small but beautiful We stayed at the Hotel Diva during August during a trip across the US. We had been staying at a terrible hotel in New York and were looking forward to something a whole lot better in SF. On arriving, we were dissapointed to see the size of the room - it was tiny. However, the position was fantastic and the other complimentary facilities provided were great, especially the free internet. The room was immaculate and the staff were very professional and friendly. Given that it was so close to Union Square, shopping and dining etc - would definately stay there again.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Diva Friendly  We have just returned from staying five days at The Hotel Diva and would highly recommend this Hotel. It is one of the friendliest Hotels that we have stayed at from Ruth on the Front Desk to David at Concierge they made The Diva a warm and inviting place to stay as do their fellow co-workers.We were upgraded to a King Room where the bed was so comfortable you had a great nights sleep after a day/night of sight seeing  partying. The room is comfortable with Cable TV  a DVD player, a small bathroom that is OK plus a room safe(always useful). We had an internet lounge on our floor (9th) that we had access too at any time for FREE. We really enjoyed our room on our return from being out all day as it was peaceful and quiet. The hotel is in a great location and is only a stones throw away from shopping, eating and the entertainment areas. Easy access to the Bart and F Car. Check out The Diva if you like Hotels that have a personality are friendly and inviting. Choose a Queen or King room and you will not regret it.Special thanks to Ruth and David you made our stay keep it up!  
<Date>Sep 3, 2005
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Mr120
<Content>In the end, can't really complain I perused this site and many others before I went to this site, as I am an online opinion wh---. I was staying for a week on business, so I had to make sure I was going to enjoy it. It looked good, so I booked a room. I ended up getting one towards the inside/back of the hotel, which supposedly is quieter and includes a king beg (vs. a queen bed).One key point to note: this hotel is in one of the best possible locations in downtown SF.Check-in was smooth and the staff was courteous and well-dressed. Actually, most of the clientele tends to be younger and somewhat hip. I think the hotel is trying to go for that anyway, so that's good (I'm a twenty-something myself).I walked into the room, and was disappointed (at first). It was a glorified dorm room. Very small, and you walk RIGHT into it. The bathroom is small, and the sink is outside in the room. On the plus side, I got used to these things rather quickly, and it wasn't a huge deal. One thing to note though: if you leave the door open after taking a shower, the steam will drift into your room, as there is no fan in there (something to keep in mind as you use the bathroom other times).The king size bed is very, very comfy. I've been to the Hard Rock Chicago which sports a king size pillowtop with down bedding and pillows, and Diva definitely took the take.Wireless Internet was wonderful, and seemed to be rather fast most of the time. It's unsecure, just something to keep in mind. SF seems to have free Wi-Fi almost everywhere, though.During my stay, I asked the main clerk working the desk to recommend a good lounge for me. I took his advice, and it turned out pretty well. He also seemed to have a good feel for the area too (doubled as a concierge, I suppose).Check-out was smooth as well, and I was billed correctly. Would I go there again? Probably not, but I don't regret my stay. I like having a bigger room, and definitely like having a sink in my bathroom.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TimInAuz
<Content>Barely OK I didn't want to be one of the reviewers to pan a hotel just because there were a few faults, so let me start with the good. Excellent location right on Geary in a perfectly safe neighbourhood. Free internet access was also available and the fitness centre whilst small was very much appreciated. Now, the not so good.If you have a room ending in 20,21 or 22 you will not sleep. These rooms overlook Geary and the hotel has done NOTHING to try and reduce noise. I am used to staying in city hotels, even in SF, but the street noise here was unbelievable. Please, if you are anything other than a very heavy sleeper get a room at the back. Next problem, housekeeping. Being woken up at 745am (when the do no disturb sign was clearly on the door) was not my idea of service, however it got even worse when the next day housekeeping left my door ajar all day. Not good enough - when I contacted the front desk they said they would record the matter and hung up on me. My final problem came when I tried to extend my stay. Whilst they were able to extend my stay one day the hotel was completely booked the next day. Fair enough - it was late notice. However it would have been nice if they had contacted another of the personality hotels and checked with them. all in all the hotel is ok but there are MANY better options in the city. Personally, for the mid range traveller, you should check out the Commodore on Sutter for a better all around hotel.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Fresa
<Content>Great Hotel We just returned from a 6 day stay at the Hotel Divia. We requested a room off Geary St. and was given a room on the 6 floor, with a king size bed, large bathroom, very clean. We never heard a sound from other guest staying on floor. Staff from the Concierge David to house keeping were friendly and very helpfull. Great down town location. We would stay there again.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Service at the Diva! We just returned from our stay at the Hotel Diva and had a great experience. We initially had registered at another, less-expensive hotel nearby, but had an unpleasant experience there with the mattress the first night and needed to move for the second night of our stay. When I called the Diva at 7:30 a.m. to inquire about a room for that night, we were quoted a great price for a king room. I explained our dilemna with the 11 a.m. check-out at our current hotel and the Diva's 2:00 p.m. check-in and was assured they could get us in ASAP without being charged extra. So we went. Very clean room, spacious bathroom, well-stocked bathroom amenities, great bed and linens, cool decor and a free CD -- a good one, too! I was very pleased with Benny at the front desk, who was kind, courteous and informative. Also, another member of the front desk staff, Martin, offered to make a reservation at a restaurant with which he was familiar and recommended. Although I'm not generally a huge fan of contemporary decor, I liked the cool, uncluttered look of the room. Bottom line: We appreciated the great service so much, we'd stay again just for that reason, even if the great location didn't sell us. Oh, yeah . . . did I mention the cool DIVA! temporary tatoo left on our freshly made bed? Nice touch.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>AndyRuss55
<Content>Absolutely Fabulous I checked into the Diva on my own for five nights in early July. I'd been to Vegas the preceding week and fancied a chance to recharge my batteries in SF.I checked in quickly and was given a smoking room as requested. The room was exceptionally clean, modern and comfortable. Groovy metal installations on the walls and modern light fittings looked great. At the rear of the hotel you don't expect a view, so that was no problem. The bathroom was compact but had plenty of towels and was clean. One small issue with the shower curtain not keeping everything in the tub, but generally fine. When the shower head did come off it was fixed relatively quickly.The TV worked and the range of channels was cool. The internet facilities on my floor worked and the connections were quick. The staff on the front desk were friendly and helpful. For location, Diva is spot on, just a block from Union Square and two up from Market Street. As with most areas of SF the panhandling is abundant but most of the street folks were polite and respectful. Diva was a great place to stay and I'd recommend it to anyone.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect getaway Hello there! I just wanted to take a few minutes to acknowledge the wonderful experience I had at this hotel over this past weekend (4/21-24/05). From the moment I walked into the lobby every single person on the staff was friendly and made me feel very comfortable and important. The room was fantastic and the location can't be beat. I am sorry to say that I'm horrible with names and therefore cannot mention any of the many individuals that made my stay phenominal by name. As a member of the hospitality industry it is very nice to see that there are other establishments within our working community that hold customer service and quality with highest regard. Heidi Himes  
<Date>Apr 26, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Love the DIVA! Who knew that one of the best hotels was located in my own backyard! What attracted me to the hotel in the first place was it's modernism. Such a unique place, that one would expect the feel to be formal or snobbish. It was neither, it was intimate and welcoming. The staff were super friendly. But lets get down to what really counts.... I've travelled all over the world, stayed in many hotels, and their beds are bar none the most comfortable beds I have ever slept in! It was sheer perfection! Close to most everything in downtown. I highly highly recommend it!  
<Date>Apr 22, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Experience The place to be in San Francisco is down near Fisherman's wharf. If that is not an option, however, I would strongly recommend staying at Hotel Diva. It is only about a 10-15 minute walk to the wharf, and if you'd rather, you can take the cable cars instead. We stayed at this hotel in Aug. 2003. There were five of us (we were all 18 at the time), and I must say that the experience was a great one. Now, we only got to spend the second part of our vacation here (after swithing to this hotel from the Embassy), but we found the rooms to be very, very spacious. The help at the front desk was extremely helpful. The lobby is nothing fancy, but don't let that fool you, the rooms are terrific, and the location is not too bad either (although not as tourist-friendly as down by the wharf). So do yourself a favor and consdier Hotel Diva, and whatever you do DO NOT book The Embassy!!  
<Date>Apr 18, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>ecofem
<Content>The Diva is Having a Bad Hair Year Upon arriving at the Diva, I had to wait a long time for the desk clerk to check me in. After waiting for the clerk to do everything but check me in, I had to wait for the clerk to be taught how to use the computer system by another employee. Finally, I was able to get a room key and go to my room. The Diva was probably a pretty cool hotel at one point when it was first opened, but it has not been kept up. The carpet is frayed and coming apart. The paint is chipped and dirty. There is a musty smell throughout the hotel. The computers are old and internet connections SLOW. If you don't get up early or shower late at night, you will not have hot water. The beds are not the worst in the world, but they aren't the most comfortable beds in the world (as the signs outside claim).Ask for a room at the back of the hotel, or you will be kept up by the road noise. I'll only come back if I can't find a room at other, better value hotels.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We loved bein divas at the diva. I was really scared of staying here because of some of the reviews, but this was perfect,trendy and hip.The front desk was amazing and the concierges David and Nathan were awesome.If you want a great view go pay extra at the Mark Hopkins but otherwise stay here.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location The best thing about Hotel Diva is the location. It is right downtown San Fran on Geary Street, about a block from Union Square. The staff was friendly and always helpful with directions. There is internet access on most floors, but the computers are at high elevations, so I had to stand to use it and reach my hands up to type...not very comfortable. The beds are okay, they are a little soft and my friend actually slept on the floor one night because of back pain. It has an industrial feel to it, and smells a little odd. A cute hotel, but definitely nothing special.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I just wasn't that impressed I just completed a 13-night stay here while I was in San Francisco on business. The original reasons I decided to stay at the Diva were the 10,000 frequent flier miles my airline was offering for the stay, and the free wireless internet service they offer in all the rooms (if you have a laptop). While the internet was nice and convenient and I was happy to get tons of airline miles, the hotel itself left a lot to be desired. The floors creak like you wouldn't believe, and when your neighbor takes a shower at 6 AM it sounds like a loud freight train, making it impossibile to sleep. Speaking of 6 AM, I must mention the morning they gave me an unrequested wake-up call at 6 on a Saturday. A SATURDAY. The one morning I was able to sleep in and they screwed it up. The room and the entire hotel had this really strange odor which never really went away the whole time I was here, and the TV had far fewer channels than practically every hotel I've stayed at before.The excercise room was okay. Nothing special but it had everything I needed (treadmill and stairmaster) so I can't complain too much about that. As I mentioned, the in-room wireless internet was nice but it sure did break down a bunch, at least twice a day. It was always back up and running an hour or so later, but still an inconvenience. I should also mention that the room was pretty quiet (besides the creaky floors and loud pipes), since they gave me a room that faced the courtyard instead of Geary Street, but I've heard it can get really loud if you get a room facing the street so definitely keep that in mind if you decide to stay here.The only reason I give the hotel 2 dots out of 5 instead of 1 is due to the free internet as well as the decent location. The hotel needs a major overhaul, and I seriously doubt I'll ever stay here again no matter how many miles my airline offers me.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2004
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Stayed here for 10 days... I stayed here for 10 days during the first 2 weeks of November 2004 and I had read bad reviews about this hotel from this website. Pros: Great location, free fast internet access on every other floor (running on old imacs, but internet access nevertheless), helpful staff, comfortable beds/room etc.Cons: Noisy if your room is facing from the right side of the building (garbage trucks 20 feet below my window at 4am!), parking expensive (nearby garages are just as expensive, a common SF complaint), allow 20 mins for the valet to fetch your car once called (no big deal).Inside tip: If you want to do any laundry, there's a great place nearby. Right out of the hotel and first right up the hill. On left at first crossroads, 10 dollars for a big bag of washing! A lot cheaper than the hotel service.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Okay if You Get a Good Deal This was our first stay at Hotel Diva so can't compare to previous years when it sounds like the Diva was more in her heyday. Overall our room (#610) was fine and typical of an average boutique hotel in an older building. No view but very quiet. Our floors creaked when we walked on them but did not hear anyone else walking around above us or in the hallway. Pluses: 1) paid $55 (via Priceline) per night so a great deal, 2) great location (1 1/2 blocks from Union Square, 3) did not have to cross a picket line (because of the management lockout at many major SF hotels), 4) happy to have the free tea and coffee just down the hall from us, 5) gave us a room at 8:30am, so we didn't have to wait around. The staff was fine, and there was a concierge on duty most of the day. The big negative: We needed to make three requests for a crib before it arrived. We were told that there was only one housekeeping staff member available to handle requests, and he had a backlog of requests. Pretty lame, but maybe that's how they can afford to keep the prices so low.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Depressing Change I stayed at the Diva for one night in November 2004. It was my third stay there--I stayed there twice in 1998 and was shocked at how depressing the place is now. The change in the ensuing years was palpable: no more continental breakfast brought to your door in the morning, nothing in the Diva Boudior except coffee and tea and a sad little vending machine with junk food-y snacks...I was given a room on the seventh floor at the very back. The noice from Geary Street overnight was intolerable. (I was led to wonder who is driving these big rigs in Union Square in the middle of the night??) The bathroom was tiny, with no vanity but two closets??!!...and what has happened to the darling pack of toiletries that I was able to take as a souvenir in 1998? The cable selections on TV are pathetic--and internet access in the room costs $10? (The internet access in the lounges on several floors does not seem to work...)I stayed in SF during the hotel strike. Although I felt good that I did not cross the picket line in order to find accomodations, I would not hesitate to do so if it means a better value and a more uplifting ambience!I would never stay here again. It is not techy or modern, at least not in a fresh and upbeat way. And that $34 dollar parking? Get outta here!  
<Date>Nov 18, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Location  When seen from the outside we were a little doubtful of a pleasurable stay. But once inside our views were transformed. The hotel is very modern with silver/stainless steel just about everywhere. It's also true what they say about the beds, the most comfortable we have every slept in. The staff were very friendly and check in/out was quick and efficient. The only fault was the delay in returning of vehicles from the Valet service but use this as an opportunity to grab a coffee and muffin from the Star Bucks just off the foyer. The hotel is in an excellent location and would hesitate to stay again on return trips to San Francisco.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Hit with my Tech Teen My sixteen year old tech-savvy daughter and I spent 3 nights at the Diva while I was attending a conference at the Moscone Convention Center. From the chromed elevator to the mysterious Murphy bed, the tear drop trash cans and the dimmable light tower, she was intrigued. The CD cube bedside clock/alarm, the metal mesh chairs and the cute one cup at a time fast coffee brewer all met with her approval. But best of all in her opinion were the iMacs and free internet access on every other floor, with the Starbucks leading off the front lobby a close second. I booked a room with a single queen bed through Cheap Tickets and was happy with Diva's responsiveness to my e-mail request to give us two beds ( they gave us a room with a king and the Murphy bed, both very comfortable). Check in and check-out were smooth and professional and the front desk people were always happy to call a taxi or help with a question.Amenities include a tub and heater lamp, A/C and heat, hair dryer, robes and slippers, and complimentary daily newspaper. The room was clean and fresh smelling. There is an exercise room which we did not use (got enough exercise on the San Francisco hills!) A complimentary breakfast is available but we just hit the Starbucks and then the road each morning.Cons:There was no view but the windows did open for a little fresh air. My daughter said there were not enough outlets in the room for all the electronic appurtenances we travel with: two cell phone, pda and iPod chargers, curling iron etc. We took the Bart from SFO $4.95 each and walked a few blocks to the hotel. I had a pleasant 15 minute walk to the Moscone Center and my daughter was able to walk Union Square and environs and even up to China Town.All in all we were very happy with our choice and recommend it to our friends. We will definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Richwyl50
<Content>Great Hotel at a Great Price What a great little hotel. I found it on the internet and was amazed I could find a decent hotel at the price I paid, and decided to go with it because of good reviews. I was not disappointed. I love the high design, especially the littte touches like different and beautifully colored toiletries in the bathroom and cobalt carpeting in the room. The room was a decent size, similar to what I would expect in a European hotel, and the bed was very comfortable. I liked having internet access in the lounge on my floor and the coffee that was always available was top notch. The staff was so-so, being very helpful in giving me a quiet room, but not very responsive or helpful when I asked for a certain type of restaurant. I was simply told that they did not know of any of the type; they did not offer to look any further. I imagine the queen size rooms on Geary St. would be very noisy because of activity on the street itself. I was given a room on the alleyway and it was just what I needed. My only complaint is the same as has already been mentioned - it is an old building and the floors are creaky. I could hear the people above me walking around.All in all, I would very much recommend this hotel, expecially at the price I had. The location is the best, a block from Union Square and the cable cars, near BART and Market St. There are restaurants all around, including a Starbucks attached to the hotel.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2004
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Diva by name, Diva by nature I have just returned from San Francisco which is a wonderful city. I booked into the Hotel Diva on Geary which looked great on the website and was recommended to me. However, the treatment I received was really poor.Despite emailing me twice to confirm my stay, there was no record of it when I arrived after a long haul flight from the UK. Only when I asked if there was a free room was I offered something.The staff, with one notable exception, were consistently rude and unhelpful. I didn't expect to stay in a hotel called Diva where the staff were the Divas! It was a shame that such a great holiday was marred by this.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Creaky Floors I stayed in this hotel on July 31, 2004. This hotel has the creakiest floors. Unless you stay on the top floor, you will not get a minute of sleep. Earplugs help a little bit. Walking from the bed to the bathroom causes a lot of creaking which certainly disturbs the people below. The location is pretty dumpy -- all you will see is a brick wall out your window.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Stay Had a nice stay here for two evenings. Great location. The workout room is nice with two treadmills and some nice weight equipment. Make sure you call for workout towels before you leave because there never were any in there. The staff was nice and courteous. Our room was comfortable but the bathroom was tiny. I would stay here again. Oh if you can avoid the parking, do it. Parking is $30 plus another $4.20 for tax on the parking.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fabulous hotel I work in a 4-diamond, nationally known hotel in downtown Oklahoma City. When my husband and I choose to travel to San Francisco during the week of Sept. 20 we were surprised at the difficuty in finding a hotel from my national chain, then realized we were competing against 20,000 attendees at an area convention. After searching the internet for other hotels we found the Hotel Diva and we could not have been more delighted with our discovery. The staff was excellent! The conceirge gave us wonderful advice on places to shop, how to get to a Giants baseball game qucikly and easily, and the restaurant recommendations never disappointed. Every time we came in contact with the front desk attendant each of them were helpful and greeted us with a smile. The sleeping room was inviting. The room was filled with bright colors and warm and cozy bedding My husband and I were both comfortable and enjoyed our surroundings. I would return to this hotel in a heartbeat or recommend it to anyone traveling to San Francisco.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Would Never Stay Here Again I did not care for this hotel in the least. I was expecting a cozy trendy room and was sadly disappointed to find a tiny run-down room with a strange odor. The bed was practically floor level and I was afraid to put my head on the pillow. There was no warmth to the room, just the bare necessities. I feel I could have found a better place for the money, not to mention $30.00 for mandatory valet parking.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Our new 'home' in San Francisco This small hotel is a jewel. It's ideally located just over one block from Union Square and some of the best of local shopping. The staff is superb, very friendly and responsive to all our requests. The bed is one of the most comfortable hotel beds I've ever slept in. The decor is unique and charming. This is where we will stay for all our future visits to San Francisco.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>janmoomoo
<Content>Great location, great little hotel We stayed here for 4 nights and found it great. The location is brilliant, right near Union Square, five mins walk from the cable car, and lots of great restaurants (but also be prepared that there are sadly lots of homeless people and beggars in this area so you will get approached by them). The hotel looks like what it is, which is an old hotel given a trendy make over, but it is brilliant value for money and very comfortable. There are several little rooms with a computer and internet access which is really useful for checking up on your itinerary and restaurant reviews etc. If you want somewhere central, and comfortable to sleep at a good price then this is your place. If you expect more from your hotel then go elsewhere, but we were out sightseeing or partying all the time anyway so it was perfect!  
<Date>Sep 21, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hotel Diva is awesome! The Hotel Diva went above and beyond in my opinion. Our room was fabulous and the Hotel Staff was by far one of the friendliest and courteous staffs I have hey handled our late Arrival smoothly and put us into one of the finest rooms the Hotel has to offer (Rm #722). The maid service kept our room and linens clean daily and always made sure we had plenty of clean towels on hand. The decor of this hotel blew me out of the water!!! I am so used to staying in boring hotels that all look alike so this was a well needed change. The carpet was beautiful Cobalt Blue and the Head board above our bed was amazing. The A/C worked fine and the bathroom was typical of what you'd find in a hotel. Our room was not small and confined like some of the other people have posted. In fact our room was GINORMOUS! It even had a semi vaulted ceiling!!! The room came equipped with a mini fridge that did an excellent job keeping my beers Ice Cold!The location of Hotel Diva is hands down the best thing about the place. You are 2 blocks from Union Square and the Cable Cars. There is a Starbucks attached to the lobby and there is also a Jack in the Box and Quiznos a few doors up. The Diva offers free internet access on every floor and tea and coffee on the 6th.The valet service was a little on the slow side but then again we were right in the middle of all the action so it was expected. The general time frame for your car to be delivered is 20 minutes. We just called ahead while we were getting ready and when we got to the lobby our car was waiting...I HIGHLY recommend staying at The Hotel Diva. It was by far the COOLEST Hotel I have ever stayed in...-Jerod in Dago  
<Date>Sep 6, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hey hey hey! Fun hotel. The design and style of the Diva is splendid. I felt like I was staying in Martha Stewart's son's dorm room. Not only was there great form but good function as well. Tasty coffee, trendy magazines everywhere, a cute black fridge, computer terminals, and more. That work out room looked like it had never seen a drop of sweat! Cheers! :c)  
<Date>Aug 27, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Live like a diva! We loved this place. My friend and i were greeted and looked after like divas here. The staff were very hospitable and friendly and always had a smile on their face in fact we made some very good friends here with both staff and guests. The rooms were exceptionally spacious and kept very clean. They most definitely do have the worlds most comfortable beds as they claim. thumbs up hotel diva, well done!!!  
<Date>Aug 11, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>good stay My boyfriend and I stayed at the hotel diva for 6 nights in April 2004 and after the first night were debating going to another hotel. We originally had a tiny room with very little ambiance facing the front of the hotel on Geary. Very loud! Too small! And their cleaner had a strange smell. However when mentioning the noise problem to the staff at the front desk they immediately offered to move us to a room at the back and upgraded us to a much larger room free of charge. We thought it was great. The decor is simple - perhaps could use abit of an update. Pillows a bit too thick for me but otherwise very comfortable. The unusual smell was gone. The concierge is excellent and truly made our stay enjoyable. The location is central - surrounded by independant galleries and a couple of blocks to shopping and transit. If you're a fan, Starbucks is attached to the hotel lobby. If you are looking for convenience and a place to lay your head, it is great. I would go back - but only if I could get a larger room at the back!  
<Date>Aug 2, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>aging diva tries too hard and doesn't deliver i hated this place. my company gave me a choice and i chose this based on who knows what reason. the trouble started at check-in when the clerk demanded i give him a deposit even though the room had been pre-paid and i didn't need a room phone. mind you this was at 130am. the room reminded me of visiting friends in new york who hadn't quite made it yet. it was what, 3ft wide or something? in the morning i got a call from the front desk asking for a deposit. i informed them that i had given a $100 deposit already in cash. i was then asked why didn't i have a credit card? huh? i repeat, huh? needless to say my company doesn't book anyone at diva anymore and it's my **** san francisco hotel story.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Better than expected I was looking for getaway with my boyfriend and found Hotel Diva. The reviews do not do justice to the place. The staff was friendly and we did not have any problems with noise in fact it was quiet until you got out in the street. The rooms were extremely comfortable and the bed was more comfortable than the one we have at home. I would love to stay there again   
<Date>Jun 24, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Did not care for the Hotel Diva I didn't care for Hotel Diva. I felt isolated. The lobby consisted of only a registration counter and concierge counter. There is no bar or restaurant. The fitness room has only a couple of weight machines, run-down bikes, and an obsolete stairmaster. The window of my first room opened onto an air shaft, and faced the window of another room. The sink was out in the bedroom. I asked to change rooms, and was given a room facing Geary Street. The sink was in the bathroom this time, but there was no counter to put things on. The window didn't open and the bathroom has no exhaust fan, so the room was humid after showering. Hotels.com indicated mini-bars, but the hotel eliminated them a long time ago.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel! While living in the SF Bay area, often I have wanted to spend the night/weekend in the city-- you know a get-a-way. Hotel Diva, the several times I have stayed there, has been an awesome place to call home while away from home. The decorations are hip, modern, and trendy. The service has always been very efficient and performed with a smile. Location is incredible-- so the area is not as quiet as the suburbs, and the floors may creak here and there. Its all part of the experience. I have always felt that staying at the Hotel Diva was a good value and recommend it without reservations.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Dirty Diva- NOT Dirt Cheap I will preface this by saying I did receive $50 off my stay because of all the problems...but even that was not enough to save the dying Diva in my eyes. I'm not sure if it was the man defocating in the alleyway that bordered my room, the 6am wake-up call of moaning and creaking coming from above, or the non-stop recycling convention taking place outside my window between the hours of 3 and 5 am; but the Diva was not doing it for me. I checked in late with my travel companions to find that my requested non-smoking room was actually a Phillip Morris satellite office. It smelled, albeit better than the alley when I opened the window for fresh air, like someone was hitting four packs a day shortly before my arrival. When I asked for a change, I was informed that they hotel was booked solid and there was only one small room remaining (not large enough to accomadate my party). Ahhh, I'm glad I stayed in the Lung Cancer Suite lest I miss out on the many stains and sents that made the room unique. The carpet was speckled with unidentified funk and the whole room had the feel of a dirty Romanian Hostel. The Diva Boudoir on the sixth floor offered videotapes (each room comes equipped with a- hold on- VCR) and a machine selling peanut MM's and condoms...In guess this is a hip combo? All in all, the stay was terrible and we were glad to switch hotels before our visit was up. Don't fall for the website or think this place is somehow hip; the Diva is a dungheap and you should stay elsewhere.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The divas loved Hotel Diva I booked 2 rooms here for a bachelorette party for 8 girls. We got 2 double-double rooms which were perfect for us since each room was split into 2 mini rooms. One room w/ the pull down bed had a table w/ chairs which we used for hanging out and lounging in our Diva bath robes before hitting the town.The price was great, even before splitting it 8 ways. The service was excellent and we loved the location (close to shopping).I'd definitely stay here again!  
<Date>Mar 15, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I loved it! Beautiful interior and very hip place! Definitely not for more conservative folk but we loved it...first time that I wanted to move into a hotel for good  
<Date>Feb 28, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Experience My ife and I just stayed at the Hotel Diva the first time last weekend. We stayed for one night and had a great time. The hotel was located very close to Union Square, and was walking distance to great dining and shopping. The staff was very polite, and the check-in procedure was quick. We found the rooms to be a little small but space was used well, so we felt comfortable. The room was very clean, and there were plenty of towels AND pilows! There was free internet access in a lounge on the floor our room was on, for quick searches for local shops and attractions, and there was a gym. There was no adjacent parking, but valet service was available right from the lobby. Top it all off with a Starbucks attached to the lobby, and, well...we didn't want to leave. Overall; we really enjoyed our stay, and will return in April.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>seems nice to me I saw many complaints on this hotel after I booked it, so naturally I was worried. However, when I got there the employees were very nice. Our room was ready immediatly, and extremely clean, and I am somewhat of a clean freek. It came with topsheets and all. Yes the rooms were small, and it was a little noisy, but hey its San Francisco. Anyhow, I would stay here again and do recommend it.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Prico000
<Content>The staff went out of their way To make sure our stay was pleasant. I had a friend of mine, who lived in the city, make the reservation for me but after reading some of the reviews I became quite concerned.I had planned a very pleasant romantic weekend with my wife, dinner and dancing, and wanted everything to be perfect.I spoke with Brandon about my concerns and he put me at ease with his excellent customer service.The hotel has an excellent location and our room was comfortable, clean and very modern. The staff was pleasant and responsive.You can stay one block closer to Union Square and paid double the price but I doubt if your room will be any nicer than at the Diva Hotel  
<Date>Feb 18, 2004
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Diva was Great! I recently stayed and the Hotel Diva and loved it! I was on a business trip and didn't have much time to spend in the city so the location was perfect. We were close to fabulous restaurants and tons of shopping. All of the staff were attentive and pleasant. Our room was clean and definitely a stylish! I'm not sure why people complain about noise. After all, it is the city! I would stay there again in a heartbeat.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SlateNYC
<Content>Hotel ready needs a facelift Over the last ten years, I've stayed at the Diva four times. The location, across the Street from the American Conservatory Theater and two blocks from Union Square, stores and restaurants, is very convenient. The rooms are small, and the decor is (or was, in its heyday) industrial-boutique-hip.But the hotel is showing its age, and the gleam is off. My room smelled stale. Carpets are looking worn, the built-in hair dryer in my bathroom was broken (the front desk did send someone out to the corner drugstore for a replacement), the guest computers in vending machine rooms are slow, antiquated iMacs, and all in all, I came away feeling that the hotel needs an overhaul.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Diva: Something very different than Home The Diva..a prima dona only in the sense that is unique in its simplicity. I found it very refreshing both in its furniture design and color choices. Soft, lite colors reminding me of the ocean. The furniture: clear,clean lines. I had a very spacious room.I was traveling alone. However, I thought if I wanted to have a romantice weekend and wanted to avoid clutter and frills I would choose the Diva. Its very sensuous in a modern way. The room was quiet ( I had an inside room) I liked that the sink and mirror was within the room so that I could dry my hair without the steam from the shower. Upon going to bed ,when traveling, I often like to keep a light on in the bathroom. At the Diva I noticed this long white cylinder in the corner of the room. It was a lamp, a column of light that could be dimmed to any level. What a sweet nite lite! For a woman traveling alone this is a perfect hotel. The staff is friendly and helpful.Great location. They promptly called a Shuttle for me to the Oakland airport. The hotel is attached to a Starbucks. So coffe in the morning before my meeting was easy. Again this is not the decor I would choose to live in but it certainly was refreshing. Thankyou, Refreshed Buisness Traveler  
<Date>Jan 15, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>nice hotel, great location We got a nice room for $99 for a Saturday night. Two blocks from Union Square, one block from Max's deli. The continental breakfast is gone, but I it think it was replaced by the Starbuck's that you can enter from the lobby. The A.C.T. theatre is across the street. I think the other one is the Curan. The hotel has an extreme modern decor. Lots of brushed metal. It was interesting for the character. The bed was nice.There was a fair bit of street noise and we were six floors up.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Price, Not so good hotel We got a good rate for this hotel and the pictures on the website seemed convincing. We read that sometimes the double-double rooms are unavailable eventhough reserved, so we were very happy to check-in to both of our double-double rooms. Contrary to other's reviews, the people at front desk were pleasant. The little sitting area in the rooms were nice but the good stuff ends there. For starters, the hotel was difficult to find from the street. One of our two rooms smelled like mildew (and was told nothing could be done about it) and the alley that our rooms looked out to had some interesting activity in the evening and was extremely noisy from restaurant workers during closing time. A warm bed with great company at a good price made it good time... but I would not stay there again.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>lost the keys The hotel is nice and the rooms are a decent size but the service was terrible. As soon as I got to the front desk, the worker was very cold and emotionless. He told me that they over booked the hotel so they didn't have a room. He wanted to put my party in a sister hotel which is in the tenderloin for the same price. I explained to him that I didnt want to stay in the other hotel. Luckily someone checked out. He then set me up in a room at the Hotel Diva. The next day we were going to drive to a nearby restaurant. Come to find out, the valet lost our keys. We drove from Reno and needed to drive back the next day. We spent an entire night in the valet parking lot looking for the keys. Finally the GM for the valet hired a locksmith to make a new key. The GM waived our parking fees for 2 night and paid for the new key. But if you ask me, it didnt make up for a whole night in San Francisco. The next day, the manager of the hotel gave us a complimentary stay at the hotel for a later date. I guess overall we got some compensation back for all of our troubles but one night in my weekend stay was ruined because of outright neglect  
<Date>Oct 23, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SandiKensington
<Content>Diva is a dive! I woke up after one night with 6 huge insect/flea bites on my legs and arms. They called in an exterminator who couldn't find anything, so even though they did dry clean my few clothes, comped me for the night, and change my room, they wouldn't replace my $50 suitcase to ensure I didn't take the bugs home with me. More important was thier attitude of total disregard. Even though management saw my bites, they wouldn't acknowledge that this must have taken place in their bed!! They weren't medical people so they couldn't say what the problem was. I checked out and am now staying at the Warwick Regis, almost next door. It's a delight.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hotel Shady (Diva)   showReview(1099834, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 19, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>ok place   showReview(1089525, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 14, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>No Party Hotel?   showReview(860684, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 24, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fun, Convenient, Everything you Need   showReview(859387, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 20, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Bearlova
<Content>Not much applause for Diva Hotel   showReview(838035, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 17, 2003
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>nightmare on geary   showReview(829494, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 29, 2002
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>fdldd
<Content>The Diva is for divas (like me)!   showReview(726974, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 29, 2002
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Do not stay at this hotel if you can stay elsewhere   showReview(710714, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 4, 2002
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CDN_ROCKER
<Content>Clean, Safe and Different   showReview(692892, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 1, 2002
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Not what the website bosts it to be!!!   showReview(349241, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 30, 2001
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>magico81
<Content>che delusione!!!       facciata  
<Date>Oct 21, 2008
<Rating>1	2	1	4	2	4	1	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Fantastico   showReview(19649399, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>HansVenezuela
<Content>Para los que les gusta el dise帽o       Nuestro cuarto 2  
<Date>Jul 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel design   showReview(16589350, 'full');   
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bonne Adresse   showReview(16589351, 'full');   
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>smdd
<Content>Tres bien   showReview(15632120, 'full');   
<Date>May 4, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇俱仧娉娿伨銈嬨亱銈?#x201d;   showReview(19169039, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 26, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>paperina72
<Content>hotel di carattere a san francisco   showReview(12315558, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>zo茅zo茅
<Content>Tr猫s bon hotel   showReview(10492618, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hat gefallen!   showReview(11657463, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 17, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Top Lage - Stylish - Nett   showReview(11657462, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 28, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>BIWD
<Content>Tr猫s bon rapport qualit茅 / prix   showReview(8618421, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>HOTEL DIVA   showReview(19163681, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 31, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>annpi
<Content>Super petit hotal   showReview(8364241, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

