<Author>airstreamfamily
<Content>Just perfect. The hotel is situated in a great location. We did a lot of walking so we appreciated the location.We used the valet, which is the way to go at this hotel. They were really helpful in providing local information and friendly. The front desk staff was friendly and informative too.The rooms are perfect and relaxing. We changed rooms after stepping in the previous renter's dog pee. I tossed my socks and the hotel moved us to a room at the front of the hotel, and ate the cost of the valet. The room at the front of the hotel was surprisingly quiet. There wasn't much street noise. The stereo and tv are quite nice. The bathroom is incredible. My husband and I loved the shower head and toiletries. Our small children were fascinated with the water pouring from a hole in the ceiling, to fill the bathtub. Also, they loved looking out the bathroom window wall, into the suite. A motorized blind provides privacy, when needed.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>AW14
<Content>Great Hotel - excellent customer service I stayed at the Hotel 1000 recently for a business trip. It was recommended by Virtuoso. (The hotel is a Virtuoso property.) Can't say enough about the customer service - everyone was friendly and attentive...from valet to reception to housekeeping. I had a room overlooking Puget Sound. Great amenities. Literally the only thing missing were speakers in the bathroom! There is a great sound system, a 40 tv, beautiful and large bathroom. Beyond the nice touches - like the deep, extra large tub and the hi-tech features it also is very functional. The toilet has a separate door so someone can be washing up and the other in the toilet or shower. The main room was rather large and has a nice small sitting area. There is ample storage and a nice working area for your laptop. I would definitely recommend this hotel - good location and nice amenities. Also, make sure to eat at Boka - the restaurant in the hotel.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Joysafina
<Content>Fantastic but not again. Beautiful hotel, fantastic service, incredible room.... I especially enjoyed the 'business center' with the free internet service as this was a very nice touch. The room was beautiful and comfortable and luxurious. The bathroom amenities and quality soaps were a nice touch.The only negatives really is a common complaint I have with fancy hotels. The more expensive they are the more they charge for the little things that you normally receive at a 3* hotel. Water is $4 a bottle, there is no complimentary shuttle to/from the airport, there is no continental breafast. We stayed at a Portland hotel earlier that truly impressed us because of these little things (as well as their large, comfortable, clean and affordable room). I might sound picky but your average business 3* hotel will give you these basic amenties, but when a hotel like the Hotel 1000 is charging $250-400 a night, seriously why charge for water? Do they really need that extra $4? Why not offer some basic pastries for breakfast? Isn't there enough profit to be made on the room charge itself. Perhaps the main thing that would keep me from staying here is the location. Yes, it's only about a 10-15 min walk to the fish market and to shopping, it would be a lot for a family and it was especially far at night. We would probably stay much closer to the center of the eating/shopping/market area next time.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Terecita47
<Content>Love Love Love Love this hotel My boyfriend and I went on a romantic get-away to Seattle for the first time and chose Hotel 1000 after reading the reviews on this site. I can't speak for him, but I LOVED pretty much everything about Hotel 1000. I called ahead to order some champagne and chocolate dipped strawberries, which they had waiting for us in the room. The restaurant downstairs was perfect for our first night's dinner. Interesting fun little dishes to try. Hotel 1000 is located near everything you want to see in Seattle. You can walk, bus or ferry anywhere. The staff was phenomenal. Sweet, personable, and extremely helpful. They recommended restaurants to try, islands to visit, and transit plans to get wherever you wanted. They have a complimentary car service, when available, that will bring you to your close by destination free of charge. The boys outside working the door and cabs, etc. are super cute and dressed to the nines but nothing is shi-shi or annoyingly overstated here. The rooms are sleek and beautiful, the bathrooms of course, amazing with the old fashioned bath tubs and water that pours (and splashes!) from the ceiling. The downstairs lounge has a very cool interactive video game style map of the area you can sit down by the fire with a drink and map out your plan for the next day. Perhaps my criticisms would be this: Beware of picking up anything in your hotel that you might be charged for!! The sophisticated system seemed to mistake my looking at stuff for consuming it, and it will charge you. This includes some of the bath salts, etc. Just watch it. Mmmmm, kay? Other than that, we loved every minute and didn't want to leave this hotel. I simply can't say enough about Hotel 1000. I never gush about such things. But we had that good of a time.Thank you to the entire staff for making us feel like family!!  
<Date>Oct 20, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Dangank
<Content>Modernism Done Right Hotel 1000 may be the best modern hotel in America: clean, new, efficient, comfortable, fetching, and generous. It leaves nothing to be desired. I recommend it whole-heartedly. Big rooms, great bathrooms, awesome views, nice gym, two intersting bars/restaurants, in-room amenities deluxe, and a welcoming staff add up to an A+.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KarenSoCal
<Content>Nice amenities, great customer service My husband and I decided to treat ourselves while celebrating our 30th anniversary in Seattle. After reading several TripAdvisor reviews from other travelers, I selected the Hotel 1000 based on the positive remarks regarding the hotel amenities and customer service. There have been many times while traveling that we have had contact with snobbish, condescending hotel staff. None of that kind of service even exists at the Hotel 1000. Either the hotel management does an excellent job of training the staff to cater to its customers or they just are fortunate to hire caring employees who truly enjoy their jobs and want the traveler to have a good experience. The concierges and young valet staff were especially helpful in making recommendations and providing fast service.We stayed in a water view room which provided a wonderful view of the harbor and several historic buildings. It was a surprise upon opening the hotel door to be greeted with uplifting classical music and slides of paintings on the television screen. After a hectic airplane ride it was just what we needed. The hotel is modernistic and it attracts a rather youthful clientele but it's also a haven for a more mature traveler who likes to feel pampered. I'll definitely select the Hotel 1000 on my next visit to Seattle. They made our anniversary celebration a very memorable experience.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Etowners
<Content>Wonderful hotel We picked this hotel based on reviews on TripAdvisor, and we were not disappointed. After trying to figure out where to park the rental car, we decided to cough up for valet parking, which turned out to be a good choice. Simply pull up at the door of the hotel, and turn your car and keys over to a very friendly and efficient member of the parking team. The car is whisked off, and you don't need to worry about it until you need it again. Given the plethora of one way streets in downtown Seattle, it is probably easier to give the car a rest and just walk/transit to wherever you need to go! Reception was speedy, friendly and efficient, and also came with an offer to escort us to our room - we declined that part. Our room was on the 10th floor with a view of the ferries and cargo ships coming and going; actually the action on the water was more fascinating than the TV....Not that there was anything wrong with the TV (large plasma screen mounted on wall), I just have a problem with the abundance of 'medical product' advertising on US cable channels. Now - as for the room itself - it was beautiful. We had a kingsize bed with crisp linens, lovely glassware, french press coffee maker, beautiful classy decor all in a well thought out room design. As for the bath, what can I say? A deep free standing tub equipped with Molton Brown toiletries, that filled from a hole in the ceiling.... not terribly practical if you want to top up with hot water if you are already in the tub, but a lovely design feature nonetheless. The staff were fantastic, BOKA was great for brunch, and overall, it was a great experience. We would certainly go back, and we strongly recommend Hotel1000 for people who are fed up with the usual corporate hotel experience.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>travelbuggirlie
<Content>Great Experience Loved it! From the friendly staff to the awesome rooms... great location. We stayed 2 nights as a get-away from Vancouver. Would love to go back next time we visit Seattle.You must get a room with the fill-from-the-ceiling baths.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>sdht
<Content>Great Stay       Standard Room  
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>David98
<Content>Cool Zone Just faultless. We arrived in dire need of some pampering, and we got it. Excellent staff, fabulous rooms, esp. the bathrooms. Good location. Thanks Hotel 1000.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	5	5	3	

<Author>bcary
<Content>Great hotel - perfect location! I have been to Seattle a few times now, stayed at a few different hotels. But now I know where to stay, and it's Hotel 1000! The location could not be more perfect (for those of us who frequent the Metropolitan Grill while in Seattle). It's just a short walk away from my favorite attractions. The bathrooms are gorgeous, and very innovative with the soaking tubs and privacy curtains. I will definitely be returning.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Ces_Mark
<Content>Loved it!!!! Arriving at the hotel was a little disconcerting. It took us three trips around the block to figure out where the parking was. In order to park at the hotel, you have to have the valet park your car.However, once we got past the parking stress, the hotel staff was amazing. We were greeted on the way in and the receptionist checking us in was extremely friendly and efficient.The hotel room was the best part. The room was beautiful and large. The bathroom had a huge soaker tub which we didn't have time to try.The Boka restaurant at the hotel had the best mussels I have ever tasted. Happy hour is fantastic. Anyone who stays at the hotel needs to go in for happy hour.Overall, I would recommend this hotel for travellers looking for something unique.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>DeborahChicago
<Content>The Best Hotel in Seattle I love this hotel. The staff is incredible, friendly and impeccably trained, available for every need, Rooms are serene and fabulously fashionable and comfortable at the same time.The best location in Seattle, walkable to everything. I have stayed at the Alexis, the Vintage Park, the Monaco and the Pan Pacific, among others - this is absolutely the best, no comparison.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>77Molly
<Content>Loved Hotel 1000 I loved the Hotel 1000. The best part of the hotel are the small things about it that make it fun. I really enjoyed the photo gallery options on the television and the bathtub that filled from the ceiling was fun. The room was nicely sized and well decorated and the service was great. I'd go back!  
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Critical_Mind
<Content>Chique boutique hotel with stunning rooms Went to Seattle during a sunny week in September and stayed at the Hotel 1000. Check in was very good and the concierge very friendly. The hotel's interior design is stunning using high quality products throughout.The rooms:We had a room on the upper floors with a view over the bay, which was gorgeous. The facilities are fantastic - Sony Flat Screen (massive), very comfortable bed, marble bath room with a free standing bath tub (which is filled from water coming down the ceiling - yes, down the ceiling), separate shower and toilette and Molton Brown toiletries. There was a coffee maker with fresh Starbucks coffee provided for free. A further nice touch was that the TV played classical music whilst showing Italian Renaissance paintings when we checked into the room - I found that a perfect combination. We used the library for reading the daily newspaper - and may I say, it is a true library with a very nice atmosphere. The bar/restaurant served good cocktails and was frequented by both locals and hotel guests giving it a good vibe. Ordered breakfast to our room - delicious, warm and well-presented.You can use two business computers for free (including internet). Summary:Check in / check out: very goodRooms: amazingFacilities: good - they have a small spa, a very nice library, but a gym/pool would have made it a perfect Service: very good  
<Date>Jul 25, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Family-C-L
<Content>Modern luxury A friend who works at Microsoft recommended the Hotel 1000 to us and we were very happy with the referral. The hotel is modern, quite new (recently changed management I believe) and conveniently located on First Avenue and within walking distance to the Central Market on Pike St. We arrived around 10am and since the room wasn't ready yet, we left our luggage and walked around the neighborhood, which was safe and dotted with cafes and shops. We received a call on our cell phone when the room was ready and then we checked into our room with a half city view, half harbor view. The room was large and comfortable (we slept very comfortably on the bed). The bathroom was also large and stocked with Molton Brown toiletries. As mentioned in previous reviews, there was this funky waterfall tap for the bathtub, which is neat in concept + design, but impractical in use. The water merely splattered all over the tub area. Anyway, not a big deal.We were extremely pleased with the service. The hotel had asked us if we were celebrating anything special for our visit and when I told them ahead of time that it was for our wedding anniversary, they surprised us with a bottle of champagne and strawberries upon arrival. That was a very nice touch. They also confirmed our dinner reservations without prompting. The staff even offered to take us to the restaurant in the hotel limousine free of charge. We couldn't have been happier with their friendliness. Overall we definitely recommend this hotel!  
<Date>Jul 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jagoda13
<Content>Nice        Cool bathroom  
<Date>Jul 18, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>sduprie
<Content>Loved the 1000! We had amazing service from the staff at Hotel 1000. We travelled with our 3 small children (all under the age of 7). The staff were very friendly and helpful in all ways. We did not once feel self-conscious about having our kids in tow. The location is great for walking to the Pier, the Market, Pioneer Place, and Westlake. It is in downtown and quite convienient (1 block) should you need to hop the bus to Seattle Center.The decor is modern, upscale. The products are Molton Brown and the beds are quite comfortable. I would return again!  
<Date>Jul 17, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sixsticks
<Content>Even Better Than Expected! We spent a week at the Hotel 1000 in Seattle, WA prior to going on an Alaskan cruise. Hotel 1000 far exceeded our expectations following extensive online research. You were thoroughly pampered and the words, no or we can't are not in the staff's vocabulary. They will literally jump through hoops to accomodate you and your needs, no matter what requests you may have. From the doormen to the front desk staff, we were quite impressed. The rooms (we had 7 of them) were just lovely and extremely clean and comfortable. We did not experience any service problems which have been written in previous reviews, i.e., housekeeping problems, lack of clean towels, etc. The French pressed in room coffee was a plus! The location was perfect, centrally located in downtown Seattle. There was rarely a need to use the rental car we had other than for sightseeing trips. There is great shopping and dining within walking distance. I just love and appreciate a hotel with the personal touches such as referring to you by name at all times. Our son lives in Seattle and we have stayed at many other fine hotels. The Hotel 1000 will now definitely be our hotel of choice!  
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Matsufatsu
<Content>Great Location, Friendly Staff We went to Seattle for the weekend and definitely enjoyed our stay at Hotel 1000. The rooms were gorgeous as they contained plasma televisions, comfortable beds, marble bathrooms, and an awesome tub that filled from the ceiling. They also have their own lincoln towncar which we used to drop us off near Pike's Place Market (when it was available). The market is about a leisure 30 minute walk, but I had sprained my ankle so we used the Hotel's towncar. The only knock on the hotel is that we stayed on the street side and the traffic noise can be a little annoying. Within walking distance to Elliot's Oyster House as well as Seattle Underground. The staff was first rate!  
<Date>Jul 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lavendergirl1962
<Content>Outstanding Service       Room with privacy shade down  
<Date>Jul 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>EmilyReese
<Content>Disappointed We stayed for a week鈥oom was ok, but the service was not good: 1. room did not get serviced every day, we had to call concierge three days in a row to ask for room to be cleaned and towels to be changed; 2. only first couple of days we got regular black coffee and the rest of the days we had to call concierge to ask for regular coffee because we would get only decaf; 3. every time we took shower the water would leak through the opening between shower door and the wall and leave a big puddle of water that we had to put big bath towel on the floor to collect it. Overall, it鈥檚 not worth it鈥?for more then $250 a night on an average it could have been much better鈥?/p>  
<Date>Jul 3, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>GreekGirlSeattle
<Content>Great Anniversary Stay We had a wonderful stay while at Hotel 1000, while celebrating our 1st Anniversary. I am 28, my husband 32, we are world travelers and have been blessed to stay at some really cool places. This hotel is at the top of our list. After reading some of the reviews listed here, I would agree there are a few areas that needed work, but the overall the excellent service made the small things seem like nothing. Not a single detail was spared while making our Anniversary the best it could be.The Bad:1.) Our room wasn't ready when we arrived, they said they would call our cell phone when it was ready- no callThe Good:1.) Even though our room wasn't ready they upgraded us to the 14th Floor (highest level), rewarded us with a bottle of champagne, fresh strawberries, and a hand written letter wishing us a Happy Anniversary! VERY KIND2.) I had arranged to have a cake dropped off replicating that of our wedding day. They did a fantastic job arranging and presenting it.3.) BOKA KITCHEN: AMAZING We made our dinner reservations for 8pm, when we arrived our table wasn't ready so we decided to grab a delicious drink at the bar: Frost (which is rosemary infused Vodka with Pom juice...YUMMO) Who would have thought Rosemary in Vodka? We had a nice visit over our drink, our hostess sat us 15 minutes later, apologizing profusely. Only to find out she sent out (2) appetizers as a thank you for being patient. We nibbled on the Sugar Cane Skewered Crab Cakes (Delicious) and the BBQ Beef Sliders (Tasty). We each had a flight of wine (Great Selections) shared a salad and Asparagas Spears (not so great). I had the Lamb for dinner which paired nicely with my flight of red wine from French Region (Cotes Du Rhone), my husband had the roasted chicken with white wine. They even put together some ice cream for us to take to eat with our wedding cake! Great service, excellent staff, can't wait to go back.4) We brought our dog Lola, she is 24lb Puggle and is all love and licks. They completely spoiled her by bringing a large dog bed, two bowls, doggie treats, a large bone, and a toy for her to play with. They offered to walk her, but she was pooped from a long day of sight seeing in Seattle.Overall everything was perfect. Very swanky, I loved all the little details. We travel a lot and really enjoyed our stay at the Hotel 1000 and can't wait to go back!  
<Date>Jul 1, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sembrown
<Content>Cool but had some problems       The privacy screen on the top left is what fell out of the ceiling.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	2	4	3	

<Author>FlyOneWorld
<Content>Silly shortcomings and not really 5 star Stayed at Hotel 1000 for 3 nights in June in a corner bay view room. (The view was of the port area and an ugly building so I would not pay extra for this view) We arrived at 3:15pm and the room was not ready. Check-in is at 4pm so we said nothing. The front desk promised to call us on my cellphone when the room was ready, nobody called.The room itself is well appointed, large, with an excellent bed and stylish bathroom. The bathtub in the window was cool. The soft bed sheets let you drift away. The location was fairly good as we could walk anywhere in 10 minutes or so. However, we had several observations everyone should note.1. You will hear street noise. We did on the 9th floor.2. The hotel has town car drop off service, they fail to tell you this at check in.3. Our room was not vacuumed and the carpet was dirty. Upon complaint they vacuumed promptly.4. The TV turns off by itself to reboot the system. This happens often.5. They don't seem to have a laundry service.6. For a so called 5 star hotel - there is no shoe mitt or buff, no envelopes or stationary in the room, no slippers, and the hotel directory is short on information. 7. Room service prices are inaccurate, while it is not listed anywhere in the menu book they add large service charges and delivery fees. Not unusual but notice is a good thing.8. The valet did not know what parking costs.For $400-500 or so a night Hotel 1000 does not deliver real value or stellar service. The Four Seasons will open in November and I will try that before I return to Hotel 1000.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2008
<Rating>3	2	4	3	1	2	2	2	

<Author>da32528
<Content>Does not accept cash This hotel will not accept cash. Any hotel that DOES NOT accept cash at check-in is breaking the hospitality rule of...hospitality...and neglecting to show care and regard for transient's who only use cash.  
<Date>Jun 10, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PhillyGirl33
<Content>Terrific place to stay       Bedroom  
<Date>Jun 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	2	5	4	5	

<Author>notstiller
<Content>Great place to stay in Seattle       A sitting/work room in the suite  
<Date>Jun 4, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>sumbloke
<Content>Hotel 1000: Stop looking, start booking!!! One of the best hotels I've ever had the pleasure of staying in, absolutely flawless service and facilities that completed a great weekend in Seattle. For such a classy place it has a really relaxed vibe. I'm all for checking out what else is on offer as a general rule, but I wouldn't contemplate staying anywhere else if I was to visit the city again - I doubt anywhere could come close.Well worth every penny. The rooms are sleek and beautifully designed and packed full of tasty complimentary bits and bobs. The beds are amazingly comfortable and the high-tech touches are something else - the ceiling filled bathtub, dividing glass wall wth electric blind, the piped music and the artwork slideshow on the plasma screen - loved it! Nice toiletries too . . . Molton Brown I think. Well placed for everything - Pike Place just up the street, Benaroya Hall around the corner, Pioneer Sq down the hill. Stop trawling through your expedia shortlist now and get this place booked - you can't go wrong!  
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>TexasTraveler002
<Content>Loved it We arrived early to Hotel 1000 so the staff took care our luggage for us until check in. At 4:00pm check in our room was not ready so we were upgraded right away to a suite.The room was spacious, clean, plasma tv, great view, neat bathroom. The hotel is also located perfectly for walking the boardwalk, to the market and downtown.The restaurant in the hotel Boka Kitchen and Bar had good food and a fun atmosphere.The only complaint I have about this hotel is the street noise was really bad. The noise from cars and motorcyles bounced off the downtown buildings in our corner suite.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>cyndi417
<Content>Hotel 1000 is awesome! We stayed at Hotel 1000 for three nights - end of March/first of April, for our 24th anniversary. We were thrilled with the level of service from the moment we stepped foot into the hotel.After check-in everyone - including the doorman - knew and used our names. The concierge was very helpful in making reservations for all the things we wanted to do while in Seattle, including dinner reservations at Canlis (out of this world food)!We booked our stay directly through the Hotel 1000 website and stayed in a Grand Luxe Parlor Suite. The bed was very comfortable and the linens were wonderful. Loved the fill from the ceiling tub, too.We travel a great deal and this was one of the best hotel's we have ever stayed in - including Wynn in Las Vegas! Will definately stay here again on our return trips to Seattle.  
<Date>May 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>johnzzz
<Content>Must stay for Seattle visitor I selected Hotel 1000 for a corporate event on the recommendation from a friend who lives in Seattle. I was EXTREMELY PLEASED with this hotel on every front; in fact, before leaving I booked several nights for my wife and I to have a romantic weekend getaway at a great hotel and beautiful city.You'll love the rooms: beds, plasmas, bathrooms, lighting, service, restaurants, everything.The only thing I could put in the semi-negative column would be the normal priciness of a big-city boutique hotel. But even this would be a nit pick - the prices are very competitive and yet you get to stay at a hotel that is arguably when of the best I've every visited and I'm an extremely frequent traveler around the world...  
<Date>May 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Frenchiemommy
<Content>Amazing weekend!       Our beautiful room  
<Date>May 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>LadyJulie
<Content>The best hotel we've ever stayed in We decided to stay at Hotel 1000 based on TripAdvisor reviews and the location, and we are glad we did. Hotel 1000 excels in service and making your stay as pleasant as possible. It was wonderful to have a pre-arrival form emailed to us in order to make airport transfer arrangements, and an itinerary was emailed back to me within 15 mins. of making a request!.The bed was extremely comfortable and the lighting was excellent, complete with dimmer switches to match the lighting to your mood. The bathroom was beautiful and large. The frosted glass door on the toilet room took a bit of getting used to, however, as far as privacy.We loved the location of the hotel and were able to get to Pike Place Market, the monorail to Seattle Center, the waterfront, and Pioneer Square all by walking a few blocks. Some walks did involve hills, but the hotel staff were able to share some flatter routes.We would also recommend Boka, the hotel restaurant, for a great meal.We would definitely return to Hotel 1000!  
<Date>May 18, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>pcmpapacherry
<Content>What An Awesome Place!! Wow! I booked this hotel for a trip to celebrate my best friends birthday. She had never stayed in a nice hotel, and I wanted it to be really special. When we pulled up to the Hotel, two valets came rushing out, and alerted the front desk that we had arrived. We were checked in, in about 5 minutes tops. I had let them know that I was coming for my friends birthday, and they gave her a free spaahh facial, (which she said was incredible)! Now, on to the rooms. Geez, what a place! When we opened the door, classical music was playing on the fourty inch television, very well decorated, and it smelled terrific! The bathroom was amazing. It had a frosted glass shower door, as well as one hiding the commode, and a huge seperate deep soaking tub. The coolest part was that the water to fill the tub comes from the ceiling!! There is a glass wall with a optional retractable shade that seperated the bathroom from the room itself. The lotions, and soaps were amazing. It was the nicest hotel I have stayed at in Seattle, and I have stayed in all of them! ALSO, is was cheaper than most of them! I loved it! It's the only place that I ever want to stay again! Oh, and the bed and linens were just amazing! I can't wait to go back next month!! It doesn't hurt that everyone who works there is gorgeous either!!  
<Date>May 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CuriouslyStrong4me
<Content>Fantastic hotel on 1st street The staff at this hotel are v. friendly and go extra steps to ensure guests are comfortable. Examples during our stay: we bought a case of wine from a local store, and the front desk delivered it to our room promptly. We were notified on our Cisco phone via a text message -- very cool touch. We called for a cab twice, once local and once to the airport, but were offered the hotel's town car for use (free, and for the same price as a cab, respectively).I think we got a fantastic room, but could have paid less, according to some other reviewers here. Sounds like our $335 room is exactly like or very similar to someone who paid $225 during the same month of stay. I agree with everything pompom79 says about the hotel. My husband  I found it annoying that in Seattle of all places, there was no alternative music selection in the TVs music channels. Music in the bathroom would have been nice. The hotel is proud of the digital art on the TV; however, our TV display has already been burned by leaving the TV on most of the time; an ever-present ghost scroll bar is distracting.The location is very convenient - easy walks to ball fields, pier, and Pike's Market. we were v. surprised at how reasonable the mini-bar items were: $17 for a 1/2 bottle of a nice, drinkable Dunham blend; $4 or so for a beer; $7 for a bath fizzy.  
<Date>May 1, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>pompom79
<Content>One of my top-rated hotels ever! I'm a complete hotel snob after having been subjected to too many highway motels on childhood road trips - call it my form of adolescent rebellion, but since I was old enough to book my own trips, I've never been able to deal with anything less than a 4* hotel. That being said, I do try to find the best deal possible, and have been lucky enough to have stayed in some gorgeous rooms at great prices over the years. Hotel 1000, though, tops the list. My husband and I were heading down to Seattle for a concert and wanted someplace chic, comfortable and close to the venue. After reading Hotel 1000's reviews, there was no question as to where we'd be staying. We booked their most basic room for $225/night, which turned out to anything but basic. The bathroom was incredibly large, with a shower, 2-person ceiling-filled tub, and wonderful amenities, including a loofah sponge. The room itself was massive (we were in a corner room, slightly larger than the regular basic rooms, I believe), with an incredibly comfortable bed. Turndown service left little chocolates on the pillow, we very much enjoyed the French press-brewed Starbucks coffee, and the robes were simply sumptuous. Free wifi and VOIP calls are a nice touch and would make this a perfect place for an extended business stay.Beyond the room, the hotel itself is very nice - intimate and very stylish. There's delicious complementary strawberry lemonade in the lobby, a treat almost as sweet as the staff. I have never yet encountered a staff as gracious and helpful as Hotel 1000's - from the valets who greeted us (and happily retrieved some items we had left in the car when we called down), to the concierge and front desk staff, everyone we encountered was having a great time doing their jobs - their pride in their place of work certainly shows.A fabulous stay, and I don't think I could stay anywhere else in Seattle after having experienced Hotel 1000!  
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>EAP3232
<Content>Great experience! I had a fantastic experience at Hotel 1000! If you are interested in a boutique hotel in downtown this is a great option. Excellent location - walking distance to Pike Place Market and lots of restaurants. The rooms are very contemporary ... comfortable bed ... usable desk space for the business traveler ... nice bathroom amenities. I was there for a week for business/pleasure and the staff was consistently excellent - they were very genuine and always went out of there way to greet me and offer their assistance. I got room service and ate at BOKA and thought the food was very good. I would absolutely recommend this property.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	4	5	5	

<Author>kliz15
<Content>Classy, comfortable  Hotel 1000 lives up to the hype. We had a corner room on the 12th floor. The view swept from Mount Rainer  the Stadiums, around to the Sound and Bainbridge Island. It was gorgeous. We were fortunate as the weather was in the low 80's and there wasn't a cloud in the sky. So the city was incredibly gorgeous around the hotel. When we arrived the valet was prompt and polite in taking care of us. We went to check in at 4 and they were doing a final run through on our room. We waited no more than 5 minutes, and our keys were issued. I discovered the heavenly fresh strawberry lemonade in the lobby as I waited! What a treat! Good stuff. When we arrived in our room, it had the fragrance of cleanliness. As if they had spritzed lysol to give it some freshness. It was nice. We of course were taken back by the beautiful views first. Then pleasantly surprised by the size of the room. There was a nice seating area at the end of the room that we weren't expecting. The linens on the bed were heavenly. So soft, almost as smooth as satin. The bed was comfortable, but it wasn't the most steady. It was unusually bouncy. I felt every turn from my husband as he slept. But it wasn't that bad. I'm just used to my Beauty Rest at home and the Westin Heavenly bed (Which is the same mattress.) Hotel 1000 has better sheets...I guess you can't have it all. The bathroom was huge. And I loved the full sized soaps, lotions  hair products throughout. I didn't have time to bathe but the tub was cool. If the weather wasn't so nice, I might have been indoors more and enjoyed a bath. But we were on the go and barely there. I liked the rain shower, but it's mounted on the wall which I found odd. I'm used to it being mounted over head and cascading down. All the fixtures are Kohler and very high end. Even the toilet is high end. Be mindful that if you stay here, there are certain givens. The sounds of the city can be heard from your room (honking, music, boat horns...the general hustle and bussle of a downtown city). It didn't bother me on the 12th floor much. But my husband's mom was on the 8th floor and found it distracting. Also, getting around town is often difficult. There are many one way streets and going a mile can take a lot longer than expected. But it goes with the territory so it didn't bother me. We took the ferry over to bainbridge island. I recommend the trip. You catch the ferry a few blocks from the hotel. I think it was $12 for the car and driver and $6 for additional passengers. The boat was fun. And the island was beautiful. Cherry blosoms were in bloom too. It's much like the east coast...Nantucket feel. We came back on the 7:10 boat and had a gorgeous sunset cruise. So amazing!Took a day trip to Canada too. Got lucky and the boarder lines were short. We waited no more than 10 minutes on either side. The drive to Victoria was about 2 1/2 hours each way. For those of you who are from big cities...be prepared. The Northwestern Crowd drive the speed limit. I CA we go 70-80 on a regular basis...they go 50-60! Plan on being patient. Very impressive hotel, and fantastic location. I forgot to mention only a mile from Qwest and Safeco field. We drove to the stadum to see the Mariners/Angels game. But you could have walked. Parking was $20. Oh, and our last day there we woke up to tradiatinal Seattle weather. Gloomy, drizzling and cold. Sadly, you couldn't see Mt. Rainer or the island. So if it's not clear...you may not get to see the impressive views. That's about it.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Kpartlow1
<Content>Great Hotel and Massage! Just returned from a 3 night stay at Hotel 1000 with my boyfriend. Great arrival experience. My bf couldn't get enough of the complimentary strawberry-lavendar infused lemonade available near the front desk. I think he smuggled about 10 cups of it over the course of our stay! Our room was the 4th floor. I definitely recommend asking for a higher room. While our view of 1st street directly below us was okay, I would have preferred a view of the water. The massage I had at the Spa was amazing! Definitely one of the best massages I've ever had. My boyfriend and I used the fitness center (a bit small but nice) and the library on the 4th floor, a really cute place to sit by the fire.The location of Hotel 1000 was also great. We walked everywhere - only 10 minutes to Pike Place and near the pier. I would definitely stay here again!  
<Date>Apr 15, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>uncosito
<Content>Dirty French Press This is the third time I've stayed at Hotel 1000. Probably the last...why don't I learn. It's a great looking hotel and I LOVE the bathroom and tub, but why can't they clean a french press?!It's disgusting. The french press smells like rancid coffee oils and you can see the coffee residue and oils on the various parts. Take a look if you choose to stay here. Pull apart the filter and see how many coffee grounds you find between the pieces. Just a note: there shouldn't be any. Wipe a napkin around the lid and on the bottom of the filter plate and see how much coffee grime comes off. If you get any, it's not clean.I expect more for $200 plus a night and four stars.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Rusty2280
<Content>Perfect Luxury        The water view  
<Date>Apr 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>christel
<Content>Mixed feelings but stunning rooms Lovely spacious rooms with relaxing colour schemes and fascinating bath room with the electric blind to shield me from the office workers. :) What a shock when the column of water descended from the ceiling!Did not enjoy the food offering in BOKA- very oily winter veg with lovely white fish- yuk. Breakfast was more acceptable with the mini buffet. No bread though only pastries. Don't understand why US hotels do not bother withhealthy eating? I had to be very careful what I chose to avoid nausea nad indigestion . Maybe I am spoiled on this side of the pond?Considered the spa offering but rooms very pokey so passed on that. Got my nails done at a local salon up the road- VERY reasonable.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	3	3	3	4	4	

<Author>steve
<Content>Great hotel. I'd return in a heartbeat. Fantastic hotel. Wonderful service.Plus:* Great location* I arrived early, and while my room was not ready, they were very accommodating regarding my desire to change and freshen up.* I had a corner room, and while other corners would have a view of the water, my room was great. Lots of room, big TV with art/music channels, very very comfortable.* Very comfortable bed. Prompt room service.* Nice area for breakfast and drinks* free high speed internet, wired and wireless.Cons:* Parking was pricey* None that I can think of. For any business/pleasure downtown, this is a great place to stay. Highly recommended.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	5	5	5	

<Author>2DOTGuys
<Content>Great Location  We stayed here over the long MLK weekend in January 2008. Everything met our expectations. The staff was professional, friendly, and very helpful. The location made seeing Seattle on foot easy. The room was wonderful (great design and a great bathroom) and had a great view of Elliot Bay and the Olympic Mountains across Puget Sound. We also enjoyed the spa services and Boka restaurant, which was quite excellent. We will definitely stay there again the next time we go to Seattle.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>godiva1972
<Content>What a disapointment! After reading the 5-star reviews and getting a recommendation from a few locals, we checked into the Hotel 1000. We booked one of their bigger suites with 2 flat screen TVs, luxury bath, etc. While the staff was quite friendly and the concierge helpful, my problems were with the lack of basic amenities and cleanliness of the bathrooms. My first morning at the hotel, I entered the granite shower with 2 showerheads trying to figure out how to turn the 2 faucets on without getting soaked in cold water, for the knobs were at the far end of the shower and there was no way of avoiding the spray. That was the least of my problems because after I recovered from the ice bath, followed by the scorching heat of the hard-to-adjust temperature setting I realized that there is absolutely no water pressure. There was barely any water trickling out of the shower heads which made it impossible to rinse. Second shock? While fiddling with the temperature knob, I pulled off a wad of someone鈥檚 hair on my hand. Minutes later I noticed more foreign hair on the shower walls, Gross! After 10 minutes of trying to rinse unsuccessfully, I decided to just rinse my hair in the sink (which became my daily routine for the next 5 days). There is absolutely no water pressure at all. The next day, I decided to give the soaking tub a try. My first attempt to fill the tub, produced a tub full of dirty sudsy water- apparently they never rinsed it off from the previous guest, so I set out to clean the tub myself. On my 3rd attempt to fill the tub, I noticed that my bath bubbles were gray and dirty. My next grievance is that for such a large bathroom, they give you only one tiny piece of soap (the size of a silver dollar), which you have to carry from the shower, to the sink, to the tub. After 6 days at this hotel, it was never refilled with a new one. While I admire the city鈥檚 commitment to conserving water, a functioning shower and a bar of soap are a must for a decent hotel.  
<Date>Mar 10, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	2	3	4	3	

<Author>Luv2travel087
<Content>Worth the Money My husband and I had the pleasure of staying at the Hotel 1000 for three nights and it was definitely an experience to remember! This hotel is considered a four star hotel, but we both felt that it could easily be a five star.First off, the hotel ambiance is extremelly relaxing and peaceful. It is somewhat dark inside and decorated with darker hues, but in a way that is very calming. The rooms are absolutely unbelievable. We had a king waterview and though we paid a little more for the view, the windows were huge and gave us a great view of the Sound. There were also lots of nice touches like a flat screen that is personalized during your stay, a great bed with nice linens and lots of storage space. The room was a little small, but more than adequate for us! The bathroom is to die for - I would love to have a duplicate made for my home!Secondly, the food at the hotel is wonderful - we ate at the restaurant once and had an excellent meal and they have a really nice happy hour each evening in front of the fire that we enjoyed every night we were there. The staff is extremely friendly and accommodating and we were sorry to leave them at the end of our stay!We did not use the Spaah services but we did play virtual golf, which was a lot of fun - I would recommend it if you find yourself with an extra hour or so.We would return to the Hotel 1000 in a hot second - there is no where else we would stay in Seattle and we did our fair share of checking out some of the other hotels we were looking at. (Hotel Monaco, Hotel Vintage Park, Edgewater, etc.) - none even compared in our opinion. The location is also one of the best you can ask for in the city! If you get the chance and can afford it, definitely stay at this hotel - it will make your Seattle experience even better!  
<Date>Mar 5, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>forzuto13
<Content>Absolutey perfect time at Hotel 1000! I stayed here at the Hotel 1000 for eleven nights while in Seattle for some govt. training. The Jackson Federal Building is conveniently located right across the street from the hotel. When I first called the guest relations rep I was told that I couldn't get the govt. rate for dates listed but the lady was able to confirm me and took also my requests for a king bed, quiet location and the infamous bathtub that fills from the ceiling. Upon check-in I was told that they were able to honor my request with a complimentary upgrade. The room was on the 12th floor and was nothing less than perfect! When I first entered I found the 40  flat-screen HD TV (mounted on the wall) playing some relaxing classical music along with a selected program offering Renaissance art. You can play different themed programs. My favorite was the 1000 Places to Visit Before You Die. The room is nicely decorated in a subdued Asian theme, with dark floors, bamboo, blue and maroon walls. The king-sized bed was super comfortable, with nice feather pillows. The room itself was spacious and a had a large desk with lamp. The services there are extremely good. There is free long distance phone calling from the rooms and the business office. There are two computers with free internet. I was usually the only person in the room at any time. There is a really cool library located on the fourth floor that has nice comfy chairs and a fire place and you can choose the same music programs that are in each of the rooms. My friend and I went there one evening with a bottle of wine, dimmed the lights, put on the classical music, and had a very pleasant evening.There is a decent gym, although a little small in size. Still it has two elliptical trainers and treadmills. Free weights up to 50 lbs and three different fixed machines for shoulders, legs and back/triceps. There is a spa with services next to the gym and also a golfing simulator. Parking is availabe in garage and was for guests only when I was there. It can be pricey, however.The entire staff there was always very accomodating and friendly. Most are pretty young, but all very eager to assist you and always greeting you upon entering and leaving. The room service provides you with free Starbucks coffee to brew in the french presses that are in the rooms. I requested a refridgerator be brought up to my room so I could keep some food in their during my stay.What's also great is that the hotel is downtown and there are several happy hour offers nearby where you can get cheap appetizers and drinks. The hotel bar/restaurant has their own happy hour from 4-6 pm. I would always go to this place, called Contour, that was south on First Ave a block and a half. They have one of the latest happy hours around, lasting from 3 to 8 pm every day! Try the provolone cheeseburgers and lamb kebabs. Each only $1.95 at the time of my stay. Later the place become a club. The hotel is near Pier 54, where the famed Ivar's is (good for fish and chips with yummy tartar sauce!), and also close to Pike Place Market, Pioneer Square, Benaroya Symphony Hall and the Triple Door jazz club. Most things are within walking distance. Try Cafe Zum Zum for a cheap lunch. Pakistani food - various curries over basmati rice for around six bucks. We also went to Cafe Denunzio one evening. The dining room is charmingly decorated, and Tonnino, our server, was really nice. The food was pretty good but the was pretty blah.So you can see I was totally impressed with my stay at the Hotel 1000 in the Emerald City! Nothing short of perfect, actually. The cool thing about this hotel is it's size. I mean it's just big enough to have all the accomodations but also small enough to be intimate and not impersonal, like some of the big chain hotels. I highly recommend this place for anyone. Maybe not so much for big families with kids, but for sure for couples, seniors, and business people. Hope this review helps you to decide!  
<Date>Feb 1, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Jpetrone
<Content>My new favorite Fell in love with this hotel! The service was outstanding, the rooms were amazing. LOVE the water from the ceiling for the free standing tub. Felt like your own personal spa in the bathroom. TV was large flat screen and the bedding was one of the most comfortable I have experienced. Very high quality! Had several different meals prepared by the hotel as I was there for a conference. They were all wonderful! Loved the new technology phones and I hear there is more coming with the TV. The rooms were large and great to work in and relax. Great location to Pike Street Market (just down the street) and of course all that Seattle has to offer. Can't wait to go back as this is my new favorite hotel in Seattle.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>rickg2007
<Content>Excellent all around This was my second stay at the Hotel 1000. We were in town for the holidays this time and this property did not disappoint. Great location in downtown if you are catching a Seahawks or Mariners game because the hotel is on the cusp of Pioneer Square. Or go a few blocksnorth and you're in Pike Place Market or the Piers.The front desk and valet is very attentive...very speedy response to anything we needed. Rooms are very spacious and immaculate. And we loved the restuarant and wine room that were adjacent. I would definitely recommend this hotel and will always stay here whenI'm in Seattle.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>katyroogal
<Content>Absolutely Fabulous! We spent 3 nights at the H1K, it was worth every penny. Actually not expensive considering the spacious room and bath, also the high- end level of finish in the entire hotel. Elevators were always at the ready, Staff when summoned for any reason were fast, courteous and ready for any unexpected request( bed was firmer than my liking, received a new foam pad on top of mattress by bedtime). The concierge dealt with my frazzlement upon arriving from Central Time Zone at night without an opportunity for lunch or dinner due to flight issues by ushering us into the warm firelit lounge to have appetizers (gratis) and much needed cocktails. I could go on and on. The food is exquisite...be sure to try the tuna/ taro chip appetizer and the greuyere/sourdough sandwich with roasted tomato bisque soup. The Spahh called in someone early so I could get a pedicure before we left. This hotels is all about making your stay as pleasant as possible. For the first timer to Seattle it is located perfectly. A short 3-4 block walk in 3 directions will take you to most of the must see areas...Pike Place Mkt, TheAquarium, Pioneer Square (be sure to do the Underground Tour) The Seattle Art Museum is impressive with many artist of reknown, the shopping district is just a couple more blocks north and from there you can board the monorail over to the Seattle Center for even more to do. The Hotel1000 is 3 blocks from the water. I will be staying here whenever I return to Seattle..  
<Date>Dec 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Livie
<Content>I love this place We stayed 1 night at Hotel 1000 and enjoyed every minute of it. The rooms are so modern, clean and new, and I absolutely loved the design of the bathroom. The giant tub which fills from the ceiling is such a treat after trekking around Seattle in the rain and snow. We had two of the lowest grade rooms and I am extremely pleased with the value for money I got. We paid on average $214 Canadian per room per night and for the quality of room design, finishing, attention to detail and superb service, I feel it was excellent value.The hotel is centrally located on First Avenue, close by to Pike's. It is within walking distance (albeit a steep uphill climb) to the shopping district around 6th ave. The service is impeccable. From the moment you walk in, you are taken care of. It is classy and friendly, warm but very discreet and professional. The front desk is efficient and helpful The valet guys were always there to offer an umbrella for the seattle rain and always smiled to make the day more cheerful. I wished i could have stayed longer. It's my perfect idea of a weekend retreat where one can be pampered and indulge in luxury. Smooth and sexy, Hotel 1000 is one place I will be back.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>wgr
<Content>A new standard in service Try as I might, I cannot think of anything even slightly negative to say about this hotel. From the friendly and helpful valets when we checked in, to the front desk who at noon told us our room was not ready but took all of our belongings and said they would call us on my cell when the room was ready (we happily went off to Pike Street Market and had fun while we awaited our call.)The rooms are wonderful, a good size and spacious even with two queen size beds (we were a couple, a teenager and a miniature schnauzer).The bathroom is fabulous as most people have noted. The beds and linens are deluxe. Good workout area.My wife loved the spa!Only slight disappointment was the virtual gold which just seemed bizarre, but I guess golf addicts might love it.About a block and a half from the Seattle Art Museum and about 4 blocks to the Pike Street Market. Easy walk to the pier. Lots of nice non chain shops in the area.If you stay avoid McClintock and Schmick, an awful chain!Sex shop right next door amused my 15 year old.Will be back and soon.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2007
<Rating>5	2	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Luxury1Georgia
<Content>The Perfect Choice in Seattle This hotel is perfect. Beautiful rooms, great food, friendly/efficient staff, centrally-located...it just doesn't get any better. I am a luxury traveler and was extremely pleased with every aspect of this property.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Catfluff
<Content>A great stay Just returned from a long weekend at Hotel 1000. We had such a great time! The property is beautiful! The staff were very friendly (for the lost part - just one front desk person was not very warm and fuzzy). The doormen were great and attentive. Our room was great. Not overly spacious but we knew that when we booked. The bathroom was awesome - enjoy the tub! Enjoy a drink in the bar and take in the 'light show.' Overall, a great stay. We'd rebook here without any hesitation.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>jeaniebeanie74
<Content>Beautiful Room! Very luxurious room. Roomy, comfortable, and the bathroom is amazing! It is worth booking this hotel just for the bathroom. Great location, will definitely come back. If you like sleek, modern hotels with luxurious appts, then this is the hotel for you. The only bad thing is that check-in is at 4pm, which is inconvenient if you have an event to prepare for that starts immediately after business hours. Also, it took a long time for the AC to start running, but I'd rank this hotel alongside the W, Sheraton, Andra, and Westin Towers in Seattle.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>slctravelers
<Content>An Oasis in the Bustling City Beautiful and conveniently located. I loved this hotel. I also loved the continental room service breakfast for $15 that included coffee, fresh squeezed oj, two croissants, and a wonder granola yoghurt parfait topped with fresh raspberries. Room was very comfortable and quiet. I never had to wait for an elevator. I had a suite and the only thing I missed was a bathtub as hotel stays seem to be the only time I have luxury of a bath. The bathroom is spacious. I will stay here again.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Daph04
<Content>Hotel 1000 - a place to indulge! My stay at Hotel 1000 was as welcoming, hip and luxurious as advertised (I discovered it via the internet).Highpoints for me were the very comfortable bed, great location, spectacular bathroom, and friendly staff.I ate at BOKA one night -- food and drinks were way better and more creative than most hotel restaurants.I'd say here again in a heartbeat!  
<Date>Oct 27, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>goofy_md
<Content>One of the best As frequent travelers with very particular tastes, we tend to be disappointed in most hotels. We prefer small boutique places but find they generally lack the service of say the four seasons chain, but make up for it in style and uniqueness. This place had both. wonderful, hip but very comfortable rooms. great service with friendliness and efficiency. nice location. highly recommended.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>azrael765
<Content>Can't imagine a better hotel experience       Room view  
<Date>Oct 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>jbail
<Content>Perfect in every way Hotel 1000 is wonderful. I am currently staying here on a girlfriends' getaway with my former college roomate. Excellent, courteous service at every turn -- from the check-in to the restaurant and bar. For example, as we came up in the elevator from the Pike Place Market, I was carrying a bouquet that I had purchased for 5 dollars. A hotel employee was on the elevator, spotted me, and offered to find me a vase and deliver it to our room. Fabulous!The rooms are beautiful and spacious. There is free wi-fi. The fancy,ceiling-filled bathtub is spectacular, and the automatic privacy shade is a nice touch. The restaurant, BOKA, was wonderful and our host was unusually gracious. I have absolutely nothing negative to say about this hotel, and I am not an easy sell (see my review on Houston's Inn at the Ballpark).  
<Date>Oct 21, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Consultantgal
<Content>This is a GREAT hotel This hotel is a fabulous alternative to the standard cookie cutter hotel. The rooms are gorgeous and spacious. They are also beautifully decorated and appointed. The entire hotel is full of art and is wonderfully designed. Extras like a french press coffee maker, electronic blinds, tub caddy, free Internet, printer access just add to the overall great experience. Hotel staff are also wonderful. There is no choice in Seattle - STAY HERE.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>WSmile5
<Content>Worth the Splurge Stayed 3 nights in Oct '07. Arrived at 11:30 a.m. and our room was ready, even though was supposed to have 4 p.m. check-in time. As others note, location is terrific, and so was the view of the harbor and Olympic mtn range. Bed was great, bathroom amazing, esp. the tub! Staff extra-helpful. Room staff barged in on us 2-3 times though, they didn't knock first! Breakfast (for an extra $10-12) was worth it, at least once. Boka was pricey and extra-trendy, probably worth it though for laughs.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	2	-1	

<Author>Hixson2
<Content>Loved this hotel!! We stayed here for four nights. It is in a great location to sights, restaurants, and the waterfront. The rooms are terrific, and the bed was so comfortable we never wanted to leave. The staff was extremely helpful. We ate at Boka and it was innovative and chic and we enjoyed it. We each had a treatment at the Spahh which was great! Althought small it was well built and staff was super. Overall we had a great stay and will be back. The concierge made reservations at several restaurants but our favorite was the Dahalia Lounge. Great food and good atmopshere.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>Terikitty
<Content>Fancy! Hotel 1000 is a very beautiful, modern, upscale hotel in a great location in Seattle! We had a wonderful three day stay in Seattle, and we could walk to almost all of the sights we wanted to see. The staff at the hotel were very friendly and helpful, and the beds were oh so comfortable! The bathroom is very fancy and modern, and our room was extremely clean. The restaurant is somewhat expensive, but the food was very delicious. We had a wonderful stay!  
<Date>Oct 8, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>trpplnr
<Content>Beautiful Rooms, Comfortable Bed Conveniently located within walking distance of Pike's Place Market and Pioneer Square, clean and beautifully appointed room, exceptionally comfortable bed, friendly staff. For an extra fee, you can have a really great breakfast with unique items, such as yogurt and fruit parfaits and a selection of cheeses. They also offer eggs, cereal, rolls and muffins. The view from our waterview room was decent, but partially blocked by the building in front of the hotel. The only disappointment was that our Deluxe room did not come with the tub that everyone has been raving about in their reviews. We arrived after 2am and by the time we even noticed, we were already unpacked, ready for bed and exhausted. The room was $300 a night and we were offered $33 off per night because of the tub. Other than that, we enjoyed the hotel and would probably stay there again.  
<Date>Sep 9, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>liam.walsh
<Content>Stay Here I stayed at Hotel 1000, in fact I am still here. I can find fault with anything and i can here too, slightly silly shower head but thats all i can find to complain about. Its a very beautiful and incredibly appointed hotel. Its trendy without being as over the top like The W hotels can be.This hotel will is great for anybody.L  
<Date>Sep 4, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>blazinrebel
<Content>Hotel 1000 was Terrific After deciding to include Seattle as a part of my trip, I spent a LOT of time researching the different hotels there (so many!) and had a very difficult decision to make.It had a very classy atmosphere and if you're a couple or a business traveler you will feel very comfortable. The staff is very friendly and accommodating. All the rooms are ultra-modern and feature plasma televisions, complementary internet, and even a bathtub that fills from the ceiling. Their restaurant right off of the lobby is also very good and has some great deals on drinks and food too if you check them out for their reverse happy hour in the late evening. They also have a nice and small but functional business center and a fully-equipped workout center free of charge. The minibar is also fairly inexpensive.I will admit that it's not the most affordable but to be right downtown and a short walk from Pike Place, anything decent is going to be expensive. The only issue I had during the stay is how expensive and disorganized the room service was. Not only were the food prices expensive (to be expected anyway I guess), but there two different unexplained service charges on the bill also and that didn't include tax or gratuity.... I'm very used to having an automatic gratuity on the bill and I assumed that it was included in one of the service charges, however it was explained to me by the valet (which is who they have deliver the food apparently) that it is not so I also had to tip him. For a late night snack of a shrimp cocktail and a bowl of soup I think I ended up paying about $35.00 overall. The breakfast costed roughly the same and it was also somewhat disappointing. So, overall I was very pleased with the amenities, cleanliness, and luxury of Hotel 1000 and would definitely stay there again no question. Being that room service was the only part that was lacking, I just won't order it next time, not a big deal. If you are concerned with room service I guess you could stay at the larger, more expensive W Hotel but with that expect impersonal service and daily internet access fees I suppose. Happy Travels.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>bgrove
<Content>poor customer service This place is beautiful but don't expect great customer service. We booked one of the suites and, as the other review states, our room was not ready at 4 p.m. W e left to go have some drinks and when we returned at 6:30 it was ready. The room was really cool as was the bathroom. Be careful of the mini bar. If you remove an item for more than 30 seconds, it automatically is charged to your room. this in no joke! That alone was a huge turnoff. The next morning I went in search of coffee and found service set up in the library. However, no coffee was in the pot. I called the front desk and they said housekeeping would be up shortly but they were busy. 25 min go by and no coffee. we call again and they assured us someone would be by. 10 min later housekeeping comes by and removes the pot and slides the others around (decaf and hot water) and leaves to refill the regular coffee pot. (I assumed). 20 min later we call back down to complain no coffee. finally housekeeping comes and says she had replaced it earlier when she was in. in fact, what she did was switch the decaf label and the regular label so that the full pot of decaf now said regular. i know this to be true as i was sitting in a chair and watching who came and went the whole time. A new pot was never brought in and if it had, I would have been the first to jump for it after waiting so long. I could have made coffee in the room but I am not a fan of the french press and that is what they offered. The final complaint is that housekeeping came to make up the sleeper sofa at 6:30 and I asked if they could come back as were relaxing in the room ( just checked in) and were sitting on the sofa watching t.v. I felt rushed as she said they were their until 8:00 so i told her to come back at 7:30 and we hurried to get out the door for dinner. i have stayed at the inn at the market and prefer that. they have a wonderful rooftop overlooking the water. The Hotel 1000 tries to put out all of the bells and whistles but cannot pull it off.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2007
<Rating>2	2	5	4	4	2	1	3	

<Author>mgoblueCalifornia
<Content>not sure if I'd stay here again... Our family stayed at the Hotel 1000 for a couple nights. When we arrived we were told our room was not ready and to come back at 4:00 p.m. when the rooms were guaranteed. We returned at 4:15 p.m. and were told our room was still unavailable. After sitting in the lobby for 30 minutes, a manager came and offered free drinks and appetizers at the bar. Because of the inconvenience we accepted the offer. Although the staff was nice enough we never felt like they would go the extra mile to accomodate our needs. We had plans to return after a trip to San Juan, but canceled and booked with another hotel that had much better customer service. We contacted the front desk a couple of times and always had to call back a second time before we got a response to our request. The rooms were beautiful and the bathroom was amazing. Still, for the price you pay, the service should be exceptional.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>zman700
<Content>Perfect!!!       From the door  
<Date>Aug 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Scottsdale_from_IL
<Content>Very pleasant stay before our cruise We stayed here for one night before our Alaskan cruise. It is a very nice hotel with nice modern rooms, great beds and bathrooms. We ate in the Boka restaurant next to the 1000 and had a great dinner. Also, their custom cocktails were an experience. This hotel is very close to downtown and the docks so it's convenient for walking or cabs.I was disappointed that the TV was not truly HD (I'm spoiled now). Also, had a couple of very minor issues with the makeup mirror and desk lamp. All in all, it was a nice stay. I would suggest it to others along with the hotel we stayed at when we returned from our cruise.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cherryRUk
<Content>Comfortable stay.. This was a clean, modern ,hotel with comfortable beds,though the 2 queen beds left the room a bit on the tight side.We couldn't get a room higher than the 8th floor(apparently there are no 2 queens on the higher floors) . Our teenagers loved the novel bathroom.The staff were courteous and helpful, with the exception of one surly waiter at breakfast on our final morning. Good location, -most things in walking distance.Wouldn't object to staying here again.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	-1	

<Author>Honor27
<Content>The Best!! Excellent service, friendly staff, good food. Great atmosphere in the room. Treated like royalty and they were extremely kind to my 4 yr old boy. Will not be staying anywhere else in Seattle.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tinkit
<Content>Great Location great service ok - like all the other posting say - th bathroom ROCKS!! Yes, we used the tub - you just have too! We ordered room service the first night as we got in at 10:30 and starving - it was quick and tasty! The decor is modern with an Asian twist - very nicely done and attractive.The location was perfect - Seattle is a very walkable city and we were able to walk to the market, pioneer square, Safeco field, resteraunts and many other places form here. Many times we would pop back into the hotel on our way to something else just to take a quick rest and set off again. Which was FAB!The service was wonderful - very friendly staff - made us reservations for dinner, showed us where to go fo glass blowing, underground tour, breakfast ect.. ect... I will definatly go back!  
<Date>Aug 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Lope43
<Content>Great room  We stayed at this property for 2 nights on our way to a cruise and loved it. It has a funky boutique vibe. The room was very comfortable and our 10 year old son loved the tub! I loved the Molton Brown products and the turn down service was a nice touch too. The hotel is not kid friendly but we enjoyed it anyway. We asked the front desk for a simple dinner spot and she suggested Quiznos sub shop! I am not sure if they are used to seeing kids. We were able to walk down to Pike Street and shops and restaurants are nearby. We did not find our room dark, but the weather was bright and sunny and we had our curtains wide open. Everything in our room was in good working order. It took a minute to figure out the fancy phone though! We thought it was a good price for the property.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Earlus
<Content>Amazing Decor and Service I stayed at the Hotel 1000 with my husband and 18-month old daughter while traveling on business. I had booked this hotel because of its location, but also because it advertised a bathtub that filled from the ceiling, which I knew my daughter would get a big kick out of. While it's obviously not a hotel that caters to families with small children, we had an excellent experience. The room was very well decorated, if a little masculine, and the bathroom was the best I've ever been in (in terms of size, awesome bathtub, and general design). The service was amazing--we ordered a fruit salad from room service at 10pm, and it was delivered within 15 minutes! We ate off the bar menu at the restaurant for a late lunch one day, and I was not terribly impressed--everything was very salty (maybe because it's bar food?). My only complaints: the refrigerator/bar area was very swanky and it actually looked like you could mix a cocktail or two with the supplies provided (they also had several different types of glasses available!). Anyway, the complaint is that everything in the bar and refrigerator is weight-sensitive, so it was impossible to store anything we brought with us. Second, the bottled water was not complimentary--a minor complaint, but this is a very expensive hotel, so I thought it would be a nice thing to do.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>NilsStCyr
<Content>Weak Wannabe... Great facility. Wannabe 1st class service but turns out very stuffy and contrived. Restaurant is absolutely dumb and forced...  
<Date>Jul 24, 2007
<Rating>1	2	4	3	2	2	1	1	

<Author>Veritybenown
<Content>Mixed Feelings Well, everything started out perfectly at this hotel. It is very boutique chic, kind of W Hotel at half the price. We were super impressed with the room and the bathroom with the tub that fills from the ceiling. They have Molten Brown bath toiletries, and lush towels. Everything seemed top notch. We were staying there for my birthday weekend for 2 nights. When we got back to the room the first night, we tried to watch a movie, but neither the remote control nor keyboard were working for the TV, so we couldn't get internet or TV. We called the front desk and they sent someone up, but he couldn't fix it. We asked them to fix it during the day while we were out the next day. When we returned to our room at the end of the night the next night, we had a really nice tray of truffles and chocolate covered strawberries with both still and bubbly water. We aren't sure to this day if it was for the broken TV or for my birthday. They didn't say. But it was a nice touch either way. Nonetheless, the TV still wasn't working properly nor was the internet, and we couldn't watch a movie again. And the screen on the phone (which is like a mini computer screen) was supposed to automatically dim at around 9pm, but it didn't and it was so bright lighting up the whole room, we had to cover it with towels and a pillow. Also, there was a light bulb burnt out in one of the closets, and it is so dark in these rooms that we couldn't see what we had in there. They didn't replace that either and so we swapped the bulb from one closet to the other, but then the light wouldn't go out when we closed the door. That was probably why it burnt out in the first place. Also, our desk lamp was broken and just hanging off it's base...I was surprised they'd let it just hang like that and not fix it before occupying the room. The final thing was that the lounge wasn't open at all, so we couldn't sit in our hotel and have cocktails which was too bad. I handed a list of broken things to the front desk person when I checked out, and he just said sorry, and didn't offer up any sort of rebate or consolation for the shortcomings. I followed up when I got home with an email to the manager who'd left us the truffles, and he never replied to my email. I actually had to phone him a month later to ask him if he'd gotten my email, and he said sorry but he'd forgotten about it. He didn't offer and sort of consideration either. So although I love the hotel and the price point, I felt they could have given us a bit more consideration with either attempting to fix the broken TV/console/remote, or giving us another room, or some sort of discount on the room, or a discount on a future stay would've been fine too. I would go back one more time to see if this was just an odd, one time thing.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	3	4	3	

<Author>Ex-LA
<Content>Cool hotel What a cool hote! Terrific, friendly, helpful service in the most unpleasant circumstances: The people in the room next door were having a very loud party at 3:30 AM. I called down to the front desk to complain- two minutes later, it was dead silent over there. The next morning, the manager sent me a very nice breakfast with his apologies. They also discounted my rate that night by 50%.Very nice, contemporary accommodations- dark finishes with halogen lighting, almost too dark actually. The bathrooms are as described: very cool with trademark tubs. Internet access is fast and free.Location is fairly good (especially if you want to peruse the adult bookstore next door!)- but it felt safe and was walking distance to most things (10 min uphill walk to convention center, 20-25 min uphill walk to space needle/experience music)Cool lounge and restaurant in the lobby- didn't eat there but had drinks and appetizers- very tasty.Off topic: we had a fantastic meal at the Dahlia Lounge- highly recommended for superb food, cool ambiance, and excellent wine list (96 Harlan for $350- no joke!)  
<Date>Jul 12, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jenjen99
<Content>Would stay again in a heartbeat! For a recent weekend getaway to Seattle, my boyfriend and I decided to live the high life and stay in a top notch hotel. After a LOT of research on the best hotels in the downtown area, we settled on Hotel 1000. Through Travelocity.ca, I was able to book a Parlor Suite for less ($350 CAD) than a regular room (approx. $350+ USD). Fueled by the excitement of the bath tub that everyone kept raving about, we couldn't wait for our trip.And it didn't disappoint one bit! Having read on the hotel's website that not all suites had the bath tub, I called ahead to request a room that did. I also let it slip that it was our anniversary, and not only were we greeted with a Happy Anniversary when we checked in, but we also found chilled champagne, a plate of strawberries, and a thank you note from the hotel in our room. The suite itself was massive - literally larger than my apartment (which may not be saying much, given that I live in downtown Vancouver...but it was around 600 square feet). We entered via the sitting area, which had a comfy couch, large coffee table, desk, mini bar with Starbucks coffee and tea, and a 40 plasma TV. We didn't use the VOIP phone to call anyone, but it was fun to play with - you can even request your car from the valet through the touchscreen display. Other cool things at the hotel included a doorbell that housekeeping would ring (no annoying knocking!), virtual golf downstairs (which we didn't try, but walked down to check out), and the sleekly designed ice bins near the elevator that didn't distract from the modern decor one bit. The bedroom area is on the other side of a wall, and featured a king sized bed with incredibly smooth Thai sheets, two really comfy bath robes, another 40 plasma, and a really wonky mirror that had circus-like qualities (don't look in it unless you're incredibly secure with yourself!). But the bathroom was definitely the piece de la resistance, with a stand up shower, toilet (which was in a stall with frosted glass walls and had an odd soundproof quality to it), Molten Brown products, big sink area, and plenty of towels. The bath tub, of course, was the best part of the bathroom. Water streamed down from the ceiling with amazing force (but no splashing), and there wasn't an annoying faucet in the way. Perfectly built for two, we were able to enjoy our strawberries and champagne in utter style, and even my boyfriend - who would never admit to taking a bubble bath - said it was amazing. Having booked the room for the whole weekend, we of course took another bath the next day! Valet, while somewhat expensive, was incredibly convenient, offered in and out priviliges, and the staff was friendly and attentive. We ended up walking to pretty much everything though (even back from the Space Needle), since the location is so great - just a few blocks away from Pike Place, and really close to a number of amazing restaurants (we went to Union Retaurant and Il Bistro, both of which I would really recommend). We took the Monorail to the Space Needle/Experience Music Project, but I wouldn't recommend it unless you've never been on a subway/above ground train before (it cost $2 - or $4 for a roundtrip, which really isn't a deal at all - the system itself is slightly archaic, and the ride was literally 2 minutes long). I don't mean to ramble, but I just wanted to rave about this hotel (it's actually the first time I've felt the urge to write a review)! I've been to Seattle a number of times over the years, but this was hands down the best hotel that I've ever stayed in. I've stayed at a few upscale hotels in various cities around the world, but this one is definitely the perfect one for people who want someplace a little funkier, trendier, and dare I say - high tech!  
<Date>Jul 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>hotahope
<Content>Super, marvelous, spiffing! I'll definitely be back. This is the best hotel I've stayed at in Seattle. We got a really good rate on Expedia. Great rooms, especially if you can get one with a view above the 8th floor. The virtual golf range is excellent fun. Boka, the restaurant is average, nothing to rave about so I'd advise eating elsewhere. The gym is also reasonably well equipped with a few machines, free weights and cardio equipment.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MelSanDiego
<Content>Hotel 1000 Rocks! This was our second stay at Hotel 1000 - and a repeat of an awesome trip last October. We travel quite a bit and love to stay in cool vibe鈥?places. And Hotel 1000 is definitely one of these places!Just a couple of small, minor negatives on this trip. First of all 鈥?when we checked in, we were given a handicapped room with two beds (though had requested a king). And of course this means that there was no awesome tub in the room (one of the main reasons we stay at Hotel 1000). We termed it the expedia room. One of the beds looked like someone had kicked back on it (was even a crumpled brochure on the bed). We called downstairs and let the front desk know that the room just wouldn鈥檛 do - - and though we waited about 20 minutes for someone to come up 鈥?they finally did, and moved us to a much nicer room (though we were charged about $38.00 additional per night on our bill at the end of our stay 鈥?and not notified that there would be additional room charges) But the new room was great 鈥?and have no complaints there at all (was happy to have the tub!!)We did have to wait a very long time to get our car out of valet (close to 45 minutes and finally gave up and grabbed a cab) 鈥?but a lot of patrons at Boka were doing exactly what we were doing 鈥?going to see The Police in concert 鈥?and it jammed up valet. The valet was very apologetic and said our valet fee for the night would be waived. (And it eventually was 鈥?though I had to call the hotel after I left as upon later review noticed the $30.00 charge was indeed put on our end bill).The staff was great 鈥?very friendly and accommodating. The spa is amazing 鈥?you must ask for Laurel for a massage (she is absolutely awesome!) We ate each morning at The Studio 鈥?and it was very good and the staff service was excellent. Boka is a must as it is a delicious restaurant. And when you first come in to check in 鈥?you definitely must have a cup of refreshing iced-mint tea in the lobby!  
<Date>Jun 12, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	3	4	4	4	5	

<Author>sahedges
<Content>Hotel 1000       bathroom. Privacy shade could be lowered on glass wall if you wanted.  
<Date>Jun 10, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	5	4	4	4	5	

<Author>shanrick
<Content>Won't stay here again June 7, 2007If you want to stay in a place with an attitude that say鈥檚.鈥淲e are better than every other Hotel so we don鈥檛 have to care about our customers.鈥?Than you have found the right place, Hotel 1000 in Seattle, are on the high end snobbiness with an attitude to go with it.In April 2007 for our 30th wedding anniversary, my husband booked us at the Hotel 1000. He was intrigued with the room as the bathtub fills from the ceiling. He also booked a room because he wanted me to have a nice bathtub to enjoy for our anniversary. Remember the bathtub was the whole reason he booked with this hotel.We went to dinner, returning to the hotel room around ten that night. I went to fill the bathtub and all we got was cold water. Because it was late, I thought the hotel was out of 鈥淗ot water鈥?so I just decided that I would go to bed and use the bathtub the next morning. Thinking there would be hot water thenThe next morning there still was no hot water for the bathtub and the knob fell off the wall into my husband鈥檚 hands. When this happen I said, to my husband 鈥淲hen you go to get your coffee, well you stop by the front desk and tell them about the water?鈥?Within minutes he left the room to go to the front desk. I stayed behind waiting for him to return and to take a bath. When he returned, I asked, 鈥淎re they sending someone up to fix the tub?鈥?He replied No, the woman at the front desk said I should have called last night?From what he said, the lady at the front desk could have cared less that we had a problem. So when we got home a week later, I wrote a letter to Brian Flaherty Vice President and General Manager to date ( April to June). I have not heard a word from this hotel, not even. I鈥檓 sorry for the inconvenience. Their lack of caring is what upset us. Had they just sent a person to our room to look at the bathtub, I would not be writing this letter. But the attitude was 鈥渨ell we got your money, so what are you going to do鈥?At $300.00 for one night, we will spend our next anniversary somewhere else. I鈥檓 not a complainer but this hotel really upset us only because they did not care about us as customers. There are many more wonderful Hotels in Seattle, I would rather to stay at. This hotel is beautiful and the Valet guys are great, but next time I will stay where the customer is valued.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>HSnell
<Content>Great hotel, one of my favorites! We stayed at Hotel 1000 during our trip to Seattle in May. The hotel is one of the best places we've stayed. Upon our arrival, we were offered an upgraded corner room, with views of Elliot Bay and Mt. Rainer. The upgrade was an additional fee, but much cheaper than listed on their website rates. The room was very roomy, with a king bed, seating area with both a full size sofa and oversized chair. The rooms has a flat screen LCD TV that is mounted and can be moved toward the bed or the seating area. The bed is very comfortable, a must for me. The TV also has artwork (classical or abstract) which is a nice touch. The bathroom was very large with a nice glass enclosed shower, free standing tub and separate water closet. The staff was extremely helpful and provided us with information for our daily activities. The front desk staff sent champagne and strawberries to our room, knowing it was our anniversary. The hotel lounge was nice and the bar/restaurant was quite busy everyday, however we only ordered drinks and did not eat.The fitness room is small, but clean and well equipped. I had a couple services at Spaahh. The spa is small, but modern and the staff was very friendly. My husband enjoyed the virtual golf course located in the hotel. He was able to play the back 9 at Pebble Beach for $30 fee (1 hour).Location was great--only a few blocks from the Market , the Seattle Art Museum, the waterfront and from Pioneer Square. We were able to easily walk to Safeco field (not a short walk, but not too far).  
<Date>Jun 3, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	-1	5	5	5	

<Author>DilbertAndFriends
<Content>Great Hotel This hotel is located centrally between Pioneer Square and Pike Place Market and is in the free ride bus zone of Seattle. I arrived by train and the hotel is a 5 block walk from the train station. As the train arrived early morning I was not sure if they would have any rooms available so early yet the recptionist gave me a room upgrade into waterfront view room.The room is big and everything in is just a cut above other hotels I have stayed in. The main feature for me was the bath which filled from the ceiling.The only other feature of the hotel that I used was the business centre for internet access.The only thing to be aware of is that the the hotel is quite a distance from attractions such as the Space Needle, EMP and Duck Tours. If you want to get to them then you will need to get the free bus to the Westlake Centre and then either pay on another bus or get the monorail.The hotel is in the middle of the free ride bus zone so getting around to most places is easy and free.If you want to get to the waterfront then the easiset way is to go one block down and use the bridge across to the ferry terminal, this is quicker than trying to cross the other streets to the waterfront.  
<Date>May 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>AEC in SF
<Content>My new favorite Seattle hotel       see the water filling from the ceiling?  
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>BonvoyageWestLinn
<Content>Thanksgiving 2006 The Hotel1000 is the newest and most sophisticated hotel that I have visited in Seattle. As you park on 1st Avenue you will be greeted by one of their attentive valets who will assist you with your bags and then park your car. Although you pay a premium to valet park it is well worth it if the weather is rainy and miserable.Our next encounter was with the front desk. I had reserved rooms directly with the hotel. My parents, from the east coast, we travelling with my family. We opted for a deluxe room w/o a view and I reserved a room for them with a view of the city. This was the only time that I encountered a member of their staff behaving rudely. I asked to have our rooms on the same floor and if possible nearby each other. The staff stated that they would try to accomodate us but couldn't guarantee. I later learned that they only had 23 rooms booked as it was Thanksgiving. They were expecting a much larger crowd over the weekend. It was not necessary to be condescending as I was not asking for any type of upgrade, etc.Nevertheless, the rooms were outstanding. The descriptions on the web page as well as other travel sites is exactly true. Contemporary, well lit, comfortable, etc. Molton Brown products in the bathrooms, as well as a unique bathtub. The rooms, however, our small so keep this in mind for the number of people in your party. A few kinks to work out with the tv and phone, but eventually resolved. Look for nice little touches throughout the hotel. Small bags of ice in a hidden storage unit near the elevator. This is a nice clean way to keep ice in your room. Coffee and pastries in the library. The lounge near the front of the hotel. I would certainly recommend this to both the business traveller as well as pleasure trips. Keep in mind, if you need some quiet time, opt for a room near the back of the hotel, away from the street noise.Enjoy!  
<Date>May 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	5	5	

<Author>Lisacpnj
<Content>Wow, talk about a great place to be! What a great hotel. Matt Hagerman does it again with this beautiful hotel and a staff that is truly the creme de la creme. Stayed 6 nights at this gem of a place. So clean, so modern as comfortable as home. The staff is more of a family making this luxurious place feel like home. Great work from the front desk to the doormen to the managers. Could not stand to leave. Amazing views from my parlor suite. Staff caters to any whim you may have. Got us into the best eateries, made our reservations and free appetizers on the Concerige making this the greatest hotel I have ever stayed in. Do not stay anywhere but the Hotel 1000 when in Seattle. Location is great. Can not think of any improvements to make this hotel any greater. Thanks to all at this property!  
<Date>May 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CharmCity1
<Content>Exceptional! My husband and I stayed at Hotel 1000 for our 3 year anniversary and we were both blown away by the exceptional service and beautiful decor. Upon checking in, Katie from the front desk was kind enough to accompany us up to the room and explain the room's amenities (including the awesome tub that fills from the ceiling!) We received a lovely surprise of sparkling wine and strawberries in our corner room, and had a relaxing, quiet stay, even though the hotel is situated on a busy street. We stayed on the 8th floor and did not hear any street noise at all.The room service menu is wonderful, as well as the late night happy hour menu (10PM-midnight) at BOKA, the hotel's restaurant. During happy hour, all small plates are half price, giving us a chance to try a little of everything.The fitness center is more well equipped than most boutique hotels, and features 2 elliptical trainers and 2 treadmills (all with built in TVs), as well as a few weight machines and free weights.What really sets the Hotel 1000 apart from other high-end boutique hotels is the service. Not only are the employees attentive, but rather than being cold and arrogant, everyone there is incredibly friendly and accomodating.I'll definitely be staying at Hotel 1000 again!  
<Date>May 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>chronic_jetlag
<Content>The best hotel in Seattle I was really stunned by the Hotel 1000. I needed to make a fast trip to Seattle to renew my passport, and found this hotel right across the streed from the federal building.If you like an elegant, quiet, nice hotel with outstanding staff, this is the place for you.The lobby is really quite beautiful, with subdued lighting, no musack, quiet elegance, and a staff whose response to every one of my queries was no problem.The room was a knock out with original art and sculpture, large screen plasma tv, outstanding free internet, fand ree long distance calls.The bed was superb, with goose down quilts and wonderful designer lighting. I had a deluxe room on the 10th floor, and the writing desk for work was one of the best I have ever seen in a hotel.The bathroom had top designer fixtures, a nice view over Seattle, and a tub which fills from the ceiling! The only bathroom I have seen that compares in the Okura in Tokyo or perhaps the Amangani,The breakfast buffet is really nice- thick linen table cloths, a small fire in the center of the room surrounded by Japanese river rocks. They served muffins, , proscuttiio, vanilla and banana pancakes with real maple syrup, parfaits with fresh berries, freshly squozen orange juice, hot oatmeal and all of this on a small two meter long table. The breakfast area is quiet with earth muted tones in design. The waiter even let me see the container of 100% maple syrup (I have an allergy to artifical maple flavor) so didn't have to worry..They gave me a free extended checkout, stored my luggage for ne, sent a staff member into the street to flag down a cab to the airport, and did whatever they could to make my visit as pleasant as possible.I log about 150k air miles a year and stay at a lot of hotels around the world, particularly in Asia. Hotel 1000 is one of the nicest I have stayed at any price,. I have stayed at the Seattle Four Seasons and I think Hotel 1000 is nicer. In fact, I want to take my famly back there just to see the quiet elegant design of the Hotel 1000. The staff and the property deserve an A+ for excellence.This will definitely be my headquarters in Seattle from now on.  
<Date>May 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jkmom
<Content>A great night's sleep! My husband and I stayed here for our anniversary and were treated to sparkling wine and strawberries upon check in! The room was outstanding and we loved the tub that filled from the ceiling! Big enough for 2 people. The bed was really comfortable and we had a great night's sleep. We were on a corner (6th floor) and really didn't hear much traffic noise at all. I'd definitely stay here again!  
<Date>May 6, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>WhensTheNextFlight
<Content>Noisy, Noisy, Noisy! This hotel is lovely but it is situated on a street which is the scene of car cruising. I came to Seattle to shop over the weekend and both Friday and Saturday nights I was unable to sleep until after 3:00am. This street is where you go if you want to show off how much bass your car stereo has.If your intention is to stay out and party until the bars close, this is a great place to make camp. If not, stay somewhere else - unless you like bass vibration.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	4	1	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>ArtyRose
<Content>Amazing Customer Service My first stay at the Hotel 1000 was a nightmare. I arrived late at night to a room over 80 degrees. The HVAC system wouldn't budge. It was like sleeping in a sweatbox. Even though management said they would comp the room, my credit card was charged anyway, and the problem was difficult to resolve. After that experience, I swore never to return. However, lured by a great rate and the convenient location, I gave the hotel another try.As soon as the desk clerk heard my name, he said the staff had already adjusted the temperature in my room in anticipation of my arrival. He called a few minutes later to make sure the room was cool enough. I enjoyed the comfy bed, the large freestanding tub (although the controls are out of reach when you're in the tub), and the luxury toiletries. I had drinks and dinner at the hotel restaurant Boka that night and checked out happy the next day. I filled out the detailed online survey positively but honestly and received a personal message from the Boka manager apologizing for the minor shortcomings I reported. And inviting me to join him for dinner.In another email, I elaborated on my gentle criticisms, and received in return an email from the hotel general manager, affirming the dinner invitation. Wow. That level of customer service is totally disarming, and I intend to stay at Hotel 1000 as often as possible. Forget the free dinner -- I just like to know my opinion counts.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	5	4	3	

<Author>travelbunnyhoney
<Content>What a Place! Fabulous!!!!!!!!! The hotel was great - took another reviewer's advice and parked on the street for free (couldn't find a cheaper parking garage than the hotel and that was way expensive). Breakfast buffet in The Studio was incredible. Almost died at the price ($15) but then found out that it was about the same cost as the breakfast buffet at the Courtyard.... The Studio's was classier, more elegant and exotic for roughly the same amount of money. The room was heavenly. Staff were great. Enjoyed the spa. Couldn't figure out how to make the Starbucks coffee in some funky pot - did it all wrong andthen realized there were written instructions right next to the pot. Location a little strange (downtown financial district next to an erotica shop) but within walking distance to the lively Pike Place Market. Would definitely return.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>rainbow_jenny
<Content>Outstanding service, fabulous restaurant and golf! Although I have not stayed at Hotel 1000, I feel compel to share my experience as a local Seattleite on its restaurant Boka, the Golf Club, and the amazing service from the staff.I planned a surprise evening for my husband on our wedding anniversary, beginning with a 9 hole round of virtual golf,, then dinner at Boka in Hotel 1000. The Golf Club downstairs offers some 50 courses around the world on high tech screen, with both men and women golf clubs available for use. We arrived 20 minutes late for our tee time and had to wait another 20 minutes before the pro arrived. However, the staff members were very courteous and apologetic. We were given complimentary drinks while waiting . We thoroughly enjoyed playing the front 9 hole of Mauna Kea while the staff checked in on us regularly to see how we were doing. They even coordinated with Boka Restaurant to hold our reservation since we were running behind schedule. Boka is one of THE best restaurant in Seattle with FABULOUS food, served in very modern decor and chic ambiance . Every staff member along the way congratulated us on our anniversary and made the evening so incredibly memorable. The staff members at Hotel 1000 have converted us into loyal fans, and we look forward to many more dining/golfing trips and stays there.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2007
<Rating>5	4	-1	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>JMillarLosAngeles
<Content>I'm not a fan To paraphrase another hotel's marketing motto I'm not a fan.The stay started out wrong with a cold and unpleasant reception. When I gently pointed out that my reservation was for a king and not two queens, reception said I'll see what I can do, but it will cost you $50 more. How gracious. Miss Congeniality went on to warn me that, because of the hotel's sophisticated technology, if I didn't return my room key I'd be charged $20.Room and hotel was comfortable; no question. Pleasing earth tones in hallways and rooms, and plenty of ambient light from all the gizmos blinking in the rooms. Sophisticated did not translate into operative as I found out when I tried to turn on the television. Great picture; no sound. A call downstairs was unhelpful..Just turn it on and off a couple times. I did. Silence. I gave up. On check out (gave the key back), I mentioned the TV issue and was told Oh, yeah, that's been happening a lot. Work out the kinks, remind personnel it's all about the guests and I'll think about giving it another try.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	3	4	1	2	-1	

<Author>liketospend
<Content>Outstanding I booked a suite and adjoining room for a two night stay from my wife and I and our todler. Everything about this hotel exceeded expectation. The rooms were fantastic - the bathrooms have to be seen to be believed - the service was organised and helpful - the concierge made our dinner reservations and booked a baby sitter, the check in clerk took us to our suite made sure we were comfortable and even brought us a microwave for my son's meals. This is WAY more than a 4 star hotel. 6+ in my books!  
<Date>Feb 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	5	5	5	

<Author>Kimmmie
<Content>Absolutely Wonderful! This hotel is truly wonderful--from the service to the rooms, our stay was simply exquisite. However, if you are looking for a traditional hotel room, this may not be the place for you. Hotel1000 is truly modern--and of course, our favorite thing being the bathroom that is separated by a huge glass wall. The option of an automatic screen sliding down for privacy if sharing with a friend. My boyfriend absolutely loved the water that filled the tub from the ceiling! The rooms are smaller than a lot of hotel rooms we've stayed at, but was worth every penny. Every amenity was met, from the plasma, internet service, robes, linens as well as the cute bar downstairs--it made our stay in Seattle a wonderful one! I will definitely be back!  
<Date>Jan 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>AllisonWonderland
<Content>Top Class Hotel   showReview(6333274, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>dbult
<Content>Excellent Hotel   showReview(6310213, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Triptek
<Content>Great Hotel in Seattle-Wish The weather was as nice   showReview(6085657, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>restats
<Content>Seattle's Best   showReview(6033529, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 31, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>thesecret_squirrel
<Content>Nearly perfect - nearly   showReview(6002509, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>alyson003
<Content>Fabulous       The line coming from the ceiling is actually water falling into tub.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>travelerinseattle
<Content>This place has some work to do!   showReview(5726191, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 30, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>christy2064
<Content>great hotel/staff       lobby area  
<Date>Aug 29, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jpdilly
<Content>WOW!   showReview(5663747, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 21, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jy1018
<Content>Best in Seattle? Not Really.   showReview(5597658, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 10, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>Nacho2811
<Content>De lo mejor en lo que he estado   showReview(23086287, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr beeindruckend   showReview(16604980, 'full');   
<Date>May 30, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

