<Author>Tarian1
<Content>They do not keep their word I knew my husband would be in this area and called in advance to book his room. I read all the reviews and felt this was a pretty good hotel and they told me no problem setting him up in a smoking room. Ok..I know many people do not like smoking...but.. a lot of us still do and if we pay for the right to do so...at the last minute as you are standing there they say ...no smoking...that is wrong. I even called this morning and spoke to them to make sure he would have NO problems checking in. He had problems and they I believe felt he was struck there...within minutes I switched him to a better property and they couldn't have been nicer. This new property even had a pool and were in a much better location than the Hyatt Place it is rather out of the way...and seemed much older. They have some really great resorts in Phoenix and even some that really cater to families...take your time and look around. I must say...Gold Rush Transportation is amazing they picked him up in a Lincoln Towne car within 5 minutes and whisk him to a better location. I believe you must be what you represent and your word of honor must count for something. This was not the case here and I hope you look else where. No airport transportation either...you are on your own to hire that as well. Sorry..I wasted so much time and effort here.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2008
<Rating>2	1	-1	2	-1	1	1	1	

<Author>somobr
<Content>Superb, Fantastic, Wonderful - A Must What a find... This hotel is a diamond at an unbelievably cheap cheap cheap price.. We paid $79 p/n and they should have charged us more like $179 p/n. Great facilities - beautiful, spacious rooms with lovely bathroom and accessories. Our King Size room had a plasma, lounge area, robes - you really couldn't ask for more... In addition this particular hotel provides 2nd to none service - this is our story. We were driving from San Diego to Phoenix before we headed off to the Grand Canyon, It was 114degrees, when our car breaks down in the middle of the dessert. We manage to fix it, however an hour out from the hotel we get a text message to say my partners father had passed away in Cleveland Ohio. As you can imagine we were shattered and when we got to the hotel needed help. Chris the Assistant General Manager in particular was incredible and got his team to rally round. They looked after us, helped me get our car exchanged (only took 9 phone calls), let us use the internet all night till we booked our flights and accommodation to Ohio so we could make the funeral, let us use the phone at Front Desk so we incurred no fees. We also had to cancel the next 3 nights accommodation etc etc. They were so supportive and helpful, organised taxis, made sure we ate and in all honesty although the 2 previous hotels we'd stayed at in San Diego and LA were great, I don't believe for a minute they were 1 inch as helpful as these guys. Not only, this, they let us leave our car in their car park, stored all our luggage and had a room ready for us should we wish to stay another night when we returned. Without these guys the whole nightmare of finding out about my father in law, a broken down car, would have been 10 x worse. What fantastic service - you can't even dream that a team would be so helpful.. . The hotel rooms were great, the food great, the helpfulness of staff great.... The pool was ok but to be honest too hot for us to sit out there for too long so we went shopping instead the day we got back to Phoenix.... ... If you need a place to stay in Phoenix and this is the location you are looking for - do no pass up this hotel you will not be disappointed... Thank you to Chris and his Team !!  
<Date>Sep 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Zaphod
<Content>Nice, but needs work I stayed here for three nights on business. The rooms are great, with a comfortable bed and plenty of room to spread out. The kitchen consists of a sink, a mini refrigerator, and a coffeemaker. There is no microwave. If you are looking for a real kitchen, head for the nearby Candlewood Suites or possibly the Homewood Suites. The hotel staff was great, providing friendly and prompt service. The housekeeping was fine, although they didn't always leave the full complement of drinking glasses, no biggie. The continental breakfast was satisfactory, with an array of fresh fruit, breads and bagels, and cereals. Cooked items cost extra. There is wireless in the room, but if you don't have a wireless card (as a Federal employee, I can't use one), there doesn't appear to be a port in the room. There are two computers with internet access in the business center.A few problems kept me from giving this hotel a higher rating. Foremost, the shower was unsatisfactory. The pressure was low and the temperature was only lukewarm the first morning. I complained to the front desk, who noted it on their maintenance sheet. The next day, the pressure was a bit better, but the temperature was still lacking. After speaking with some of my fellow lodgers, I found that there were all sorts of problems. In addition to those similar to mine, others complained that the water was too hot. One mentioned that he turned on the shower about ten minutes before he got in, so I tried this on my last day. It worked, but what a waste of water! Another issue was that the switches on the lights near the bed did not work very well. One was so stiff that I was afraid that it might short out, so I unplugged it. Finally, I think this hotel has very few outgoing phone lines. I needed to call my airline, and over the course of a half hour, I kept getting a busy signal. I dialed using my cell phone and got through immediately. It may have been a coincidence, but I'm suspicious. In summary, it was an okay experience, but there are probably better options in the vicinity.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	3	4	4	4	2	

<Author>Kayte4321
<Content>Ok hotel, lacking service I was slightly skeptical about staying here after reviews I had read. They were right. The room itself was as the website said, and nice except that there was a strong scent of mildew when you walked in. Fortunately or not, we got used to it after a few minutes. The air conditioner was also quite loud, loud enough to wake me up sometimes when it kicked back on in the night, and I'm a fairly heavy sleeper. The shower floor was also not particularly clean. The room itself seemed ok though. The tv was nice, the bed was nice and the room was big. The bathroom sink was modern and lacking water pressure. The breakfast was a fairly light continental breakfast, but it was ok. Cereal, fruit, bead and oatmeal, but when we got down, there wasn't much left, had to ask the desk for hot water and something other than bagels. Hot items could be purchased for around $3. The staff wasn't particularly attentive but cleared everything out right at 10, when the hours stopped, including the coffee. The service at the hotel was lacking in general, check-in felt more like a motel 6 than a Hyatt. They had the option for conputerized check-in at a kiosk, and with the attention paid by staff, it might as well have been a computer. They took our credit card, handed us room keys and didn't say an extra word. It was the same with check out. It took work to get any info out of them at all. All in all, we got this for $98 when most of the hotels at about the same level were about $150 so it was an ok experience but we found that the usual charge was about $160 so would have been quite unhappy if we had paid their rack rate.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	2	2	1	3	

<Author>jxz
<Content>Great staff, very nice rooms We stayed at the Hyatt Place for a wedding in February. We were impressed right away with the lobby and the rooms -- the flat-screen TVs are great, and the separate sitting area is wonderful. We had a king room, but someone could very easily sleep on the sectional couch, too. The refrigerator and small kitchen area was helpful, too.The staff was nothing but helpful when we needed to borrow things to get ready (i.e. scissors. Silverware and plates to eat lunch in the rooms, etc.) They were very, very friendly and didn't seem fazed by the gaggle of girls getting ready for a wedding.The breakfast was impressive too, for free hotel breakfasts. There was Starbucks coffee, hot tea, toast, pastries, bagels, fruits, cereal, etc. That coffee definitely made it worth to make a trip downstairs.The only downfall with the hotel is the location. It's right off the interstate and has nothing nearby in walking distance. There's a TGI Friday around the corner, but it definitely has the vibe of a corporate park, rather than a cute neighborhood.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	2	4	5	5	4	

<Author>jeffirv70
<Content>Very nice rooms Big rooms. Almost the size of a suite. Had everything we needed. Fridge broke and a new one was brought up within 10 minutes. Flat screen TV is awesome and the hotel cable programing was some of the best I've ever had. Beds were comfy. Continental breakfast was pretty lame. Showers were hot. Great central location. Hotel staff was very friendly. Cafe/lobby food and drink was expensive. Pool was small. Overall very nice experience though. Will stay again.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	4	3	

<Author>saxorob
<Content>GREAT rooms, poor service Beautiful, large, pseudo-suite rooms. If you're into nice tvs, you'll love the ones in the rooms here. Beds are fantastic, with a huge sofa sectional on the other side of the room. The tv is well-placed in the room to be seen whether lying in the bed or sitting on the sofa. We also agree with recent posts about dim lighting in the bathroom.The biggest problem here though is with the front desk staff, as most all of them need more training. Both times I called down to ask to be connected to a friend's room, Keisha put me on hold three times, each time coming back to re-ask for the spelling of the name Weiss. When we stopped by to ask for directions for the nearest fitness center, she set us out on foot in the opposite direction. We are staying as part of a large group, and when we went downstairs to pay the bill to check out, another clerk said she didn't know how to do the check-out for a group - that person would not be in until the next day. And yesterday we came back in from being out all day and our room had not been made up. A manager came up with replacement towels, asked if we could make the beds up ourselves, and offered us free breakfast in the morning. Sure enough the next morning, getting the desk staff to understand that our breakfast to be covered took 15 minutes and another visit from a different manager. Then there was confusion because the hot breakfast items are billed from the kitchen window in the breakfast room, but the cinnamon rolls are billed from the counter in the lobby. It created two different bills, which confused the girl at the desk even more.This is a beautiful hotel, and very comfortable. I would think that with a couple of weeks of stand-down training for each employee, they would have a great product to sell here.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2008
<Rating>3	4	5	4	5	1	2	5	

<Author>LocationIntelligent
<Content>Liked the Kiosk check-in and plasma TV! This is evidently a renovated AmeriSuites. They did an excellent job. The decor was great. Huge plasma TV, wireless internet worked well with VPN, in-room fridge.They have check-in Kiosks which are great! It works just like checking-in for a flight at an airport Kiosk. We arrived at 11pm after a long flight and it was nice to just swipe my card, enter a Frequent Flyer Number and be assigned a room. No waiting in line for the Host. Spits the key out and a receipt with your room number. You can still check in/out the old fashioned way as well.The Host at night serves as check-in, bartender and rings you up for previously prepared food. I had a Muffin and sandwich which were pretty good, but not made fresh. It really is setup as a one stop shop for business traveler, loved the lobby area.The shower was poorly lit. It has a hand held shower head. I prefer a traditional one, this was pressing a bit to be trendy and modern. The was not enough pressure to use it while hanging on the wall without bumping into the mounting hardware.There is a lot of ROAD NOISE. The highway is right outside certain rooms and you will need to turn on the noisy fan unit to drown it out.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	4	5	

<Author>manitoba64
<Content>Great place to stay Stayed here December 20-29/07. It's in a huge business park along with a few other hotel chains. Nice decor, good sized suites and great beds. Great continental breakfast. You can also pay for some breakfast items (I didn't) but I heard others say they were very good. They have a friendly staff and you can't beat the big screen TV in the room that can swivel to wherever you're sitting. I do wish, however, that they got a few more channels. I booked through Expedia and it cost me only $65/night. The fitness center was fine although I would have liked to have some weights in there. Turn left out of the hotel and within a five minute walk is a TGI Friday's and a great seafood restaurant. Once you go past that it is nothing but residential. Turn right and keep walking until you hit West Peoria Ave., turn right again and keep walking for about ten more minutes (about 15 in total from the hotel) and you have a ton of restaurants on West Peoria and the side streets to your left. Turn left on West Peoria from the hotel and there isn't anything but more business park and eventually a non-descript neighborhood. One caveat: I was told by Hyatt head office there is a free airport shuttle. There isn't. The hotel has one that goes anywhere within 5 miles of the property. It is a $40 cab ride to/from the airport which is something I didn't expect. Would I stay here again and recommend it? The cab expense was disappointing but otherwise, I would definitely stay here again and recommend it.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>tiedyejax
<Content>Mostly good, a little bad This hotel has it's good and it's bad points: on the good side, every room has 46 inch flat screens in them, and the decor is outstanding, very different from any other hotel I've ever seen. The website kind of over-exaggerates a little on the technological advances they're claiming, there is no gallery kiosk you can order food from 24-7, you CAN get food at any hour, but it isn't freshly prepared as they claim, it's pre-portioned and cooked ALMOST fully, then heated the rest of the way when you want it, by the gallery host i.e the chick at the front desk. The waffles in the morning are to die for, however, really honestly, they're the best I've ever had. There's no hot tub, kind of bummer, cause the pool area is very nice. And if you're a smoker, don't EVEN think about staying here, there's only one smoking room in the whole place, I think. I called before I made my reservation to verify that there would be one available during my stay, was told there would be, I made the reservation, and when I arrived, I was put in a non smoking room. I left three days early because of it, and I won't ever stay there again because of the way the front desk girl was about me leaving early, very snooty and holier than thou. But it is a beautiful property, I will give it that.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2007
<Rating>2	2	5	3	5	2	2	5	

<Author>ghostmoves
<Content>Lipstick on the pig Strange mix of high-end and cheesy. First the good: nice beds, good room redesign and technology in rooms with refrigerator, free wifi and nice TV. Now the bad: cold shower BOTH times in my 2 stays there, website promised 24/7 food (as of Oct. and its Nov. now) and fitness center with weights ... both were missing. Clueless front desk staff like the worst Motel 6, could not answer simple questions or get my loyalty number into the system. No blue Equal packs for coffee, just pink as in low-end places. Beware, the property fronts on a freeway so your room may be noisy. If other Hyatt Place properties are like this one, the brand will flop.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2007
<Rating>2	1	1	3	4	3	2	3	

<Author>NYCroadtrip
<Content>Not a good choice No hot water! No 24-hr dining center (as promised). Bathroom was not clean, toilet seat broken; garbage left in room. Cigarette odors. Flat screen TV has very few channels. No microwaves in rooms. Nasty breakfast. And, you sleep right next to a very noisy freeway. We also found the front desk unhelpful in resolving these issues. At $159/night, what a gip!  
<Date>Oct 27, 2007
<Rating>2	1	1	1	1	1	1	2	

<Author>Attitoodie
<Content>great hotel!!!       The TV.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

