<Author>PAUL250268
<Content>Very, very good My title says it all. We stayed in room 401 which has a sitting area and small terrace. All of the staff were super friendly and nother was ever too much trouble. Breakfast was delicious.If you are going to Venice this is the place to stay.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>travelling_man_11
<Content>A Gem in Venice My wife and I stayed here at the end of Nov and beginning of Dec 2008 for 2 nights. This was one of the cleanest hotels we have stayed in. The owner Stefano is so kind and his entire staff are extremely customer oriented and hospitable. We stayed in the apartment across the street on the (7th floor) in Italy they call it the 6th as the first floor is called (zero floor). Anyhow, the apartment was georgeous and super clean. This aparment was fully furnished with an entire kitchen including stove and oven. There was a futon in the kitchen and family room area with flat screen tv and interation sattelite tv. There was also a very good sized terrace with a great view of Venice. The bedroom is a very good size with also another flat screen tv. The place has wooden floors and super modern design. Be advised that most of the other rooms tend to be smaller but for a family of 4 this would be terrific to stay in. It was a very large size even for American standards. Also, breakfast is included and they even give you a delicious omelette, coffee, fruit, cookies, and croissants. It was one of the better breakfast included hotels we stayed at during Italy. It also conveniently located to the San Zaccharia boatstop and a block from San Marcos and the Doges Palace. You would be a fool not to stay here!!!  
<Date>Dec 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>GabeGal
<Content>Location excellent; rooms very small. Firstly, this hotel definitely is in a fantastic location, even though approaching it via two very tiny and ancient alleyways is a little offputting initially! The staff were friendly and there was a computer for the free use of guests which was helpful. Unfortunately, the restaurant was closed (end of season as this was mid-November). The one ground floor room (101) is a twin bedded room, frequently referred to in other reviews. It is indeed very small and only has windows at a high level so you cannot see outside. Any more than one suitcase would be very difficult to deal with. Our other room rented was on the 3rd floor, up a very narrow stone staircase. It was 301, the single. Again, the room was very small indeed but did have a window onto the alleyway entrance. The bathroom was pretty new but small and anyone tall sitting on the toilet would have to sit sideways! I cannot recommend the hotel for people with disabilities or, at least for the two rooms seen, for families with children. It is a great place for its location but don't expect North American spaces!  
<Date>Nov 27, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>meliss618
<Content>Perfect Location in Venice! Ca' dei Dogi is in a perfect location--steps away from St. Mark's Square, but nestled off a quiet side street. My husband, mother-in-law and I recently stayed there for two nights. The only problem was that our rooms were quite small, even by European standards--we had the Batik Double and the single room. That said, we could not have asked for a better location or value. The staff were all so helpful, and it was so nice to be able to return to the hotel mid-day to drop of packages, rest, etc. I would recommend the hotel to travelers who are wanting a good price in a central location.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>PeteandSiobhan
<Content>Outstanding hotel in a beautiful Venice       Ca Dei Dogi Jacuzzi Room  
<Date>Nov 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>MacMil
<Content>Small but Perfectly Formed Hotel! My mum and I stayed here at the beginning of October for 4 nights and had a lovely time. The saying goes that location is everything and you can certainly say this is true of Ca' dei Dogi. The hotel is just 2 minutes walk from San Marco which couldn't be better. Nearby is a waterbus stop from which you can hop on and explore Venice and other islands such as Murano. It is also very convenient if you arrive at Marc O'Polo airport as the waterbus service from the airport drops you just a few minutes walk from the hotel.We stayed in rooms 202 and 302, a single and a double and paid 100Euros and 160Euros respectively. Which I think for mid-season and location is a good price. The rooms are on the small side but beautifully furnished and very clean. The bathrooms especially are lovely. There is a small roof terrace available for all the guests too. Breakfast was fine with pastries, orange juice, omelete, yoghurt, coffee etc.A couple of tips; get up early before breakfast and go to San Marco before the crowds appear - it is magical. And if you have time go to Murano island which has dozens of shops selling some of the best Murano glass you will find.Overall a very enjoyable holiday in Venice in no small part due to staying in this excellent hotel!  
<Date>Nov 14, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>guruyowie
<Content>Beautiful Botique Hotel in the heart of Venice       view of room  
<Date>Nov 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>renboarkansas
<Content>Great experience at the Ca' dei Dogi in Venice We just returned from our trip to Italy where we stayed at the Ca' dei Dogi in Venice for two nights. It was a great location, close to the Piazza San Marco, very clean, and the staff was extremely helpful. We stayed in the economy room which was very small, designed a bit like a room in a cruise ship, yet comfortable, and again and most importantly, clean. Venice was fairly crowded so it was really nice to have the use of the roof-top patio where we had wine and cheese in the evening and could just relax and enjoy the quiet. The continental breakfast (including omelets) was very good. We would definitely return!  
<Date>Oct 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>angiro
<Content>Outstanding service, great place to stay Having read rave reviews on Trip Advisor we though disappointment was inevitable, but fortunately we were wrong. A couple of minutes walk from the San Zaccaria waterbus stop on the busy Riva Schiavoni and just round the corner from San Marco, but very quiet (except for the occasional song from a gondolier entertaining his passengers, there's a canal nearby). We arrived early expecting to ditch our bags in the lobby and go out, but we were welcomed with a glass of Prosecco and shown to our rooms soon after. The level of service is exceptional; nothing was too much trouble. Stefano and Susanna recommended restaurants, reserved tables and made a concert booking for us; in the breakfast room we were given helpings of a delicious chocolatey tiramisu as an unasked for bonus! We stayed in Room 101, which a recent occupant was not very happy with. It is small, but with a high ceiling. We thought the hotel had made a good use of the available space by putting the twin beds up on a higher level (just a few steps) and creating storage space underneath, which was quite adequate for our bags, plus a wardrobe. The bathroom was no smaller than many we have had, and there was a rail on the wall to which the shower head could be attached, so a 'stand up' shower was possible. Our only criticism would be that the windows are small and too high up on the wall to look out, although this isn't a huge problem when you aren't spending much time in there. From this point of view we felt our friends in the first floor double economy room (201?) were better off. However, we were invited to use the roof terrace, which was super. Overall we loved it, have already recommended it to friends and would not hesitate to stay there again.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>swyzzel
<Content>Fabulous Stay in Venice       Queen Jacquzi  
<Date>Oct 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Chablis28
<Content>Great Hotel / Very Small Double Room We loved this hotel for the staff's warm attitude and enthusiam. They couldn't have tried harder to please us and be of service. We also found the room to be nicely appointed and immaculate. That said, our first floor economy double(Room 101) just off the reception desk was much smaller still than I expected and frankly an uncomfortable fit for two people in my opinion. The hotel offered several times, to upgrade us the last night of our 3 night stay at the same price as a superior room but we just didn't feel like repacking for one night. It should be noted that my wife and I only had 2 small Rick Steves style backpacks(one for each of us), so I don't know what most people schlepping everything but the kitchen sink do when they get this room??? This room comes with a tiny and I mean tiny bathroom. The shower head is on a cable like most Euro hotels but is attached to the tub so you have to hand hold it the whole time if you choose to stand up rather than take a bath. We never take baths in hotels so this was a real inconvenience for my wife and I. This room was barely bigger than our adult son's single room 302 which we were envious of. His single room felt a lot more spacious than our economy double and was cheaper than our room. His single also had a stand up shower stall. My wife joked about going up to use Joe's shower everyday.All of that said, this hotel was terriffic on many other levels like service, attitude, cleanliness and location. Our room even though on the first floor was extremely quiet and came with a double door to insure quietness. I would strongly recommend that you not book here if this room is your option unless you don't mind a very tight space. I told the hotel that in my opinion this should be the cheapest room in the hotel and sell for the same price as a single due to its small size and the lack of a stand up shower. That said, we would love to come back here and stay in one of their larger rooms on a higher floor. Stefon and Sussan are great hosts and we would stay there again, just not room 101.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MinnesotaBlues
<Content>What a treasure! What a treasure! Splendid rooms - small, tastefully appointed - quintessentially Venice. Easy and direct access to the Grande Canal (water transports) and St. Marks' Square. etc. Courteous staff, welcoming and generous with suggestions and recommendations (esp. Trattoria Alla Madonna - restaurant). We WILL BE BACK! Brad and Julie Blue  
<Date>Sep 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MontyGr
<Content>Fabulous hotel We stayed for three nights in the Ca' dei dogi in September 2008 and only wish we could have stayed for longer. The hotel is situated behind St Marks Square - so close that we could see the back of the Ducale Palace from our room - but as previous reviewers have said, its incredibly peaceful and quiet. We stayed in the jacuzzi room. Although not huge, the room was a good size. The jacuzzi was a great touch, the only downside being that the shower was handheld and not very practical. We also had a lovely little terrace overlooking a garden, which we would have used more if it hadn't been for the rain. The rooms are very tastefully decorated.The easiest way to get to the hotel is to take a waterbus to the San Zaccheria stop. From there the hotel is approximately a 5 minute walk (if that). The owners and all of the staff are very friendly and helpful, offering advice and information. Breakfast is continental style and the choice is somewhat limited, but still very nice. Overall the Ca' dei dogi is friendly, charming, well-located hotel and we will definitely stay there the next time that we visit this amazing city.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ChicagoLouise
<Content>Great location, great service--but small rooms Stayed for two nights in mid-September. Followed the directions off the hotel's website and had no trouble finding this charming little inn, just steps from the vaporetto stop. For being as close as it is to St. Mark's, the room was quiet as could be! Service was lovely, free internet, breakfast was great--they even opened early so we could eat before heading to the airport for an early flight! Beware, however, that the room is very small...luckily we travel light, as I'm not sure there would have been room for two medium size suitcases! If you're at all uncomfortable in small spaces, perhaps this is not the best place for you to stay.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Claire_murray
<Content>Unbeatable Location This hotel is in the perfect location to explore Venice. Whilst its so close you're practically in St Marks square, its also so quiet you'd believe you were miles away.The hotel is hidden behind the Doge's palace in a small alley. Its close to the waterbus stops and due to this enables you to travel throughout Venice without any problems.The rooms are clean and modern. We stayed in the economy twin room which I wouldn't recommend as its small and quite dark. However I haven't let that influence this review other than the recommend that you take a different room.The staff were friendly and helpful. THey were prepared to give advice and went out of their way to assist us.Breakfast was lovely. I would stay here again without any reservations in doing so.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>kate0680
<Content>Lovely stay at Ca' dei Dogi       Rooftop Terrace  
<Date>Sep 10, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Diamondlover
<Content>What A Gem!! I am just back from an unbelievably fantastic 50th Birthday European Adventure (if you have to turn 50, turn 50 in style). This little gem of a hotel was our first stop on a 16 night whirlwind tour of Venice, Rome, Positano, Bellagio, Innsbruck, Kitzbuhel, Salzburg and Vienna.What a fabulous location, steps from the vaporetto and St. Marks, there were 6 of us on this leg of the trip, and we all fell in love with Ca' Dei Dogi AND the lovely Susanna (and Stefano and everyone else associated). Just as with a previous reviewer, Susanna had to come to our rescue when we had the wrong train station for the day of our departure (beware....Venezia Maestre is NOT the train station in the heart of the town...). Susanna also steered us toward excellent restaurants, we were not let down. If you are reading this review, Susanna, thank you from Charlene  gang...we appreciate everything you did.Our rooms were comfortable, attractive and spotless. Our (adult) son and daughter had the main floor twin bed room - it was outfitted similar to a cabin on a sailboat, and was very cozy and interestingly laid out, they loved it. My husband and I had the Jacuzzi suite with a small balcony on the 3rd floor - perfect. My best friend and her daughter occupied a superior suite on the top floor, which had a separate twin bed..again, perfect for our needs. There's also a terrace where everyone could gather for a drink.The breakfast served was so lovely, jam filled fresh, warm croissants (never had any as good again the rest of the trip), rolls, fruit, yogurt, juices..and they'll make an omelette for you as well. It was perfect.I couldn't recommend this charming hotel enough...the price is fantastic for Venezia, the location can't be beat, the staff are wonderful. You can keep your large 5 star hotels, give me the personal attention, warmth and charm of a small hotel like this any day. If I'm ever back in Venezia, I won't stay anywhere else.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>world1976
<Content>Cozy and Personal This is a gem in Venice! Fantastic location, just off from St. Mark's Square, and steps from the Grand Canal. Makes for easy walking from the vaporetto to the hotel. Get off at the second St. Mark's water taxi stop. They have made great use of the small spaces. Everything is efficient and well planned out. Our college age girls liked that they could check email in the lobby for free.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>slot14
<Content>Great hotel We really enjoyed our stay at Ca dei Dogi. One aspect that cannot be underestimated is its location right by San Marco Square and also just steps from the Vaporetto stop. This made coming and going extremely easy.Our hosts greeted us personally and it is obvious that they care about their customers.The room was modern and very clean. We also enjoyed the breakfast in a nice dining room and again personal service.Venice can be just swamped with tourists and we only had to go a few steps to escape the madness.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>manase
<Content>Fabulous hotel       Our bathroom  
<Date>Aug 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>HeyTigerlily
<Content>Wonderful Memories of Venice       Outside Ca Dei Dogi  
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Cheekypups
<Content>Ca' dei Dogi has the wow factor. My fiancee and I were winding up a three week holiday in Europe. The first couple of weeks were a hectic family reunion and the Ca' Dei Dogi provided the perfect unwind before returning home to Australia. Stefano and Suzanna were the perfect hosts and made us feel like we had arrived home as we stepped through the door. This hotel had the wow factor at every turn, from the spotless rooms to the modern bathrooms and located a stones throw from San Marco Square. We could nor fault it. The adjoining Taverna's seafood was magnificent and the staff very were friendly and welcoming. The mornings started with an inclusive breakfast of fresh fruit, croissants, toast, omelettes, juice and tea or coffee. Early afternoons were spent relaxing on the roof top terrace with nibbles and a glass or two of lambrusco followed by riposo (Italian siesta) in our air conditioned room. Ca' Dei Dogi is ideally located close to all the main attractions and so only a short stroll home each evening. The rates are very competitive for Venice and so did not break the budget. We cant wait to visit again... maybe on our honeymoon.David and Nichole, Canberra, Australia.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ctgal2008
<Content>A Real Find! My husband and I stayed here 2 nights. After a car ride from Bellagio, a train ride from Milan, and a very crowded vapporetto ride, Stephano's warm and welcoming smile melted away any weary traveler feelings we may have had. Susanna was just as lovely. The location is perfect...about a block from Piazza San Marco but somehow quiet and private. Very moderately priced. It's also by the Castello region of Venice, which is a little less crowded and worth a stroll if you'd like to step off the beaten path. Another plus, Ca' dei Doge is a very short walk to a vapporetto stop. My husband and I stayed in their apt across the street, on the 6th floor, but they carry your luggage up and down for you since there are no elevators. Modern and clean decor. Very roomy for 2. We enjoyed our roof top balcony which had a view of the rear of the Doges Palace and the surrounding roofs. Breakfast was very satisfying. All and all we'd return to Ca' dei Doge in a second!  
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>turnersc
<Content>Perfect location, beautiful hotel, superb service! This hotel was amazing! My husband and I stayed here on our honeymoon. The young man at the front desk, Rizza (?), was so helpful and brought us Spumante on check in becuase it was our honeymoon. Breakfast was pretty standard. The attached restaurant was very nice. We ate there and the seafood dishes are highly recommended.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Chirgs
<Content>A REAL hidden Gem! If you are planning to stay in Venice, THIS is the place to stay! I must admit I have mixed feelings about writing a review as I would like to keep this hotel a 'hidden secret', but feel obliged to other travellers to reveal this hidden gem, as it was through the TripAdvisor reviews that I booked this hotel in the first place! Travelling with an 18 month old we booked the 'Sole' Apartment, across the laneway from the hotel. Located on the 6th floor (no lift) it is a beautiful, light filled 1 bedroom apartment with all amentities and a lovely terrace. The location of the hotel is fantastic, around the corner from St Mark's and walking distance to all the sites. The staff were always smiling and helpful. A very big thank you to Susanna who was fantastic with our 18 month old and could not do enough to help us during our stay. We loved the Hotel and will definately be back!!  
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lulu33oh
<Content>Incredible! This was our first time in Venice, and we could not have been more surprised by the beauty, cleanliness of the city (and hotel) and friendliness of the people. Starting the minute we got to our tucked away gem of a hotel! We walked in and everyone was smiling and so personal. Bending over backwards to make us happy. Our room was 401. We were the only ones on that floor and we had a wonderful yet small balcony. We overlooked the Doges Palace and the prison. The room itself was very modern and very clean! In particular the bathrooms were new and clean. All marble and a glass shower. We had a lovely sitting area that had window shades which lifted at a push of a button revealing the most beautiful blue stained glass windows. The complimentary breakfast was by far the best on our trip. They were more then happy to make us omelettes to order. I could not recommend this hotel highly enough. Go go go to the Ca' dei Dogi, and have a wonderful time.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>csuosu
<Content>Outstanding hotel We stayed at this hotel for 2 nights in June, 2008. They have a few rooms in the main hotel and a few in the building across the alley. We stayed in the suite on the top floor of the building across the alley. The room was fabulous. It was extremely clean and quite large. The bathroom was spotless. The suite had a separate kitchen area that was very large. The only downside was that the room was on the sixth floor and there is no elevator. However, the staff of the hotel took care of all of our luggage, so the stairs were never a problem. In addition to the room being so great, the hotel is right behind the Doge's Palace and about 100 yards from the boat docks at St. Mark's Square. I can't imagine a better hotel in Venice.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TRAVEL4EDUCATION
<Content>New Favorite Upon our return, we have told all of our friends about this hidden gem. It is a great value in an expensive city and is in a fantastic location - on the opposite side of the Bridge of Sighs from the Doge's Palace, convenient to the water taxis. The interior design of the rooms were elegant with all modern conveniences, and the rooftop patio was a wonderful respite from the crowds. The front desk staff was amazingly helpful even finding my husband a place to watch the Formula One Grand Prix. The breakfast was substantial, and everyone in the hotel appeared to be enjoying themselves. We will definitely return.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Aussieescape
<Content>Fantastic appartment This boutique hotel is in a great location just around the corner from St,Marco Square. It allows you easy walking distance to all the sights / shops and is located in a quite side street to escape the crowds. We booked the appartment Sole and was not disappointed with it, very moden, clean with picturesque veiws from it,s terrace. The best accommodation on our trip.Owners and staff very friendly and helpful.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Sheba_8
<Content>A jewel close to San Marco We had the pleasure of staying at the Hotel Ca鈥?dei Dogi in Venice during our May 2008 visit to Italy. It is a sophisticated, clean, well-maintained hotel conveniently located within easy walking distance to the Piazza San Marco. We stayed in the top floor double room that was peaceful and quiet. Our room was bright, airy, and tastefully decorated with an elegant, well appointed bathroom. The room has its own separate sitting area and a small private deck. Every aspect was top quality. The staff provided warm, friendly, and helpful hospitality, speaking fluent English.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>JerseyShoreWalt
<Content>Excellent No Complaints We booked the apartment several months before arrival and we were glad we did. It is beautiful and very spacious. It's on the 6th floor but once you climb the stairs it is well worth it. Don't worry about your baggage going up the 6 floors because they take it up for you and bring it down and they are happy to help. It happened to be very hot when we were there and the apartment has 3 air conditioners that pump out a lot of cold air. I couldn't get over how big the apartment is. It has hard wood floors and the living room area is huge. It has a nice outside terrace with a table that is very relaxing and the view is nice from there too. This hotel is located right where you want to be just about a 2 minute walk from St. Mark's Square. The apartment was very quiet too. The bathroom has a great shower and has many conveniences. Although we didn't cook you have all the kitchen items you need if you decide to cook or warm something up. Stefano and Suzanna were VERY accomodating. They were always there when we needed them. The apartment was super clean too. I would definately stay here again when in Venice. When you leave the apartment building turn right away from the water and head to the coffee-pastry shop about 20 feet away. They make great capucino and the pastries are GREAT. The breakfast at Ca Dei Dogi is great too. You get yogurt, rolls and croisants (from the little pastry shop I just mentioned). If you like they will prepare an omlett for you and we had it one morning and it was excellent.Ask Stefano to make you a reservation at the ristorante he recommended by the Accadamia. Excellent. It's a wine bar and they have great seafood.We took a gondola ride around midnight and it was the best. The canals were very quiet compared to the noisy day rides the typical tourist gets. Don't forget to take the elevator up to the top of the bell tower of St. Mark's. The view is terrific and you will get some great pictures. At night the orchestras that play in St. Mark's Square are outstanding. Sit at a table an enjoy the entertainment. Yes it's pricey but how many times are you going to do it. The drink the Bellini was invented at Harry's Bar in Venice. It's basically a sparkling white wine with peach juice. This is a very famous place to go and be seen. The Bellini cost 15 Euros (about $22 US Dollars) and they are not that big. I wouldn't go back but again you have to do it once. Men have to wear long pants or they politely tell you to leave. Enjoy the olives with the Bellini.Nothing bad to say about this hotel. Book early and go for the apartment.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>TheDom
<Content>Close to the action       Double with jacuzzi  
<Date>Jun 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>towsonnc
<Content>1st class in Venice Quite simply, book this hotel without any hesitation at all if they open availability for your dates. I stayed at Ca dei Dogi for two nights in late May. We had the jacuzzi room and our friends had the double room with small terrace. Both were very nice and I would recommend either if you have the chance to stay at this hotel. I could not have imagined a better experience and all the positive characteristics previously noted on tripadvisor are 100% accurate. Here are a few reasons why this hotel should be considered in the top tier in Venice:1. Service - As previously noted, Stefano and Susanna are the perfect hosts. They will arrange almost anything for you whether its dinner reservations, vaporetto schedules, tours, etc. They genuinely care about your experience and it absolutely shows through during the stay. 2. Location - Centrally situated only minutes from St Marks and about 5-10 min walk from the Rialto Bridge. It's quiet down a small alley but yet right in the heart of where you want to be. Don't be fooled by people who suggest staying near the train station. 3. Value - the price in my opinion is fairly low and could realistically be 20%-30% higher. i wouldnt be surprised to see prices go higher since they're always booked but even if they were ~300 euro/night, I'd stay there without hesitation. Comparable options both in price and quality are not easy to come by. 4. Rooms - the two rooms I saw were very nicely appointed with a modern flare. keep in mind, US standards are different so the beds will be more firm, rooms will be somewhat small, and pillows will be flattish. that being said, they still exceeded our expectations significantly. as i said at the beginning, book this hotel without any hesitation at all if you have the opportunity. this hotel is the definition of why tripadvisor is a successful website today (people want to find relatively unknown but yet great places to stay) - ca' dei dogi is a gem in a city filled with many run down, tourist trap type hotels.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SaraSuffolk
<Content>Perfetto! We stayed here for 2 nights in the Double Economy room. Based on the reviews and the 鈥渆conomy鈥?classification, we expected the room to be a bit on the small side so we were not surprised or disappointed. The room has a double bed (queen sized, I think) which is pushed into the corner of the room. There is an L-shaped walkway around the bed to get to the bathroom. The room is beautifully decorated, as is the rest of the hotel, and was perfect for us. We don鈥檛 need a huge room as we prefer to spend most of our time sightseeing. However, had we planned to stay for several days, we may have considered reserving a larger room in the hotel. The location cannot be beat, being next door to the Doge鈥檚 Palace, a few minutes walk to St. Mark鈥檚, and near a major water taxi (vaporetto) stop.The hotel has a beautiful rooftop patio with several chairs and a table with an umbrella. It is surrounded with beautiful plants and flowers, with views of the Doge鈥檚 Palace, and was the perfect place for relaxing. At night, we enjoyed a glass of wine while listening to the live music being played at St. Mark鈥檚 square. It was magical and, we thought, a much better option than fighting the crowds and overpriced establishments on the square.As an American, good deals and values are hard to find in Italy, with the dollar being so weak. However, I rate this hotel a 5 in terms of value because I did A LOT of research prior to making reservations and am convinced I would not find a nicer place in an equally wonderful location for the same or better price. Stefano and Susanna were wonderful hosts, eager to make sure we had directions, maps, reservations, etc. They were very attentive to our needs and were always quick to make suggestions to enhance our stay.We loved this hotel!!  
<Date>May 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MacGyver_D_Nuts
<Content>First class, personal service! Made our honeymoon fantastic!       breakfast-made to order omellette, croissant, cappucino, bread  
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>poetphotographer
<Content>A Room With A View Would you like a room with a view? I stayed in the Apartment Sole for a week in early May and just loved it. What a beautiful, clean space--a contemporary design with an old world feel, wonderful light, exposed timber beams, and a sunny balcony. The aesthetics are fantastic and, on a practical level, the spacious apartment has all the amenities-- I could also offset some of the expense of Venice by making use of the kitchen. The six flights of stairs were not difficult and the staff will help with luggage.Stefano and Suzanna offer a great deal of personal warmth in the way they manage Ca' dei Dogi and I am grateful to them for their hospitality and generousity. They were attentive to whatever I may have needed to make my stay comfortable. They also helped me navigate the vaporetto system for trips to Murano, Burano, and the train station. They were so accomodating, I felt that I could ask them anything.Breakfast was excellent with omelettes if you like and a rave review for the capuccinos. The service was excellent. I also appreciated the restaurant, especially upon arrival after a very long travel day.The location, just around the corner from the bustling St. Mark's square, offers a kind of oasis of quiet and privacy. I loved the views from the apartment of the Doge Palace, St. Mark's bell tower, the cupolas of the basilica, Castello's skyline, the charm of tiled rooftops. There is also a glimpse of the lagoon from the balcony.Ca' dei Dogi is a special place to stay in the heart of a special city. I would go back. Highly recommended.  
<Date>May 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TACapeCod
<Content>Enjoyed our visit very much-it was a great location and the owner We spent a few days at this marvelous little hotel in a wonderful area of Venice-we loved the location-a neighborhood of real Venice-families, local restaurants, etc. The hotel is in a great location-near all of the major sights. We would highly recommend it to other travellers.  
<Date>May 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ElleSheri
<Content>Divinely Perfect! I have stayed in a lot of hotels in my lifetime but nothing makes me feel more at home than that of this spectacular hotel.. This is boutique hotel at it's finest... beautiful decor... no details were spared... the tiles were speckled with gold, absolutely stunning. The best part of my stay are the amazing hosts! It is true what everyone said in their reviews, Stefano and Suzanna are genuine hosts....Their service was so personalised, you don't feel that you are staying in a hotel. You actually feel that you are staying with genuine friends. They are truly warm and concern about your well being. I came to Venice staying in a hotel, but I end up knowing wonderful host who will end up being a good friend...If you are fed up of faceless, impersonalised treatment you get in major hotel chains, stay in this hotel.. It's all great Venetian goodness in one tiny package...11 stars out of ten!!  
<Date>May 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ItalyLadies
<Content>Perfect hotel! We were so amazed and delighted by the wonderful care and accommodations we had at this hotel. The five of us -- 85-year old mother, her three daughters, and 8 year old granddaughter -- stayed in 4 of the rooms for 4 nights, and we could not have been happier. We arrived at the train station  took the water bus to the San Zaccharia stop, then took a very short walk to the small alley way leading to the hotel. Susanna warmly greeted us and took over all the details of our checking in, while seating us outside on the patio with complimentary proseco (and a coke for our young traveler). The rooms were beautifully decorated -- and even my room (the small single room, 301, on the third floor) was very comfortable, with every convenience. The breakfasts were very good, with whatever coffee you asked for (I always had the scrumptious capuccino), blood orange juice and water, fruit salad, brioche, and omelettes to order (really delicious). Susanna was fabulous with suggestions and directions, and she even straightened out a problem I had with an online ticket agent, from whom I bought tickets in the U.S. for the secret tour of the Doges Palace. (And she knew exactly where to go for a less expensive, beautiful gondola ride, which was one of the highlights of our trip). All of the hotel staff were superb -- particularly the young man who helped us with our luggage and with breakfast, even at 4 am in the morning on our day of departure, when we had an early morning flight. We loved eating dinner at the hotel's Taverna dei Dogi one night -- let the waiter choose appetizers and the main course for you and relax and enjoy a fabulous seafood dinner. If you want to splurge another night, go to the nearby Hotel Metropole on the Grand Canal and order the Surprise tasting menu for 95 E each -- it made for a very special last night's dinner in Venice. Thank you Ca dei Dogi for our magical visit to Venice. We will be back!  
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>IvanOpinion
<Content>Wonderful No point repeating what has already been said many times. I confirm all the wonderful things said about this hotel. We stayed in the apartment, which costs more than the hotel rooms, but you get a lot of space: living room/kitchen; bathroom; bedroom; hallway; roof terrace.Only real flaw is the stairs: 6 floors!  
<Date>Apr 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	3	

<Author>scrumdiddlyumptious
<Content>A JEWEL Suzanna and Stefano are wonderful! They have made a beautiful secret oasis of calm and kindness right in the heart of Venice. We were welcomed warmly and relieved of the burden of our luggage, shown to our gorgeous rooms...we had the jacuzzi room and our friends, the superior room with the amazing window. Everything about the room and the service was first class from start to finish. We've stayed in Venice many times but these were the most genuinely concerned hosts we've ever had. Highly recommended for all reasons. Stefano and Suzanna are gentle and caring and will do everything they can to make sure you eat at the best restaurants and get fair prices for taxis. Let them help you make some choices, you can trust them. We're definitely coming back. AFTER we'd paid our bill and left our luggage there, the heavens over Venice opened and we couldn't find a dry place in the whole city. They let us come back in and drip all over the tiny foyer and breakfast room til we had to go to the airport! A lot of places stop smiling once you've paid the bill, but this was different............. THANK YOU CA DEI DOGI!!!!!  
<Date>Apr 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>HunterDrayman
<Content>A maze of twisty little passageways You are in a maze of twisty little passageways, all alike, but fortunately help is at hand in the shape of Stefano and Suzanna, our excellent hosts at Hotel C谩 de Dogi. Nothing seems to be too much trouble, and we鈥檝e had a very relaxing and enjoyable week. We rented their Apartment Sole (Sun Apartment) on the top floor of a small building just across the twisty passageway from the main hotel. Its quite a climb to the top (78 steps) but well worth it, comprising a modern well equipped living room/kitchen/diner, shower/bathroom, small cosy bedroom with a wide king-size bed and a terrace looking out over the rooftops and the Bridge of Sighs to the Dogi's Palace.As I type, the air conditioning refuses to go cold, but I'm sure its operator error and Stefano will be able to tell me what I'm doing wrong tomorrow after breakfast, which incidentally is most Venetian (coffee how-you-like-it and brioche) plus fruit salad, juice, and yoghurt. Omelette is on offer too. Anyway, for now, I just open some windows which are rather splendid powered velux affairs. It鈥檚 hard resisting the temptation to play.The kitchen has most things you need for home-made snacks and take-aways if you want to reduce your dining-out budget. In fact, I'd say its probably the cheapest way of staying in the heart of Venice for a week costing about the same as a hotel room per night but affording much greater comfort (as long as you don't mind the stairs). We've been able to have some meals in and some out. When it鈥檚 very easy to spend 鈧?0 on a modest restaurant meal around here, the occasional take-away pizza helps balance the finances. There鈥檚 a good but small supermarket a few streets away in San Lio and SS can provide directions.The weather has been mixed this week (April 9-16, 2008) and we've been able to enjoy the sun terrace as well as dry-out the wet shoes, coats and trousers much more easily than in a hotel.Other reviews here have fully described the marvelous location so I won't go into that except to say that its quite magical being able to just pop out for ten minutes for a stroll around San Marco.What else can I add?: If you are going in the near future be aware that building work is happening next door at the same level. So Mon-Fri there has been constant noise of drills, saws and shouting. Having said that, we've not found it obtrusive as it is going on inside the building rather than on the scaffolding outside. In fact, it's provided some entertainment, especially when nobody could find Giovanni one day.Also, if you like long drinks of tea or coffee take your own mugs. Italians don鈥檛 do long hot drinks its not part of the culture and Suzanna didn鈥檛 have anything that would suffice in the restaurant either. We eventually tracked some down in a local hardware shop.Other recommendations: There's quite a bit of debate, I notice, as to whether a Venice Card is worth the 鈧?0 (orange variety). I'd say most definitely yes, especially now that single journey rate is 鈧?.50 and the loos cost 鈧? per pee. Pre-book it on the web anyway and pay up front as well, if you trust the rather idiosyncratic ACTV web site.I read a review that stated restaurant owners in the vicinity of San Marco view their clientele as 鈥榦ne-shot鈥?prey and consequently there is no need for them to provide value for money. Sadly it seems to be true, at least, in our experience this week. I鈥檇 single some out but it seems unfair. Basically take what you鈥檇 pay in UK pounds for any item (even coffee) double it and that鈥檚 what you鈥檒l pay in Euros in the San Marco area. But head away from that area and you will eventually get value for money. I鈥檇 wholeheartedly recommend the Taverna San Trovaso near the Accademia bridge, which although not cheap you don鈥檛 mind parting with the cash as the ambience and food are superb.Lastly, your average Venetian is a really nice patient, tolerant and pleasant guy. We鈥檝e been immensely impressed with the helpful way the public transport staff, museum people and locals put up with hordes of 鈥榮trangeros鈥?like us invading their wonderful city and fumbling about with their magnificent language.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>trveler50
<Content>great hotel Great hotel in the middle of the Venice tourist scene. It sits almost next to the Bridge of Sighs. The decor was beautiful. It was clean and the rooftop terrace was so quiet at night you could hardly believe you were in a big city. Stephano and the staff were great hosts. Trust his recommendations for restaurants but make sure you eat one meal at his own restaurant attached to the hotel. He does have the best seafood risotto in the city. Next time in Venice we will definitely return to this hotel.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>11smiles
<Content>Fabulous We only spent one night in this fabulous little hotel in the heart of Venice. We arrived after lunch and before dinner but they provided snacks and wine on their rooftop terrace. The breakfast was perfect; yogurt, fruit, pastries, great coffee and even eggs. Susanna was very helpful with the maps and where to go. We ate at the Taverna dei Dogi before we left and the food was very good. An all around great stay, just wish it could have been longer.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2008
<Rating>5	3	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Shamu1967
<Content>Beautiful, charming and romantic My husband and I stayed for 3 nights at the end of March. The hotel itself is beautiful and could not have been in a better location. Although the room is small, the added benefit of a patio made up for this. We spent each afternoon here with a bottle of wine, mini pizzas and treats. I could not recommended this hotel enough.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>windsurfer_2003
<Content>Great stay during the Biennale! The owners, Stefano and Susanna, and staff really took good care of us throughout our stay. As with other reviewers posting here, they arranged early breakfast for us on the day we were flying home. The photos here and on the website are accurate representatives of the clean and stylish rooms. We had a great view of the courtyard and the Doge's palace. Good breakfast. We njoyed the warm pastries with apple filling. Coffee was made to order. We were always full enough that we never tried the omelletes, though they were always offered.For those debating whether or not to buy that extra guidebook, they had a small library of guidebooks at the front desk. Also umbrellas--though it only rained a bit one afternoon out of 4 days. Early in our visit, we took the Secret Itineraries tour of the Doge's Palace and could see our room and balcony from the top floor near one of the cells in which Casanova had been imprisoned. It was sort of cool looking back at that window from our room. Overall, the location could not be better. We were in the center of everything, but it was very quiet. It was great to be able to come back to our Ca' dei Dogi oasis throughout the day for short rests. We will definitely return!  
<Date>Mar 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>larklaw
<Content>Excellent Great staff---small hotel but excellent location---got off water taxi and was right around corner. Rooms are small but very nice--bathrooms were very nice. We had a nice patio overlooking a courtyard where we had our comp bottle of wine from the hotel.Breakfast was simple and good. Tucked away on tiny alley/street so was very quiet. When we stayed the price/value was excellent in comparison to other hotels nearby and with the newer interior finish of rooms much nicer than others we had looked at.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>margarida
<Content>Three reasons make the difference...       the modern bathroom  
<Date>Mar 1, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>StacyHR
<Content>Good location, beautiful hotel with excellent service We stayed one night at this hotel in Venice and it was a great place. The service is excellent and SO friendly. We got there early - around 9AM from the overnight train from Germany and were able to drop off our luggage. They gave us croissants with marmalade and expresso and then we were off to explore Venice. When we went back after lunch, our luggage was in our room. The room was great - air conditioning, state of the art bathroom (the shower had like 10 jets!), tv with cable, all very beautifully decorated.Venice is a city that's hard on you (crowded, dense, etc) and it was so wonderful to be able to pop into the hotel to rest and freshen up between seeing St. Marks and the Dogi Palace - the location cannot be beat.  
<Date>Feb 12, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MandJ-Hawaii
<Content>This is a gem! This is a small elegant boutique hotel. The hotel looks like what you see on their websiite. My husband and I stayed here 2 nights. Our room was small but the room (3 A or B I think) and bathroom were beautifully appointed and very clean. It included a safe, slim TV, phone, air con, etc. Our room also had a door to a small private terrace. The breakfast was delicious. The hotel does not have a elevator, but the staff will carry your luggage if you need help. The location is perfect, just next to Piazza San Marco. It is just a couple minutes walk from a stop for the canal and airport boats. The owner, Stephano, and staff were very helpful and friendly. A wonderful value for Venice!  
<Date>Jan 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>HerefordUKHappyman
<Content>Very Nice       outside the hotel  
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>gjck
<Content>Amzing Hotel! Amazing Hotel Steps away from St. Mark's Square! The staff at this hotel were amazing, even upgraded our room for free as my husband was sick! They even came with us the the pharmacia to translate! The rooms were beautiful and clean. Loved the balcony you could see the palace, the bridge of sighs and hear the bells and the gondoliers singing! Amazing deal, well worth the price. Very good breakfast.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>AZStaish
<Content>Charming hotel, great location After having a heck of a time finding the hotel (the alleys in Venice are sooo confusing!) we settled in for a pleasant stay. My parents stayed in the actual hotel, my husband and I booked the apartment which was amazing. The hotel had up to date amenities and the apartment had the largest shower of all our hotels in Europe. A small breakfast was included- which was just enough to keep us going until lunchtime. The hotel location was great... right by the water bus stop and minutes from St Marks Square. I would stay here again in a heartbeat.  
<Date>Dec 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>mbdgblue
<Content>Discreet pied a terre       our terrace  
<Date>Dec 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>aoh77a
<Content>loved the ca'dei Dogi Really friendly owner, stephano greeted us on arrival. Advised on really good pizzeria after late arrival. Offered an upgrade, fabulous room with its own terrace, daybed and superb bathroom. We overlooked the Doges palace. Perfect hotel for your stay. Very high standard for the price.  
<Date>Dec 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CSNunes
<Content>Loved the Ca' dei Dogi It is a very little hotel but great! The hotels photos on the website do not lie, the rooms are really that nice. I was in a single room, it was very small but superb. It had everything in a small place, from safe, to TV, to phone, just everything! The bathroom was great, just out of a decoration magazine .. really perfect. I would like my home bathroom to be like that. You just felt good in that room. It was very very confortable.And for the quality of Venice hotels, this was great! It is worth you money.The hotel is small, like almost all hotels in Venice. It does not have a lift, so do not bring too many bags. It does not have internet acess.The location is perfect, just next to Piaza San Marco. And with direct link to the airport boats.The service was 5 stars, very friendly, very helpfull. The room was spotless, very very clean. There is also a restaurant, with great Italian food, very traditional.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>TheGuandos
<Content>Lovely hotel, great service Just returned from a two night stay at Ca' dei Dogi. Had such a great experience and would highly recommend this hotel.Room was small but very well appointed and decorated.Right in the heart of Venice, but very quiet.Staff were very friendly and helpful with directions/travel arrangements/restaurant recommendations etc.Perfect hotel for a weekend break.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>LuckySouth
<Content>Loved the Staff We stayed for three nights in November 2007. As it was our first time to Venice we were unfamiliar. We walked directly off the boat, straight ahead, and asked at the first hotel Daniel for directions. They called Stephano, and he met us within two minutes. It was a short, short walk down an alley and we were there. No dragging the luggage forever through streets. He carried my luggage upstairs (poor guy). We were so surprised to see our double room with balconey. It was modern, pristine, fresh smelling and clean. The bathroom was gorgeous. It felt luxurious and comforting. There was a safe, phone, a window, balconey and a stocked mini bar. We were in heaven. Stephano is so, so professional, helpful and kind. The breakfast was fine. We ordered 3 coffee's each (and no they did not look at us funny or feel put out), fresh fruit, rolls, toast, juice, yogurt and omlette. We were not hungry for hours. Our waiter was always kind, all smiles and asked if we wanted more coffee, and so forth. They made us feel welcome, like guests, and treated us with smiles and kindness around every corner. The location is next to none, I could see doges palace outside of my balconey, and it was minutes (less than 5 ) on foot. Stephano went out of his way making dinner reservations, mapping us out and teaching us about the Italian government. When you have a host like this, it truly makes the experience so much fuller and richer. I recommend this hotel to anyone, my room was one step up than the standard double, and well worth it. We were pleased that we found this hotel and met such a lovely person and staff.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>arodg
<Content>Ca Dei Dogi was the Best! We stayed here for two nights in October and absolutely loved the hotel. Stefano couldn't have been nicer or more helpful, he was quick to assist us with everything, answered all of my husband's questions about the many switches in our room, and even printed off the water bus times to make sure we got to our train on time. The room was quite lovely and everything seemed brand new. We thoroughly enjoyed the breakfast and there was more than enough food to eat - fruit, croissants, bread, yogurt, cappuccino and an omlette! And the location was fabulous! We stayed at six different hotels during our trip in Europe and Ca Dei Dogi was by far our favorite. We wish Venice was closer so we could stay at this great hotel more often!  
<Date>Dec 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>JILLYS75
<Content>A little jewel in Venice's Crown What a little gem of a find. This hotel is fabulous because:1. Location - It is literally adjacent to the must see sights in Venice, 30 metres from Bridge of Sighs, joined onto the Doges Palace and about 60 metres as the crow flies from St Marks Square.2. The Decor - I didnt want musty 1970's venetian style decor and this hotel didnt disappoint. Boutique minimalistic chic. Chrome and mosaic tile bathrooms, flat screen LCD's, little flavour of italy with the amazing stained glass etc.3. The Staff - Stefano and all other staff were second to none. Champagne awaited my arrival as I mentioned weeks ago the trip was for mum's arrival. Maps and recommendations were provided and luggage was delivered and collected from room.The lady on reception and the men in the restaurant were lovely too.4. Cleanliness and Room Keeping- Immaculate. Extremely clean and tidy and orderly. Beautiful guest comment book and various italy guide booksand venice coffee table books to browse in reception5. Arriving - 30 metres from Vaporetta stop and easy to find.6. Great Communiaction when booking.So when I return to Venice (which I will - I am lucky to have travelled many places but Venice is in the top 3 in terms of beauty) I will tace my steps right back to this little jewel.Thanks Ca Dei Dogi.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>oj2020
<Content>Wonderful! My husband and I had a lovely time in Venice - and staying here made it so much more enjoyable. It is a little tough to find - but so is pretty much everything else in Venice (aside from the major tourist attractions/museums, etc). The breakfast was typical - and satisfactory. We stayed in the top floor room with the amazing sitting room. I fell in love with the glass in the windows! The room was very clean, comfortable, and the staff and owners were so friendly.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>minkKC
<Content>Great little hotel near Piazza San Marco I stayed at Ca dei Dogi for 3 nights in early October in the single room, my sister and her husband had a double room. My single room was tiny as everyone has described, but had everything I needed and was simple and modern. Didn't miss the lack of space at all. Even though the room was small, the bathroom, although not huge, was bigger than I expected considering the room size. Shower was actually pretty big by Italy standards! We buzzed at the door when we arrived, and Stefano was there within a minute or so. There is no elevator, but he had someone bring the luggage up the stairs to our rooms. Other than that, there was generally someone (Stefano or Susanna) at the desk in the morning, but we were given a key to the outside door, as the rest of the day there usually wasn't anyone there, although they did tell us we could bug them at their restaurant next door if we needed anything. We didn't want to bother them, but keep this in mind if you are wanting any information - ask in the morning. Breakfast was bigger than a previous review stated. They might have arrived early? Started at 8am if I remember correctly, and the tables were already set with fruit salad and melba toasts upon arrival, but then when you sat down, they would bring out yogurt, cornetti, and offer you a capuccino and an omlette. Probably one of the best things about the hotel is the proximity to Piazza San Marco - right around the corner. Not only was it a great location (especially for a first visit to Venice), but it was easy to find too. Just follow all the signs to Piazza San Marco... Surprisingly, the hotel was really quiet. Couldn't hear any outside noise (or from other rooms either) at all. Other than that, the price was really reasonable for Venice. I believe I paid around 100 Euro per night for my single room, think my sister and brother-in-law paid about 150 per night for their double. Would definitely stay here again!  
<Date>Nov 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>FlyMeAnywhere
<Content>Small and Wonderful PLUSES++++ROOMS: Even though the rooms were small, they were VERY nicely furnished and super clean. I loved the marble bathroom and balcony overlooking the courtyard and Doge's Palace.STAFF: The staff was very friendly LOCATION: The location could not have been better. It is a short walking distance from the Vaporetto Stop and 5 minutes from San Marco. MINUSES----BREAKFAST: This was the only disappointing thing about the hotel. I only ate breakfast here once and all you get is a fruit cup and pre-packaged dry toast. Even though I would have liked more, at least I understand that having only a handful of rooms makes it hard to have a larger breakfastRESTAURANTSFood in Venice was a little disappointing. Its expensive and not as good as other Italian cities so I was kind of surprised to find that the hotel restaurant was actually pretty good and reasonably price. Plus you get a discount for staying at the hotel.OVERALLThis hotel ranks as one of my favorite European hotels. I can not say enough good things about it.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>CorinneC
<Content>Lovely little hotel in the perfect location! We just came back from a short trip to Venice - we stayed at Ca' dei Dogi for 2 nights. We had room 401, which is the one on the top floor, and has a small terrace and a little extra room attached to it. The bathroom had a power shower, and everything was nicely decorated and clean. Other users have commented on how small some rooms can be, but this room didn't feel too small. The stairs are a bit of a killer as the room was on the top floor, but we got used to them.The staff are very friendly - we got a few recommendations one night when we were looking for a nice place to eat, and the day we left, they kindly let us leave our luggage in the reception because our flight was late at night. Breakfast was nice - tea/coffee, fruit juice, selection of breads, omelette. The location is perfect - we walked everywhere most of the time. We only got a 12-hour vaporetto ticket on the second day, when we visited the Gran Canal, the cimetery, Murano, and other sights around Venice. We would definitely recommend this hotel!  
<Date>Nov 9, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>H0wie
<Content>Small but well located Other reviews emphasise that the rooms in this hotel are small. They're not exaggerating. The rooms are tiny. I'm well aware that many American visitors expect generously proportioned rooms, but even as a seasoned UK traveller I don't think I've ever stayed in a smaller room - and that includes some of the city centre Ibis 'matchbox' rooms. That said, the rooms are well equipped, and if you're in Venice as a tourist you won't be spending much time in your hotel room in any case. We stayed in the double economy (room 202, I think).What the hotel makes up for in size, it more than compensates for in terms of location. It really is a stone's throw from St Mark's Square, and very easy to get to from San Marks or San Zaccaria water stops.As is reported, the management team are friendly, efficient and hospitable, although I don't think that I'd be inclined to speak in quite such gushing tones as some of the other reviewers.Would I stay here again? Probably. But I may be inclined to chance my arm for something with a little bit more space, and compromise on the location. Venice is such a compact city that the location of the hotel isn't the be all and end all.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>laureldg
<Content>A small jewel in a jewel of a city Ca' Dei Dogi is in a perfect location behind the Doge's Palace. You walk along the water past the Palace, go over a bridge, then turn into the first alley on your left, make the next left into another alley, and voila! you are in a small courtyard facing a beautiful old home that has been turned into an up to date small hotel of six rooms. Each room is different, but each is contemporary and warmly furnished with a modern bathroom. We had the room four flights up with a small terrace and a beautiful little alcove lined with circular panels of glass and automatic shades that went down at the touch of a button. The hotel does not have an elevator, but our luggage was brought up and down the stairs by the staff, so it wasn't a problem. The rate included a wonderful breakfast of juice, croissants, yogurt, fruit salad, and eggs made to order. The best part of the hotel was that is was absolutely quiet - a difficult task in a city as crowded as Venice. The location couldn't be beat as it was central to everything and very easy to return to at the end of a long day of walking and sightseeing. Stefano and Susanna at the front desk were amazing. There was no task too small for them to help us with. They were especially gracious when we wanted to email and fax a store in Greece to get bills for items we purchased. The service we got was better than we could have gotten at a 5 star hotel. We felt that this was a great value in a very expensive city. Yes, the beds were too hard for my taste and the pillows were a bit flat and hard (not the down I'm accustomed to). But this hotel excelled in every other way - immaculate, tastefully decorated, and a great value for the price. We recommend it highly for people looking for a small, quiet, intimate hotel in a great location with excellent service.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ChrissyandJohn
<Content>Absolutely divine We stayed 4nights at the Ca' dei Dogi apartment which is immediately oppsite the main boutique hotel. Stefano and Suzanna are the most delightful, helpful hosts/owners. We arrived in the pouring rain and were immediately taken to our 6th floor apartment to enable us to dry out and relax. Stefano threw open the shutters to our terrace to reveal a view to the palace and campanile. The terrace is framed by pots and pots of miniature roses. Our apartment was spacious with fully equipped kitchen, living room, seperate bedroom and bathroom and was immaculately clean. The location - superb!!! The Bridge of Sighs is 10 metres away and St Marco square is a 2 minute walk - get up at dawn and stroll to the square to see it empty of crowds - breathtaking!  
<Date>Oct 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>EuroTraveler43
<Content>Fantastic Hotel in Venice! We stayed 3 nights at the Ca' dei Dogi on our recent trip to Italy. We were absolutely thrilled with our accomodations. We stayed in the only room on the 1st floor. It is a small dbl. with two beds. The room was small but looked to have been recently renovated. The bathroom was small but done in nice marble tile and had a large tub with shower attachments. We usually stay in hotels ranging from 125 - 185 euro and this was definately one of the nicer places we have stayed. It is small hotel and you see the owners daily. They will go out of their way to help you with restaurants, water taxis, trains, tours, etc. The location can't be beat. It is literally a 5 minute walk from St. Mark's square. It's also only a 5 minute walk from the S. Zaccaria vaparetto stop, so it is extremely convenient for arriving and departures on the water taxis. If you are staying in Venice and are looking in the price range I mentioned, I highly recommend you give Ca' dei Dogi a try. We will definately return the next time we are in Venice!  
<Date>Oct 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Fleurdelis
<Content>A Home Away from home in Venice It is hard to say what is the best thing about Cai dei Dogi...that is because everything is wonderful. From the moment we arrived, Susanna and Stefano went out of their way to make us feel at home. They not only tell you what restaurant to go to to avoid the toursit rip off joints, but they will even share willingly their favorite menu items at each place. The location is unbeatable...smack dab next to St Marks Square and the Hotel Danieli..you'd think it would be too noisy in this area but once inside the walls of Ca Dei Dogti, it is peaceful and quiet.. It is also only 1 block from the major vaporetto stop of S. Zaccaria/San Marco. ..We were in Room 301 and altho small, it is very comfortable...all new and trendy and modern. A nice change form the dusty typical Venetian decor. We had a small private balcony that overlooks the Cardinals gardens!!! If your room does not have a balcony, there is one at the top for everyone to use! Breakfast is nice and they will even make you eggs if you want! We would definetely stay here again!!!!  
<Date>Sep 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>margaritavern
<Content>Fabulous Experience worth Rave Reviews! We just returned to the states after spending part of our trip in Venice...and staying at this quaint hotel. I must say...the pictures on the website hold true to how the facilities are. The room we stayed in was charming. Small, but exceptionally furnished and comfortable. The bathroom was impeccable too! The hotel...which hosts only 6 rooms...is quite new. What your room lacks in size is much overpowered by its attention to detail, location, cleanliness and class. Stephan was an exceptional host. The restaurant is excellent too! All just a few steps away from San Marco square and the waterbus stop. I would definitely recommend this to...well...everyone! Well worth the Euros!  
<Date>Sep 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>debstah
<Content>wonderful little hotel       room 302 - small but cozy  
<Date>Sep 14, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	1	

<Author>Guinn's
<Content>Outstanding Hotel       The Double Economy Room  
<Date>Sep 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Fuzzbadge
<Content>Fantastic place for a romantic break This was a bit over my normal budget but I booked the hotel on the strength of their beautiful website as a surprise wedding anniversary treat and was not disappointed. We took a water taxi from the airport - well worth the cost as you speed virtually up to St Marks Square like film stars! The hotel is tucked down an alleyway but is fantastically located right in the centre of things. We had the superior room which is at the top of the building (and there is no lift). It is modest in size but luxuriously appointed and very comfortable. There are small balconies overlooking gardens and access to a communal rooftop terrace. An oasis of calm just a few steps from the buzz of St Marks.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Willardo
<Content>A small gem next to the Bridge of Sighs We were delighted with our stay at this 6-room hotel located across the canal from the Doges Palace and right behind the Palace's old prison building. We made our reservation directly with their web site after reading several good reviews on TripAdvisor. We arrived at 9 am after disembarking from our cruise ship and hoped they would keep our luggage until we could check in later that day. Taking our luggage was no problem, but first the manager wanted us to have coffee and offered us a table in the small dining room where we talked with two other couples staying there. After we finished our coffee and conversation, we were told our room was ready and our bags were carried upstairs for us. The room was spectacular - modern and clean with tiled bathroom and comfortable furnishings. The hotel's roof-top patio has shaded chairs and a table and gives a great close-up view of the east side of the Doges Palace, about 100 meters away. The only drawback is the lack of a lift which is a factor for anyone with physical disablilities if your room is on the third or fourth floors.For intimate, personalized service and helpful advice from the English-speaking staff, this hotel can't be beat. The location is perfect for sight-seeing in the St. Marks Square and Rialto Bridge area, and the San Zaccaria vaporetto station is less than a 100 meters walk to the narrow street that leads you from canal-side Riva Degli Schiavone to the hotel .If you want to avoid the big chain hotels and enjoy a truly friendly and comfortable small boutique hotel, the Ca Dei Dogi is highly recommended by us.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>PlateMan
<Content>Great Find Ca Dei Dogi makes you feel like you live in Venice. It is a tiny six-room hotel that has excellent hosts who welcome you in their city like family.It is located in an amazing location, off some small alleyways near St. Mark's Square and from there everything is in walking distance. There is a water bus stop right at the end of the alley, so access to the airport and train station is also easy.I stayed in the single room which was tiny, barely enough room to walk. But for the price in Venice, it was fine.Breakfast was included and a good chance to relax. Likewise, the hotel has a rooftop garden that is a nice place to relax from the heat of Venice.The hotel does not have an elevator, but they help you with all your bags. Venice is an amazing city and Ca Dei Dogi makes it even more enjoyable. Pick this place--you will not regret it.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>cinnyNewJersey
<Content>Fabulous!!!!!!!!! My husband and I stayed in this bed and breakfast for three nights in July. It was a wonderful experience and I would highly reccomend it to anyone! Marco was a wonderful host and gave us terrific restaurants to try. We loved having Spritz before dinner and would not have known about this drink if Marco had not told us. We were given perfect directions to use the Vaperreto to go to Murano and Burano from Susanna. The hotel is decorated beautifully!!!!! Breakfast was great! If you go to Venice stay at this bed and breakfast!  
<Date>Aug 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Lehobro
<Content>Fantastic stay with a very firendly staff My husband and I stayed at Ca dei Dogi in early July of 2007 and had a fantastic stay!! As all the other reviews have mentioned, the staff is the most friendly and helpful we encounted throughout our stay in Europe. The room was very clean and modern, although (as the 2-twin bed room on the ground floor) a bit on the small side. We loved the rooftop patio with a view of the (practically next door) Palazzo Ducale. It was perfectly centrally located. Breakfast was great too- fresh omelette, fruit, pastry, yogurt, and great cappuccini. We cannot recommend it enough, and will definitely stay there again!  
<Date>Jul 22, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Misbee22
<Content>We LOVED Ca Dei Dogi After reading so many great reviews about this small hotel, we decided to book it and are so glad we did. We had the superior room on the top floor. It was small but nicely decorated with a small sitting area and terrace. The bathroom was beautiful and clean and the bed was comfortable. Breakfast was delicious. We were given croissants and yogurt every morning with our cappuchinos....delicious omlettes followed. Besides the location (which can't be beat), it's really the staff that makes this place so great. Both Stefano and Susanna were just the nicest hosts we encountered during our two week stay in Italy. Every night they recommended great restaurants and gave us detailed directions on how to get there. Susanna also helped us choose a spot for a gondola ride and made sure we were aware of the details of the vaporetti schedule. We would not hesitate for a moment to stay here again when we return to Venice.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>irishred_mk
<Content>Absolutely wonderful! The hotel is small and charming, in a FABULOUS location. It is around the corner from the Bridge of Sighs and minutes away from San Marco Piazza. The staff is very friendly and helpful. When I go back to Venice, I will stay here!  
<Date>Jul 8, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KlausTheInspector
<Content>Doge Next Door       View from terrace at nearby Hotel Danieli  
<Date>Jun 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>IrishLouise
<Content>Little Gem in the heatr of Venice!! Great location! Venice is small enough for everything to be within walking distance, but the beauty of the location of Ca' dei Dogi is that it's only a minute walk away from the main canal  water bus stop. Walking with your baggage through crowds of tourists on cobbled streets is not something I'd recommend and you can easily get from the airport or train station to the S.Marco water bus stop and Ca'Dei Dogi is only a minute's walk away.As if the location wasn't enough to recommend this hotel, after our ease in finding it we were met by Stefano, the owner, who was v polite  helpful. Our room was beautifully decorated in a rustic wooden beams across the ceiling way, and although rooms are small, they are v well equipped (mini-bar  snacks, plasma TV, plenty of towels etc). Upon check-out the girl at the front desk was very helpful and told us exactly where to go for the water bus to the airport, printed us the timetable, and gave us a few hints as to how to survive the locals who can tend to be a bit over-enthusiastic shall we say, when getting onto busses.I would recommend this hotel to any traveller in Venice. We had come from Rome where we stayed in a 4 star hotel, and it offered nothing more than Ca' De Dogi, other than a little bit more space. Little Gem in the heatr of Venice!  
<Date>Jun 6, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>EddyThunderBay
<Content>Great Hotel We stayed here for three nights in May...during the heat wave. Thank goodness for A/C. Although we had the smallest, least expensive room of the six in the hotel...it was perfect for my wife and I. Although small, like all European rooms, it was well appointed and had all the usual amenities. Kudos to the owners of this fine hotel for their great service.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>PhilipConnecticut
<Content>Don't Miss This Slice of Paradise This place was wonderful. The hosts, Sussanna and Stefano couldn't have been nicer or more helpful. We had the room at the top #401 of the hotel with its own little balcony and just about everything about the place was perfect. Situated within a one minute walk to St. Mark's Square, we couldn't recommend this small, intimate hotel any more highly.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>Guglielmo_e_Alina
<Content>Fabulous!       The Bridge of Sighs from the alley  
<Date>Apr 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Eltel6
<Content>Beautiful little gem       single room - just big enough for one  
<Date>Mar 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>pbn077
<Content>Loved this hotel We went to the hotel after reading the reviews on Tripadvisor and were not disappointed!From the moment Stefano greeted us with his warm welcome, we knew this was the place for us!! The hotel is intimate and offers a fantastic location. Stefano and Suzanna were a delight and couldn't do enough for us.The hospitality of all staff was great and we will certainly be returning. The restaurant recommendations were brilliantWe stayed in the superior room and it was wonderful!Thank you for a fantastic stay  
<Date>Mar 3, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DebMichael
<Content>If you go to Venice stay here. We have just come back from a 3 night stay at the Ca'dei Dogi and i have to say this hotel is one of the best hotels we have ever stayed in. When we arrived Stefano was waiting outside for us worried that we were lost. He was so helpful the whole time we were there, he carried our bags, (up the 4 flights of stairs) explained how everything worked, showed us the terraces and happily helped us anyway he could. He was wonderful.We stayed in a superior room at the top which was lovely. It had a flat screen tv, modern furnishings, smelt heavenly, it was so clean, and the bed was sooo comfortable we had a hard time getting up in the morning. The day that we overslept and missed breakfast we went down to go out and found that we were ushered into the breakfast room and told that we could still have breakfast, despite being an hour late. All of the staff at this lovely hotel were welcoming, polite and professional. The hotel is very close to san marco and the bridge of sighs, and really easy to find. Everything about this hotel is 5* and i would not hesitate to recommend this hotel to anyone. (well except for those who had a problem with stairs). All in all an excellent hotel. Thanks mum.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>m00
<Content>Would love to go back tomorrow! Ca' dei Dogi is a wonderful hotel - from the moment we arrived to the moment we left. Location: The location is superb and only a few minutes walk to St Mark's Sq. Everything is within easy reach (bars, cafes, restaurants, shops - you name it, its there!) Noise levels were minimal and all that could be heard were the ringing of bells in the distance, which was lovely.Hotel: Ca dei Dogi is a small hotel with only 6 rooms but made a big lasting impression. The staff were brilliant and we were always greeted with a smile. Check in was simple and we were shown our room (Jacuzzi room) and how everything worked. The room itself was big enough and a typical size for Venice. We had our own balcony with a stunning view of the Doge's Palace too. Breakfast was my favourite part of the day - I could never finish it all! There was always plenty to go around and made a great start to the day. Overall, this is the best hotel I have ever had the pleasure of staying in. It made our trip so enjoyable that we can't wait to go back - I would definitely book this hotel again and again!  
<Date>Jan 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Glamanda
<Content>Great location Location, location, location! This hotel was perfectly located near St Marks. The rooms were small but normal sized for Venice. It was very tastefully decorated - modern design in neutral colours and it was very comfortable. The bathroom was also very modern and new. We even had our own little balcony (which we never got a chance to use). The toilet seat was a bit uncomfortable due to it's non-rounded edges - it looked funky but was not so good to sit on! We tried their restaurant (hotel guests get a discount) but the food was quite pricey and not great, compared with other restaurants in Venice. Breakfast was simple - bread rolls and yoghurt, juice, coffee.I would definitely recommend this hotel, especially if going in autumn, you can hear outdoor musicians playing in St Marks as you walk home - it's lovely!  
<Date>Jan 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>marielSanjuan
<Content>Lovely Hotel! Wow! Please stay here! Venice is a very romantic gateway. This hotel is in a good  prime location. The hotel is like boutique-secret place, very warm, tasteful decoration-minimalist. Very clean, beautiful and have everything you need for your trip. The hotel have a amazing restaurant- very good and kind staff. Stefano is very nice and lovely person. The hotel is next to St. Marks Square, shops and bridge of sights! This hotel combined elegance, luxury and warmy athmosphere.The vaporetto stop is San Zaccarias. Stefano will help you with everything like -set the train tickets information and everything! I higly recommend it! You will not regret.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>drogboy
<Content>Lovely little hotel We spent three nights at the Ca dei Dogi in December. Lovely, warm welcome from the staff, delightful modern room, plentiful breakfast....and a free bottle of prosecco too! Location wise, it's two minutes from St Mark's Square. And great value...unlike everything else in Venice. Couldn't recommend highly enough.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ccc1969
<Content>The Best Deal in Town       little extra room attached to the room  
<Date>Oct 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>diana95426
<Content>Wonderful Small Hotel In Venice   showReview(5826245, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>flightfan
<Content>Wonderful little hotel   showReview(5601317, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 11, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lovely hotel, friendly owners, great location   showReview(5391022, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 26, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>janrat
<Content>Beautifully decorated, with excellent attention to detail   showReview(5296783, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 4, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Cricri
<Content>Lovely little hotel   showReview(4739208, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>WalesTraveller
<Content>Lovely little hotel   showReview(4586550, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 6, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Gerardo73
<Content>Loved Ca' Dei Dogi   showReview(4164041, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 5, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect location, charming hotel   showReview(4122043, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 16, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Marcus30
<Content>Perfetto       C脿 Dei Dogi  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>herledanc
<Content>un charmant petit hotel   showReview(16050506, 'full');   
<Date>May 15, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Irenef76
<Content>Un vero gioiellino!   showReview(15488222, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>boxy86
<Content>Troppo carino!   showReview(15258425, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Londonian
<Content>R茅servez une chambre l脿!   showReview(7569402, 'full');   
<Date>May 9, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

