<Author>hepi123
<Content>wonderful experience I love Bali very much, together with my husband and other couples, we always stayed in five star hotel. This time we want to spend in private villas instead. And we find Aston bhavana, perfecly located in prime area in Seminyak. we are very happy with this decision. The design is so cozy and the villas is so spacious, the ambience is so fresh, we could relax in our private pool, and having a chef cooked in our villas, the service is absolutely high end, we feel so special.This experience could never been forgotten.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>steffie2008
<Content>a no stater we booked to stay at the sesari in Jan 08 for aug 08. We booked well in advance to avoid dissapointment. We booked the honeymoon package  we were really excited to stay here as we had read all the reviews before hand  was delighted with our choice. on arrival in bali after travelling for 30 hours, our driver picked us up  handed us a letter. The letter stated that they had over booked  were moving us to another complex. we were transferred to the sun island resort. The sun island was a nice resort but no way near as nice as the sesari. We were deeply disappointed by this especially as this was our honeymoon. we didn't get the honeymoon package as requested. so we missed out on having our breakfast  dinner cooked for us in the villa. as a way of compensation they offered us a free massage! i was really gutted that this happened to us on our honeymoon  would warn other potential customers to be careful!  
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>aya2008
<Content>didn't meet expectation We chose this place after getting almost no response from any other villas during the peak season last July. Everything went well except for some breakfast issue we had on the second day and some problem on the last day. Take note of this, you have to fill in the breakfast form and give it to the hotel everyday or nothing will come for you the next morning. The staff was trying hard to be friendly but unfortunately they were not efficient enough. They didn't explain to us about the breakfast arrangement. Also, on the last day of our three-night stay, they made me open my luggage to return used plastic bottles of shampoo and soap! It was embarassing because we thought they were hotel amenities that you can take, surely we had no intention of stealing them! I have stayed in many hotels and never had this problem anywhere else before, so it was quite an awkward situation. Other than that the place was beautiful, surrounded by lush garden, a typical Balinese villa with private pool. Two nice staff will cook and serve you breakfast every morning. The area is quite secluded and rather far from everywhere so renting a car is recomended if you want to stay there.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	2	3	2	2	

<Author>Stieb
<Content>Amazing A giant villa, a private pool, a sprawling outdoor area and breakfast cooked each morning in your suite? What's not to like. You'd have to spend $600+ anywhere else in the world to get pampered like this. If you like being around other people, this isn't the place for you. If you want to spend a few days literally cut off from the world in your own oasis, head on over. Only down side is a precarious walk down a narrow road to get to the main strip (although why you'd leave your villa is beyond me). We nearly fell over backwards when they walked us inside the gate. Fantastic.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>ShooAddict
<Content>Loved it! We stayed at the Aston Bhavana Villas (formerly Sesari Villas) for 7 nights and thought it was fabulous. We stayed at the Padma in a deluxe chalet for the first 7 nights of our trip and went and looked at Aston Bhavana Villas on the second day to make sure it was ok. We wanted to move in as soon as possible 鈥?it was beautiful! I was so happy and excited and couldn鈥檛 wait to check in. I have always been a big fan of the Padma but won鈥檛 be staying there again. Why would you when you can stay at the Aston Bhavana Villas for around the same price and have privacy and all that space to yourself?! We thought the staff were lovely and it was great having someone come and cook breakfast for you every morning. Yes, the road leading to it isn鈥檛 good but it鈥檚 the same as the pavements in most areas of Bali so don鈥檛 let that put you off. It鈥檚 a 5 minute walk from the Villas up to Laksmana. Ultimo restaurant (which is fabulous) is right on the corner. Heaps of great restaurants along that strip and fantastic boutiques.It was very clean, the outdoor bathroom is beautiful. The whole place has a real calming vibe about it. When we arrived they showed us around the Villa, the stereo had Balinese music playing and it was so relaxing. We lay down on the day beds and fell asleep instantly for about 2 hours! We never take naps and didn鈥檛 feel tired as we鈥檇 already been in Bali for 7 days 鈥?but as I said, it is just so relaxing there.Only one negative 鈥?we stayed in Villa 1 which is right near the reception area. The lights are kept on all night and our bedroom wasn鈥檛 as dark as I would have liked. Next time I will be requesting a room much further away from Reception.The staff came in every night to light mosquito coils and spray the bedroom however I still got bitten while I was sleeping. That鈥檚 my fault though, next time I will put mosquito repellent on before I go to bed.I highly recommend Aston Bhavana Villas and will be staying there again!  
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>inkognito_1
<Content>Sesari Villa Just Great First off ,a GOLD STAR ,to all the staff,they were just great.We found the villa to be very clean and the breakfast ,well just staying there for that is well worth the price.About a 5 min walk to the main street ,so its rather handy to everything.I know that you will enjoy your stay ,and we will be staying there again.Geoff Telford Perth Western Australia  
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MGelder
<Content>Excellent Service, Lovely accomadation Just returned from a 7 day stay at the Sesari Bali for our honeymoon.I was bemused before i went as it had slipped down the ranks prior to going and the room reports were excellent generally. but occasionally quite damming.One thing I kept seeing get mentioned was the poor condition of the road leading to it, some saying they had to get a taxi everytime because it was so bad - what rubbish - i walked in daily with my wife in variuos levels of intoxication, and no, its not the best, but only like numerous similar roads throughout the Uk.The pavements in Seminyak high street, or lack of them are more of a problem!Bali is cheap as chips, unless you go to one of the seafront hotels, but generally a meal for two without wine is about 拢14, three course. The food is generally brilliant wherever you go.One recommendation i'd have for the Sesari on booking isask for an odd numbered room, we switched to Villa three from 12 as it lacked Sun and were glad we did. Don't get me wrong, both rooms were immaculate, but the odd ones get more sun as on opposite side of site.The staff come in every morning and cook you brakfast, then make your room, then come and remake and spray it in the evening, they are all excellent and never hang around or ask for tips. It was my partners birthday when we were out there and they gave her a bottle of wine and all the staff, even though she hadn't met some before always seemed to know our names and that it was her birthday.Some rooms we're being refitted whislt we we're there, so maybe that explains some of previous comments, but overall i struggle to fault our stay there, although i would say competition is high with similar properties, so review all first before making your final choice.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Lady74
<Content>"A true Sanctuary" We have just arrived home from a 6 day stay at the Sesari Bali. My husband and I, we stayed in a double-Villa with our friends (another couple). I have to say, that the concept was just great! Both couples had a private bedroom with a bathroom, but shared the living area and the pool in the middle. We had so much more fun toghether than we would have if we'd stayed in a hotel. We thought that it was fantastic that the breakfast was served in the villa every morning. Every evening we filled in the list and time for breakfast to be served. And, food was very nice. Above all, all staff members were extemely friendly and the service was fast. There was also a good security in place.We tried out the spa services, which were very reasonably priced and relaxing. I can absolutely recommend the 60-minute Indonesian massage. The pool was quite small, but deep, so we even played waterball. High walls between Villas make sure that your neibourghs cannot take a peak into your Villa, so the place is a real sanctuary! :)If you're looking at something different than a business hotel, this is it. And, it's even better when you can share it with your friends!! What we disliked, was the road leading to the Sesari Bali. It was in a real bad shape, but according to daily papers that's the case in many places in Indonesia.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	3	5	5	5	3	

<Author>GingGing1
<Content>Great hotel but.... There were 4 of us all girls, getting together for a girls holiday of sun, relaxation, food and of course shopping. Given the range of accommodation in Seminyak, we too were confused as to which resort to go for or choose. We were looking for a gorgeous villa with a pool, great service and good accessibility to restaurants and shops. Sesari fulfilled most of our expectations with the exception of the location. As we had no car we relied upon our feet. The villa鈥檚 are in a pretty desolate alley of Bali. It is not close to the beach at all. In addition, the roads to the hotel are horrendous which means you cannot walk anywhere and will be dependent on taxi for your full stay. We did try to walk at night with torches but this really was taking your life into your own hands as you could end up down a pot hole and not be found for a few day鈥檚. I know this is not the fault of the hotel but something really needs to be done about these roads as people will stop coming if the roads are not fixed up. You have to cab it everywhere, even to the main road.The pool was great in fact the whole room was great I have never had so much room to stay in. The bathroom was beautiful and so much space to hang my clothes, service was fantastic and friendly. If ever we needed something fixed it was done on that same day. They cooked breakfast for us each morning in the villa. It was yummy I think I tried everything on the menu and it was all good. Try the Banana and strawberry mixed juice to die for. An extra bonus we had a late check out to 6.00 pm and they allowed us to use one of the rooms (we had 2x2 villa rooms) until 09:00 pm at no extra cost.I would stay again but the road would need to be fixed first. If you could move this property to Sanur you would have the perfect holiday.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	2	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Kane73
<Content>Didn't live up to expectations! Just arrived back from an 11 day honeymoon staying at Sesari. Overall the villas were ok, but I was really hoping I'd be able to say they were great. For such a new establishment the villa we stayed in really needed some maintenance work, i.e. new paint job, pool decking restained, fix pool waterfall and clean tiling all around pool, new soap dish in shower (completely rusted) also the kitchen pretty much needs replacing as it is open air and the rain has water damaged the cupboards. The kitchen is not very hygenic and I would always wash any utensil I used with boiling water as I saw the cloths they used to wash the dishes (need I say more).... The TV reception was pretty bad and we had to get a new DVD player as our first one only played some DVD's. Satellite TV is pretty useless as most of the channels are asian so if you want TV entertainment buy some DVD's. We booked the seafood candlelight dinner in our room for the first night of our stay and it was the most dissapointing experience we had in bali. It cost approx. AUD$120- which is not cheap and everything was terrible. The meal was 30mins late and noone came to let us know what was happening. Noone lit the candles, the wine was terrible, no choice of even red or white wine and we weren't even given a wine bucket and didn't even receive the wine until after mains were served (so we didn't drink it that night), and the seafood was cold and tough, I could go on about this meal but you get the picture.Breakfast was ok, but we ate out a few times and that was when we remembered what it was like to eat a good breakfast. I mainly ordered the museli as there wasn't too much choice.On the bright side, the staff were all very friendly, the bed and pillows were really comfy. It is in a pretty good location (apart from the entrance road) as it's close to lots of eateries. We hired a scooter for most of our stay so the road wasn't too big a deal but I certainly wouldn't have wanted to walk up it at night so it's not too convenient if you want to walk out for dinner. It was fantastic having our private pool, a real highlight.I would love to say Sesari was fantastic as I looked at a lot of villas when booking our honeymoon, but unfortunately I can only say the level of accommodation is average, I would rate it 31/2 stars, and if they don't pay major attention to maintenance then it will not be a place you would want to stay at in the near future.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	4	4	-1	

<Author>rosewaters
<Content>Complete relaxation This was our first stay in a villa and we were unsure what to expect. The first 7 nights of our trip were spent at the Bali Padma then we had 3 nights at the Sesari. In hindsight I wish we had more time at the Sesari.The Villas are spectacular. Lazing by your own private pool was great. All the furniture is first class. The staff are all more than helpful. We had a late flight out and although we couldnt stay in our villa until 9pm as someone else was checking in that day, they arranged another vacant villa for us to spend the afternoon in whilst we waited for our flight (no charge).I highly recommend the candle lit dinner. Very romantic.The only negatives I have of this hotel are:1. Location: It is on a very rough road in a bit of a nowwhere area. No real problem tho as you are only a 5 min walk to many restraunts2. There are a few minor signs on wear in the outdoor areas of the villasOverall I would recommend this villa to anyone (particularly couples)  
<Date>Mar 26, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>christiancadeo
<Content>Okay but would stay somewhere else I would not stay at this villa again and you can do better at some other places in Bali. The major problems for me were:1. Accommodation 鈥?Our villa was in a state of despair with half of the lights broken and the waterfall not functioning. 2. Service 鈥?The service was extremely slow and inept at best. The hotel driver was 45 minutes late in picking us up at the airport. We tried to get them to fix our lights as half were broken and they did not fix it till literally the last day of our stay. In addition, in the process of fixing our waterfall for the pool, the maintenance guy left the water hose on for the full night as well as the gate to my villa wide open. Luckily for them, I had awaken up at about 2am and went outside to see that the pool was on the verge of overflowing because of this mistake and called them to turn it off. I could only imagine what would of happen if I did not discover this prior to the next morning. 3. Location 鈥?This villa is in a pretty desolate alley of Bali. It is not close to the beach at all. In addition, the roads to the hotel are horrendous which means you cannot walk anywhere and will be dependent on taxi for your full stay. Bottom line is I would STRONGLY suggest not staying here as the service is horrible. There are so many other villas in Bali to choose from so don鈥檛 waste your time here.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	4	1	1	1	

<Author>Vmalli
<Content>Gorgeous villas Given the range of accommodation available in Seminyak, I too, like most of you, was confused as to which resort to go in for. I was looking for a a gorgeous villa with a pool, great service, good accessibility to restaurants and privacy. And Sesari fulfills all the criterion's. Accommodation: One of the best rooms I have ever stayed in. Believe me, it's coming from a reviewer who has stayed in the likes of Ritz Carlton, Shangri - la and so on. The high walled villa has its own garden, private pool, a bedroom with poster beds, a living room, a small kitchenette and an outdoor bathroom. The garden is perfectly manicured, the pool is well maintained, the high ceiled living room is airy, the bedroom is cozy, the outdoor bathroom is awesome. To sum it up, full marks to the accommodation at Sesari.Service: People in Bali are one of the warmest. They are extremely polite and genuine. They go out of the way to make you feel special. So is the staff at Sesari. One of the best things I like about Sesari is the free airport drop and pick up. They also provide free drops to the nearby restaurants as well as to the beach. Even if you book through a third party website/agent you can e-mail them your flight details and they will provide a free pick up.Restaurants: Seminyak is home to some of the finest restaurants in the world. Living room is the best of them all. Go and catch the sunset at the bar - Kudeta. Walk along the eat street and jump into one of the many eateries. As a destination, Bali is unbelievable. It's a combination of high end accommodation, warmth of the people, fantastic food, all for a very reasonable price. Don't hesitate, just go there!!!  
<Date>Mar 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Hrlandry
<Content>Great villas, location could be better.       2 chairs  
<Date>Feb 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	2	4	4	5	3	

<Author>wis8729
<Content>Paradise Found Sesari proved to be everything it said on both it's website and on tripadvisor, a true paradise. It is located on a side street off of a main street which is nice not to be right in the hussle bussle of the touristy town of seminyak. It's really hard to capture the beauty of where sesari is located and it's grounds in photographs. I tried to take the best pictures while there but really you must be there to see and experience it's true beauty. We were at sesari for our honeymoon and upon arrival were upgraded to a two bedroom villa, villa #10, we had a huge pool and fabulous villa. The room service menu is amazing, all fresh ingredients and many options. I am still missing and craving their fabulous fruit shakes by the pool. The staff bends over backwards to make sure all of your needs are met, including the drivers. We found Seminyak to be a little more of a touristy town than Ubud and we really weren't looking to stay in such a touristy town however being at Sesari seemed to make everything seem ok. It's hard to put such a perfect place into words but take mine and the rest of the reviews on tripadvisor's word for it, this place it pretty darn nice :) Oh yeah, and well worth the price, sooo cheap, a week's stay and I think our bill came out to $800 US dollars, that included breakfast everyday, 2 massages, many orders of room service and tons of fruit shakes, can't beat that in my opinion!  
<Date>Dec 29, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>travelution
<Content>Fantastic! Have just come back from a week staying in these wonderful villas. Also a travel agent and found whilst searching for a private viilla for a much needed catch up with husband. The photos are completely accurate and this is probably one of the nicest properties I have had the pleasure of staying in.Will thoroughly recommend. Room service menu is excellent as are the cooked breakfasts. We did get confused a few times with the knocking on the door and it was the villa opposite.Staff delightful.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>tokiyala
<Content>Loved it       Bedroom  
<Date>Oct 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>JosephLosAngeles_CA
<Content>Perfect for a Real Honeymoon My new wife and I stayed at the Sesari Bali for 7 nights beginning onAugust 4. The rate that we booked included complimentary aiport transfer (a welcomed benefit after being in transit for nearly 20 hours from Los Angeles). The driver brought us bottled water and the drive took about 30 minutes through the congested and extraordinarilyconfusing roads of Denpasar and its environs.The villas is located in what is pretty clearly the new touristy partof Bali. There appears to be a large expat community in Seminyak and the myriad of high-end restaurants, charming boutiques, and several well-guarded villa complexes (like the Sesari) prove it. It is the up and coming part of Bali, however, so dwellers should be aware that stray dogs, litter and a patchwork of zoning have led to Seminyak's current identity crisis - luxurious villas sit next to empty lots or rice fields. Famiy dwellings that have been there for seemingly centuries are built near restaurants boasting modern decor. The area is truly charming and the meals in most of the restaurants were extraordinary especially for the price paid - my wife and I ate 3-4 course meals with wine (don't drink the local wine- Hatten - it tastes like chlorine) for under $20 USD per person- service and everything included.The villa complex is located approximately 100 meters from the main thoroughfare in Seminyak - so it's off the beaten path and road noiseis not a problem. The exterior is a bit fortress-like (there is an obvious concern for the appearance of security throughout the island), but you quickly enter into the main lobby which is surrounded by a moat and decorated in a modern balinese style - thinklots of cushy square pillows, straight line design, and shiny tile. Check-in was smooth (if slightly slow - maybe a 10 minute process) and we were quickly escorted to our private villa by one of the friendliest people on staff.We were shown our villa and the staff person, after a five minute tour, quickly left. The villa was spacious, had a fully functional air conditioner for the bedroom, and a large outdoor space that was warm but certainly comfortable and ideal for the August weather. The bed was comfortable, robes were provided, and the outside bathroom was really cool. The images on the official website don't do it justice and I'll try to post some images of the space if I have time- the room is awesome.The service was great. The minibar is a little expensive (as always),but they told us there was a circle k convenience store down the street for snacks and low-priced beer. The refrigerator was small andit was a bit overpacked - so much so that we broke a few bottles whenopening it. But the staff was very kind and quickly cleaned it without charges us for the product. Everyone was extremely friendly, polite, and respectful of our privacy. The room service prices were reasonable, but the food wasn't very good - so a good meal for the first night when we just wanted to fill up and go to sleep after the flight, but we didn't order it frequently. Sandwiches were the equivalent of $6 USD - so not outrageous.We has a minor problem with our plumbing and they quickly moved us into the two bedroom villa - which was even more amazing. Neither pool was heated, but the weather is so warm it's refreshing to have them be so cool. Don't count on sun bathing for too long though - each villa is surrounded by a 15 foot wall that will block the sun except during mid-day.I went into the location at length above - but tourists should be aware that the villa complex is not like a standard hotel - it's away from the business of the area, one must walk outside of the complex to do anything - but it's a very short walk and good to get the fresh air. The streets aren't paved generally, so you are walking on a dirt road. But please don't confuse lack of infrastructure and other signs of poverty as symptoms of this developing island's crime rate. My wife and I felt completely safe walking down the street and cabs are plentiful in the area. Seminyak is small enough that you shouldn't need a cab.The villa had a list of several guided tours around the island and my wife and I took one of those - on a rainy day - but the driver made the best of it. He was friendly, tried very hard to speak English (we got along fine) and courteous. The monkey forest was fun. The villa also had a book of local restaurants that it recommended - we tried several of them but my favorite was Warung Sobat - a ten minute cab ride (or if you're nice the driver might take you for a small tip) to this local establishment gets you an extensive and cheap wine list, local food, and lots of character. Watch out for themosquitoes in the bathroom though. Even with a couple of mosquito bites, the food was well worth it.Also, note that the villas does its best to eliminate the possibilityof you getting mosquito bites; they spray the room once a night and the bed has a mosquito net on it.It's probably too far of a walk to the beach to do it daily and the waves seemed to be closing out a bit too quickly and close to shore for my blood. The water was also a darker color and near some polluted fresh water pools that made it appear to be dirty although I saw many people swimming in it. Kuta was a better beach to learn to surf or to go and be in the crowd - but that beach is so touristy that Seminyak was definitely the right choice and Sesari was a great place to stay!I also got a good rate - it worked out to around $100 USD per night with a free night that I got for staying 6 nights. For a private villa in an area that was so inexpensive, it was great!  
<Date>Oct 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>Kiwigoinghome
<Content>Gorgeous!!       Swimming pool- 2 bdrm  
<Date>Sep 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ingyessence
<Content>What a magic holiday When looked at the photos for the one bedroom villa I didn't allow myself to get too excited just in case it was nothing like the pictures. As we walked in I stood in shock realising how gorgeous our villa and holiday was going to be. The room was so lovely and extremely clean and the pool.. yes a lot bigger than a plunge pool was just amazing. It was the best place I have ever experienced in bali. My husband and I like our privacy to unwind and this place exceeded our expectations.. It is maintained on a daily basis and the ever so friendly staff make the difference.. Looked fwd to the breakfast each day.. This is going to be our place to rest and enjoy Bali each time we visit.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Morsels
<Content>balmy private paradise       one bedroom villa - bedroom  
<Date>Jul 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>stenella
<Content>Beautiful, luxurious villas We found out about Sesari Bali through TripAdvisor, then contacte the place direct to book.We stayed there for 2 nights and wish we could have stayed longer. The villas are spacious and beautifully designed, in a modern Balinese style. Our villa was completely private, with their own swimming pool, indoor-outdoor bathroom, air-conditioned bedroom, and indoor-outdoor living area. It's a lovely sanctuary from the hectic streets outside. Location is great - a short walk to the shops and restaurants of Seminyak. The beach was a little further, but Sesari Bali offers a car and driver to drop you off anywhere nearby if you don't feel like walking -- the car is new and spacious, and the none of the drivers we had drove like madmen. Airport transfers were included in the price, using the same nice car and driver.The reception staff are gracious, and very helpful with booking us reservations at spas, restaurants, etc. They even recommended a money changer they trusted -- who turned out to be the only one that didn't try to cheat us during our stay.There is in-room dining service, and a well-stocked mini-bar. Prices for these were very fair -- nothing like the inflated prices you find in many hotels.The best bit was the staff came to our villa and cooked us breakfast (included in the price) each morning -- very decadent!We hope that Sesari Bali stays as beautiful, friendly, and well-maintained as it is now, because we'll definitely be returning next year.  
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Lauraballerina
<Content>Reasonably priced luxury !! After three months of trying to find the perfect hotel in Bali, I finally say this tiny little link on trip advisor which took me to the Sesari website advertising brand new luxury villas with our own pool at half price for a soft opening. This I thought was too good to be true. When I booked it direct I asked about any hidden or extra charges and there simply werent any.The Villas are just gorgeous, they really feel like your own peice of paradise and are very priviate, you can lock your door and just chill by your own pool. The service is good but takes a little getting used to, breakfast is literally served cooked and served in your villa's kitchen everyday.It's like having your own staff, by the end of the holiday we had gotten bored of the breakfast menu and would have given anything to cook our own food.The room service menu however is extensive and always extremely tasty!There isnt a lot to do in Seminyak - there are some good restaurants and the villas are about a 5 minute walk away from 'Eat street' You HAVE to go and have a drink at Ku De Ta - it is a must and is possibly THE most chilled out place in Bali - I loved sipping cocktails on sun loungers watching the sun go down over the beach. I would highly recommend Sesari Bali Villas, especially for that romantic getaway.If you have any specific questions, please feel free to email me at lauramorrison@hotmail.com.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>harryKaysersberg
<Content>merveilleux h么tel   showReview(20578932, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

