<Author>larklaw
<Content>Not very good deal for money Pool and amenities are not very nice. Rooms are cheap quality but clean. Some rooms face noisy pay parking lot so on lower floors you can hear a lot of noise.Good location and for right price will be alright. If you want a nice pool and amenities not the place to go.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	3	4	3	3	3	

<Author>kaye_511
<Content>Great location! Friendly staff! My bf and I stayed here last week from Nov 6th-9th and we were pleasantly surprised with the hotel. First of all, the location is excellent, it's 50m from Lincoln Rd. where there are lots of restaurants, shops, and bars, and about a 3 minute walk from the beach through the catwalk in front of the Ritz-Carlton. There are two pharmacies right around the corner too, CVS and Walgreens, so you can stock up on drinks and snacks before heading to the beach.The hotel itself was very clean and so was our suite. We had a regular king-bed room on the 2nd floor. The bathroom was very clean and well kept. I didn't find it small at all. It was an adequate size, but then again, I am a small person. The bedsheets and floors were clean. No complaints there.The hotel had valet service which costed $20/night which was cheaper than the lot across the street which was charging $25/night. The only issue was that we had to wait about 10 minutes for our car to arrive. It didn't bother me though, but it may bother other travelers.And lastly, the staff was very friendly and helpful with directions. We asked them where we could find map and guidebooks and they provided us with one. They helped us locate some good restaurants and gave us some good tips on where to go and what to see, and where the best beach spots are.This is a simple, budget hotel with no frills so if you're looking for bellboys and room service then this is not the hotel for you. If you want those kind of services then I would suggest going to the Delano across the street for an extra $200/night. For the amazing deal we scored (through travelzoo for $89/night) we were happy with what we got and we would definitely return if we decide to come back to Miami Beach.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Parish7534
<Content>Excellent Crest Hotel Suites Just returned from this hotel and we found it to be really good. We had booked separate single rooms and were pleasantly surprised by the cleanliness and standard of the room. The bathroom was very clean and more than adequate, beds were queen size (we had paid extra for single occupancy). Slight downside was the noisy a/c unit. The staff are very friendly and the small restaurant/cafe is really excellent for breakfast or lunch - Samantha and Virginia in there were particularly pleasant  helpful. It's a relatively small hotel with 60 + rooms with a small pool and it is located only 5 mins walk from the beach and right amongst the Lincoln Road shops/bars/restaurants.It depends what you are looking for - we were 2, 50+ yr old blokes looking for good accommodation close to the beach, bars etc., and were very happy with the hotel and it's staff. It will suit any age group other than I would say families with small kids wanting to hang around a hotel with a large pool.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Travel_Maniac08
<Content>Greatest location in SouthBeach! Amazing location! Big thumbs up for the Crest! If you are not looking for the ocean view and you do not mind not staying in Ocen Drive or Collins Ave. This is IT! The hotel is half a block from Lincoln Road, 2 blocks away from the beach, everything is at walking distance. The hotel has all the confort that you need, no luxuries though but you do not mind! They also have a nice pool and the staff has been pretty helpfull. I will definitely stay there again! Thanks for reviews! That is how I found it!  
<Date>Aug 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Chase2g1
<Content>Best kept SECRET!...Excellent Hotel!...       outside patio  
<Date>Jul 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>lana23
<Content>Great Hotel Just came back from the Crest hotel after spending memorial weekend there. The hotel is great and I have no complaints.Pros:Good locationClose to all the shops and Lincoln Road MallClean, room cleaned dailyNice pool to relax byIf you want to stay in a nice hotel and not pay a high price this is the place to be. Memorial weekend can be crazy and loud, but this hotel was close enough to all the action but far enough when it was time to relax and get away from all the crazy antics of South Beach!! Would definantly stay here again.  
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>migbreu
<Content>Great Location, Best Value For Money       From the pool, you can see Delano Hotel  
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>amrollo
<Content>Hostel on steroids...has definite potential Location is great - essence of decor in lobby and main areas is decent and interesting. Room was....like my title says hostel on steroids...beds consisted of one untucked sheet on top...no blanket...no comforter...nothing...just a plain ol' white sheet. Now, this was not a total surprise to me because I did read the other reviews so I was prepared and did request extra blankets...which were in the closet when we arrived...two different ones...one was a nasty old polyester one that looked like the one I had on my bed in the 70's and it had a visible stain...the other was a white cotton one...which I used out of desperation. I slept with my shirt on the pillow to get my mind off the stained pillow under the pillow case. I was traveling for business and needed to keep the $ in check. If I were with my husband I would have changed hotels in a heartbeat if I could have found something reasonable. This is not a place you want to spend much time hanging out.Location - great...near convention center, Delano and Lincoln Street Mall. I'm all about fashion but...make sure your fashionable shoes are comfortable too.Staff - When we arrived, there was one young man working the desk who looked a bit like he picked up his logo golf shirt off the floor and came in from a late night out. He was nice enough but for first impression...made me a little uneasy. He left us at the counter at least 3 times going upstairs....we joked whether he was installing the camera in our room ;-) . Housekeeping - Well...they don't really replenish toiletries and even though there were 2 of us in the room, they only had 1 face cloth and none after the 2nd day. One towel for each of us and terrible tissues. Cleanliness...it was okay...glad I had my slippers. I was suspect the entire time I was there.I'm accustomed to staying in pretty decent hotels and inns and I really would probably not ever stay here again and I would only recommend it for young single people who just want to party and have a place to lay their heads down late night!As far as potential - they are missing the boat - this COULD be a great place. They need to stop cutting corners...simply a decorative throw or blanket on the end of the bed would be an improvement. Someone who has attention to detail needs to get involved. I truly believe there could be a balance of affordability and attention to detail to easily bump this hotel up a star or two.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	2	3	2	2	2	-1	

<Author>hotelnose
<Content>more like boutique motel We were in a non-smoking room that reeked of smoke, and when we asked to change rooms they front desk was too busy to get back to us. If you are into heavenly beds, this is NOT the place for you鈥here is no down comforter, or comforter at all for that matter, just a sheet and a blanket. The blanket did not look clean鈥t actually had a booger on it. Yikes! It was kind of like a glorified and expensive dorm room鈥uring peak season we were charged over 200 per night. We still can't figure out how Fisher Island recommended this to wedding guests.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	1	1	1	

<Author>JuniorAK
<Content>always get a great deal here for me, this hotel is great. ive been here twice and theyve given me great deals. this last trip i showed up at midnite, they gave me a suite for only $100 ($50 below normal rate). plus checking out late was no issue. they will hold your bags at the front desk while you sightsee as well.the hotel is located about 5min walk from the beach, and 2min walk from the main shopping area which also has tons of clubs, bars, and good restaurants. the hotel staff is very nice, and the hotel is in good upkeep. there is no breakfast but there is a small restaurant at the bottom floor if you want to catch some eats. also at nite they play a little music, but the bar scene is pretty dead. there is a small pool, but ive never seen anyone in it, it looks clean though. the elevator seems to be eternally broken so get ready to climb the stairs, rooms near the exits can get noisy as ppl come in during all hours of the day with their flip flops pounding against the tile floors.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	5	3	

<Author>wmcwallace
<Content>This hotel is horrible This was one of the worst hotels i've ever stayed at. There was no internet access, i asked for wakeup call that never came, the conceirge did not even know where a decent restaurant in the area was...isn't that his job?? I would never stay her again in a million years.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	2	3	1	1	1	

<Author>cmcn
<Content>Good view of the homeless The last 2 days of my trip I needed a hotel quickly and being unfamiliar with the area I looked online at Frommers reviews. The Crest was recommended as a best kept secret. I paid $144 for a second floor suite. I did not expect an ocean view but I did not expect what I got. My view was the alley (from both my windows) and it was always full of the homeless, eating and sleeping. The staff was friendly and the rooms were clean but knowing that there were homeless outside my windows just gave me an unsafe feeling especially since I was traveling with my daughter.The hotel is close to the beach, but on the 2 block walk there and the beach itself were a number of homeless. I went to see the sunrise at 6:30 and found numerous individuals sleeping, dressing, bathing in the ocean. I got to witness nudity as well as the sunrise.I feel I overpaid the Crest for this experience. Location and view were the major problems.I did not have this experience in the first hotel I stayed the first 4 days of my trip.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	1	3	4	3	1	

<Author>TallT
<Content>Great Place       Front Desk  
<Date>Jul 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>oakelm
<Content>Great hotel for the money We paid $75/night on a Travelocity special. The rooms were big enough and very clean. Great location - quiet street, but a half block from CVS and a street full of restaurants, and two blocks from the beach. Staff was friendly and helpful. Rooms on the first floor could be noisy sometimes because of lobby noise, but others were fine. Food in cafe was pricey - we didn't try it. Elevator was TINY and not dependable.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>OHtrip2
<Content>Good location, but this place has BED BUGS!!!! I stayed at the Crest for just one night and then the next morning had little tiny red bites all over my legs consistent with bed bugs - GROSS!! DO NOT stay here unless you want to get bitten and possibly bring home bed bugs in your luggage!!! Disgusting.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	4	1	2	3	-1	

<Author>cgaston86
<Content>Perfect Stay I have no complaints about the Crest Hotel. Location was great and everything was within walking didtance. Rooms were nicley sized and the staff were very friendly. I would absolutley recommend this hotel and I will plan on staying here again!  
<Date>Jun 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>dranders
<Content>The Crest Hotel is a wonderful place to stay I stayed at the Crest Hotel and Suites during the busy memorial weekend holiday,and had a fantastic stay! Me and 3 girlfriends stayed in the deluxe double studio suite. It was very spacious, and the perfect accommodate for a classy group of young women. The staff was extremely friendly and very helpful, and the maid service was immaculate. We say no roaches/bugs, and the rooms were cleaned to a t daily. We asked for fresh towels a few times a day, and the response was always very fast. The location is also great, close enough to all of the action, but far away enough that we could avoid the hustle/bustle of busy Collins Ave and the crowds. I would highly recommend the Crest to anyone looking for a very nice and affordable place to stay in South Beach!!  
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>FranciscoSalgueiro
<Content>GREAT location! Great Location. A few meters away from Licoln Road (to be precise 35 meters). A 3 minute walk distance from the beach.Very friendly staff. Very clean rooms. No roaches in miles. Free wifi. Free daily newspapers. Fantastic price.Would return here again and again.  
<Date>May 21, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Ilovethesun10
<Content>Ok My boyfriend and I stayed at this hotel a few months ago. The room was a decent size with a nice closet. The major complaints we had were the very small bathroom, no frig and hallway noise. The hallway on the first floor was hardwood so everytime a girl walked by in heels it was SO loud. They really should put a rug down. The location is very close to Lincoln Rd. Room was clean.  
<Date>May 6, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>betty456
<Content>Crest Suites Miami Beach This hotel was ideally located - one block to beach, Lincoln Road. For the price of $125/night, we had no complaints. Rooms are basic, bathroom even smaller, but not an issue while there for a weekend. Front desk friendly, some metered parking out front on James Ave, lot across the stret is $30/night.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	3	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>rockies475
<Content>Great Location My wife and I just returned from a stay in South Beach Miami. We chose the Crest Hotel from the previous reviews on tripadvisor. We were very pleased with the hotel. The room was very nice and clean, the service was very accomodating. We needed an extra blanket and had one within minutes. When we needed fax service while we were there, we were able to receive and send a fax via the hotels fax machine for no charge. The location could not be any better. It is within a block of Lincoln street shopping and dining , and a block and a half from the beach The only negative is that there is no parking available at the hotel. There is a parking lot across the street but they charge by the hour. We were able to use the valet service from the hotel next door and had our car parked for $25.00 for 24 hours. You could get your car whenever you needed it but we never needed it as everything is within walking distance. Overall it was very nice and reasonably priced for the area.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>SUMPS
<Content>Not impressed We stayed here on a business trip from 14 - 18 February 2007. The rooms are adequate and clean. Hairdryer and ironing board provided. There are no in-room tea/coffee facilities. There is a cafe attached to the hotel but its opening hours were a bit erratic - supposedly opening 8- 4 but not open on time a couple of days. No facilities to get a drink outside these times.The pool was small and seemed to be shaded most of the day. It was chiily when we were there (55F) and the concierge was unable to supply additional blankets.Very convenient for Miami Convention Centre and beach but would probably not choose to stay here again. Website very stylish but not a great represntation of the hotel, really. Makes it look better than it is.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>bethnk
<Content>dont do it unless u have 2 dont stay here unless you have to . the blankets were dirty....stains everywhere and that wasnt the only reason i had a bad stay. thin walls and loud sounds coming from all directions left me awake and wishing i had slept anywhere else.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>FarmAnimal
<Content>Nice out of the way hotel This is a hotel we found after the Whitelaw Hotel cancel our reservation. It's a hotel that is much quieter than the hotels on the strip and is a little bit cheaper. The elevator is scary small, but the place is clean and spartan. It's close to South beach and a great way to save a few dollars. Several nearby eating plavces, but not very upscale.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>eatslikejailewis
<Content>Good Value I stayed in the Crest Hotel for two nights over a weekend. The location was great and the room was spartan but clean. I was a bit disappointed that I had specifically called the hotel a few weeks before staying to verify that they had cots available but when I requested one I was told that they did not have any. Perhaps they were just all in use? We did have some ants in the bathroom but I get the feeling this is a continual battle in that kind of climate. I would have to rate our overall stay as average for these reasons but value wise ($155/night) it can't be beat.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	2	2	-1	

<Author>saskatchewantraveler
<Content>great location, comfortable, and clean I stayed at the Crest Hotel Suites while attending a conference at the Miami Beach Convention Centre. The location could not be beat. The hotel is a block and a half to the convention centre, same distance to the beach, and a half a block to Lincoln road (great for restaurants and shopping). The location was surprisingly quiet for being so close to a busy street. Just in case of noise, we kept the room fan on at night, which kept the temperature comfortable and muffeled any outside noise there may have been. We heard some hallway noise, but nothing from the rooms beside us (also filled with conference attendees).The hotel itself was very clean (room was cleaned very well everyday, while we were out). The staff were very friendly and accomodating. They called us cabs and gave directions when we needed them. We had a little trouble with the temperature of our shower and they fixed it the same day we told them about it. I stayed in a double studio suite with one of my collegues. It was a perfect set up for us, with full kitchenette, including fridge, stove, microwave, dishes, and coffee maker (bring your own coffee). There was a livingroom area divided from a sleeping area, and a typical hotel bathroom. Another collegue had a regular room, that was very small, with a tiny bathroom. Again, she was happy there on her own, but would have found it cramped if she had shared the room. The rooms have recently been updated and beds were very comfortable. There are blankets in the wardrobe. There was free internet access in the Lobby. We were very happy to have stayed at the Crest Hotel Suites and would highly recommend it to people wanting to be close to the convention centre or Licoln Road.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>IzzyBea
<Content>Perfect location and a clean, safe hotel The Crest Hotel Suites was a nice, if spartan, hotel that I would recommend and return to without hesitation. It was certainly not a dive, as a previous reviewer stated. It was very clean, safe, FABULOUSLY located, quiet, and reasonably priced. We paid $150/night for a small room with two comfortable double beds and a very clean, but very small bathroom. We stayed in a standard room, not a suite, and did not have a refrigerator or microwave in our room. We were on the 2nd floor and stayed at the hotel Nov. 27-28, 2006The hotel staff was very friendly, helpful, efficient and professional, particularly Thiago at the front desk. The employees we met were bilingual. The hotel has a pool that we did not use or need. It is located on ground level and is shaded by the hotel building at times. Thus, it may not be your best sun-bathing spot. However, the beach is just one block away, where you can sunbathe to your heart's content. Beach lounges are available for rent on South Beach. The location, in fact, may be the best reason to book into the Crest. It can't be beat. You will not need a car. You can walk anywhere you want to be - beach, shopping, terrific restaurants, the best nightclubs. Yet, it is remarkably quiet at the hotel. There is a CVS and Walgreens less than a block away for any inexpensive items you may need (soda, snacks, sunscreen, toiletries, etc), and probably more than 100 shops and restaurants within a 1 mile radius of the hotel.If you do have a car (we did), you may park it across the street in a safe lot for an additional fee which is not included in the room fee. This was $20 for 24 hours. We never moved the car as it wasn't needed. The hotel has a small restaurant, which we did not visit, because there were so many other wonderful choices nearby. We ate dinner at Sushi Siam (terrific) on Lincoln, a 5-minute walk, and breakfast outside at the highly-recommended News Cafe on Ocean Drive, a 10-minute walk worth every step.The hotel next door, The Albion, looks a bit more upscale than the Crest, but I did not see the rooms. That hotel is about $25-$50 more a night. Its pool is larger and rooftop (eliminating the shade factor). The Ritz Carlton is one block away and is $300 more a night (starting rates were $450/night for the same dates as our stay at the Crest.). We booked our room at the Crest through its website at crestgrouphotels. We also had to call the hotel to change our reservation, which we were able to do. However, do note that the hotel has a strict 72-hour cancelation policy. This hotel was perfect for what we wanted and was a good value. I recommend it.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>justgazin
<Content>What a DIVE! The best thing I can say about this hotel is that it was pretty centrally located. Reading the other descriptions, I wonder how this could be the same hotel we stayed in. There were six of us at this hotel for four nights. We had three separate rooms. The first day we watched a roach walk along the hallway to our rooms. The beds were NOT good (as someone mentioned). They squeaked, and were thin, and soft. The rooms were exceedingly small, and the bathrooms even smaller. Only one person could fit in our bathroom at one time. The shower was so small that there was no way to even bendover in it. The bathroom was very simply remodeled with tile and a new sink..But the faucet was so close to the back of the sink, that it was hard to wash one's hands. The noise level from the restaurant next door..or whatever that was..kept us up at night. In one of the other rooms that two of our group was staying in, they could hear cats crying outside. at night. There is one very, very small elevator that sometimes didn't work. The staff working there seemed nice. That was a plus. tHowever, we all couldn't get over just how cheap the rooms were. Even the towels were small and rough. The outside of the hotel looks fine, and the lobby is okay too, but the rooms are the worst we've ever stayed in. This should not be rated as a three star. If this is what three stars are like in Miami Beach, , I hate to see what a two star would be like! As to the hotel being called a Suite Hotel, none of us could figure how they can get away with that title. The rooms were way to small to fit anything but a bed and a very small table. There was a decent closet in the room. I usually do not write reviews, but I just felt I had to let people know about this one! If you don't care about anything but just having a place to sleep, this hotel would be okay..But the rooms are really not up to what one would expect in a three star hotel.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	4	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>cancunfan
<Content>Good location, value for money This hotel is in a great location just off Lincoln Road and 2 blocks from South Beach.The hotel itself is clean and very modern even though its an art deco building. I think it has recently been modernised. We stayed in suites which were great with the biggest bed ever and a sofa bed in the living room which was seperated by a wardrobe with a telly which spun to be viewed from both the bedrom and living room. The small restaurant in the hotel is very expensive and doesn't offer very much so I would advise eating out in the many local restaurants.The swimming pool is tiny but there is no need for one when the beach is so close and beautiful. All in all I would say this hotel is excellent value for money, its of a high enough standard for a short stay.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>QueenHelly
<Content>Great Time My friend and I stayed at the Crest over July 4th weekend. We went to relax, sunbathe and party. The Crest was excellent. We stayed in a suite, not a standard room. The room was on the 2nd floor overlooking the pool. I think it was room 601, but I'm not sure. The room was perfect for the 2 of us. It had a full kitchenette with stove/fridge/sink/microwave as well as dishes and silverware. There was a livingroom area with a fold out couch and a table with 2 chairs. The bedroom had a very comfortable king bed and big closet with drawers built in. The closet served as a room divider between the living room and bedroom. There was a 19 inch television that was on a swivel in a cut-out built into the closet so that you can watch it in the living room or turn it to watch tv in the bedroom. I saw no ants and have no complaints about the suite. I never saw the standard room but I recommend the suite for sure. The only complaint i have about the room is that there was no stereo/cd player, but I had travel speakers for the beach so we just hooked that up to the iPod whenever we wanted tunes. The pool is not huge but it was perfectly acceptable. The area is good because you can get supplies at walgreens and Lincoln Rd is down the block. There's a great cuban restaurant around the corner on Collins ave. I would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>fun_in_miami
<Content>Perfectly doable... My sisters and I (all of us above 27 years of age) stayed at the Crest for a weekend gettaway. We did not spend too much time in the room, and skipped the pool entirely. We also avoided the restaurant based on other users' reviews, tending to go out to eat at places like La Sandwicherie (14th and Washington--highly recommended) and Jerry's Diner. We had a few ants in our room as noted in other reviews, but they were really nothing to write home about. Our space was small, but not lacking. The beds were comfortable and the room was pretty well cleaned. You could hear people outside walking by, but once again we spent little time in the room. For the price and the location I may try Crest again. I wouldn't be scared to, but I'd like to find something maybe a little more ameanable for not much more.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	5	3	-1	

<Author>bloggs047
<Content>Clean, peaceful and great location I stayed at the Crest with my boyfriend in May 2006. Our room was very clean, with a huge bed which was extremely comfortable. The bathroom was a nice size and also very clean. The maid service was excellent - they cleaned and tidied our room every day to very good standards. The room was also nice and quiet, so easy to relax in after a hard days sunbathing and nice to get ready in to go out to all the bars/clubs!!The location was great, just off Lincoln Road, a block from the beach, and car parking directly opposite. I wouldn't go so far as to give the Crest an 'excellent' rating as it is still quite basic in terms of its look and facilities. However, having stayed in a horrific hotel further down Collins Avenue for a few days earlier in the holiday, which cost a whole lot more, it was such a relief to stay at the Crest hotel which had good sized rooms, that were clean, quiet and comfortable.I would definitely be happy to stay at the Crest again and would recommend it to everyone.  
<Date>May 30, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>bestbuyer
<Content>Lovely Room - Clean and organized It was one of the most pleasent staying. I have stayed in others places around Miami. But nothing like this. This place is very confortable and clean. The most important part is : the frontdesk team.They are very kind, receptive and serious. The only thing: the crest cafe is so poor, there are no big options on the menu. The negative point is: no garage place available. But you can use the municipal parking , just two blocks away. I'm very glad to be a guest at the Crest hotel.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Contemporary Elegance We really enjoyed our stay at this hotel. It is only one block from the beach and in the heart of everything else there is to do in South Beach. Very clean room with kitchenette on 3rd level facing the street. The elevators are tiny and you have to pay $25 per day to park across the street from the hotel.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>such a great surprise!!! We were worried about staying at the Crest after some crappy reviews - nevertheless, we decided to book b/c the price and location were great. We're so glad we did!! for 2 double beds we only spent 175$ a night, and the location was PERFECT. the staff was a tad clueless but really nice in any case. the room was GREAT! the beds were small (a sobe staple i think) but we had a full kitchen, cable, and clean linen every night. one gripe: the overhead lamp didn't work, so we ignored it, haha. Whoever complained about the pool needs to get a life - there was a handful of small leaves on the bottom, NOT a big deal. we were really glad we stayed there, and would recommend to friends.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>JKabo
<Content>Great location, clean  My boyfriend and I (40s and 50s) stayed at the Crest Hotel for four nights in mid-February. We were happy with our choice.The location is terrific, right off Lincoln Road and two blocks from the beach. The decor is simple but with a bit of style; someone was doing a fashion shoot in the lobby.The room was not large and it had a view of a hedge, and the bathroom was very small, but the room was clean and very comfortable. We slept great, even considering what we found to be the biggest problem: the walls are very thin, at least in the wing where we stayed.We didn't use the pool, but it looked OK--it had a few leaves in it, but it didn't look dirty. The staff was fine, and the one breakfast we had in the cafe was pretty good.The parking lot across the street cost us $20 overnight, but because we rented a car for only one day it was a good deal--cheaper to pay for parking  return the car at the airport than take a shuttle or taxi to the airport.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ZahraLosAngeles
<Content>Never Again!! Are you kidding me? It is NOT an art deco hotel- nor a three star hotel. My boyfriend and I went there to celebrate his Birthday at a nice, cute boutique hotel. No.The lobby was ok. We had to carry our suitcases up a flight of stairs, since the elevator was tiny and looked like a freight elevator. The room looked like a TINY motel room. The AC was very loud, and the bed did not have a comforter. And when we sat on the bed it squeaked! And you call that a pool? It was covered with leaves!!!We checked out the same day, after we saw the room. They were nice about letting us check out without paying anything. We went next door to Albion. It was really nice. A bit more expensive, but worth it. And the location highly recommended.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>VinodV7
<Content>Excellent location            
<Date>Jan 17, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not bad but be careful First, the good. The location of this hotel can't be beat and the prices are generally reasonable. Now, the so-so. The rooms are sparsely equipped (no shampoo, tiny little soaps, not enough towels) but this isn't a huge problem if you lower your expectations. (There is a CVS across the street if you want to pick up your own toiletries.) The front-desk staff isn't particularly friendly but they aren't particularly rude either -- for the most part they look bored. The walls between rooms are paper-thin, which isn't a bad thing if you enjoy listening to the couple next door making passionate love (which our neighbors did THREE times over two days -- they must not be married!). Now, the bad. Protect your personal information at this hotel. They took a photocopy of my credit card and passport, which isn't good. The front desk guy misinterpreted the waiver you have to sign at check-in -- it says they can copy your photo ID and take a valid credit card but it doesn't say they can make a copy of the credit card. You shouldn't let a stranger keep a copy of your photo ID, credit card and home address/telephone!!!  
<Date>Nov 30, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Thank you Andres  The place is really well located, and nicely arranged. But the most important part of the holiday in that hotel was Andres, one person of the hotel staff who made it really pleasant. A very professional, and with an agreable smile, person who knows how to deal with anything with rapidity, and perfect response.Thank you ANDRES!!!!! I will come back to the crest!  
<Date>Nov 2, 2005
<Rating>5	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Its cheap...but not that bad. I was unsure about staying in this hotel, due to all the dicy reviews, but i booked it anyway and I am still glad I did.Myself and two girlfriends from San Francsico stayed here from Aug 17-22nd 2005. And I admit we were a little dissapointed. One, the rooms are very small. And when you have to share it with 2 girls that take at least and hour each to get ready..its even smaller. Other than that it was fine.but you can't beat the location, right in the middle of everything and close to the beach.The pool was a [-] hole, leaves and whatnot in it. But you are less than 2 blocks from the beach so who cares. The Albion next to the Crest was beautiful and had a great pool (it was our second choice and I do wish we went with it instead, but oh well) so if you want a nice pool and fair price stay there. We also had all if not the same troubles that are listed on this site...read below to see how we deal with it and you'll have a good time at the crest.I can see how some people had trouble with the desk help. We are from SF, and have a different level of expectation when it comes to customer service not to mention vibe. But people, this is Miami and every single person there from the homeless to the yuppies has an attitude so you just have to deal with it. Diffuse the situation like we did. Chat it up with the desk people and be friendly and flirt to anyone whome you may want something from later. We did and found out a lot about them. Like the fact that there are only 3 of them (from Brazil) and they work 12 hour shifts 6 days a week and sometimes seven. I don't know how the labor laws work in FL but that would fly here in Ca. We were able to get extra towels, check out later at 2:00 PM (and only because the hotel was not ful), get directions, and basicaly made a temporary friend behind the desk who could hook us up. Yes, there were only sheets on the bed, but we asked for blankets and got them. True, the bar and cafe (which we never went to anyway) has weird hours, but there is a whole damn city to eat and get drinks at.All in all it is moderetly priced for Sobe. But the location is killer!! If you are goin with you family and need extra attention and high expectations, don't stay there. If you are young, fun, and going to have a crazy time (like us) then stay at the crest.PS. The Crest was also in my opinion gay friendly. With a few cute Brazilian gay boys behind the desk. So fella's if your gaydar is going off throw a smile and a wink around...like so often in life..it will get you far!  
<Date>Sep 21, 2005
<Rating>4	3	2	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Too Much Attitude for So Poor Skills We went to the Crest trusting the Expedia informations/pictures and we found:A room with no shower curtain, no blankets, terrible black out (awake at 7 o'clock due to the sun light)Dirty carpets, dirty swiming poolBut the worst was undoubtely the morning desk representative (long hair young man) his poor attitude arrogance and complet lack of skill make us wondering why we were forced to deal with people like that, and definatelly leads us to decide NEVER TO COME BACK to the CRESTWe must however congratulate, the ANDRES the night desk representative for his great work his professional capacity to deal with problems and solve them, he made us stay for the time we book (otherwise we would leave the hotel the very same day we arrived)  
<Date>Aug 15, 2005
<Rating>1	3	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>terrible service a rip off! motel not hotel this hotel does not supply you with most important amenities.There was 1 washcloth to a suite,no blankets at all.We had to purchase our own washcloths/towels.Management would not reimburse us.It took 5 days before we could speak with management.This was the worst stay ever.Then to top it off the hotel charged our creditcards twice for 500.00 and also for 400.00 with out our knowledge or permission.The hotel has a bad smell,carpat has not been cleaned since hotel has opened.There is a crack in the bottom of pool one our children cut there foot. restaurant only open mon-fri 9am-2pm.The hotel manager would not let us store our luggage after check-out.I have stayed at 5 hotels this being the worst.PLEASE DO NOT GIVE THIS HOTEL ANY BUSINESS!  
<Date>Jul 22, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Stay During the American Black Film Festival I had a great stay at the Creat Hotel this weekend. The reviews on this hotel seem to be poor in 2004 and great 2005. I believe they changed management. Well that is good because the hotel was great for the price. We payed $110 for a studio suite overlooking the pool. Now, the hotel doesn't provide you with a lot of ammenities. However, for the price, what was offered was adequate. The bed in the living area folded out into a full size bed. There was ample closet and draw space. The bathrooms were spacious enough for two people. Plenty of towels were available. Most of all, everything was very clean!!! The TV even had HBO and SHowtime. Not noisy at all.Best of all the hotel is in walking distance to all the great clubs and two blocks from the beach.The lobby has wireless internet for a fee of $7 a day. I would recommend putting it in the room. There is no room service however there is a cafe downstairs that is fantastic and inexpensive. We had a lasgna with a salad, veggies, and a drink for $8. It was delicious and far from Ocean Dr. prices. The talapia , fries and a drink for $7 was also good. Breakfast was even cheaper.If you have a lot of bags ask the attendant to help you upstairs with them. No big deal if you do not want to travel on the elevator. iOverall this is a great hotel in the art deco district right off Lincoln road on James. You can not beat the location. I travel to SoFl a lot and always stay in SoBe. I have to tell you that this is one of the best boutique hotels and I have stayed in more than my share.I will return if I get a similar price.The staff was very courteous and helpful.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pleasantly Surprised! I stayed at the crest suites 7/13 - 7/17 and was very pleased. The location was ideal for me and since the reviews were mixed I decided to take a chance.The Hotel - Very clean and quaint. Nice sitting area inside and out. The desk manager was extremely nice and accommodating. (And I loved his french accent)The Room- We booked a studio with a kitchenette At first they put us in a studio without a kitchenette, (rm 202) but I thought that room was nice. It had a separate bedroom, 1-1/2 bathrooms, a closet, plus a large dresser and a king size bed along with a pull out sofa and 2 TVs, very good space compared to the closets I have seen disguised as hotel rooms out in S. Beach... We just really wanted a kitchen or we would have stayed put. As soon as I informed the desk manager that we were in the wrong room (which was at 3:30am our flight was 4 hours delayed) he immediately put us a in different room no questions asked and apologized for the mix up. The room they put us in (rm. 602) was the same as the other, except that it only had one bathroom and a queen size bed instead of a king and we of course had the kitchenette. We also had extra pillows and blankets already in the room which worked for me since my husband likes the room colder than me and I always end up needing extra covers.The Staff - Really didn't see a staff, but because of the reviews about the maids coming to clean early in the morning, we put the DND sign out every night, and when we left we took it off the door. When we returned, our room was clean EVERYTIME. Even when we were only gone for an hour. As if they knew we had left and immediately went to clean for us. Now if you are a picky person this hotel is not for you. It is clearly an older hotel and has yet to be updated, but it is clean, it feels safe and the location is right off of Lincoln Road and walking distance to EVERYTHING. The carpet is a little warn and the mattress in my opinion had about 2 years tops left on it before it needed to be replaced, but it was still comfortable. There were no pots or pans in the kitchen to cook with but there were dishes, eating utensils and a can opener. There was no view from our room (AND??? SO WHAT! WE WERE IN SOUTH BEACH!) but I didn't care about a view. My husband walked along the beach at night and got the most beautiful view of the sky, unobstructed. Other than that everything else was cool. The pool was small (again we're in South Beach! who cares), but it went up to 6 ft. which was unusual but nice. I never ate at the restaurant so I don't know how it was, there was an internet connection in the lobby, but you needed your own laptop, LOL!As long as you don't pay more than 200 a night, you should be pleased. The next time I go back to S. beach I will be staying at this hotel if I can.P.S. If you are going down with 3-4 people, book a double studio and everyone will be comfy and you will save a ton of money if you book it for less than 200.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>msshortee
<Content>Loved the Crest, no major complaints! I stayed here with my friends for the Memorial Day weekend (May 27-30). We were allowed to check in at 1:15, even though check-in time is 2:00. The young gentleman checking us in was somewhat rude to us, especially when explaining that if the hotel deposit is paid in cash, the cost is $50 per night, and the money is sent to you by mail after you check out. His attitude improved slightly, and by the time we went to our room and came back, someone else was working the front desk (we never saw that gentleman again during our stay). The room was somewhat small, but that is expected of South Beach hotels. The bathroom was tiny, but manageable. Our AC was not working the first night, and the maintenance man was quick to replace it by the time we came back from our first night out. The pool was nice and clean; it was a real treat, considering most South Beach hotels don't have pools. The cleaning service was exceptional, and the staff was really friendly and kind (with the exception of the gentleman checking us in). When we checked out, we were allowed to lock our belongings in a small room since our flight didn't leave until 6:00 pm. Check-out time was noon, but we were told that we could pay an extra $50 and check out later if we chose to. I would easily recommend this hotel to anyone who doesn't need luxurious items to get by, and I'm definitely staying there again next year!  
<Date>May 31, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It really depends on the room I now understand why all the reviews of this place are so schizoid -- either folks really liked it or really disliked it, no middle ground. As always, it depends on the quality of your own room/experience, and apparently at the Crest, the quality can really vary.We were lucky. My mom  I stayed here during the middle of the 2nd week in April, right after high season had ended. We had the 1-bedroom suite (the largest room) for $155/night (plus $20 tax per night). The parking lot across the street charged us $15/day for 24hr access. No other charges (except when I lost the room key -- they charged a $10 fee, which pleasantly surprised me since it was lower than I expected).Our suite was just the right size, and larger than I expected after hearing so many stories about small South Beach hotel rooms. The main room had a sofabed, a TV, a sitting chair, a dining table with 4 chairs, and a kitchen nook with fridge, microwave, coffee maker, and limited dishes and silverware (no pots or pans). This was useful, since we ate breakfast and leftovers in the rooms. Both the bedroom and the bathroom were the right size. Our particular room, since it was on the corner of the building, had lots of windows and got lots of light. And since it was at the back, it was quiet. The furnishings in the rooms and the lobby are simple, but that was fine with us since that's what we like.The one small problem we had was in getting a blanket. I had to ask twice. The second time, the front-desk clerk didn't have anyone who could get one, so he gave me the keys to two rooms so that I could get one myself. This didn't bother me, since I don't like being waited on anyway, but this might be an issue for some people. Both of the rooms that he sent me to were unmade, and their furnishings seemed to be a tad shabbier than the room we were in. Plus, I guess it might be an issue for some people that I was told to get a blanket from an unmade room, but again, this didn't bother me.I was also a little bugged that the gate for the wheelchair entrance was usually locked. This was a bit of an inconvenience since my mom doesn't walk too well. Also, the cafe wasn't open on weekdays, I guess since the season was over. And it's true, the pool is chilly since it's in the shade most of the day.Still, overall, my mom  I both like the hotel a lot, which is saying something since we have very different tastes. It's a clean and attractive place, with a nice front porch and a nicely landscaped walkway separating the two buildings that make up the hotel. The location is excellent if, like us, you're looking for a place away from the crowds but still relatively convenient. James Avenue is quiet since it's only 3 blocks long and it's not a through street. And the hotel is only a short walk from the beach and Lincoln Road Mall.My main advice would be to ask for an interior room overlooking the walkway that separates the hotel's two buildings, at least if you want to be sure that you're getting a quiet room.We would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>May 13, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Migz
<Content>Good location 5 of us girls stayed in the Crest Suite, which is a 1 bedroom with a kitchenette and sofa bed and were very comfortable! It was clean, the decor was modern and the location of the hotel was close to everything. We walked to the Delano hotel for dinner, which is a popular beautiful hotel as well. I'm not sure how reasonable the price is because we went for the Winter Music Conference when every hotel is booked, but we thought we paid a good price. There's drug stores around the corner, clubs are walking distance as well as the beach. It's on a quiet street so there isn't any traffic noise. They also have cute shops just across the street that sell cheap bikinis for $10. h----------------  
<Date>May 10, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A good stay       Crest Front View  
<Date>May 2, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>alsky
<Content>Worst Hotel Experience Ever We arrived to find the very clean but small room described by others. The air conditioning was not working. We were moved to another room. The elevator was not working. I got in the shower to get ready for dinner and could not wash my hair because the water was so hot. More importantly, I could not turn the water off. My fiance tried to turn the water off; he couldn't either. We were running late, so we told the front desk on the way out that our shower was still running because we could not turn it off. We came back after dinner to make sure that it had been fixed and the front desk guy said he had forgotten about it and then called maintenance at midnight. The maintenance guy could not turn it off either. They informed us that we would have to be moved again. We intended to go out that night since this was our only night in south beach...we wanted to have some fun! After 1.5 hours, they still had not moved us, we were just sitting in our room. I went downstairs to see what was going on and tell them that I was beginning to become annoyed. The manager was the rudest person I have ever dealt with in my life; he kept telling me I was free to leave if I had a problem. I told him I was missing my entire night in south beach, my vacation was being ruined and they were doing nothing to help. I had been waiting for them to move me (a second time) for almost two hours. He told me if I would get out of his face maybe he could help me. Finally, he offered me a new room. Except it wasn't a new room...it was the first room we were in...with the broken air conditioner. At this point, we took up his invitation to leave. We left South Beach and found a room int he middle of the night somewhere in Miami. This was the worst experience I have ever had. Any hotel can have problems but the way the management deals with it is really telling. He did nothing to accomodate us. We were paying almost $200 and he didn't care at all that our entire evening had been ruined. We sat in the room from 11:30 pm until 1:00 am (when we wanted to be out in the bars) waiting for them to find a place to put us, and then they were rude to us. I have never experienced anything like this. I would never stay here again.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2005
<Rating>1	3	2	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Rude Staff... missing personal touch Booked this hotel based on Frommer's review. Location was good. Had to park across the street at open lot for $20. The front desk person didn't know how to do anything, including check us in. He found someone else to help. I asked if we could have a late check out. He was very curt, saying checkout at noon. I asked if there was any way to have an extension. At that point he was rude, insisting that check out was never later than noon. I just wanted 15 minutes to change after a meeting. Room was fine, a bit stark, but the deco feel was appropriate and made a nice change from larger chains. Couldn't watch TV from bed. A fridge that wasn't plugged in to be cold. No coffee for the coffee maker. No amenities in the room at all. Paid nearly $200 and didn't feel like that was good value at all.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2005
<Rating>2	1	3	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>marky27
<Content>Nice little hotel for a half decent price. I stayed there 26th Feb to 4th March.Very nice hotel. Boutique style with the art deco touch.Very clean rooms and hotel in general. The bar/cafe serve the best Mojito you'll find on south beach. Reception desk staff ok but could do with smiling now and again. Probably best if you don't stay in a room which is beside the alley way as the trash carts can be pretty noisy and sometimes the noise from the Albion across from the alley can get loud.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>tampatraveler2
<Content>Great value and location...but know what you want Frequent Miami Beach visitor here who has stayed at other hotel/resort properties in the last year (Ritz Carlton, Raleigh, etc.). I decided to try a small boutique hotel near Lincoln Road for my last visit (Feb. 26-28, 2005) and found the Crest after everything else was booked that weekend. It was high season and the South Beach Wine and Food Festival was taking place---the reason for my visit.I was pleasantly surprised by the Crest Suites Hotel knowing that smaller properties on South Beach can truly be hit or miss as evidenced by reviews on this Web site.The public areas and my guest room were very, very clean. There is simplicity and style to the property furnishings...think IKEA with just a hint of Phillipe Starck. There was some wear and tear in my room (a small patch of buckled carpeting; a slightly leaning bistro table; two lamp light bulbs out--which were quickly replaced), but nothing I couldn鈥檛 get past in light of it being so clean.I had a second floor King Studio with kitchenette that faced James St. and the south alley between the Crest and the Albion Hotel. Yeah, the alley was a bit noisy during trash collection, but that was about it. If that would be an issue with you, request an inside facing room. You could also hear movement from the quests staying in the room above on the third floor. Hey...it's an old building, right?James St. is a very quiet street off of Lincoln Rd. with very little pass through traffic and only one block in each direction to the main north/south drags of Collins Ave. and Washington Ave. The Crest was RIGHT around the corner from the posh hotels and ultra lounges on the beach--Ritz Carlton, Sagamore, The National, the Delano, The Raleigh, The Shore Club, Mynt, The Townhouse, Sky Bar, Rumi...you name it. Heck, stay at the Crest, but REALLY get the South Beach experience at the bars, lobbies and pools of all the other hotels; you'll save big bucks.The little cafe downstairs was an excellent value with good food. A full breakfast for $6. Front desk service could have been a bit more cheerful, but no snafus made it easy to overlook. I got the room I wanted, when I wanted, at the rate I was quoted. The hotel offers no parking, but there is a lot across the street which I paid $50 for 48 hours with in-and-out access. I think the per-day price changes with the time of year and day-of-the-week. The great thing about South Beach? You only have to park once! I never needed a car just to stay on South beach. Everything is within walking distance or a very short cab drive away. A different story however if you wanted to travel farther afield.Overall, the Crest was an excellent value for the money in a spot that most suited my needs. If you really can't live without staying on the beach or having more hotel services or amenities, you may want to look elsewhere. I believe the Crest best suits those who want to be at the north end of the Art Deco district (practically ON Lincoln Rd.) and are more interested in shopping, nightlife, hotel-hopping, culture, and people watching than hitting the beach or hotel pool. It lends itself to a more urban experience than beach experience in my opinion.P.S. Great public access to the beach at the far eastern end of Linclon Rd. when you simply do want to see the ocean.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just right! I stayed here during a conference for 3 nights during Feb 2005, paying $145 a night. The hotel is stylish and quaint and tastefully decorated in Deco style. the lobby is nicely appointed with several reading areas and designer mags for guests. The rooms were elegantly simple. I appreciated that the TV was ceiling mounted to maximize floor space with pre-fixed max volume control levels to keep sound levels down between rooms. the walkin closet too is a nice feature!!! The bathrooms were spartan, decorated in white and very very clean!! The bed was great, and the four pillows, were outstanding!!!!!I did not have the chance to test the small pool, but it nonetheless looked clean and inviting. My only complaint was that another group of guests made an extraordinary amount of noise coming and going each morn and evening, it sounded as if they were moving crates of metal poles. Turns out they were a production crew for some resident supermodels that are regulars...i guess the noise was not that bad....I will come back here again....  
<Date>Feb 7, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Yes...Bad management After a 30 hour trip from AUSTRALIA I checked in at 11 in the evening and was given a room that a pig had just left... unmade bed.. dirty papers, towels on the floor. I was given another room.. bedside lights did not work..no globes.. bed sheets had stains.. checked out next day. Went to COURTYARD MARRIOT... cost $10 a day more ..well worth it. HOTELS customer service were very professional handling the cancellation.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2004
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>JennS78
<Content>Great deal! My boyfriend  I stayed here in May 2004 for one week. We got an amazing deal (due to a typo on their website) and got a studio suite for a standard room price. We called numerous times before arriving to ensure that we would have a suite with a king-sized bed and we did. For those looking for the Ritz, this place is not for you. It was clean  funky and one of the front desk clerks had the best info on the best places to party. The pool is very small, but there is one. The cafe downstairs is small, too, but was a good idea for breakfast  lunch. You're only 2 blocks from the beach  near all the swankier hotels, so GREAT for partying at the Delano  Shore Club. We had a great time at the Crest  while the bed was kinda hard, we partied so much that we had no trouble sleeping, no matter what time of the day! The suite was great, too, b/c the kitchen helped us stay on our budget  we were able to heat up leftovers from meals eaten out. Only complaint - chairs in the living room area aren't for lounging. They're certainly pretty, though!  
<Date>Oct 19, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>NEVER AGAIN WILL I STAY HERE!!!! What a horrible hotel. If you have two people standing in the hotel room - IT IS TOO MANY!!!! Not only did they have an elevator that was basically a flying phone booth, there is NO pop machine, NO room-service, NO coffee machine in the room, NO refridgerator, NO internet access in the room, etc. I asked for a smoking room and wasn't given one. We went for a BUSINESS breakfast at the Crest Cafe and was served 1/2 frozen microwaveable potatoes  sausage.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great value! I stayed at the Crest twice in July-2004. Being a mature, female traveling alone, it was perfect. I felt safe in the hotel and in the neighborhood(quiet) which was in walking distance to everything: beach, Lincoln Road Mall,etc. The hotel is small, clean,very cool art deco. The staff was great. Because of my flight times I arrived well before checkin on one visit and had to stay after checkout on my other visit. They let me stay in my room at NO CHARGE!.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Deco Hotel! This hotel was a great bargain and a quiet, clean, easy stay! Located on James St., one block north of Lincoln, the Crest Hotel is an easy walk to anywhere on South Beach or Miami Beach. It is not located on a busy street. It does have a pool and a cafe. The hotel is kept very clean and the employees were either mute or just very quiet and nondescript. While my friends and I were here (July 24 and 25), we did not see or hear another guest, so no complaints about noisy neighbors either! Now the rooms ARE small, but that should be EXPECTED when you book a room in a historic art deco hotel (so don't even consider other reviews who complain about space). The only downside was that the swimming pool probably should have been cleaned more often, but I didn't care much. Overall - great vintage hotel...great location/price combo.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Small and cramped, Save your money I stayed at Crest Hotel Suites for the 4th of July weekend from the 2nd to the 6th of July...I booked the room on expedia which described a suite with a kitchen unit but when I got to the hotel they claimed that the reservation was for a room with two beds and they didnt have any suites available, a little annoyed with the false advertisement, I didnt want to argue with the Front deskman so I just took the room. I was traveling with my boyfriend and two friends so I had to pay an additional $15 per person just to stay there....When I got to the room it reminded me more of a matchbox, It was very tiny and cramped. The bathroom had leak stains on the ceiling, ceramic was peeling off the tub and it came equipped with one cheap towel. The shower water did not even get hot and the water pressure was pathetic, the shower felt more like a baby sprinkler....It had two tiny beds (they were supposed to be full size but was a little bigger than a twin size) with very cheap mattresses, very uncomfortable bed, white sheets and a linen of cheap quality and a small television that was up on a television holster way up in one of the corners of the room. Besides the bed, the room had no furniture besides a tiny circle mirror that was hard to use becuase it was plastered to the wall under the television...I had one window with a view of the alley beside the hotel and the Albion Hotel next door (by the way, u want to avoid getting a room near the alley because it was very noisy!)...The pool was very tiny and always freezing cold becuase the sun does not hit the front side of the hotel..I was very disappointed in this hotel...I choose this hotel because I thought I was getting a nice suite for a good value ($165 per night), not a matchbox sized room in a poorly managed hotel..I will not ever stay here again!! My two friends decided to get their own room next door at the Albion next door and their room was marvelous and at a cheaper rate ($100 bucks)...There are also many hotels a lot cleaner , more modern. and less expensive on Collins Ave. such as the Chesterfield.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Bad Managment!!! We booked our room on the hotel's website. They confirmed the rate via email, and we called the hotel several times to make sure everything was in order. Later we saw an ad on their website that the 4th night was free (since it was the off-season) and we called to see if we could get it. They front desk was very nice about it and said they could give us the deal. We also had an early morning arrival, and the hotel also told us we could check into our room since the hotel was at minimal capacity. Then we arrived to find nothing they told us on the phone was true. They would not let us check into our room early even though the hotel was empty. They would not give us the rate we booked online because there was an extra occupancy charge for 4 people vs 2. (Which was not included on our web reservation even though we said we had 4 guests.) Lastly, they would not give us the 4th night free. After 20 minutes of haggling with the desk attendant, (the manager would not come out to clarify her position) we caved and payed more than we wanted for all 4 nights. Overall, decent place but badly managed!  
<Date>Jun 14, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pureeloquence
<Content>Wonderful Time! Six of my friends and i stayed at the Crest Hotel Suites May 6-9 . The Hotel was CLEAN and comfy. Yes the room was small but it was fine. The hotel is conveniently located on Lincoln and James close to shopping and food. 2 blocks from Ocean Drive where all of the action is and 1 block from Washington where the clubs are. The only bad thing about the hotel is the management! My friend was charged $800 yes $800 and she should've only been charged $200 he was very nasty to her when she called the hotel to have this taken care of. He threatened to hangup on her so she had to get her bank involved soo please beware of charges on credit cards!!Check-out Cheeseburger Baby on 14th and Washington?? EXCELLENT burgers..Jerry's Famous Deli is good, Front Porch Cafe on Ocean, Scandal Restaurant on Ocean amazing food! Just a wonderful time in SoBe.  
<Date>May 10, 2004
<Rating>5	3	3	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good value   showReview(1839380, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 26, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great stay before a cruise   showReview(1770002, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 8, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>No Problems Here!   showReview(1769129, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 7, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Abysmal Management and Service   showReview(1736778, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 22, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Crest- Just Right for a laid back vacation   showReview(1731712, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 19, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Crest Hotel and Suites   showReview(1727198, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 16, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rebeccabbb
<Content>Great location if you love Lincoln Rd. food and shops   showReview(1704682, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 3, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Gmax
<Content>Above average accomodations for the cost!   showReview(1661860, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 19, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DustinT12
<Content>Great for the $$$   showReview(1622029, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 30, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nmsouthwest
<Content>Wonderful Location   showReview(1519799, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 16, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>s茅jour tr茅s sympa   showReview(15575527, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 6, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hemos estado una semana. El...   showReview(16725353, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 2, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

