<Author>hulaskoot
<Content>Fun weekend at The Orlando! My friend comes into town from SF for work often and usually stays at The Orlando. On his last trip, I visited with him for the weekend and we played tourist, which was fun since the hotel is located right where everything is. We even walked across the street to a store to buy ice cream at midnight! The staff is so friendly and are always helpful. The valet guys were also helpful as we had two cars and were trying to figure out where to park the other one, etc. One day, I went to the pool area to sit outside and work on my laptop in the sun. Ahhhh..... just lovely! And, the beds are super comfortable too! I would highly recommend this property to anyone who needs to stay in LA but doesn't want to deal with a huge mega-property. It is so easy to get in/out of and I love that the whole building is wireless.  
<Date>Dec 17, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CookieWorld
<Content>Cozy, comfortable, and cool area, I will be back. The Orlando was an awesome surprise. I was in town for a couple of nights on business last minute, and my travel agent got me an affordable room at the Orlando. My stay was extremely enjoyable, and the location, (in the 3rd and beverly area) was in walking distance to the bar I was meeting friends at, and on Sunday, close to the Fairfax flee market, which was also a great plus, as finding a place in walking distance to anything in LA, can be hard to come by.  
<Date>Dec 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Persika
<Content>Do not waste money on Orlando The Orlando turned out to be a great disappointment. The hotel does not have a sign, so it took several rounds of going around the block before finding it. The staff is extremely fake when pretending to be friendly and helpful. I had to give repeated instructions to the valet guy and the bellman about their own jobs. I would say the rooms are at most 2.5stars. The TV and the alarm clock did not work and when I called the staff about it expecting someone to come up and repair it, all I got was an insincere We're sorry, we don't have anyone available to fix them. I was shocked at the level of indifference and lack of professionalism. The breakfast was at best mediocre. We were told not so sit outside because it was going to be cleaned, which turned out to be a lie to cut down work for the staff. The only good feature of this hotel is its location. But there are several other hotels in the area with far better service.At first I thought this was general LA culture but after transferring to a different hotel, I realized that the horrible service was unique to the Orlando. Do not waste your money on this hotel.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	4	2	2	1	1	

<Author>six7777
<Content>Great place to stay, AWESOME location !! Really a great place to stay.I wouldn't call it a five star hotel,it has been updated, but they cut corners in some ways.Nothing major, they just could of done a better job,it looks like they used staff or a handyman to do lights, faucets, etc. Besides that, the place is great.Friendly staff, nice rooms, super beds.I have stayed there 2 times in total.I will continue to stay there.The price is right, the valet parking is nice,and the location is the BEST.You can walk to the Grove from there, and a ton of other stuff.Alot of cool stores, and great restaurants within walking distance.Very cool.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>daveb50
<Content>soft towels and delicious chocolates The title points out my favorite things about the Orlando but I enjoyed the entire experience. It is definitely a place for those looking for a small, homey experience. The staff was friendly and helpful and everything was extremely clean. There have been some comments about the dated bathrooms but ours seemed to be newly renovated so I would suggest asking for a room with a new bath. I would call the room decor Crate and Barrel, more contemporary than traditional.Loved the neighborhood! It was within walking distance of the Farmer's Market and the streets were filled with boutiques and many small, reasonably priced restaurants.I was pleasantly surprised that it had a (small) pool and fitness center, a free computer for use in the lobby and wireless access in the lounge.All in all, a good experience.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	5	-1	4	

<Author>windycitygal
<Content>Great location but "interesting first experience I stayed at The Orlando this past weekend and echo most of the reviews that have been written -- great location, nice rooms (except bathrooms which need to be updated further) and good service. However...I was booked at the hotel last month and arrived late morning to drop off my bag then go about my day of business. When I arrived just after 9 following a business dinner and long day, I was told that because a couple of people didn't check out of the hotel, they didn't have a room for me.I was told that I had been booked in a Ramada 10 minutes away on Santa Monica Blvd. Hmmm. A Ramada on Santa Monica Blvd? This could be bad. Really bad. Turns out the room was fine and the hotel was on a decent part of SMB. Plus, The Orlando paid for the cab ride to the Ramada and paid for my room there. I've never had something like that happen to me in my career. However, it was disturbing that a man was checking into the hotel as they were wisking me out the door and into a cab. Why a room for him and not me when I was there first?Everyone deserves a second chance so I stayed there this weekend. Best part of the hotel is definitely the great proximity to shopping, both along Third Street and on Robertson.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	5	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>Jchgo972
<Content>Not what I expected I travel to LA for work once or twice a month and my usual hotel was booked so I had to find something new (not a bad thing as I like trying new hotels). I chose the Orlando as it was close to my meetings the next day and I like staying at small boutique hotels. The website is designed very well but unfortunately the hotel is not. This is essentially a refurbished hotel that is trying to be a boutique but I thought it was dark, shabby and uncomfortable. I was not expecting the Ritz Carlton but at $300 a night, a little more attention to detail and cleanliness would have been nice. The bed was uncomfortable, the bathroom was half-renovated and the entire place felt odd to me. However, I am giving it two stars as I am very picky and the front desk person when I checked in was nice...  
<Date>Sep 12, 2008
<Rating>2	1	1	4	2	4	3	-1	

<Author>VIcLovesHolidays
<Content>Great Friendly hotel in perfect location I reported before that the vallet parking was $12 per night - just checked my records and its actually $26 per night! But other wise the hotel is great, a fantastic location and good value so don't let this put you off!  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>PortabelloRoadChick
<Content>European Style in Beverly Hills So it was our son's 30th birthday last week and we were surprising him with a sumptuous surprise party. Therefore, we needed a place to stay out of his view. After much careful research only a marketing maven such as myself undergoes, I opted for the self-described small European style boutique Orlando Hotel. What a delightful gem in the middle of Beverly Hills!Arriving late into the evening, we drove up in our rental car to be greeted without any wait by friendly attendants. Upon entering, the lobby was awash in candlelight, as votives were lit on nearby tables. Check in was a breeze and before we knew it we were looking out over the surrounding area twinkling as only L.A. does.Service here, while California laid back, was excellent. We called down for extra sugar and creamer and it seemed he was waiting outside our door - it was so quick. In fact, our every request was met with courtesy and superb promptness. The room reminded me of the Swissotel in London. It was clean, modern, and with all the creature comforts including robes (heavy), slippers, in room coffee, hair dryers, and a very nice bathroom vanity which was supplied with Bulgari toiletries. The bed was plushly adorned and very comfortable and room service did a great job. In room TV is a wall mounted very large screen and local and national newspapers are available every morning. This place is intimate, modern, clean and delightful and worth every reasonable penny.Now for the best part - we booked our room at $299 a night for a king sized bed, which also included breakfast in thehotel restaurant downstairs. It's small and delicious with fresh fruits, eggs done-any-style and more. Parking was $26. Now even better - this was all in the heart of downtown Beverly Hills...so close you can walk to everything or take a very short drive to Melrose for even more fantabulous shopping which a good New York girl like me did!I highly recommend this jewel. At this price, with breakfast and reasonable parking rates, you are treated like a celebrity without the celebrity prices. Enjoy!  
<Date>Jun 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>gaudifan
<Content>Do not miss the Orlando Just returned from 3 days at the Orlando with my teenage son and husband. This is a great hotel and a fabulous location. The room is large and very comfortable, the staff very helpful. (The valet managed to have our car ready for us in minutes each time we needed it.) The location is central for getting around LA, but the real highlight is that there are many fine restauarants and stores within walking distance. Our first day we dined at a Japanese place about 4 doors away that turned out to be one of the best meals of the trip. The nearby stores were some of the most interesting I've seen anywhere. I have stayed in Century City, Beverly Hills and Santa Monica in the past, but will return to the Orlando for my next trip.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>TorontoCarol999
<Content>Perfection at The Orlando Just spent 3 days there on business and was thrilled with my stay at The Orlando. I prefer smaller boutique hotels. The room was large, the bed comfortable and came with a complimentary full breakfast. Great and fast service in the restaurant, at the front desk and also the valet. The location was perfect -- lots in the neighbourhood within walking distance including excellent restaurants and shopping. The farmers market in The Grove was a nice find. The location was also central to my business calls within the entertainment business. I will absolutely stay there the next time I'm in LA and will recommend it wholeheartedly to my colleagues and friends.  
<Date>May 18, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>PTLover
<Content>Delightful Hotel Just spent 3 nights at this hotel and would definitely recommend it to anyone wanting lovely accommodations in an excellent location, 2 blocks from the Beverly Center surrounded by several great restaurants, including Ortolan (Michelin 1 star) , cafes and boutique shops. Our room was ready on arrival on the 5th floor, which overlooked the pool, was modern, spacious and very clean. All the conveniences were included such as plasma TV, mini-bar and comfortable bedding. We slept exceedingly well-no hotel noise or street noise. The bath is small but nicely furnished with Bulgari bath items. Valet service was excellent, quick and professional. We had breakfast in the restaurant, served buffet style, all the items offered, cereals, yogurt, breads/pasties, deli meats and cheese, eggs, etcs were fresh and service was good. We encountered no problems at all and recommend this hotel for its unpretentious flair, great value and location-amazing boutique hotel that will get my business again.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>lovetravel713
<Content>Great boutique hotel I loved this hotel so much and will definately return! The bed was so comfortable. The rooms were clean and the service was fantastic. The concierge was extremely helpful. We requested to dine at various hot restaurants and he took care of it all. The area of this hotel was great. I am so happy i chose this hotel for my first visit to LA.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Coughton54
<Content>Nice, small, clean and great location Nice, small boutique style hotel with a great location for Beverly Hills and City. Only 9 miles from LAX. Clean rooms and very helpful responsive staff. Restaurant was very good and excellent selection of other restaurants with easy walking distance.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>NJNora
<Content>Snazzy and Comfortable The Orlando has real style mixed with real comfort. The rooms are large and bright with windows that open. We have stayed in 2 rooms there and both had nice seating areas and great beds. On the 3rd Street side you can see the Hollywood sign but pay for that with a bit of noise. Bathrooms are motel quality except they have very nice products. It is located in a great area with lots of restaurants and shopping. Staff were very nice and helpful. As only in LA, we saw Peter Bogdanovich catch an elevator in the lobby.  
<Date>Feb 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>LAVisitors
<Content>Love this hotel!! My husband and I have stayed at The Orlando five times in the past two years as we go to Los Angeles often to visit ourchildren. We plan several trips this coming year.We love this hotel and really look forward to our stays there! The rooms are very roomy and comfortable and quiet-- beds are greatt!! In fact, after our last visit we returned home and bought a new mattress because theirs was so comforable. We asked what it was and looked for the same brand.The staff is outstanding!! Always friendly and ready to answer questions and help. And they always seem to remember us and welcome us with a smile.The location is terrific. Close to the Beverly Center and the Grove but on a quiet side street off Third Street. Lots of good restaurants within walking distance. And great shopping too. We love the European buffet breakfast which is a realtreat and very unusual, and, again, the staff here is friendly and we enjoy visiting  with them.We have never used the pool but it is a nice extra. It's a quiet little oasis in the city.I travel often and wish other hotels would feel as comfortable and welcoming as The Orlando. We look forward to our visits there.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	5	3	

<Author>leinhart
<Content>The best Hotel in Los Angeles, and that ain't no lie! The Orlando is one of the best hotel's I have ever stayed at and I am very picky coming from a hotel background myself. First of all I stay here for business every month and everytime I come back the front desk staff remembers me and has my keys waiting. The room product is very modern with chocolates hues and all the latest gadgets, including a flat plasma tv! The mini-bar is fully stocked with things I actually enjoy....try the Musha-nuts, you'll love 'em! Room service comes a from a restaurant in the hotel and it is outstanding. I crave the 7-oz rib eye everytime I stay and it id the first thing I order before even putting my bags down. I will not stay anywhere else when I come to LA, the Orlando is top notch! You will not be disappointed!  
<Date>Jan 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SaulBH
<Content>Absolutely adore this Boutique Hotel I have been meaning to write about the experience we had at the Orlando Hotel for our family and friends that we put up there for New Year's Eve. We have used this hotel always for friends and referred business associates as well. I absolutely adore this hotel. The rooms are spacious and charming, the staff is top notch and always delivers exceptional service with a smile. I know hotel prices in LA are climbing as they did in New York. A lot of people do not like that and dish the hotel in defiance. You get what you pay for and it's worth every penny at The Orlando and compared to other hotels in the area that offer less for more $$$ it's the best value. I know, because I shop around!  
<Date>Jan 9, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CinJo
<Content>Not Impressive, You Can Do Better We stayed at the Orlando after reading reviews on TripAdvisor. It was a disappointment. The room had a musty smell and the bed was as hard as a rock w/ flat pillows. The toilet was hard to flush, the faucets didn't turn off and the bathroom was in need of renovation. We were promised turn-down service with chocolates and noone ever showed up.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	3	3	2	

<Author>lusciouskiwi
<Content>Unbalanced We have stayed at this hotel twice. The first time was ok. This time our room was not as good as the first one. The view was terrible, the traffic noise was very loud and the bathroom was in a state of disrepair. We returned to this hotel because of the comfortable bed. This was perhaps the most disappointing part of our stay. The bed felt very different, we weren't sure what the problem was. It was like the first one had a soft mattress topper that was missing. I woke up sore each day. I have to mention the complimentary ice machine. There was only one and it was located in a little room on the second floor along with old, dusty items the hotel wasn't using anymore (fake plants etc.) The hotel also ran out of decaf coffee for two days. That's all I drink, so it really tainted things for me. We had a friend in another room - a handicap room. He slept on a Murphy bed! There was a problem with the plumbing in the bathroom. He said the room was a really odd shape. If you were in a wheelchair or mobility impaired you would be trapped. You had to get out of bed to see the alarm clock. I am sorry Orlando, but I cannot give your hotel a good review. It is very inconsistent. If you are truly used to luxury properties or boutique hotels, keep looking.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2007
<Rating>2	3	2	3	2	3	2	3	

<Author>Jack9003
<Content>Overpriced and under renovated I booked a room at The Orlando last minute and was quoted an outrageous price of $319. I was told I would be staying in a gorgeous king room with a garden patio so I thought it was worth the splurge and I was running out of options. The hotel has been recently renovated and you can still see signs of the motel it was in the corridors and bathrooms. The room is just barely boutique and claims that label merely by virtue of an overstuffed bed, a flat screen TV and an iPod holder. The patio was tiny and looked out onto a busy street, the bathroom was unclean and still showed signs of wear and tear, the carpet was stained. We got breakfast with our room and that was quite nice and that is why I give the hotel even one star. With taxes and valet parking (compulsory) the bill came to $400. For that I should have been in Venice or Beverly Hills not hanging over 3rd street looking at a dirty patio! Don't stay here, LA has many other options.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>stewmc
<Content>You other reviewers are spoiled! To start, THIS IS A DELIGHTFUL HOTEL. Before staying at this venue, I reviewed comments here on TripAdvisor for advice and was quite apphrensive about staying here. Still, because of work, the location was convenient to me and I decided to take my chances.Not only did I immensely enjoy The Orlando, I can say I had a better stay than fancier hotels up La Cienega (Hyatt West Hollywood, The Grafton). Without question, other reviewers of this hotel deserve to go spend $500+ a night at The Mondrian or the Beverly Hilton. The expectations for this (admittedly) aging facility are totally over the top, considering its location near what is the cultural center of L.A.The staff was attentive, friendly and kind. The room was spacious, tastefully decorated and QUIET (granted, I wasn't on the Third Street side). The beds and sheets were great. Breakfast, considering it was FREE for the room deal, was a full breakfast and it was way beyond my expectations. And yes, the bathroom wasn't perfect but the shower was comfortable, not the small nozzle of water that someone else commented on. Best of all, the neighborhood was a lot of fun and eclectic, much more entertaining than staying on the Sunset Strip (and better restaurants too!).No question this place isn't for everyone. It's a boutique on an aging property, but to me that's part of the fun of a boutique and they've done a great job for what they have. The location is excellent, and I would stay here again. The special people have many other choices nearby and the budget crowd can stay in downtown LA, but for my money it was the perfect choice.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>RoadTrip19Mom
<Content>Good enough. -Nice, large room. They charge $15/day for rollaway, but we brought our own camping cot and there was plenty of room.-Most of the staff on the phone and front desk was excellent.-There was a recent policy change (if you get a discounted rate, you don't get executive floor privileges) but since we hadn't been told that, they reinstated those after my later call to ask about it.-Nice pool.--One of the exec. perks: $10 cab voucher for every full day you stay. So over the course of two nights, we got one, and it came in handy.--Breakfast at on-site cafe was very well serviced, but not very imaginative for the pricing and swank ambience. Really, you just get at the bar fruit, yogurt, one each of cheese and sliced deli meat, and by waiter, eggs, limited omelets, or fritattas, plain panckakes and bacon (no sausage.) That's it. **If you don't get exec. perks, and note: you only get two coupons per room per night, you and your family and/or discerning palate might be better off getting your discounted rate and walking up the street 1-4 blocks for breakfast for same or less cost. Breakfast is $20/adult and $12 a kid at the on-site cafe.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	4	4	4	5	3	

<Author>lannyweb
<Content>Vanilla hotel only lip syncing "Boutique" A convenient location for Beverly Hills and the Miracle Mile, but nothing fancy here, except the room rates and the handsome Web site. Coat of brown paint, minimalist lobby and dimly lit halls dress up what is basically a plain vanilla, 1970s-era hotel building. An adequate stay, I guess, but the Orlando's true age and frail bones peek through tired bathroom fixtures, low ceilings and thin walls. Included breakfast holds limited buffet selection or choice of scrambled-but-not-fried eggs and a single pancake (or was it a hot-mitt?) with syrup from a plastic package. (Four stars to the fried chicken and cobbler at Cynthia's restaurant one block up 3rd.)  
<Date>Aug 14, 2007
<Rating>3	2	2	4	3	4	3	3	

<Author>nola75
<Content>Good Location but that's it Stayed at the Orlando for one night as this was a last minute trip and most of the other hotels in the area (Beverly Hills) were booked. The problems started from the moment I went to my room. Housekeeping was still cleaning the room at 4pm. Was given another room, an Executive King. The room was big and had a seating area. The bathroom was a completely different story. You could barely close the door, it was sooo tiny. The fixtures and plumbing are extremely outdated; alot of rust. The air conditioning took about 6 hours to actually start cooling down the room. Walls are paper thin, I could hear a baby crying and a dog barking from the rooms next door. The positive was the location. Its on 3rd, walking distance to the Beverly Center and the Grove.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2007
<Rating>2	4	2	4	3	3	3	2	

<Author>Arkmont
<Content>First impressions are deceiving The reception area and lounge are extremely pleasant and inviting, but once you arrive on the guest room floors it begins to fall apart. I paid extra for a garden room which meant I had french doors onto an airshaft with 10 foot walls on all sides; even worse, the guests at the pool could look down into the air shaft and my room...so absolutely no privacy. The room itself was a nice size but the furnishings are worn.There was little steet noise in my room but there was substantial noise from rooms on either side and upstairs.Internet connection didn't work and room was not cleaned until after 3:00 thoughout trip.  
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	4	2	1	

<Author>oaklandecho
<Content>convenient but so-so Went there for a weekend away from the Bay Area on recommendation by a friend who thought I'd appreciate the 3rd St strip of walkable neighborhood, which I did; it's pretty convenient for driving destinations as well. Breakfasts were on the bottom edge of ok as long as you think of them as free. If it were a breakfast joint in your own neighborhood, though, you'd go there once and then wonder how they stayed in business. The staff was genuinely nice but a bit airheaded the only time we needed them; the desk clerk couldn't tell us how to get to the Getty Center (which turned out to be more or less leave hotel, turn left, turn right, you're there - not too hard). The room was the big disappointment. This stuff probably looked ok when the place was initially remodelled, but most of the furniture and fixtures are somewhere between Target and Ikea in quality and are near the end of their brief lifespan - chipped surfaces, sagging shelf units, a floor lamp whose top was broken and just resting loosely on its fake-designer processed-wood base. Carpets were quite fashionable and quite astonishingly dirty and stained, there was an arc of coffee-splatter on the wall (which was covered in vinyl-like wallpaper and hence eminently cleanable, so why not clean it?), and the bathroom was in bad shape - a quarter-sized rusted gouge out of the tiny tub, sloppy paint job, really dirty sprinkler covers falling out of the dropped ceiling over the sink, shower curtain rod and towel shelves both loose and wobbly. My partner had stayed in a Marriot in Riverside the night before I flew down to meet him here; he commented that the bathroom fixtures there were identical, but not falling off the walls. And it was cleaner, too. Didn't really feel unbearably ripped off, but next trip we'll try someplace else.  
<Date>May 18, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	4	1	3	3	2	

<Author>VictorNewYork
<Content>Terrible Service-Noisy-Dirty You hear from your room every noise that any of the other rooms on the sides does (speak, shower, any little noise they do) + everything that happen in the street and in the corridors of the floor.The bathroom tube supposed to be white but is grey because of poor cleaning.The hotel personnel did not care about clients inconvenients.It is more a 2 star hotel... only a very cosy lobby/recepcion but unfortunately you d'ont sleep in the looby.I swicht my Stay to Le Meridien... That is a real incredible hotel with great accomodation and incredible service AT THE SAME PRICE !!Definitely a place to avoid !  
<Date>Apr 13, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Fan2006
<Content>Great location We were booked at the Elan, but they overbooked  set us up at the Orlando. It worked out for the best, since the Orlando was a better location for us. 3rd street is full of small boutiques. There are shopping malls on either end of 3rd. (The Grove  the Beverly Center). The Orlando (once known as the Beverly Plaza) has recently undergone an extensive renovation.The staff were very nice.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>dunnjun
<Content>Good Business Trip I just stayed at the Orlando for a business trip and enjoyed my experience there. Me and my associates were there for 4 nights and would stay there again. For us, the main thing we liked best was the location. The hotel is in a nice neighborhood where we felt safe to walk around during our free time. There are plenty of restuarants and shops right across the street. I wish we had more free time to explore the area.The hotel has a nice interior and is really relaxed. The breakfast that came complimentary was excellent. The rooms were a nice size and I really enjoyed the flat screen tv that you could swivel around. The only down side was the bathroom. I didn't think it was as run-down as previous reviews said. There was some wear and tear to it, but it was clean to my satisfaction and I'm pretty picky about that. But my shower was not the best, it kind of just spat the water out. One of the people travelling with me is over 6' tall and felt like the bathroom was not comfortable for someone his size. I'm 5'2 and thought that the sink was even low for me.Overall, I would stay there again for business, but I don't know if I would stay there on my vacation.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>blevinm
<Content>Average for Price We selected the Orlando for its boutique style as advertised and found it to be just average. It certainly does not compare with Kimpton hotels or others I would consider in the same class. The included breakfast was excellent and a nice way to start the day. Although be sure to ask for both the omelette  pancakes (very good!) with your breakfast if you're so inclined- we got the impression that we had to choose one, but in fact both are included. The staff were friendly and helpful and the lobby and TV Room nearby are relaxing touches if you've been out on the town for a while. The rooms have a modern feel and are nicely decorated, however you can sense that underneath the exterior is an outdated, dusty older hotel room. The bathrooms are the most outdated with cheap lavatories and bad tub / shower fixtures. Throughout there is also a lot of dust accumulated around vents and in corners. A spider greeted us as we entered our room, although we had no further bug issues. We had a pool view that was nice, but much of the surrounding buildings look run down and dirty. The location is the highlight of the hotel. You can walk to the Beverly Center shopping mall, the 3rd  Fairfax farmer's market, or the shops and restaurants on Robertson in about 15 minutes. If you are using Taxi's the hotel will give you a voucher book worth $10, but we found the cab drivers reluctant to accept the vouchers. We also found nearly all taxi's to be in poor condition, bad drivers with no manners, and generally undesirable to travel in. Overall, the hotel delivers an okay experience for a very high price. I would probably recommend staying at a larger chain hotel if I were to return- somewhere where I know what I will get for the money. Until this hotel upgrades further, I just wouldn't pay the price for the experience. Like much of L.A. this one is dressed up nicely but lacking substance.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Tumblin_weed
<Content>Laid back and comfy We stayed here for four days in December having searched at length for somewhere with a bit of character and style. The Orlando has a sort of laid-back, lazy style - could be irritating if you want something more up-tempo. We loved the ambience - staff were friendly, helpful and efficient, but kept out the way unless needed. Recommendations for places to eat were excellent and the room was large, comfortable and very well equipped - the iPod was a stylish touch. Breakfast was basic but fresh and tasty. Definitely recommended as somewhere a bit different with loads of charm.  
<Date>Feb 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>VirginiaK
<Content>Best no-car place in LA!! by: a woman traveller from ManhattanThis is my new favorite place in LA.It's a newly-refurbished boutique hotel with about 100 rooms and a very pleasant European-feeling lobby, decorated with candles and blown glass objects, and it's in the best possible location for a traveler without a car - it's as easy to walk to dozens or hundreds of restaurants and shops as it would be in downtown Manhattan. Furthermore, the shops themselves are exceptional, as 3rd Street is a prime area for fresh boutiques and top-notch LA vintage shopping.My room was pleasant and large, with a king-size bed and a seting area with a sofa. Temperature control was excellent, service was pleasant, a view of the Hollywood Hills was agreeable, and a leaky faucet handle was repaired the instant I reported it.The restaurant food is excellent. The cost of my room included breakfast, which was generous - a nice buffet and eggs or pancakes if you felt like ordering them; one day there were elegant French apple tarts, every day there was homemade (I think) banana and zucchini bread. (If I'd wanted to, I could have booked a room for $20 less without the breakfast and found a dozen places to eat for less outside the hotel, but I liked the convenience this time.)From the money angle, it's worth noting that on nearby La Cienega it's easy to find nice simple chain places like Chipotle for a really fast, really cheap meal.A small pool is set nicely with comfortable lounge chairs for sunbathing. A small exercise room adjacent to the pool has the essentials and I did not ever have to wait to use it.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>alicegbaker
<Content>Great Location I have stayed at this hotel because I do business with Cedars Sinai (which is within walking distance). If you like a more european experince as opposed to a typical US business experience (like staying at the Marriott), this hotel may be for you. Quite chic in it's decor, the restaurant is good (if a little expensive), and the rooms are nice (not great). I do always have a little trouble getting online at this hotel. Great shopping and restaurants are also within walking distance. Stay on the 5th floor if you want a little more service.  
<Date>Sep 9, 2006
<Rating>3	2	3	4	3	3	3	2	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>overpriced, with positives and negatives This is a very pricey area, but we still expected more for the $344 for two nights we paid. The positives were the location near many museums and sights, the fitness room and small mineral pool, the linens and down duvets, the serene and modern decor, and the friendly front desk and valet. The breakfast that was included was served in the adjoining restaurant,La Terza and it was a nice buffet of fruits, yogurt, granola and ham and cheese.The negatives were that the hot water in the shower was just lukewarm, the room was not immaculate (There was dust clogged in the vents and some cobwebs in upper corners.) The walls are very thin, so we could easily hear voices and TV from the next room and slamming doors.. Although the front desk was friendly, several of them were not very knowledgable of directions and nearby sights.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>asdbarnes
<Content>Definitely not luxurious I arrived at the hotel at 2:45 pm to check in and had to wait about 10 minutes for my room. OK, 10 minutes, no big deal. The lobby was nice enough, the lounge was relaxing and the front desk staff was friendly. I got my room key, dropped my bags and left to go shopping. I came back around 7 pm that night only to find that I had no hot water, among other probelems. For a luxury boutique hotel, I was truly disappointed. The rooms had been redone, but they forgot the bathrooms. The fixtures are outdated (think 1970s), there were burn marks on the orange countertop, and there was a significant black and rust stain in the tub. Not to mention, there was hardly any water pressure. The rickety cheap metal closet doors don't open and close properly if the safe door is open. The walls were so thin, I could hear the phone ring and the subsequent conversation in the room next door. I could also hear the people above me walking around all night. I called the front desk who immediately sent people up to try to fix the problems. Housekeeping told me there was nothing they could do about the stain. The safety lock was also loose. The maintenance man told me I would have to wait at least a night or two before he could fix, and as the housekeeper left, the entire thing came off in my hands. She just looked at me and shrugged. The pool is a joke. I've seen tubs bigger than that. The restaurant is OK. The free breakfast is basically fruit and yogurt. If you want eggs, bacon or toast, you have to order it. All in all, I will NEVER go back or recommend this place to anyone. If you want something in the area, try The Parc Suites. It's MUCH better.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2006
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location We stayed at The Orlando the last weekend of March 2006 and found the hotel to be in a great location. It was our first trip to LA, so we went into the trip without any expecations. Upon arrival, we were met by the valet staff, which were by far the most help in our visit to LA. There is one arrogant staff member who appeared to be in charge of the other check-in staff as he was training someone upon our arrival. He was the only member of the staff that was rude.The room was absolutely beautiful and provided plenty of room for our stay. The bed was very comfortable especially with the down comforter and feather pillows. The bathroom was a little small, but we weren't there to spend time in the bathroom.I would DEFINITELY stay at this hotel again. We booked our room a couple of months before they increased the rate. They honored the rate we were given at booking, so an A+ for customer service.The breakfast was a joke. Eggs and ONE slice of bacon. Want a great breakfast on your trip, visit the Farmer's Market for a wide variety of options.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2006
<Rating>3	3	5	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Extremely Poor Experience At check in time, I found the desk clerk to be arrogant and rude. The only reason I didn't walk out right then and there was the intervention of another staff member who walked in when he heard what was going on. When I went up to the room, it was not made up (this was at 3:00 PM).The air conditioning was extremely noisy and the fan function (low, med, high) didn't work - it seemed to be stuck on high. It is also not clear that the temperature setting was functional - I varied it from 68 to 74 and could detect no difference in either temperature or on/off cycling of the unit.Overnight parking (valet only) was over $20.00!The restaurant was extremely expensive, pretentious, and, while the wait staff provided good service, the food was mediocre at best - an $18 breakfast consisted of scrambled eggs (dry and cold), one (burnt) slice of bacon, and a cold piece of toast that seemed to have been warmed in a microwave.I would not recommend this hotel under any circumstances and would not stay there again.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Robin69
<Content>The Orlando is a real find My friend and I stayed at the Orlando and couldn't have been happier. I arrived early for check in and they were able to accommodate me. From the moment I pulled in to the valet parking area, I felt welcomed. After arriving in my room, the front desk attendant called to make sure everything was alright. The bedding is wonderful and the beds comfortable. The parking is outrageous ($20 per car), but includes in and out privileges.The restaurant was great - a nice open space. The complimentary breakfast was also top notch - not some day-old rolls, but granola, milk, yogurt, fruit and meat and cheese. Also, was able to order eggs and/or pancakes.Wasn't able to check out the pool - it was closed.Also, I think there was some remodeling going on in the room next door, so you might want to ask about that when you make your reservation.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Beans and Cornbread
<Content>Decent place, good shopping The Orlando's staff is attentive and helpful but as others have mentioned, the rooms are a bit junky for the price, especially the bathrooms. If you are there for shopping, there's plenty of good places around there -- Plastica, Built By Wendy, Paul Frank et al but other than that, the neighborhood is rather boring.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2006
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Disappointing Visit The lobby area is lovely. But, the individual rooms are worn, tired and quite unkempt looking. The rugs and chairs were very stained and dirty. We didn't even want to sit in the chairs. The bathrooms are very much in need of repair and updating.Service was less than responsive. We waited at the pool almost one hour and several calls later for towels. Several of the front desk/guest relations gentlemen seemed rude and condescending. However, the staff in the restaurant were very nice and willing to please.Other than the gracious staff in the restaurant and good hotel location, there is nothing else to compliment.I would not recommend this facility, even with its competitive price. It is worth spending a few more dollars to stay somewhere clean and where staff are responsive and courteous.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2006
<Rating>2	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Peejdj
<Content>Not a bad place to stay Stayed two nights here over Christmas. Good sized room but the bathroom could have done with a lick of paint.Swimming pool is small, as is the gym.Breakfast was ok, but the deal we had meant some things were excluded - including orange juice for some strange reason. Not a great amount of choice in the buffet either. We had a meal in the restaurant on Christmas Day night which was very good though.Great location, extremely central and the ten dollar taxi voucher they give you is a nice touch but the taxi drivers won't ask if you've got vouchers, even if they pick you up from the hotel.Staff were helpful and generally courteous.Overall an ok place for a couple of nights.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>newtonSA
<Content>GREAT The Orlando was a wonderful place to stay during our brief visit to LA. My husband and I along with many other Texas Longhorn fans,spend several nights at this boutique hotel. Great location, great breakfast, courteous staff.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>teedeeandchelchel
<Content>We were very pleased I really stuggled with choosing a hotel for our most recent Los Angeles 4 day trip, but was very pleased with our choice of The Orlando. I discovered a special on their website which rewarded us with and Ipod nano with a 3 night stay in one of their Executive Floor rooms. These rooms have been recently renovated and were very up to date and pleasant. The bathrooms are small, but fine. Our stay also included full breakfast at the hotel's restaurant, La Terza, which was excellent. We had dinner there one night as well and the meal was very good. I was most pleased with the hotel's location on 3rd St. which has many hip shops and wonderful restaurants. It is also an easy walk to the Beverly Center for those who need a mega-mall and a bit longer walk to the famous Farmers Market which is also a great spot for a variety of great cuisines. Probably the biggest downfall is the traffic noise from 3rd St, but I must say, I am a light sleeper, but slept just fine. The staff is very accomodating with helping with tour and restaurant reservations as well as directions and advice on good restaurant choices.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Reasonable value Good location. Friendly and attentive staff. Nice restaurant with a good breakfast as part of our rate. Tired and rather dirty rooms - stains on carpets, furniture, etc. No fitted sheets on the mattresses - just top sheets tucked under which tended to come out during the night. Our room was unavailable on the first night so we were sent to another property. The first night was comped although we are still waiting for the charge reversal on the credit card - 10 days later.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2005
<Rating>3	4	2	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>eblkcat
<Content>Beware of temperamental valet! Although the hotel has undergone some cosmetic changes in the restaurant and lobby, no improvements were done to the rooms, and they are starting to looktired! The hotel staff itself was nice; but oneof the valet parkers was so rude and argumentativeafter we found a 4 inch scratch on our car - this occured while we were checking in and he had the keys to the car the whole time! He claims the scratch was old, however, once you ran your hand over it, paint fell off! Location wise, the hotel is perfect, nomatter what direction you are going in, and very safe!But- ask for a room on the top floor - or you willbe awake off and on all night by random noises coming off the street!!  
<Date>Nov 13, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great value for the $$$$ We stayed at the Orlando for 4 nights in September and found the staff very helpful and friendly. Nothing was too much trouble - the staff booked tours for us, rented us a car, and were very attentive.On the down side, the rooms are quite small, and the pool is tiny, but the retaurant is great, and the breakfast is very good. The position of the hotel is great, right down the road (10 min walk) from the Grove, Farmer's Market. Although we (2 adults and 3 children) we a bit squashed in the room, it was a great deal and we were unable to match it anywhere else. I would stay here again (but next time I would get 2 rooms if travelling with the kids).  
<Date>Oct 6, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Small is good Stayed at the Orlando for two nights recently on way back to Sydney Aus. Found the hotel small intimate and friendly. Very pleased, much preferred to the big faceless hotel I'm used to....  
<Date>Oct 2, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>LasVegasTravelers
<Content>Orlando is Recommended ! The Orlando is extremely clean and will remind travelers of a European hotel- small lobby, small restaurant... things that don't really matter if one is basically looking for nice lodging with a convenient location (Beverly Hills, LACMA, etc.). Labeling it a boutique hotel is a good description. An easy half block walk to the Beverly Center and numerous sidewalk cafes. We were able to check in early, and they kindly held our luggage at the front desk when we checked out on the last day but wanted to squeeze in more neighborhood sight-seeing. The bed was comfortable and one of the newer mattresses -the other person can turn over without the bed moving. Bedside reading lights are actually bright enough to read by.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>MargaretChicagoIL
<Content>Orlando good value for the $$$ Was in LA on business and booked four nights at the Orlando. Very good location--about as central as you can get given that LA is such a sprawl. Another plus for the business traveller is that the hi-speed internet access in the room worked very well--better in fact that hi-speed in some far more expensive places.Staff was friendly and helpful. My room was very clean.During my stay there were always large European tour groups staying. Not a problem except that the housekeeping staff, by the end of the week, were totally overtaxed. They had started the cleaning process in my room [bathroom cleaned  room vacuumed--good things] but must have gotten interrupted because the bed never got made! Also the TV in my room never worked; mentioned this to the front desk and problem wasn't fixed during my stay. Finally, the room has been nicely re-decorated but the furniture hasn't worn well (stuck drawers, closet door off track--you get the pix).Would I stay here again--yes. To me a clean, safe, quiet place, working hi-speed  a good location trumps such minor inconvenience as a non-working TV.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Klaye
<Content>Nice Small Hotel Just returned from a week in LA with my older daughter. We were visiting my younger daughter at UCLA, and spent four days at the Orlando Hotel.I was offered a very reasonable internet rate by calling the hotel. It included free breakfast (lovely fresh cold buffet plus made to order choice of eggs), as well as a 10 dollar taxi voucher everyday.The room was very fresh and attractive, with extremely comfortable beds.Bathroom towels were big and fluffy and the toiletries smelled great.Even though the hotel was filled we did not hear a sound from other guests. Pool was small, cold but refreshing, and private. Everytime we went we were the only people around. Same thing for the gym.The valet parking is high, but everytime my daughter came to visit she was able to park on the street.The staff was helpful. They printed directions out for a restaurant we wanted to drive to, and replaced a DVD player promptly when my daughter found it wasn't working.The hotel is located within walking distance of lots of stores and restaurants, and a short taxi ride (use those vouchers) to The Farmers Market, The Grove and and the great Kantors Deli.I could not give the hotel an excellent because on the day we arrived, over an hour after check in time, the room was not ready and we had to wait. While we did not have to wait very long, I think that your room should be ready if you arrive after 4pm.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A good price at a great location The Orlando was a good bargain. We stayed there for 3 days in the first half of August 2005. Our rate of $189.00 per night included a lovely daily breakfast at la Terza. In addition to fresh fruit, cheeses, banana and zuchinni breads our breakfast included granola (it was the bomb!), eggs (any style but poached and soft boiled) and bacon. If you are on the go you can take a to go package with you. If you are a foodie or a shopper then the other great thing about the hotel is its location. It is two blocks from the Beverly Center and 6 blocks from the Grove and the Farmers Market. In addition, there are lots of fun boutiques and restaurants on Third Street in the vicinity of the hotel. The common areas are fresh, airy and kind of funky. Our room was spacious and comfy. Fluffy white robes, slippers and towels are also in abundance. The bathroom wasn't great--we noticed some mildew on the ceilings in the corners. But that is my only complaint. If you are on a budget, stay here!  
<Date>Aug 17, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>ChicagoSpy
<Content>Best Bargain for the Dollar I stumbled on to the Orlando based on the price and TRIP ADVISOR's comments. The hotel's location was the best - it is 2 blocks away from the Beverly Center and Loehmann's plus the Farmer's Market/The Grove is about 5 blocks away too. In between the hotel and Farmer's Market there are so many great star watching restaurants (IE: Joan's on 3rd - Kirsten Dunst has been spotted there; Toast - the bakery is soooo good!) plus cool boutiques (IE: Trina Turk, SCOUT, Mitchell Gold Furniture ... the list continues). As for the hotel itself - the staff was very accommodating and friendly; the free breakfast was delicious (don't even think about comparing breakfast to EMBASSY SUITES - a million times better!). The room was roomy and comfortable but the bathroom was dank and needed some extra extra cleaning (I noticed mildew in a corner). Given the location of the hotel, the wonderful staff, the delicious breakfast, roomy accomodations, and chocolate on your pillow - I was willing to overlook the not so clean bathroom and the really small exercise room. I highly recommend ORLANDO!!  
<Date>Aug 16, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Propinquity
<Content>Who Needs a Big Hotel Ever Again? On my business trips to LA, I've been trying out moderately priced boutique hotels. Tried to love The Crescent and failed, loved the Elan Modern. This time I went with The Orlando, which is the hotel that the ELAN refers people to when they're full.I stayed there for a week at the end of July and then returned for another 3 days the following week. I was very happy here -- perhaps even more than the Elan because it has a pool, real room service (The Elan will go pick up food for you at the diner across the street) and the little shops on West Third Street across the street are some of the quirkiest and nicest in LA -- well known to insiders, but not so much to tourists. You can walk out the door and shop and dine, walk a few blocks up to the Beverly Center or the LA Loehman's and never have to set foot in a car. (The Elan is walkable to these places, too, but they're not directly across the street like they are at the Orlando). I booked a Junior Suite and asked for a quiet room. -- they put me on the 5th floor facing Orlando Street, rather than the busier West Third. No complaints -- it was very quiet.Junior Suite appears to mean you have a couch next to your bed and you pay about 20-30 $ more. But the Orlando has lots of discount sales and you can find other sites that offer the discounts there as well.Room service was fast and the food excellent . . .although it's a very small menu . . .and lots of fancy dishes (do you really crave rabbit for dinner?), when sometimes you want something plain and simple. But since Room Service comes from the restaurant La Terza in the hotel, plain and simple isn't the name of the game. You're talking fine dining. But there are lovely restaurants right outside the door -- including ethnic ones. . .you can even walk up a block to Joan's on Third, and get fabulous upscale take-out, bring it back to your room and stash the left-overs in your mini-bar.The pool is small, but an amazing perk. And you can lounge around on the deck. There's a small work-out room.Internet service is $8.95 per day. No wireless, but it's fast DSL. Taxis are often waiting outside if you need one, otherwise they call one and it only takes a few minutes for one to arrive. The Olrando gives you a $10.00 booklet of vouchers, good for $1.00 off on each individual taxi ride you take. You also get certificates for free continental breakfast in La Terza, but I never tried it. My only complaint was that, despite repeated requests, there was no Hotel Information book or packet in the room and I constantly had to ask the Front Desk about the most mundane things -- like how much will I be billed for a local phone call, how much is the internet, etc. etc. What floor is the pool on?Do you have Room Service?If I hadn't been told there was a pool or about the $10 taxi voucher by someone else, I never would have known about them. It was very annoying and took away from the relaxed feel of the place.If you like small hotels and you want to be in the West LA area, I vote for the The Orlando. Or the Elan Modern. You can't go wrong with either.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>ed110
<Content>Not very clean The Orlando was located on the trendy section of 3rd Street. The building looks nondescript. The lobby is a bit dark with retro decor. Despite their claims of being a non-smoking hotel (there are signs posted in the elevator), we can smell traces of it on the 2nd floor. They may be non-smoking now but they probably never cleaned out the carpets or the air vents. If you have allergies, you might consider looking elsewhere. We had a room with double beds. The size and decor look mediocre. There are stains on the furniture as well as the bathrobe they let guests use. The bathroom is okay (looks similar to a Holiday Inn). There is no view from the window but we can hear the sounds coming from the pool  the hallway. The breakfast at La Terza was nice. The neighborhood is okay. There are several restaurants within walking distance. The Beverly Center is close by as well.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Meggiebabe27
<Content>Save yourself the trouble and Stay Away!!!!!!!!!!! Farrrrr Away! Never having been to Los Angeles in my life, I expected something quite different from the descriptions I received compared to what I actually found at the Orlando. The outside of the building looks like a dirty parking garage and is located near nothing of any interest, except for what looks like an area that should be in Watts, not 2 miles from Rodeo Drive. I was honestly scared to step outside of the hotel, for fear of the local area. The hotel description leads you to believe that it is within walking distance of several great attractions. Not even close. The staff was disinterested and rude when I asked about directions and the public transportation system. The man I spoke with seemed as though he could not care less. The entire hotel reeked of an odor somewhat like a dentist's office. Surprisingly, the rooms looked nice, despite the smell, until I opened the blinds to see that my room was facing a concrete block wall, shoddily covered with lattice. After an exhausting afternoon of disappointment, I thought a shower would make me feel better. Unfortunately, when I got out, I discovered the air conditioning wasn't working. When I attempted to turn it on, a puff of hot air combined with dust and mold spores blew out. I was so fed up, I moved to another hotel that night, and it was the best decision ever. If you don't care about a dirty, poor location, no air conditioning, mystery odors, and being treated like crap, I suppose it would be alright. If not, I would suggest staying in the fantastic Westin Century Plaza Hotel and Spa (where I moved to)...It's more expensive, but more than well worth it. Bottom line- the Orlando should barely be a 2-star hotel, and heed my warning- it will save you alot of unneccesary grief that you should never have in such a fantastic city.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2005
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It was nice I went there with my mom and my aunt in 2004.It was nice. We were on a low budget. If we had more money we were going to stay at the sophitel or the beverly. Overall it was nice. We had a great veiw of the hollywood hills.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great, clean hotel - (Don't go to The ARGYLE) Stay here at The Orlando I checked into this place on New Year's Day after meeting some friends at the Rose Bowl that were staying at The Orlando. I told them of my _horrible_ bait  switch experience from the night before with the Argyle on Sunset. They suggested for me call their hotel and see if they had a room because they really liked it. The Orlando staff took the reservation over the phone, and guarenteed the rate verbally. [When you travel alot, you expect people to be honorable about verbal committments and their rates.] The Orlando came thru with flying colors. Nice clean stylish room (queen anne wood cabinets sorta old school - but still very decent rooms), clean bath, clean stylish fabrics, very comfortable bed, and very convenient location to shopping, dining, etc. Staff are top rate.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>yogalady
<Content>Disappointing I booked this room 2 weeks ago when the phone attendant said it was the last room with 2 double beds. When we got there at 2 in the afternoon, we were told they were sold out and would have to put us in a 1-bed room with a sleeper sofa. When I made the reservation, I chose this hotel over others with a 1-bed/sofa setup because at $180/night, I wanted a proper bed. It was mid-afternoon, we had plans, so we stayed. The room was shabby but ok; it reeked of carpet freshner. A sizeable patch had been made to the center of the ceiling. The curtains were waterstained. The main lamp had no lightbulb. On a positive note, the valet knew our name when we first pulled into their driveway and the lobby was nicely decorated. The room was quiet even though it faced a busy street. The towels were thick, the shower hot and the room attendant pleasant and efficient. But I would not recommend or return.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Place to Stay! We stayed at the Orlando in January of 2005. The service was outstanding! The front desk was friendly and helpful from the first time we called until the day we checked out. The room was exactly as advertised with plenty of room, comfortable beds and looked just like the picture on the website. At $109/night it was a great deal, especially after the $10 taxi vouchers each day! They even set up a tour for us on Starline Tours and it was awesome!The location was great... just 2 min from the CBS studio, 5 min from Beverly Hills and about 10 min from Hollywood. There are even great places to eat and shop just outside the hotel. Try Berrie's for some excellent pizza and spinach/artichoke dip.It is a boutique hotel, so expect a small, but very nice lobby and small bathrooms. We didn't try the retaurant for dinner, but had breakfast delivered to the room and it was good, but expensive.Again, I can't say enough about the service. Particulary from Thomas and Marcel. They went above and beyond calling cabs for us, taking pictures of us, and setting up the tour. The housekeeping lady turned down the bed each night and even gave us extra chocolate! The soaps and lotions in the room were awesome. Everything was very clean and comfortable.We would definitely stay here again and highly recommend the hotel. It was perfect!  
<Date>Jan 9, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>fullmoonrising
<Content>best bargain this is one of the best value for price hotels. formerly known as the beverly plaza hotel, it is idealy located in west hollywood...within walking distance of the beverly center, neighborhood cafes, restaurants, antique and bookstores, etc. rooms are spacious, clean and filled with the details that make a hotel a special place. on site restaurant provides room service. la terza is an upscale italian eatery.....a little pricey, but high end food in a clean modern, calm surrounding.service from the valet/doorman to the maids is friendly, timely and warm. front desk personnel are informative and the hotel provides taxi coupons daily. i almost hate to share this info!  
<Date>Nov 9, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>xtina27
<Content>Loved The Orlando!! Hidden Treasure Me and my sister stayed at this hotel in May during our trip down the coast of California. We arrived at the hotel at around 10am and hoped we could check in early, the front desk was very friendly and accomodating and said our room would be ready in an hour and pointed us out a small cafe across the street to have breakfast while we waited. We were very happy not to have to wait till 3 or 4pm. Let me tell you, we stayed at four different hotels during this trip and this one had the most comfortable beds!! The room was decorated very nicely and was clean. The staff was very eager to help us find our way for sightseeing and we really enjoyed our stay!! I will definitely stay there next time im in LA. Also it is in walking distance of the Beverly Center and Farmers Market which we enjoyed. I recommed you eat at the Grand Royale Cafe (i think thats the name) at the Beverly Center, the food was awesome. Also dont forget to ask for your Taxi Vouchers, $10 per day!  
<Date>Sep 17, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>celt32girl
<Content>Only ok. Stayed here for 2 nights in May 2004. Location was pretty good, considering I knew nothing about how sprawling LA is. Within easy walking distance of both the Farmers Market attraction and a great shopping centre (Macys etc). Room was not huge but very clean with fabulous bedding etc. Loved the bathrobes but disappointed the nightime chocolate only turned up on one of the two nights...Hardly a room with a view though - our view was of a huge white wall (probably 10 foot plus) bordering the side of the pool area. Talking of which, this (both the pool and the area) was tiny. Refurbishment was ongoing but there was allegedly a complimentary breakfast in the reception area. Didn't break my heart trying to locate it but there was certainly no sniff of it by 10am..... Well served by restaurants nearby, especially in the shopping centre. To reflect earlier reviews the valets were fantastic. My interaction with them went no further than leaving bags in storage and requesting a taxi to LAX but they were hugely attentive and a credit to the hotel.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>just alright My husband and I stayed at the Orlando at the end of July 2004. We were unaware that the hotel was undergoing renovation when we made our reservation. It was fairly disappointing arriving for a birthday get-away and finding the tiny lobby stripped bare and covered in paper and the restaraunt closed for construction. No room service, but they'll let you charge a meal to your room at a Hard Rock or a pizza place near by. Hopefully replacing the carpets is on their to-do list. That said, the staff was very friendly and the room was quite comfortable. Be aware that the second floor is actually the ground level if you are pool side, (no pool view though) when booking a room. Also, the pool is 4 feet at the deepest. The location is very handy and there are a lot of good cafes and shops on 3rd, as well as a block away on Beverly. Not a bad place, probably will be nice when finished.Wouldn't recommend it for a special occasion though.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not What It's Cracked Up to Be The mid-town location was ok, but I wouldn't stay here again for the simple reason that the service was abominable. For the high price, I didn't feel that it was justified. There is a complimentary Mercedes chauffer service to anywhere in Beverly Hills, I had to wait forever for the valet to fetch my car which seemed like an eternity. The room was not bad, ok, but I much prefer my usual Le Reve Hotel. Wouldn't repeat this experience, not awful, but not great either.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Deal... But not a 4-Star Hotel We got this hotel at $99/night which was a great deal considering the location. Rooms were pretty decent... however bathrooms needed work i.e. some mold on ceilings, out-dated sink and faucet, old tub. Front desk was very nice and helpful except for a rude woman in the morning shift. She greeted us with a negative comment on our arrival and continued to be snotty during the entire trip. The rest of the staff is very friendly... especially the valet men. They made our trip very enjoyable. *ONE CAUTION* - Make sure you pick up your vouchers each morning even if you don't plan on taking a cab that day. We learned the hard way that you can't get taxi vouchers from previous days. All in all, the hotel was tres chic... but like my title says... the 4-star rating is questionable.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2004
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great location!   showReview(1651770, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 16, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Won't stay at the Beverly Plaza again!!!   showReview(1649846, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 14, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The only "Guarantee?" A big hassle.   showReview(1643346, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 10, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>steph8632
<Content>Go elsewhere.   showReview(1614017, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 26, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>DO NOT make a "collect" call from there!   showReview(1547137, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 12, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ken240
<Content>Expedia says it all   showReview(1542217, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 7, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>craigo11
<Content>Great Hotel   showReview(1497240, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 24, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great deal!!!   showReview(1385111, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 12, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>stagalv
<Content>Nice little place   showReview(1149287, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 26, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great comfort   showReview(1143659, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 23, 2003
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>INUVIK
<Content>Buen Hotel y muy buena situacin       Executive Garden Room  
<Date>Nov 5, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	5	4	3	4	4	

<Author>Raphael78
<Content>Petit hotel sympa trs bien situ   showReview(21200451, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 25, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Posizione Ottima   showReview(19642737, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 7, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

