<Author>mem3184
<Content>Great Fenway/BU location This was our 4th stay at the Commonwealth in the past year and we find no reason to try anywhere else. A new hotel, it sits right on Kenmore Square and is one block from Fenway Park and at the east end of the Boston University campus. There is a subway station below the hotel/square and we walk to all parts of the Back Bay, including Newberry Street (about 4 blocks away). Since we have a child attending BU, it is a perfect location for us. Also great if you are going to Fenway Park. Otherwise, there may be better located hotels to Boston in general. However, the Commonwealth is extremely clean and upscale with an excellent staff. The rooms either overlook Fenway Park or Kenmore Square. Not much of a Fenway view (the back of the green monster and some seats) and it also overlooks the parking lot and freeway. The Kenmore rooms are a little larger but also cost more. Also, if you need two queens, they tend to be the Fenway rooms. Having stayed in both, I actually think the Fenway rooms are preferable if price matters to you. The rooms are all well decorated and the beds are very comfortable.Hotel amenities are very good. Internet access is easy, maid service and turndown service with great sweet wafers on your pillow were flawless. The gym is small but looks brand new. Room service is excellent and prompt. The front desk staff is very helpful and the dinner recommendations have been excellent. There are two highly rated restaurants in the hotel but we have not tried them. They have a parking lot in back for your car, a rental car counter in the hotel, the subway/bus station in front and we have never had to wait for the doorman to get us a cab. The umbrellas by the front door have come in handy as well. If you have a need to be in this area of Boston (or Boston in general), this is a near new, upscale hotel that we highly recommend.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kh55
<Content>Wonderful Stay My husband and I spent a wonderful weekend there. The room and bathroom were spacious and very well appointed. The bed was very comfortable and the linens lovely. There was quite a bit of noise going on at the street level the night we arrived but we didn't hear any of it in the room. The staff was friendly and very efficient with the exception of one young woman at the front desk. She was very sweet but completely incompetent and as a result we waited in our room for our car for 40 minutes when it had been pulled up within 5 minutes. There were a couple of other mishaps involving the same girl. It is within easy walking distance of the Newberry Street shops and restaurants.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	2	5	5	

<Author>furniguru
<Content>An absolute gem Let me start by saying, I spend about 100 nights a year at hotels around the country and the world. And I have to say with all honesty, Hotel Commonwealth is one of the best I've stayed at in several years. It is almost perfect. We'll get the thing that makes it a slight notch less than perfect out of the way first. The location is not perfect (unless you are going to a Red Sox game, in which case, it is perfect). It is near Boston University and Fenway Park, but not much else is around. Still, the neighborhood is safe and active and it is literally right next to the T station, which makes getting around town easy.The hotel itself is perfect, in my opinion. The staff is absolutely the best, the rooms are beyond comfortable (with a great, soft bed, huge room, huge bathroom and a great layout). The layout is the best. My king room had a large bathroom (spotless) and a semi-private sitting room and desk. The desk is large and well laid out and the sitting room makes you feel like you are in a suite. As a business traveler, I appreciated that the hotel didn't nick you for $20 for wireless internet (like may of the luxury chain hotels do).What can I say? It exceeded all my expectations. When I return to Boston, I will certainly stay at the Commonwealth. I sincerely wish all hotels were just like this.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>quincycat
<Content>My New Favorite Hotel in Boston Travel a good amount for business, including to Boston and Cambridge. The Commonwealth is now my new top choice.The location is great. Kenmore Square is very active, and an easy walk to Fenway, Longwood Medical campus, etc.The extras are also great. Take advantage of their complimentary car service within 3 miles of the hotel. That does not get you to Logan, but does get you through most of downtown (including South Station). The staff was very friendly and accomodating.More importantly the room is perfect. Clean. Very comfortable work area. Free wireless internet. Nice views. Good water pressure in the shower.But most important -- the sleep. Comfortable bed. Quiet room. Easily able to set the right temperature. Room was not too dry. A good night's sleep. (Getting the right temperature in a room is under-rated. It is diffficult to find a hotel room where you can set the temp, have the room keep the temp, have it keep the temp without making a ton of noise, and do so without creating a room so dry you worry about brush fires. The Commonwealth got it all right.)  
<Date>Oct 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>mrslosa
<Content>Wonderful Hotel ! My husband and I always stay at the Hotel Commonwealth when we visit Boston. The hotel is conveniently located to Fenway Park and is an excellent choice if you are attending a baseball game. The hotel and guest rooms are beautifully decorated! The hotel is very clean and the restaurants located in the hotel are both excellent! Great place for couples, families, or a fun weekend with friends.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Loldia
<Content>The Best! Should be #1 in Boston I am a very critical Hotel guest, after 30 years of business and personal travel. The Commonwealth is one of the best Hotels I have stayed in over the years. We had a room overlooking Fenway Park and it was very spacious. In the six nights we stayed, we never heard a sound from other rooms or guests. We did not book a bed and breakfast package (just bed), but there is tea,coffee and scone/biscuit in the Lobby every morning with compliments. The Hotel is right beside a subway station and within easy walking distance of Newbury Street for great restaurants and small shops. The hotel offers guests a free car transfer to most places within the city. All Hotel staff were most helpful and friendly. I have a particular tribute to pay to Brian and Andrew (Concierges). When our travel plans changed unexpectedly, they were extraordinarly helpful. They made new arrangements for us, while we shopped! They are the most helpful concierges I have ever met. Thank you Hotel Commonwealth!  
<Date>Oct 23, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lovealltravel
<Content>Commonwealth is more comfortable than home We were working on a film in Boston and had the pleasure to stay at the Commonwealth for an extended stay. This 1st class hotel really out did itself day after day. It's location to Fenway Park is awesome. The restaurants attached are top notch. The service is spot on. If you are going to Boston you must stay here! Luxury and comfort are defined at the Hotel Commonwealth!  
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>wildmandxb
<Content>Fabulous! This is truly an amazing hotel...everything from the service to the room is just great! we opted for the junior suite, it is such an excellent room, always clean and tidy, the service in the hotel is amazing and truly genuine, highly recommended to everyone i couldn't find any mistake from the time we arrived til departure.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JillyBoo
<Content>Simply Fabulous The Hotel Commonwealth was simply wonderful! I just stayed there with several family members and the staff couldn't have been more accommodating - the doorman even greeted us by name each evening. Turndown service was exceptional (the cookies...yum!) and the location was perfect (for those who are interested in the Fenway/university area). There is a T stop right downstairs and the rest of the city is easily accessible from there.The Eastern Standard restaurant was delightful! The bar tenders and wait staff were knowledgeable and attentive. I was traveling with my 3 1/2 year-old niece and they were very wonderful about the special requests she made for dinner.Overall, a fabulous experience! We loved this hotel and will gladly return. If there is a down side (and I don't think there is), it's that they don't have in-room coffee makers or a pool.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Wurking_Girl
<Content>Luxury Plus! I travel quite a lot on business and I have to say that this was one of the most comfortable hotels I've stayed in. In fact, when I tried to think of what I would change about it to make it perfect, there wasn't much I could come up with! The bed was wonderful, lots of nice, thick towels, TWO flat-screen TVs with DVD players (that was definitely overkill!), lots of space... There was no coffeemaker in the room, but they had wonderful coffee available in the lobby OR they would deliver a coffeemaker to your room upon request. They actually asked whether or not I wanted a paper (I hate wasting it at most hotels, but rarely have time to read one) and the staff was very welcoming and courteous.The ONLY issue I had was the inability to get the room temperature just right, but I am pretty picky about that. Overall, it was a fabulous experience and I highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>intlfoodtrvl
<Content>Beautiful, Upscale Hotel in Boston       Suite Bathroom  
<Date>Jul 31, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Rijswijk
<Content>Good but things should improve This was our last stay in a hotel during a three week's tour through New England, before returning to Europe. And I must be honest it was the most unpleasant experience of all places we stayed in. Is this because all the others excell and this hotel does not? Our complain was that the front desk did not agree with a rate plan which is offered by the 2008 platinum directory of the Small Leading Hotels of the World. If you like 'comedy of errors' or 'fawlty towers' or a rude front desk go to this hotel. I had to phone AE before reluctantly it was agreed I could have a late check out. But according to the hotel Continental breakfast' which should include juice, fresh fruit etc was just some coffee in the corner next to the check in desk. On the other hand the hotel room was fine and spacious, the concierge was very helpfull and a complimentary car was arranged to bring us to the BMFA. Also others at the hotel were helpful and friendly. But the front-desk is the face of the hotel and that seems to be forgotten here. Next time we will find another hotel in Boston.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>2	2	5	2	5	1	2	3	

<Author>SteveDyas
<Content>Not "Common" at all... My wife and I just returned from a 3-night stay at the Commonwealth, and it was a great experience. As other reviewers have stated, the staff at this hotel are all extremely polite and helpful. The concierge was rarely at his station when we walked by, but the front desk staff were always available to answer any questions we had. When I inquired about a good local place to grab a quick breakfast on the run, I was a bit disappointed that the only place suggested by the front desk was the in-hotel Eastern Standard restaurant. Detecting that this wasn't going to be fast enough to meet our schedule, another guest piped in that there was a good bagel shop directly across the street. We also neglected to bring a USB cable with us to download pictured from our camera to our laptop we had brought with us. I had hoped the staff would be able to track one down that we could borrow, but alas they were unable, so we ended up running to the CVS up the road and purchasing a new memory card.One other complaint was the thin walls detectable from the bathrooms. I could clearly hear the bathroom being used either directly next door or above me while I was in the bathroom.One other thing to be aware of is the cost of parking at this hotel. Each night will set you back $39!Aside from those few hiccups, our stay was outstanding. The room was gorgeous. We had drinks at the Foundation lounge at the bottom of the hotel, and that was a pleasant experience as well. The access to the Kenmore station came in very handy for getting around town.I would certainly recommend this hotel to others and though there are other hotels I'd like to try in Boston, I would return to the Commonwealth in the future.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>4	2	4	5	5	5	3	3	

<Author>Robert_Greene
<Content>Great Location for Red Sox Game - First Class Hotel Chose the HC because of previous reviews and proximity to Fenway Park. Requested high floor, Fenway Park view and got exactly that on the 4th floor. Front desk check-in folks were a little pretentious as most folks staying there were baseball fans and not high powered business folks, but maybe thats the Boston way. The Mass. Pike is between the hotel and Fenway Park, but we never heard any road noise because of excellent hotel construction and sound-proofing.Room was excellent with great a/c, and top of the line bedding and bath items. Requested a fridge and box fan (for white noise) and both were delievered promtly. Valet parking was quick and efficient.Only downside was concierge's lack of help with obtaining boarding passes, which he said he would do and then didn't and the $10 fee for internet use. At $300+ for a hotel room, internet access, (which costs the hotel NOTHING) should be comp as it is at every Marriott property.Bottom line is that you can't get a nicer hotel with better location when in town for a Red Sox game. The front desk staff and concierge could be a little less uppity and a little more helpful though. Although these folks acted like THEY were the high class people in the place and the guests were somewhat lower class, I would be happy to compare paychecks and bank accounts with any of those young folks. More substance and less style would be good.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	2	4	2	

<Author>triptraveller
<Content>Beauty - but blips The experience at Hotel Commonweath had pluses - but also minuses.On the plus side:--The rooms are nicely designed and well-furnished--Linens and bath towels are good quality--Size of hotel is comfortableBut - minuses made this less than a four-star experience:--Cleaning equipment of staff left in bathroom--Movies (DVDs) offered as available upon request (but titles were not available)--Items ordered through room service were missing from the tray on *two* separate orders.This is to be weighed against the cost -- which is much more than moderate. One can do better in Boston.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2008
<Rating>3	2	4	3	4	3	1	-1	

<Author>Lafemmegiselle
<Content>Luxury and Elegance in Kenmore Square! As I often receive VIPs from across the country and worldwide, I want their first impression of me to be positive. The major academic center nearby - for which I work - attracts some of the most demanding physician-scientists who are accustomed to having things their way. At the Hotel Commonwealth, that prescription is filled perfectly. Since Fenway Park is a scant two blocks away, I had worried that the venue itself would be inappropriate for our clientele. I questioned whether the rooms themselves would be noisy, the streets would be overrun with zealous fans, and whether the ambiance of the adjoining outdoor cafe would be ruined by foot traffic. So I stayed there on a Friday night to test the waters. Whatever perceptions I had originally were quickly cast aside by the incredible service and amenities offered by the first class staff. Check-in was efficient and professional, and we were wisked up to the room on an upper floor, as I had requested. Opening the doors everything was fresh and clean smelling, with wonderful French accoutrements throughout. Details: start with the oversized tub in the bathroom, continue to the Frette towels and bathrobes, and toiletries from a famous French line. Having stayed at other luxury properties I will say that nothing was skimpy in comparison. The beds were some of the most comfortable I've slept in, with luxury sheets caressing my skin while the pillowtop mattress welcomed my weary body. I may have snored I slept so soundly - without any noise from other rooms nor from the street traffic below. The state of the art phones would appeal to techies; as would the flat screen TV and wireless internet access. But I digress: in between check-in and tucking myself in, dinner at the attached restaurant was mouthwatering. Great Bay has received great reviews locally but had not been subjected to this admitted food snob's discernment. I will review this separately, but one word describes my feeling: KUDOS! Ditto for the food and owner-operated (as in on the floor) East Standard, located on the opposite side of the building, which raises the bar. Do you adore Paris? The only Boston spot where you can relax in the true Parisian style (heated year-round outdoor patio) is attached to this hotel. Somehow the awnings made one feel like a voyeur, separated from the masses. In a nutshell -- go there to be pampered like royalty! It really ranks in the top five Boston luxury properties.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>GGardner11
<Content>Favorite hotel in Boston       View of Fenway Park from Hotel Commonwealth  
<Date>Jun 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>MaineTravel50
<Content>GREAT Hotel ! My kids and recently stayed here for 3 nights as we were immersing ourselves in three Red Sox games over spring vacation. We arrived on a Tuesday and departed Friday. This is a wonderful hotel with a boutique feel that is right around the corner from Fenway Park. Our room looked out at the back of the park and the Green Monster. Although the Mass pike was between our room and the ballpark, the soundproofing made it virtually noise free and we never knew a highway was yards away. We had two queen beds and they were comfy! The hotel brought up a small refridgerator for us, on request, for free. The staff was helpful and friendly and there was wonderful turndown service each night with a large monogramed chocolate covered biscuit on the pillow. We hardly knew anyone else was in the hotel as the rooms are well insulated and sound proofed. The hotel also has a courtesy car and driver who drove us several times to various venues during our stay. I highly recommend this hotel if you want to stay near Fenway Park and enjoy accomodations that are pure joy.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>alexkhimich
<Content>Nice hotel Very nice hotel, friendly personal work hardly and well.Good guest rooms, comfortable bed, nice bathroom everything seemed new and very clean.Carl and Samuel at the front desk on the weekend shift were excellent. Very personable and helpful.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JBond214
<Content>Good hotel - good service Very nice hotel, located just two blocks from Fenway Park and within walking distance of the Prudential Center and other good Boston locations.Good guest rooms, comfortable bed, nice bathroom everything seemed new and very clean.Carl and Samuel at the front desk on the weekend shift were excellent. Very personable and helpful. I've stayed many places in Boston (Westin, Juries, etc.) and the small personal feeling of the Hotel Commonwealth is the best of the bunch.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>golconda
<Content>Fantastic hotel! Stayed at the Commonwealth two years ago and enjoyed it, so booked again for a college visit trip with my 17 year old daughter. I can't say enough about how wonderful the hotel is! Upon our arrival, we were told we could use the complimentary hotel car to go to our dinner reservation. When we returned from dinner, we were asked if we wanted to check out a DVD (from a library of 100 titles), and when it arrived to our room, it came with a bag of popped popcorn! When I asked if I could pay for a rollaway bed for my daughter's friend who stayed one night, I was told it was complimentary! I could go on and on about how friendly and helpful everyone was. This, of course, would mean nothing if the hotel and room facilities weren't great, but they also were----large, quiet, beautifully decorated room and bathroom, comfortable beds, flat screen TV, large desk and two lounge chairs. We travel a lot and like to stay at luxury hotels, and I have to say that the Commonwealth exceeded our expectations in every way. This property is one of the very best.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>TravelingBig
<Content>Can't live without it! I loved the Hotel Commonwealth! The staff at the desk were always very friendly and helpful. The driver was nice and available to take me to my meeting. The Great Bay was wonderful. I will never stay anywhere else when in Boston.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>musicmama28
<Content>Top Notch Hotel! Should be 5 Star! Recently returned from my 2nd stay at the Hotel Commonwealth (HC) and I highly recommend! I travel to Boston often, and usually stay at the Four Seasons because it is closer to my headquarters, however, decided to return to HC for a change from my usual routine. Honestly, I believe this hotel to be very close to that of the Four Seasons quality. The Commonwealth Room (jr. Suite) is huge and comfortable. 2 TV's, 2 phones, huge comfy king bed, Wi-Fi, great decor, extremely clean, (especially enjoyed the L'Occitane products, again, same as you'll see at the Four Seasons). The setup of the room is especially nice, as you can separate the sleeping side from the Business/lounge side with a huge curtain if necessary. Also, loved that the bathroom has a door separating toilet from bath/sink/dressing area. The service was impeccable. Front desk extremely courteous and helpful. Loved the nice touch of a personalized letter at turn down, thanking me for returning, along with some yummy treats. Gym is a tad on the small side, and that is the only partial negative I have of this hotel. The location is great, too. This hotel really feels like top notch luxury, with a bit of a twist (decor is not your average hotel decor). I can't wait to return during my next business trip.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>amandaMa_
<Content>Hotel Commonwealth lovely but... My husband and I just returned from a overnight stay at the Hotel Commonwealth, it was a lovely property the staff was very nice and helpful. We stayed in a commonwealth room which was very large with a extremely comfy king bed. I would reccomend this hotel the only draw back being we were on the third floor directly above the hotel restaraunt Eastern Standard and our room smelled of food the whole time.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TileKiln
<Content>A brilliant hotel, Loved it. Hotel Commonwealth, Boston Back Bay area.We have just returned from our third visit to the Hotel Commonwealth, and it is just as we remembered. It is superbly managed, every request is met with charm and professionalism. The Director of Guest Services organised every aspect of our trip brilliantly, thoroughly professionally and with care and consideration. The Reception staff are excellent, informative and friendly, likewise the Concierge and Doormen .The rooms are huge, with L'Occitaine products and a lovely comfortable bed with soft linen sheets and quilts. House keeping is excellent and the rooms are spotless . DVD's are available free, and arrive with a bag of popcorn. Turndown service arrives with cookies, and any other products you may require.We ate breakfast in the Eastern Standard each morning and were very well looked after.It is a first class hotel in every respect and we can't wait for our next visit. Thank you for a wonderful stay.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Minnesotan
<Content>Very Nice Overall stay very good. Hotel decor beautiful, service very good, location (directly above Kenmore T station) convenient. Restaurant in hotel (Great Bay) is awful -- avoid at all costs. Hotel exercise room small, and treadmills of low quality.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>next2none
<Content>Keep coming back Great place to stay. Close to everything. I absolutely loved the decor, the service and the luxury rooms. Will recommend.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>RumJumbie
<Content>Loved It! This review is somewhat delayed, but I wanted to be sure to share what a great experience my husband and I, along with another couple, had in Boston, including our stay at the Hotel Commonwealth. We came up from South Carolina to see both a Red Sox game and The Police at Fenway. Our room looked right out onto the Green Monster. The stadium was an easy walk from the hotel and filled with other Sox/Police fans starting hours before event time both evenings. And, the Eastern Standard restaurant was a great place to grab a quick bite and some drinks prior to game time!! We plan on going back next season!!! Maybe our next visit we can try the hotel's more upscale restaurant -- Great Bay.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Rose265
<Content>Fantastic stay at the Hotel Commonwealth Our son is a freshman at BU and based on the reviews on Trip Advisor we had tried to stay at the Hotel Commonwealth for his visiting days and drop off but it had always been booked. Finally because we made our reservations very early, we got in for Parents Weekend. What a pleasure! It was certainly worth the wait.We booked one of the larger rooms looking out on Commonwealth Avenue. It was perfect - it was very spacious and there were two distinct areas. One had a very comfortable king bed with large flat screen TV with a DVD built in. Near the windows was a nice sitting area with another flat screen/DVD combo TV. There was plenty of room for us to request a rollaway for our son to stay with us which was an extra bonus. We never felt cramped even with the rollaway. They had all the tech amenities - free wireless Internet and the phones had LCD screens for info and were cordless. The bathroom was large and a separate room for the toilet which was nice. The soaps and shower gel was very high quality and smelled delicious.The Eastern Standard restaurant is attached through a hallway. It is a separate building and the food was excellent, much better than the usual hotel food. This may be due to the fact it has its own entrance on the street and seems to have a lot of local business. It has a pub like atmosphere and specializes in fresh seafood. We returned for lunch twice and loved it, but when we tried to go late on Friday night it was too noisy for us because of the busy bar scene.Every member of the hotel staff was excellent. BU Parents weekend coincided with the Head of the Charles regatta and the Hotel was the official hotel for the race. The front desk called our room to make sure we knew that they were operating a complimentary shuttle to the regatta and that there was a hospitality tent for hotel guests. It was wonderful - they had a clean, luxury van waiting to drive us to the race. When we got there we couldn't believe the tent and food - it looked like a wedding! White linen tablecloths and fresh flowers on the tables, a buffet for breakfast that included fresh crepes, followed by a lunch buffet of stuffed crab, pumpkin risotto, shepherds pie, deserts. There was even hot chocolate with homemade marshmallows. All the food was catered from the Eastern Standard restaurant and each guest received a goodie bag to take home with a jar of the restaurant's special spice mix. This was all complimentary. The tent was right on the bank of the Charles River near the finish line so it was a wonderful location to watch the regatta.We really loved this hotel. Every detail is well thought out. As an example, we were constantly amazed that despite the fact the hotel was full, every time we pushed the button for the elevator the doors opened immediately. When we called for the rollaway bed it came almost instantly. We have stayed in several hotels in Boston within the past year - the Westin and Marriott in Copley Square and the Marriott in Cambridge and this is definitely our first choice for a hotel in Boston. It didn't cost any more than the other hotels and we left feeling it was money well spent. We can't wait to return.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jenlion
<Content>Mostly nice (except for a little paint thinner!) Had a very nice stay at the Hotel Commonwealth. The room was beautiful and looked out directly onto Fenway, which was pretty neat. And even though you're right over the Mass Pike, you don't hear road noise.No problems with the room itself or with the bathroom. Both are put together very well. We had a crib in our room when we arrived. Check-in was easy.We had a problem with the valet. When returning one afternoon, we wanted to just park, run upstairs, change clothes, and run down again -- we didn't have time for them to park the car (we'd have had to immediately call and say we needed the car... and we were already running late... we were literally inside the hotel less than ten minutes). The stupid doorman or valet or whoever he was did not understand that we were guests of the hotel and was pretty rude about wanting us to leave until we spelled it out for him and showed him our room keys. Not like we were dressed strangely, either -- my husband was in a nice shirt and tie after an interview all day! No idea why they treated us that way! Guess if you want the rifraff kept away from your hotel, that will happen!Had a much bigger problem with the paint fumes. Our last night there my husband woke me up at 3:30 am because of the terrible chemical smell. I got up and found it unbearably strong in the hallway and called downstairs. The guy on the phone informed me that yes, they were painting the service elevator, but it shouldn't be a problem for me. Ummm... would I be on the phone with you at this hour if there wasn't a problem?? Turns out it was paint thinner and no ventilation was set up. We were on the top floor, maybe the fumes collected there at the top of the shaft, or something. In any case, my eyes were burning, I was coughing, had a headache. Was online for 30 minutes trying to figure out if it was OK for our 6 month old baby to be in those fumes, or if we needed to make a run for it! But, the hotel did immediately get things ventilated somehow. Within two hours it was all cleared out and you'd never know it happened. So, while I'm mad that they did that, they did take care of it as soon as they knew it was a problem. (IN the meantime, we put a wet towel over the air intake for the heater. Hope that didn't wear the motor -- but it did work to clear the fumes more quickly from our room (I think), and it fixed the dry air too)!We had a small problem with the breakfast menu -- the menus are old and they just substitute things at random and hope you like it. Seems it would be better to print new menus. No real harm, but at those prices, seems to me the thing to do.Overall, though, it was a nice place to stay. Some things are over-the-top (borrowed movies arrive in gift bags), but I guess that's the type of hotel they want to be. The Eastern Standard restaurant was quite good too. Would definitely stay again, once I confirmed that NO painting was planned during our stay.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>coolteach
<Content>This is the place to stay in Boston Well, after reading such great reviews of this Hotel, I decided to book it for my weekend away to celebrate my anniversary.We booked a junior suite, which is a large room with a separate living room and bedroom. It had two televisions, a huge desk and comfortable chairs with an ottoman. The rooms are separated by curtains. It was nicely decorated, had great comfortable beds and super linens. They put a down comforter in between two high thread count sheets-what a great night's sleep. It wasn't too busy in November but the rooms were really soundproofed. When you walked into your room, you had your own little foyer with a closet. The bathroom shower was great with a shelf, immediate warm water and a separate toilet roomService was great. The location was as well. Some have said it is less than desirable due to it's location, but the Kenmore T stop is right outside the door of the hotel. Also it is close to Fenway, Newberry Street and the Back Bay area is very safe. You have to ride the T to get to the start of the Freedom trail, but I prefer not to stay in such a touristy area myself. It is well worth it to upgrade to a suite, by the way. For about $20 we had more space, and the extra curtains kept it really quiet and dark for sleeping. My husband had to wake me up one morning because I just kept on sleeping. It is classy, has restaurants on site, is near convenient stores, and we walked to the movies from there (that's our kind of nightlife fun).The only negative didn't have much to do witht the hotel-The T is a little confusing, sometimes you have to be careful not to take the wrong train on the same line, pay attention to the final destination on the outside of the car. Plus it can be crowded on the weekends. Overall, a great city and a great hotel. I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>pokerpro05
<Content>5-star hotel at 4-star price A quick browse through downtown-area Boston hotels will reveal one thing: Quality doesn't come cheap. Any decent hotel approaches $300, while the very nice ones all exceeed $400 per night.Hotel Commonwealth is the exception to that rule.Everything about Hotel Commonwealth is first class. The staff is extremely friendly and courteous. The rooms are beautiful and suit both the tourist and the business traveler. Even the internet is great -- you have both wired and wireless connections in your room, and both are free.Best of all, Hotel Commonwealth doesn't set hit you in the pocketbook like other top-rated Boston hotels. I got my Fenway view room for $265/night (before tax), while comparable properties were charging $150-$300 per night more.The location is also great. You are literally across the street from Fenway, and you're right next door to the T (subway) station.Only complaint: No self-parking, and valet parking was a pricey $36/day.I will be returning to the Commonwealth on my next trip to Boston. This is hands-down the best high-end hotel value in Boston.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>whatever999
<Content>couldn't have been better Brought my son to a couple of Red Sox games and stayed here for two nights. Service was exceptional (except the restaurant, stay outta there) and everything was juust perfect. Great location by fenway and by the T station.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>95814
<Content>Wonderful Hotel       Supreme Deluxe Room I  
<Date>Sep 29, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>nic1047
<Content>Quite Eloquent. My 2nd review of this hotel and for good reason. During my last checkout I requested a refreshment centre item that I had not taken be removed from the bill, and so the bill was amended, re-printed and placed in an envelope and I was on my way. Later when I looked at the bill instead of zero refreshment centre items there were now 2! which were cheekily added at check out knowing full well I would not re-open the envelope there and then. I still had the copy of my first bill. I rarely use hotel mini-bars so this hit a raw nerve. Hmmm. My previous stays have been more honest affairs and this hotel is very pleasant with friendly staff throughout. The rooms are very nicely furnished and the hotel being only 4 years old are still in fine decor. The windows are on the small size so the rooms are a little dark but this does a good job at keeping out the din of busy Kenmore Square at the front and the Highway at the rear. I once had a room above the bar that was not so quiet. Rooms have complementary wireless internet access and a DVD player with free DVD's from reception, but don't expect any blockbusters. The alarm clocks are quite useless and there is no coffee maker but there is free morning coffee in the lobby. The air conditioning has always been very effective and the bathrooms are quite spacious, nicely fitted out, include a bath and the soaps are top quality.The large Eastern Standard hotel bar with its high ceiling, long bar, open kitchen is to me one of the better bars in Boston but it can get very busy so finding a seat at the bar is not always possible, mind you the last 2 meals I had were served luke warm but this is not the norm. There is a further very smart separate restaurant which again serves excellent food and then there is The Foundation bar in the basement. Fenway Park which you can see from some of the rooms and the many night clubs are a 5 minute walk so the place really gets packed out on game days. There are several moderately priced good restaurants very nearby such as India Quality and Thai Dish with its tropical fish tanks that both serve excellent food. For wings and burgers there is The Beerworks brewpub and over the square there is a very popular home made burger joint. As an alterantive to the hustle and bustle of the city you can jump on the C subway line just 1 stop to St Marys or beyond and there are some real gems.The only nearby coffee shop is across the square in the book shop but this opens quite late so you may have to visit the Eastern Standard for that early morning Latte ($4.20 + tip so $5). Kenmore green line subway station is just 30 seconds away which you may choose to use to reach the finer parts of Boston such as Newbury Street, Copley Square and Downtown which are 10, 20, 35 minute walks respectively. A 7 day $15 subway pass is a snip for a ride on the oldest subway in the USA. Jump on at the head of the front carriage for a drivers eye view as the tram snakes along. Getting to the airport on the green and blue subways takes about 45 minutes. Taxi is typically 20 minutes and $35.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	3	5	5	

<Author>DeeZDallas
<Content>Wonderful Hotel My husband and I stayed one night at the Hotel Commonwealth and loved it.We came for a Red Sox vs Yankees game.The hotel was beautiful and the room was clean and elegant. It was also great to be within walking distance to Fenway.The only complaint I have is, we booked this room months in advance and reserved a room facing Fenway Park. When we checked in, they said they didn't put us in a Fenway Room, and that it wasn't that big of deal anyway to have that view. We wanted to be the judge of that. We wanted the Fenway view. Instead, we got a view of construction on the street side.Very disappointing.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	2	5	-1	

<Author>flop
<Content>Loved this hotel! This hotel is fabulous. Our room was very luxurious and spacious. The toiletries in the bathroom were fabulous and the beds turned down every night.....I don't know what more we could have wanted. The location may seem a bit outside of the main area however there is loads of restaurants and bars around it is only a short walk into the main area and taxis are cheap. We absolutely loved this hotel (and it is very reasonably priced) and we will definitely be going back again!!!  
<Date>Sep 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Fiveoclockcaptain
<Content>Rising Above in a Competitive Market My wife and I went to a Red Sox/Yankees game and stayed here one night in a Commonwealth suite.Check in was a nightmare - not the hotel's fault, when the Yankees are in town all of Boston become chaotic. 100 parties checking in in less than two hours. We had to wait two hours for our room, but we were upgraded due to the delay.The room was 5 star, every feature was at our finger tips and the furnishings were all top shelf.The food from Eastern Standard was excellent and surprisingly affordable for a big city hotel. The room service attendant was in a major rush, but again the hotel was sold out and the wait at the restaurant (where he worked) was two hours when we asked after the game. All in all a good effort. The food was hot and fresh.Parking was fine with the valet, but impossible if you did not use the valet. Kenmore Square has little or no public overnight parking, but should not be a surprise in light of Fenway.Except for Boston University, hospitals and the Red Sox, this hotel is oddly located for tourists, there's not much to do without a cab ride, not really walking distance to anything. This hotel competes hard with the Taj, Ritz, Four Seasons, etc., but its location is really inferior for business or touring.We will stay here again for Red Sox games, but would prefer Copley Plaza Fairmont or Taj or Ritz for weekends on the town.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>Loveworldtravel
<Content>Absolutely lovely stay! My teen daughters and I had a lovely six-night stay at the Commonwealth. Our room was beautiful, clean, spacious, and comfortable. Staff was extremely helpful with our various requests, professional and friendly. Our room had a great view of Fenway Park. The hotel was well located, right next to a T (the subway) stop. We purchased a week-use ticket which made it easy to get around. You can even take the T out to Harvard in Cambridge, MIT, and out to Tufts University in Medford. (We were doing some college tours.) A hidden pleasure is a branch of Commonwealth books which sells an interesting collection of used books adjoining the hotel. The lobby offers coffee (if you don't feel like making it in your room that morning) and muffins (blueberry, yum) each morning until 9am. Newbury Street, a beautiful shopping street, is close by. We'd happily stay there again.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>arb59181
<Content>Best Experience I have stayed at this hotel about a dozen times and every time it exceeds my expectations. The rooms are clean, spacious and well furnished. The staff is friendly, accomodating and helpful at all times. I couldn't ask for a better place to lay my head when visiting my old stomping ground. Another added bonus, the location is fantastic!  
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>wofford79
<Content>Homerun This is a fantastic place to stay. We were here for 4 days, the service at the hotel could not have been better. Subway stop right outside, so very easy to get everywhere. If you are a baseball fan like us, this is a dream come true. Every morning we woke up to the beautful site of Fenway. The staff was extremely helpful and very pleasant. We had 2 rooms, 2 adults, 2 college kids and a 9 year old. Everyone was happy, try to do that somewhere.Great place  
<Date>Aug 18, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mmagner
<Content>Amazingly Luxourious My husband and I went to Hotel Commonwealth for our honeymoon. We arrived at the hotel and the bellman promptly took our bags, parked our car and we were allowed to check into our room early. We had a Fenway View room and it was a quick walk to and from the Red Sox game we went to. The hotel is right next to the Kenmore T stop so it is really easy to get around Boston. The Hotel consierge was extremely helpful when it came to finding a restaurant. He directed us to a great spot with a spectacular view and delicious food. I cannot wait to go back to Hotel Commonwealth. It was the highlight of our vacation and I was so sad to leave!  
<Date>Aug 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JHAB
<Content>Nice hotel It was in 2005 that we stayed here for a break before our wedding back in the UK and before a flight out to Nantucket. Rooms were nice and big with 2 TVs, clean and staff were sufficiently attentive. Room service was prompt and food was hot. As a Londoner the proximity to Fenway park was initially lost on me, but seeing the stadium lit up behind the hotel and then seeing the game live on TV nearly converted this Brit to baseball - if you count buying a Red Sox cap, that is!Not the most central of locations, but we like to walk our destinations so enjoyed the walk into the centre. As others have said, the tube is next-door for those who don't fancy the walk.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>jagoda13
<Content>Excellent Great staff  very comfortable room!My husband  I stayed here with our 10 week old baby as a result of a flight cancellation that forced us to fly out a day later than planned. We called  reserved the room on the drive from the airport. The room was ready with the crib in place upon arrival.The room was very large with a divided sleeping and relaxing/working area. The bathroom was spacious, clean and comfortable with L'Occitaine bath products. Room service was prompt and the food (from Eastern Standard) was excellent. We were provided with a list of available DVDs that were at our disposal although we didn't have time to make use of it. The only downside was that we could hear a lot of noise from some other room through a ceiling vent. We were a bit confused as to how that was possible...All in all, we were very pleased with our experience at the Commonwealth. If we ever need to stay in downtown Boston again, we would definitely return.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>skipop
<Content>Overall, a very good stay This is actually an update of an earlier review I did on our stay at Hotel Commonwealth to take into account follow up actions by the hotel after our stay ended. We specifically selected Hotel Commonwelath for the Fenway View rooms for my kid who is a huge red sox fan. Unfortuantely, upon arrival, we were told there were no such rooms available because someone had extended their stay and Mass. law precludes eviction. So we were put in a different room that required us to put two persons on a sofa bad. Wasn't thrilled about paying $300+ bucks a night and having two of us sleep on a sleeper sofa. The front desk person assured us that he would send an e-mail to the morning desk agent to set aside a Fenway room if one became available. The next morning, I checked with the specific person at the desk who was supposed to have received the e-mail from the night desk manager and she had not received any such e-mail. She was rude, but was not exactly the most apologetic about the situation either. She said she would try and grab a Fenway Room if one became available. Ultimately, they were able to move us to a Fenway Park view room, and the stay picked up greatly from that point. [Please note that after our stay, we received a terrific letter from the Front Desk manager who sinceerely apologized for the mishap and also included a certificate for a discount on a future stay. The certificate was a nice touch, but the letter is what truly mattered. This was not a one sentence letter saying sorry, here's a certificate. Instead, the letter was a several paragraphs apologizing profusely and encouraging us to come back. It was very well written and unsolicited on my part. In short, it was a class act.]Other than the initial mishap, the service was excellent. From the doormen, to the bell staff, to the housekeeping staff - all were top notch. Very helpful, very friendly, always around if you needed them. The convenience to Fenway cannot be overstated. (A reletively new restaurant near Fenway, La Verdad, was a highlight. They have a corn and cheese appetizer that was truly amazing.The rooms were reletively large and we enjoyed the view of Fenway. No, you can't see in the stadium, but we didn't expect to be able to see in the stadium. It was still great to see the stadium lit up at night outside your window.But for the first night screw up, the stay was very nice and we will stay there again. Unlike previous posters, I didn't find the location for non-Fenway events to be a problem at all. The T station is right outside the hotel and we took that downtown everyday.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>OHSoxFan
<Content>Great for a Sox game We just spent 2 nights at the Hotel Commonwealth and enjoyed everything about the hotel. The location is great for a Red Sox game and the staff was professional and friendly. We had a Fenway Room which was fairly large, very clean and attractive. This is our new favorite hotel for games but I prefer the Copley Square area for sight seeing visits.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lkar
<Content>Don't Know Of Better Option For Fenway This is really an excellent option for a Fenway trip. If the Sox are not your sole or main reason for going to Boston, though, I might consider something a bit closer to downtown or near the Prudential Center, where there is much more happening. Everything is easily accessible by the T, which has an entrance, quite litterally, just steps from the lobby. And on game days, and for games, it's exactly where you want to be. But if you like a greater choice of restaurants and activities very close to your hotel, this might not be top choice.The room was outstanding, and the amenities are very nice. Quiet rooms, despite the hustle and bustle (and turnpike) right outside the door. The restaurants are fine, although the types of dining styles are not extensive and a bit pricey. There are a couple of places in immediate walking distance, but you'll want to take the T for some variety. (Although Boston Beer Works turned out to be a very great option, and no wait except before and after games.)The fenway view room was as advertised, although it's not exactly a view into the park. But it's still neat to look over there on game nights, particularly. You can sit at your window and watch the tours on the Green Monster. At the end of the day, the staff was great -- we're not demanding but the few requests we had were easily accomodated. I did notice, however, a little bit of indifference by the front desk staff (some were very young and seemed to be in their first service industry jobs -- I guess that's par for the course in a city of so many college kids). I happened to be in the lobby a few times right around check in time, and got to witness the handling of guests being told their rooms weren't quite ready yet and it was clear that this is both a common occurrence and one to which the staff has heard everything so often in terms of complaints that they are a bit tuned out. Still, by 5:00, the lobby was clear. Lots of great touches in the room. (Would have liked a coffee maker, though -- is that permitted in Mass?) Housekeeping staff was great. Bell service for storing luggage was immediate and easy. I'd definitely stay here again if the Red Sox were the key reason for the trip.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>calster
<Content>Best place to stay for a game A young, attractive, accomodating staff, well appointed furnishings, 3 bars, 2 restaurants, the Kenmore T stop right outside, Fenway 5 minutes away by foot...what else could one need for a stay in Boston for a game? Also, I screwed up the reservation by booking the wrong weekend and they still honored the quote given! This on a very busy weekend (Giants-Red Sox). We still got the Fenway view, awesome...furtherest away from the elevator....very quiet. The gym is nice: barbells up to 50 lbs., weight machine with multiple exercises, 2 each of elliptical, treadmill and stationary bicycle and 3 TVs.Only complaint is that they are not yet fully non-smoking and the smoke from people's rooms can permeate the hallways. Will definitely come back and stay.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>coto2
<Content>Superior in every way We just returned from a quick trip to Boston and unfortunately were only able to stay at this great hotel one night. It was really excellent in every way and I would mirror what many of the other reviewers have said. Outstanding location, outstanding service from everyone we had contact with, large, excellently appointed rooms with great linens, towels, soaps, etc. I can't say enough good things about our all too brief stay here. We had a view of Fenway that any Red Sox fanatic like myself usually only dreams of . To share a couple of examples of the superior service and commitment to their guests: We showed up in the morning before our room was ready and asked information about taking a tour of Boston. The concierge, Tim, was helpful in explaining the different tours and when we settled on the Old Time Trolley, he gave me his personal VIP card to use for four free tickets which saved our family of four over a hundred dollars!! Later in the day, I had to call down a couple of times to remind them that we'd requested a roll-away bed. They apoligized profusely and for our trouble, I received a personal note from the manager and a gift card worth $55 for breakfast at their restaurant next door!You can't go wrong unless you decide to stay somewhere else in the city.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tabedwell
<Content>Great hotel, wonderful location We recently stayed at the Hotel Commonwealth and absolutely loved it. The junior suite was VERY spacious, beautifully decorated, and spotless. The marble bathroom was gorgeous. The Kenmore T station is directly outside of the front door of the hotel, making getting around Boston on the T extremely convenient. The turn down service was really nice and the bed, adorned with upscale linens, was very comfortable.My only complaint is that there is only complimentary coffee M-F until 9 am. For as much as the room cost, there should have been at least coffee when you wanted it.  
<Date>May 17, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Fudgeman
<Content>Third stay at excellent hotel We stay here when we go to a Red Sox game. Large rooms, some looking down into Fenway Park. Very comfortable overall, convenient valet parking. Superior staff.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sendmetoprovence
<Content>wonferful Commonwealth We just returned from a lovely stay at The Hotel Commonwealth. The location is terrific. Having never stayed in Boston I was delighted to be located within walking distance to many poplular destinations but not so close to be bothered by traffic noises, etc. The hotel is steps away from the T for further venturing. The staff was wonderful, quite accommodating. The rooms are classic and stylish, request one with a view. We were there for the marathon which runs right in front of the hotel...perfect!  
<Date>Apr 17, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>KMS777
<Content>Highly recommend the Commonwealth My husband, 13yo son, and I decided to take a last minute trip to Boston for spring break. I had been to Boston on two other occasions to visit colleges with my oldest daughter and told them both how much I loved Boston. My son loves history, so he was very excited to go. I am very particular about hotels and spend a considerable amount of time booking and re-booking. After reading the reviews on this website, I decided to stay at the Hotel Commonwealth. We had a junior suite, which worked out very well for us. The service was excellent and we ate at the Great Bay Restaurant twice, also very good. The subway was literally steps from our hotel, which made everything in Boston extremely accessible.I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone staying in Boston. It had the beautiful furniture and decor of any upscale hotel, but had more of an intimate feeling.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>fabfinds
<Content>The best hotel in Boston! After a repeat visit I just want to say that this is really a fabulous little hotel, it is private feeling, beautifully decorated, meticulously maintained and overall a true pleasure. The rooms are large and very lovely. The bedding/mattreses afford a very comfortable nights rest and the service was excellent. Both restaurants offer a hip, cool vibe and offer upscale fare. The location is excellent, only a few minutes walk from all the hip shops and many great restaurants, and if you are on college tours, again this is a great location, some rooms have fenway views, a real perk for baseball fans. Overall having stayed at four other top hotels in Boston, this continues to be our favorite and not disappoint!  
<Date>Apr 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>stasiakay
<Content>Nice rooms, Great Service You can't ask for anything more from a city hotel. Great location with T stop at the front door. Couldn't ask for better service. Pleasant and accomodating. Rooms were large, airy with wonderful beds. Restaurant is added plus. Late night and breakfast. My only gripe. For the price I am paying for the room $36 per day to store my car is a bit much. You don't even pay that much in Manhattan.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>howe7032
<Content>Great Sox Location! My wife and I went up to Boston (Sept 2006) to see family and take ina Sox game and we stayed at the Hotel Commonwealth. We stayed in one of the Fenway Rooms, which don't provide views into the park, but if you're a die hard Sox fan and don't live in Boston, ANY view is great. The room was spacious and very comfortable. The location is outstanding. You can walk over to Fenway and there's a T stop right next door (along with a Dunkin' Donuts - very handy in the morning if you don't want to pay hotel prices for a quick breakfast). If you are there during baseball season expect crowds - the T stop is where just about everyone gets off for the game and there will be a lot of fans staying at the hotel as well. Over all though, I would definitely recommend this hotel and would stay here again (hopefully the Sox will win next time I see them!)  
<Date>Mar 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>momo3bigD
<Content>Amazing service We stayed at the Hotel Commonwealth while visiting colleges in Boston with our daughter. The hotel itself is lovely from lobby to the guestrooms. The staff was wonderful-- printing off college info that they had gathered. We booked the college exploration package for two rooms which came with small day packs, water bottles and info about Boston University. The package also came with breakfast for two which was actually a gift card to Eastern Standard restaurant. Each card (one for each room) had around $52 in value which not only covered breakfast for the four of us for 2 days but also a glass of wine one evening for my husband and myself.The location of the Hotel Commonwealth is great also--right next to the Kenmore T stop. Prudential Center shopping is not too far either.The real test of the hotel staff came AFTER we checked out. We were scheduled to fly out on Mar 16--when Boston received 9 inches of snow that shut down Logan Airport. While at the airport we ran into 25 high school students and 2 chaperones from Dallas (some from my daughter's class) who were also trying to get home after an organized college tour. We had already rebooked our rooms when I called them back to see if they could take in the stranded group for 3 days until they could get flights out of Boston. While initially hesitant for obvious reasons they agreed to take them in. Many of the students were surprised that such a nice hotel would be so accomodating to a group of high schoolers.I am hoping that my daughter ends up at a school in Boston so that I can return to the Hotel Commonwealth.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>docmark
<Content>An elegant hotel with great staff The Commonwealth is a pleasure from start to finish. The rooms are large and beautifully appointed. We particularly appreciated the leather topped, oversize partners desk, with chairs on both sides, a free ethernet port (or free wireless if you prefer), and a built in powerstrip with outlets for charging a pda, cell phone, gps and laptop simultaneously.The staff bent over backwards to accommodate our every wish. The doormen, bell staff, concierge and desk staff were all great. The hotel is conveniently located at the east end of Boston University, which I took my daughter to visit. We would stay here again in an instant.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>20Wins
<Content>The Perfect Boston Hotel While visiting my daughter, who attends Boston University, we stayed at The Hotel Commonwealth. This hotel is fabulous. Easy to get to, parking for a fee, the staff could not have been more helpful and the rooms were clean, quiet and very comfortable. Fenway Park was our view and to walk there took about 5 minutes. The hotel has a great restaurant with a large bar and a raw seafood bar. I will stay here many more times.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jacksmack76
<Content>Cozy Hotel, great hospitality Stayed here for a Convention at the Hynes. It was a brisk walk in February, but definetly do-able. We chose this hotel becuase all the other hotels closer to the Hynes were booked or outrageous in price. This hotel had 2 great restaurants, the Great Bay has excellent mussels and calamari and a very friendly bartender. They bring you cookies each night which was a pleasant surpirse. Price was very reasonable for the quality of the hotel. Rooms were immaculate. Great value and great atmosphere. Enjoyed being in a classic Boston building instead of a typical chain hotel. Would definetly recommend, especially if going to Fenway Park since it is right across the street.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>mpalmer351
<Content>Great Choice When In Boston! Having stayed in numerous other Boston hotels and a former resident of the Kenmore area, I was quite pleased to finally try the Hotel Commonwealth.The hotel is located in the heart of Kenmore Square and convenient to all areas of Boston. The Kenmore stop on the Green Line of the T is built into the hotel. Although not a downtown or financial district location, the hotel is close to Fenway Park, the Back Bay, Hines Convention Center, Boston University, MIT, Harvard, and Cambridge. Dowtown can be reached in under 10 minutes on the T. As a lifelong Red Sox fan, you could not choose a better view than that of one of the hotel's Fenway rooms. Our room looked straight out into Fenway Park. The rooms are first-class and something that you might expect from one of the superior hotels found downtown. The hotel also provides an evening turn-down service, complete with chocolates before bed.This is truly a first-class hotel and should definetely be considered when choosing the right place to stay in Boston.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>Sweeper
<Content>Great Time At The Commonwealth We stayed at the Commonwealth during the first week of December and had a wonderful time.We booked a Commonwealth room which was spacious and comfortable and looked out on to Commonwealth Avenue. We didn't want to stay right in the city centre so this hotel was ideal as it was only 2 stops on the T or a $6 cab ride in to the main shopping area. We only ate bvreakfast at the hotel so can't really comment on the dining but what we had was excellent. The staff were always courteous and helpful and it was handy to have heaters while waiting for the doorman to get us a cab!I would happily recommend this hotel to anyone travelling to Boston.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>YOW76
<Content>Much better than similarly priced hotels My colleague and I stayed here while attending an annual conference in Boston. We had always stayed at the Hyatt prior to this, but we had decided to try this hotel on a whim. We now wished we had known about the Hotel Commonwealth years ago. I cring when I think about all those wasted over-priced stays at the Hyatt. The Commonwealth far outshines its competitors in terms of the quality of the rooms and of the service. Our room was absolutely beautiful and had a view over Fenway park. We raved about this hotel to all our friends at the conference and plan to stay here every year now.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>acvaut
<Content>Fantastic I've stayed here twice (New Years and March) and couldn't be happier with their service and the accomodations. I did their package where you can prepare lunch with the Chef at Eastern Standard and I must say it was one of the best experiences of my life. (And best birthday celebrations) I recomend this for anyone looking for a relaxing break from the city even if you live here or are visiting.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>chi_traveler2
<Content>Nice but noisy! Walls were paper thin and we could hear the tv and talking in the room next door. They started cleaning at 8:30am (in the hallways) and that woke us up. The rooms were very nice but you could hear everyone else's doors slam and other room noise. It was a fancy place and the staff was great but for the price, I expected a little quieter room.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>layla61
<Content>most comforatable hotel bed ever! This hotel was fantastic! We booked it because it said it was close to Fenway, and was it ever! We could see into the park from our window. The rooms were super luxurious with the most comforatable bed/linen I've ever slept in. The lobby was very hip and the restaraunts in the hotel are very good.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>mao23
<Content>Not four stars A decent hotel but definitely not Four Seasons quality or service level, which I think is what they are trying to reach. The hotel walls must be very thin, because I heard the ice machine every night, as well as the rather loud guests heading to the elevator at midnight. We had requested a crib for our room and the one we got was unstable and it took more than two hours for staff to find a sheet that fit it. The one they eventually found had to be held together with safety pins! The staff were competent but not particularly welcoming. Turndown service was also a bit random--we got cookies one night but nothing the other three nights we were there.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JoAnnchilada
<Content>Lovely hotel, delicious breakfast My fiance and I stayed the evening we got engaged (we're Mass residents). The hotel staff was extremely pleasant from the moment we handed the keys over to the valet to when we checked out. We stayed in a suite. One side of the room- closest to the windows- had a nicely furnished, comfortable, and spacious sitting area with a TV. A curtain could be pulled to separate the seating area from the area with the bed and bath, which came in handy since I woke up earlier and wanted to watch some TV and read. When we arrived in our room, champagne, fine chocolates, and a note were waiting for us (not something my fiance requested - just a gesture from the hotel). The handwritten card congratulated us and thanked us for choosing the Hotel Commonwealth to spend our special evening at. What a thoughtful touch. We're just two kids in our early twenties, not staying in the most expensive room, so the gesture was that much more appreciated. Sometimes I feel snubbed by hotel staff, like my money isn't as valuable because I'm younger. Not so at this hotel.The bathroom in our suite had a separate toilet area from the shower/sink area. The tub shower was large with beautiful marble. The bedding was very soft and comfortable, with plenty of pillows. It was like sleeping on a cloud.Our friends stayed as well, but in a standard room. It had less bells and whistles and was more like your standard, nicer hotel room. They really enjoyed it.When we stayed, there was construction (of course- it's Boston!). Regardless, the room was insulated from the hubbub of the city streets below and construction.I called down to the valet in the morning and asked if it would be possible to leave our car in the garage for the day until 4pm, even though we checked out at 11am. I threw in that we were there for our engagement evening. No problem - we spent the day in Boston without paying for parking, other than the typical fee to park at the hotel overnight.The in-room breakfast. I think this is why I hold this hotel so dear in my heart. I've stayed at nice places in my life - eaten at wonderful restaurant. But never in my life had I, or have I since, had fruit like I had that morning. It may sound weird or trivial, but it was so delicious I was taken aback. We went a little nuts on the breakfast and got omelettes, toast, homefries, the fruit! :), coffee and tea, and other things I'm sure. I know we spent more on breakfast than we typically would for dinner in the city. Everything was phenominal. I'd love to see what this hotel can do for lunch and dinner.The hotel is really well located and you can walk to many locations. If you're unfamiliar with Boston, it's very accessable by foot and by subway (T). But there are, of course, areas that are less accessable, and this hotel is in a good location if you would like to walk to attractions, restaurants, the Common, etc. I would be content to spend my honeymoon at this hotel, even though I'm a life long Mass resident. I know my fiance wants to get away - but for another holiday in the future, I'm staying at the Hotel Commonwealth. You will not be dissappointed!  
<Date>Oct 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>CheBird
<Content>Fantastic hotel I travel to Boston often for work and usually stay at the Sheraton near Copley. They were sold out in June, so I booked the Commonwealth instead. Since then, I've been back to Boston 3 times and have stayed at the Commonwealth, foresaking the opportunity to earn more Starwood points at the Sheraton. The Commonwealth is such a nice boutique hotel. They provide turndown service every night with cookies and chocolate truffles. Plush robe and slippers are provided. The bathroom and rooms are posh. They remember my name every time I check in, and it's not as though I'm all that frequent of a guest. It's a quick walk to Newbury St. and is located next to the Kenmore Sq. T station. The staff is outrageously friendly. I feel like this hotel is my little secret (not anymore, I suppose). I wouldn't even consider staying at the Sheraton in Boston again.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jackfurlongesq_123
<Content>Comm. Ave. is a work in progress... My daughter is at Boston University, literally across the street from the hotel. My experience stems from roughly half a dozen stays over the last 30 months.Location: Back Bay means different things to relators, visitors, and cabbies. The hotel is a couple of blocks north of Fenway, across a bridge over the Mass. Pike. Road noise is an issue, so you may wish to book Comm. Ave. side to reduce it. Unless you're sleeping in on a weekday. Commonwealth Avenue has a long term construction project at the west end of Kenmore Square. (They took down an old bus depot, and in another five years, they'll put up...a traffic light with three trees?) The hotel's web site is accurate. Kenmore Square is a beautiful stroll, but it is east of the hotel. You'll have a view of Barnes and Noble across the street. Still, the T' (Green Line) is right next door, easy to navigate, and able to get you downtown quickly. Pru Center and MFA are a decent walk.Rooms: Basically two types of room, deluxe and junior suite (they have the real kind, but those price out of the range of almost anyone who actually reads on the Internet). The junior suite is a bed room next to an open sitting room doubling the size, with a full wall curtain you can pull to separate the two. The sitting area has its own tv, writing desk, free Internet, comfortable leather club chairs, and an ottoman. Hall noise can be an issue that could easily be solved if guests actually recalled that they were, well, guests. But then, self-absorption has reached pandemic proportions in our country, so why should things be different in a hallway outside a series of bedrooms? Talk as loud as you like. So what if it's two a.m.? The game's over; you had six beers; we WANT to know what you said to that chick you followed to the girl's room. Service: Many of the employees are hotel school students from BU, trying hard, but not often sure how to handle the off-speed pitch (OK, my last baseball metaphor in the shadow of Fenway), like a request for late check out, etc. There is a support staff contingent from the Dominican who are extremely helpful, despite the disrespect I have witnessed from some guests. The restaurant adjacent to the lobby is uneven and pricey ('Hey, it's Boston, whaddya' expect?'), but on its good days it is a fresh sea food bistro that should probably not try to serve breakfast. Of course, any hotel that stocks L'Occitane in its bathrooms starts ahead of the pack. And they keep a large stock of DVD's at the front desk which you can borrow if you'd like your kids to curl up and watch a movie. The treat? Free goodie bag for the kids to go with their flick.Price: Depends on when you go, dramatically. Junior suite on January 1-2? $195/night. Same room during Head of the Charles weekend? Add $400. Is $600 (taxes included) too much for a spacious junior suite with free Internet, writing desk, black and white postcard photos of Red Sox of yore? Probably. But the same room, give or take, at the Four Seasons downtown is $1100 (Hey, it's Boston, whaddya' expect?)Bottom line: a reasonable, but lesser alternative to the Four Seasons/Ritz Carlton options closer to the Common. If you're destination is Fenway or Boston University, this is the ONLY option for upscale rooms, products, and service. Just keep reminding yourself. It's cheaper than the Common, and less crowded than Cambridge.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	3	

<Author>natureniche
<Content>location, location We stayed here July 18. One of the priciest hotels we have ever stayed at but it was only for one night and we really wanted to see a Red Sox game. The location was amazing. To be able to walk to the game with the crowds over the bridge was very exciting. No parking hassles! The third floor room itself looked out to the Fenway Park sign so that was cool too. The beds were incredibly comfortable. You just melt into that mattress. I found the room to be quiet. There was a thunderstorm going on outside which usually wakes me up but not this night. The air conditioning was lovely on this hot, humid day too. My only complaint was that after flying in from out of country, and having a cab ride from hell ftom the airport we arrived at the Commonwealth at 3:30 pm to find that the room wasn't ready. Check out is at noon so that seemed sluggish! Another minor complaint was that we weren't told that there was coffee in the lobby in the mroning, so I went out to buy some at a local fast food, ohly to find a coffee pot in the side lobby when I returned. The room toiletries were way too fragrant too.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2006
<Rating>4	2	5	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>Redbud
<Content>Excellent!          View from my room  
<Date>Jul 28, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>xraytrip
<Content>luxury with a fenway view I brought my husband here for his birthday so we could spend a romantic night away from home. I picked this hotel because it had rooms with views of fenway park. My husband loved it. We walked down to the park and checked out the shops. We thoroughly enjoyed the wonderful breakfast we shared in our room. The only thing that would have made this stay the best, tickets to a game!  
<Date>Jul 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>von_clam
<Content>Jackhammers, 2AM The jackhammering started promptly at 1:30 AM, directly outside our window. The hotel hadn't warned us, they weren't able to tell us when it would end, and they didn't know if it would happen again the next night. We were eventually moved to another room. The hotel was not able to provide a comparable room because all of the large rooms are on the construction side.The Commonwealth faces onto Kenmore Square where a subway station is being renovated. Apparently (I later discovered), the work is done between 1:30 and 4 AM when the subway isn't operating.I indicated that I was leaving ahead of schedule and that I expected a discount for the sleepless night. The manager refused to grant a discount. The front desk clerk added that they had tried to accomodate me and that they were waiving the penalty they normally charge when a guest leaves before the end of their reservation.I was very surprised by this treatment. This is a luxurious (and expensive) hotel. I was treated this badly at the Plaza, but I assume that was some kind of exhibition of local manners designed to fulfill the expectations of visitors.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2006
<Rating>2	2	5	3	5	2	2	5	

<Author>HelloandHi
<Content>Pretty Good... a couple minor problems I visited this hotel on business during the week of July 17th. The hotel is beautiful and conveniently located. The staff is very nice as well. I had a couple problems though....The hotel does a turn down service for everyone. Which, would ordinarily be nice. However, I didn't know about this... so when I came back to my room at 10pm, to find that the door had not been closed all the way, I was pretty upset and nervous that someone had been in my room. I guess the maid came in, did the turndown, and then didn't close the door all the way (left the deadbolt out, so the door didn't shut). Needless to say, this was extremely careless... but I would assume that it was a mistake. The other issue is that the walls are very thin... I could hear everything. In fact, I awoke on my second night to find my ENTIRE BED shaking... which I presumed to be my neighbors. However, even trying to fall asleep was difficult because of the hall traffic. What would have normally been minor noise, seemed louder b/c the gap between the door and the floor was rather large (allowing light and sound in). The walls were also very thin, which didn't help either.Besides my minor issues... this hotel is very nice and clean.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2006
<Rating>4	2	2	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JuicyCouture
<Content>Highly Recommend the Hotel Commonwealth! We traveled to Boston for a family member's wedding and the reception was being held at the Hotel Commonwealth. After careful consideration, we booked a room at the Commonwealth and we are very glad that we did! It was an excellent hotel. We arrived after having been traveling literally all day and we were exhausted. From the moment we stepped out of our sedan from the airport, the doorman assisted us immidiately and made us feel very welcome. Check in went fairly smoothly although they told us the rate was $20 more per night than what they had told us when we originally booked the room. That aside, everything went very well. The bell hop took the bags up to the room immidiately which was very much appreciated. The rooms are very large and spacious --you definitely will not feel as though you are sitting on top of each other. I know one of the other reviews stated that the furnishings try to look antique but fail and while yes, I do see what they meant, it is really a non issue in my opinion. The room was immaculate and the furniture seemed sturdy and it did compliment the room well. The beds are hands down, the best beds I've ever slept on at a hotel, coming in even above the Four Seasons. The sheets were very soft and they didn't have a cold hotel feel at all. The matress and pillows were fabulous. If you are one who likes a firm matress and/or pillow, you may not find it as comfortable as I did so that is something to keep in mind. The bathroom was also spacious and the tub was very deep. If you need a lot of space for your beauty products or whatnot, you will love the huge counter top. The L'Occitane bath products were a welcome addition as well. The hotel offers nightly turn down service which was included in our room rate. It was a very welcome addition to return to the room after a full day of activities and have classical music playing and have lovely cookies on the pillow. The hotel also has a house Mercedes which is available for guest use. It was free of charge and our driver took us just about everywhere we needed to go, whether it was shopping or to various wedding festivities. A very much appreciated touch! I would definitely stay at the Hotel Commonwealth if I travel to Boston again. It is an excellent hotel and they exceeded my expectations. When we got the bill at check out, we were happy (and suprised) that the hotel had removed the extra $20/night they had added for the extra person in the room. I highly recommend the Hotel Commonwealth. You really can't go wrong here. If you don't mind spending the money, don't hesitate to check it out!  
<Date>Jul 11, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>oneluckyb
<Content>Best hotel EVAH! I am a Boston University alum and on a whim and after not being able to get Red Sox tickets in Atlanta, my husband and I decided to take an impromptu trip to Beantown. I had heard about Hotel Commonwealth and knew the location would be perfect to show my husband all my old haunts. Imagine my surprise when we found a great rate for oneof their smaller rooms! I immediately booked and could not wait to arrive at my first luxury hotel, as we normally stay at middle of the road places when we travel. (Doubletree, Sheraton, etc.) The outside of the hotel is beautiful and really spruces up Kenmore Square, for anyone that was a BU student from 92 -96, HC is where the IHOP use to be. They renovated the Kenmore Square T exit so when you come above ground the hotel is directly to the right. Through the double doors(with doorman) and you walk into top notch luxury. Plush carpeting, fantastic decor. At the counter we were greeted quickly and efficiently by a lovely woman with an accent. If it had been my first time to Boston I felt confident the front desk staff would be helpful in everyway possible.Our room was on the 3rd floor and when we got off the elevator, the window in the foyer gave a wicked awesome view of the Green Monster and Fenway. My husband was stoked, as this was his first live view of Fenway. We got to the room and I was amazed. Granted this was one of their smaller rooms, but it was gorgeous and definitely big enough for two. There were two closets, one housing a safe. A desk, armoire with TV and stocked minifridge. I felt like royalty! The bed was soft and had a ton of pillows. The bathroom had beautiful tile and L'Occitane toiletries. Every felt so grand I almost didn't want to leave the room!!Overall I will suggest this hotel over and over for anyone visiting Boston for the first or 50th time. The prices are right on with comparable high end hotels. The location is excellent and the service and atmosphere can't be beat!!  
<Date>Jul 10, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>j2000princess
<Content>Great room- great location! My boyfriend booked us a room here for my birthday and we were very pleased with our stay. The staff was very friendly and personable; they even joked around with us as we were checking in. The room was clean and spacious. I am a huge Red Sox fan so the view of Fenway Park from our room was spectacular! The hotel is in a great location with inside access to two restaurants, Eastern Standard and Great Bay. I had eaten in Eastern Standard before our stay and recommend it to everyone- service is impeccable, food is fantastic and the price is just right. We ate at Great Bay the night of our stay- service was exceptional but we were not impressed with the food for the price. Within walking distance to Fenway Park, lots of nightclubs, and the Green Line to take downtown. I am a travel agent with high standards and would stay in the Hotel Commonwealth again and again.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>unclechuckle
<Content>Superb Stayed here in December and completely happy with everything! Upgraded on arrival (as we'd requested some champagne in advance from concierge) and they took it that we were on our honeymoon! Service good throughout hotel, particularly in the 3 fantastic restaurants/bars. Not overly expensive (for a Londoner). Would definitely stay again and recommend to all.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>TXBluebonnet
<Content>Highly recommend I almost hate to write another great review for fear the hotel will always be booked. But the Hotel Commonwealth was great. We stayed with our daughter in a very large, comfortable room with 2 Q beds overlooking Fenway Park. Plenty of room to spread out. The hotel is next to I90 (between hotel and Fenway) but we never heard a sound from traffic. Parking is expensive ($34/day) but the T Greenline is just outside the hotel. We rented a car our last day from the Rental company in the Hotel shops to run errands and drive back to the airport. Reasonable rates and very clean cars. I definitely recommend the Hotel Commonwealth.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>softcoverbook
<Content>Liked it better than the Ritz!       wonderful spacious bathroom  
<Date>Mar 22, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Top Notch Service The friendliness of the staff at Hotel Commonwealth began as soon as we pulled up to the front door--the valet was exceedingly pleasant and helpful, hard to believe given the brutally cold weather. The front desk clerk was equally welcoming and immediately checked us in. Our room was just beautiful and looked exactly like it was shown in a virtual tour on its website, and at an extremely reasonable price. The entire room was in excellent condition--extremely clean, no wear and tear to be found. The room was large with a nice view, lovely furniture, 2 closets. The king-size bed and many pillows were heavenly. The bathroom was bright and clean and had plenty of towels.The room provided an iron, ironing board, lots of hangers, the usual bathroom items....and bathrobes--really nice ones!They provide turn-down service, accompanied with delicious cookies! The maid was gracious and very friendly.We had dinner at a restaurant inside the hotel, Eastern Standard--it is one of the most beautiful restaurants I have been in--great food, top notch service. Overall, our entire stay was a pure pleasure, from beginning to end. It's a beautiful hotel with outstanding service and it's in a great location. Just to let you know--I am extremely critical and I found nothing to complain about here--really!  
<Date>Mar 7, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Boutique Hotel My conference was at the Hynes/Marriot/Sheraton; those two hotels were so impersonal compared to the Hotel Commonwealth. A real person called to wake me up and greeted me by my last name. The maid turned down my bed everyday with a pretty and delicious cookie on my pillow. They extended my check-out time by 2 hrs with no questions asked. The front desk, the doormen and the maids were friendly. The room and amenities were not ultra luxurious, but the gym was adequate for a guilt-ridding evening workout. Comfortable and clean bed and bathroom met my expectations and I travel a lot internationally. The only thing negative: you can hear people outside of your door, if there happens to be a loud and chatting bunch. For $159 per night (watch out for the taxes, though, about $18 or so) and 5-10 mins by foot to the Prudential Shopping Center, this is a great place to stay, especially after a day of stressful/boring meetings.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>needsun4fun
<Content>great hotel this hotel seems to be not very well known yet, but it's wonderful. small, boutique hotel on the campus of boston university with all the amenities: two lovely restaurants, Great Bay and American Standard, beautiful linens, comfortable beds, nice furnishings. great location for bu and fenway park. prices vary dramatically depending on if the red sox are in town since you can literally see the stadium from your room.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>traveler1345
<Content>Great for going to Fenway Park! We've stayed three times at Hotel Commonwealth. Two of them were for going to Fenway Park to watch the Red Sox, and the third time was for an easy getaway. Hotel Commonwealth is centrally located, so you are close to everything after a reasonable walk.The rooms at Hotel Commonwealth are superb! Everything is new and very clean. The two queen sized beds were a great find. The sparkling bathrooms are mostly made up of marble, and are filled with L'Occitane products! Every night turndown service came and left delicious cookies and chocolates from the hotels Temper chocolates. Dining was really good, but maybe not great. Eastern Standard was a nice restaurant, but just had a very limited menu. Good plate of offal didn't appeal to me and I wasn't ready for my father's liver and onions!We overall have had nice times at Hotel Commonwealth. We haven't had as much luck with dining, but other options are nearby. We will be planning to go back to Hotel Commonwealth again in the near future.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>revjeff
<Content>A real winner in Kenmore Square My wife and I decided to take a weekend getaway up the road in Boston. In looking for a hotel, I wanted something nice, but not terribly expensive. I thought the rate for the Hotel Commonwealth (about $ 199 per night) seemed a little steep-- but not really for Boston where a night at a first class hotel like the Ritz or the Four Seasons can run up to $ 400. Plus, the Commonwealth is right next door to one of our favorite Boston restaurants (Petite Robert Bistro), with lots of bookstores in the area, so we decided to give it a try. We were not disapppointed. And the nightly rate was well worth it for the excellent service and marvelous accomodations we enjoyed. This is an exceedingly well run hotel; everyone from the front desk staff to the bellhops to the parking attendants seem intent on doing their jobs to their full ability. They were extremely friendly and efficient, and made us feel pampered and welcome indeed!The hotel is only about two years old, so the facilities are in excellent condition-- and everything is spotless. Our room was HUGE-- twice as large as some comparable places we've stayed. Amenities and facilities are excellent. Our only complaint was a slight problem we had with regulating the temperature: hot one moment, cold the next, but eventually we got it all right. Do yourself a favor next time you're in Boston and stay at the Hotel Commonwealth.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolutely Loved this hotel! Our friends stayed there previously and my wife and I had read about the hotel in T+L and in-flight magazines when we travel, so we thought we'd give it a shot. We were amazed at the service, the L'Occitane products, and how big the rooms were. We had a parlor room called the Commonwealth room and it was all we had wished for: two tvs, drapes that pull and split the room in two and so much more. We will recommend to everyone we know when they travel to Boston.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beyond my Expectations! My wife and I stayed at the Hotel Commonwealth for New Year's Eve. We booked a wonderful package that included admission to the First Night events as well as a spectacular brunch the following morning. We were impressed with check-in where we were surprised with a champagne toast! We departed for the nights events and were given great directions from the doorman. Upon returning at the end of a long night, we arrived back at the hotel. We entered the lobby and we were greeted by a wonderful young lady who wished us both a Happy New Year. At the lift we were greeted by a security man who called the lift for us and also wished us a Happy New Year and told us to have a wonderful night. Impressive, smiles from everyone! The service here is second to none. The rooms are pure heaven, the beds are the most comfortable I have ever slept in. We will stay here when in Boston and reccommend this hotel to anyone considering Boston for holiday.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>GlassHalfEmpty
<Content>The Positives Win My wife and I stayed at the Commonwealth for 3 days over Christmas of 2005. Our experience with the various staff was always positive- they were helpful and anticipated our needs. The room we had was designed for handicapped people, which we aren't, so it might have been a little different than one of the regular rooms. The bath was enormous although there wasn't any special accomodation re. the design of the bathtub so getting in/out was the same as it would of been for anyone, aside from the additional handrails. The bed was very nice and the 2 lounge chairs were probably better then you would get at most other hotels- very comfortable. There was always ice in the ice bucket every evening which was new for us. There was no coffee maker in our room which is a negative. Also, the water pressure in the shower was basically terrible, which didn't make any sense either. I thought the location was good because it is at Kenmore Square, you can take the 'T' anywhere you want to go. You can also walk to the malls on Newberry street, Back Bay, etc. The adjoining restaurant is a winner, both in quality and asthetics. If you aren't concerned about money then you won't object to the room rate, otherwise I think you will feel like it is costing more than it is really worth. This is a new hotel which is lacking in any real 'character' but delivers on most of the needs travelors have come to expect from a more expensive hotel.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>libbsjm
<Content>Super Clean!! I do agree that the decorations are a bit bla. However, the location and cleanliness of the hotel more than make up for what it is lacking in interior design. The bed is also extremely comfortable and the L'Occitane amenities are a magnificent touch. I have been known as a very picky traveler and I would recommend the Commonwealth to anyone. This hotel is spotless!!  
<Date>Dec 22, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Bahadir
<Content>Very pleasant hotel I had a very pleasant stay here. The hotel was very clean and comfortable (gives you an impression that it is a very new hotel). The staff were very friendly. They offer free internet in rooms, mine did not work (probablty due to my laptop), but the on-site technician did his best to make it work. They actually knock the doors at night and give cookies and chocolate :)) I would certainly stay here again  
<Date>Dec 11, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Never stay at Hotel Commonwealth!!!! I stayed at the Hotel Commonwealth one night. When I left in the morning I forgot my jewelry on the night table. I called back to see if they could get it for me. Apparently the maid had already cleaned the room and guess what... they couldn't find my jewelry. I was dumb-founded by the way they handle it. The maid claimed that we had left our door ajar. Hmmmm... Basically they told me that I should have locked up my jewelry in the future and that was that. I advise no one to stay at this hotel, apparently the customer is never right.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DrMac
<Content>Pseudo Elegance -- But Quite Comfortable       Exterior of the Hotel: Kenmoore subway exits right under the hotel.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just OK My husband  I celebtated our anniversay on the weekend of 8/25 - 8/27 in Boston. I had never been to Boston before and I made reservations six months in advance. One of the must-see events for us was to go to a baseball game at Fenway Park. So after reading may positive reviews on different hotels in Boston, we decided to stay at the Boston Commonwealth hotel because it was close to the park. We were first impressed by the way the doorman greeted you and opened the door to the beautiful lobby. However, things changed quickly. When we were brought up to our room, the first thing the bell hop said to us was that he thought that the air condtioning unit sounded a little noisy. My husband and I decided that the noice would be tolerable. Well, that was not the case! We could not sleep the entire night. When we complained the next day, a repairman came to our room to fix it. He told us that this room is always a problem with noise and that is was because the motor was located on top of this room. Needless to say, we were very upset that after booking this room six months in advance, and knowing that we were celebrating a special occasion, that this room was given to us. After we complained to the manager, we were given another room and free breakfast at the restaurant in the hotel. The service at this restaurant was so poor, that we almost left. We sat at our table for least 30 minutes before a waitress gave us a menu. The next day, our only other choice for a closeby restaurant for breakfast was McDonalds. The service there was even worse. I think it probably took about an hour to get an egg mcmuffin.However, I did love Boston and am planning a trip there again next year with my sister. I will definitly be staying at a better location next time.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good sized rooms, comfortable beds, great hotel My family stayed at the Hotel Commonwealth for 3 nights in October of 2005. Based on the reviews in Trip Advisor, we were not disappointed. The four of us stayed in a Fenway room with 2 Queen beds. The beds were so comfortable including down pillows and a down comforter wrapped in Italian Frette sheets. The oversized room was wonderful for a hotel in the city. Amenities such as the L'Occitane bath products and the chocolate covered graham cookie were a special touch. I've read other reviews from others complaining that the hotel isn't in the heart of the city or close enough to the action. I thought the location was great, Newbury street was 3 blocks away filled with shops and restaurants. The Kenmore T station just steps away from the front door was so convenient. We were there to see the whole city not just a specific area so this worked great for us. Granted the view of Fenway stadium wasn't a beautiful view, but if you're looking for a competitive rate, large room, comfortable beds, and nice amenities, the Hotel Commonwealth was superb. We would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>samsmom2006
<Content>Great hotel for family trip! Our family stayed here 2 nights in September based on a positive review in the New York Times. We reserved a Junior Suite. It was a clean, gorgeous and spacious room overlooking Fenway Park. Hotel is steps away from Kenmore Square T station. It was a very nice, safe hotel in the middle of the city. Large bathrooms, solid housekeeping. We will definitely return!  
<Date>Oct 4, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Eh Alright hotel - too expensive and lacks character.Also, in a dissapointing location. Kenmore Square is not what I would consider an ideal location. No, you could not stay at a better place so close to Fenway Park, but Boston has more to offer than just the baseball. I used the subway on a regular basis to bring me towards downtown area. Next time I will stay somewhere closer to the action so I can walk more and take public transit less.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Charming, spacious, wonderful After reading many many reviews on the hotels listed for Boston, I booked the Commonwealth. Although it is outside the hustle and bustle, Hotel Commonwealth is a perfect location for a couple. My partner was there on business so I had the day to myself. After packing light for the overnight stay I realized after a few hours of wandering that my bag was just too heavy.It was a little before noon so I was skeptical that i would be able to check in but given the proximity to the T -Kenmore stop -I popped over to drop my bag with the concierge. A really sweet front desk attendant was kind enough to check me in right then.Our suite was really well appointed with great quality sheets and towels, amenities and was very spacious. The bed was ultra comfy, the furniture in the sitting area and general decor was excellent. Although the street below was busy, very little of the noise translated into the room.With limited time and desire to venture far from the room- we dined downstairs at Great Bay. Loved it! Our server James allowed us to order way too much :) but his service, the food and atmosphere made for a wonderful evening. The lighting in Great Bay is warm and calm. Food presentation and portions were great. We had the sweet and sour shrimp, gnocci, miso soup, stuffed lobster and a white fish i can't remember the name of.All in all, I absolutely loved this hotel, the area and all the staff we encountered. I'm the type of traveller that does not need a lot of assistance or coddling - so I found the class and respect for privacy to be supurb throughout the hotel and restaurant.The only two things that were outside of perfect were the room smelled pretty smokey. I smoke- not where i sleep -but even for me it was pretty strong and the fire alarm went off for about 20 minutes (due to some issue at Eastern Standard) but there was a really irritating recorded message that played way too many times during and after the alarm.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>weekendtripper
<Content>some niggles - maybe not worth the price We stayed here for two nights after flying into Boston before going on to other places in Cape Cod and Mystic. The hotel itself is absolutely beautiful and very grand inside but there are some niggling problems which detract from that and left me with an impression of a pretty but personalityless hotel. No one opens the main door for you despite three or four members of staff always being there to sort out the valet parking.We ordered breakfast in our room and it was of very poor quality. The eggs were cold in the middle and my husbands was greasy and the toast was stale. Like most hotel room service, they put cling film over the drinks when delivering but you would expect it to be taken off before they come into your room as it looks a bit tacky. The chap who brought it was a bit odd and said mornin lady when I opened the door - er, what happened to good morning madam? You dont expect such lack of attention to detail where the cheapest room is $250 plus tax not including breakfast. I advised the front desk clerk that the breakfast was cold and stale and the charge was cancelled although they did try to charge us for it later at checkout. The valet parking is $34 a day plus tip but it is incredibly convenient, even if we did have to wait longer for the car than the 20 minutes they say it will take. The main redeeming feature about this hotel is the location, right next to the Kenmore subway and a short stroll from the lovely Newbury Street (go into Firefly gifts and jewellery - has gorgeous inexpensive things). I would like to say that one member of staff was lovely to us and that was the maid. She was very friendly and kept us topped up with the gorgeous L'Occitane toiletries and chocolate cookies at nightime. She was very polite and deserved every cent of her tip. A bit more attention to detail and service and this would be a real jewel in Boston but I think they hope that the appearance overides the service. We went on to stay in a little BB in Provincetown (Sunset Inn, corner Center Street and Bradford Street) and it was $89 inc tax and breakfast for two and it beat this place hands down!! I am sure there are better places in Boston.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2005
<Rating>4	2	5	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Janeykins
<Content>Loved the Hotel Commonwealth We stayed at the Hotel Commonwealth for one night to see the Stones Concert - we had a Commonwealth Room - huge room, so quiet - we loved this hotel and will stay here again  
<Date>Aug 29, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>mitchward
<Content>Really very very nice Me and my better-half stayed here last week and had a very enjoyable stay. It really is a nice place, nice decor, very clean, nice staff, lovely room, great bathroom- we liked everything about it. The only Baseball game I ever saw before was in Detroit and i've never been so bored- strangely enough on our first night Detroit played at Fenway- needless to say I gave it a miss. And the Stones played on our last night- we went for a walk- Charlie's drumming was a bit too much. But I loved it all really. We recommend stolling into town down cosmopolitan Newbury St, and like us you may not even make it into the city.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>chrisp1946
<Content>great hotel Stayed at the Commonwealth for 3nights at the end of 2 week holiday. Hotel exceeded our expectations. The room was large and well appointed, the air conditioning quiet and efficient. The highlight has to be the beds probably the most comfortable hotel bed with absolutely superb bed linen and pillows. The staff were welcoming and very helpful. Location is slightly out of the way but with a station to downtown underneath and a 5 minute walk to Back Bay not a major issue. Only downside is the lack of a decent diner for breakfast close to the hotel. Hotel breakfast very good but pricey when feding 4. highly recommend this hotel and would stay here next time i am in Boston.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>thegrays
<Content>Lovely hotel - shame about the building site This was a lovely hotel with comfortable clean rooms (my wife wanted to take the bed home!), friendly helpful staff and still reasonable prices. Decor was tasteful and the service, old fashioned courtesy. Eastern Standard (the restaurant attached to the hotel) had a good selection of affordable meals, with other oulets nearby.The location isnt ideal being slightly away from the Centre of Boston and facing the Big Dig. But if you are a baseball fan, the proximity of Fenmore would be an advantage.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>I_Mallon
<Content>Nice clean hotel       Hancock Building  
<Date>Aug 23, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>LI_Tony
<Content>Loved It An overall great experience. Very friendly staff; the doorman that met us when we pulled up greeted us by name every time we came in  out. The room was lovely and very comfortable. The L'Occitane bath amenities were wonderful. The location was very convenient. We could walk to Fenway Park or go downstairs to the Kenmore T station. Downtown was only a 5 minute train ride away. They also have a huge selection of free DVDs to view in your room. Will definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not Worthwhile I chose the hotel based on the raving reviews, but I must say, it did not live up to my standards. Unless in town soley for a game at Fenway, the location is mediocre at best. In the dumpy side of Boston University, the choices of restaurants and nightlife are limited to the Fenway park choices which are all touristy, overpriced and lose their novelty after the first couple of days.Service and rooms at the hotel were fine... nothing bad but nothing memorable.Next time I visit Boston I will stay somewhere else.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TravelinMark
<Content>Uber-fantastic-hotel Great weekend getaway to the Commonwealth. Fantastic bed, linens, pillows -- could have slept until check out. I swear there were 2 kinds of toilet paper as well -- quilted and regular. Never seen that before. A bit annoyed by the $34 a night for parking, but would happily stay again and again. Will hope to try the hotel's bars / restaurants next time!  
<Date>Aug 16, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>efb74
<Content>Loved the Commonwealth! Stayed at the Hotel Commonwealth last weekend as a mini-getaway. I did tons of research on hotels, and I have to say we were thrilled with my final choice. Our room was big, with a separate sitting area with 2 very comfortable leather chairs, and a second TV. The bed was extremely comfortable with Frette linens. And the bathroom was large and so nicely decorated, with great L'Occitane products! We walked everywhere from the hotel....all the way to Long Wharf and back, but we are from NYC and used to walking. The T is right outside the front entrance of the hotel if you do not want to walk as much. Back Bay is about a 10-15 minute walk, and Fenway is right around the corner!In all, we had a great weekend, and loved this hotel! We highly recommend it!  
<Date>Aug 8, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>MomTravels
<Content>Great hotel near Fenway! We recently returned from a mid-week night at this fantastic hotel. Our room was superb: extremely spacious, separate sitting area with additional tv, very comfortable king sized bed; overlooked Commonwealth Avenue. Ammenities such as robes, slippers, and turn down service made us feel very pampered. The staff was also very gracious and helpful.Definitely consider the Commonwealth if you are attending a game at Fenway -- just a very short walk away. We were also able to walk a short distance (about 15 minutes) to the Back Bay area for dinner. The Kenmore T stop is just outside the front door of the hotel and provided easy access to Boston Commons, the Freedom Trail and other sites of interest.For the price, this hotel can't be beat. I've been telling all my friends -- go to the Commonwealth!  
<Date>Jul 28, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Gem of a Hotel! From the moment I walked in, the hotel impressed me. It was spotless and beautiful. The staff was friendly and attentive. The room was stunning and very tastefully furnished. The view of Fenway Park was great. The bathrooms were large and luxurious, with wonderful toiletries. The Hotel Commonwealth paid so much attention to detail, from placing a card with the next day weather on the bed at night, to putting the complementary DVD from the DVD library in a gift bag with a chocolate bar. That attention to detail made this more then just a beautiful hotel. I will definitely stay there again!  
<Date>Jul 27, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>mce930
<Content>Top Notch I just came for a stay with my two daughters, to tour colleges in the area. The hotel is lovely, the staff are friendly and extremely helpful. While, it isn't cheap, I've paid more and gotten much less. It is nice when you get what you pay for.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>SeattleTrvlr
<Content>Wow! Superb hotel If you're looking for a hotel in the Back Bay area, this is the place to stay. The Commonwealth overlooks Fenway Park and is 3 blks. from shopping on Newbury. It sits right at the Kenmore Square T (train stop). Everything was perfect - the room was very roomy and luxurious with Frette linens and bathrobes, and L'Occitane toiletries. The bath had a huge countertop plus 2 large, deep glass shelves for extra storage - large enough to store a small suitcase even. The hotel offers complimentary Internet access- wireless and Ethernet- and free DVDs, along with a cordless phone that you can take with you anywhere in the hotel. There is a very well equipped fitness room with a Precor gym, free weights, 2 treadmills, 3 bikes, 2 elliptical trainers, and a stair stepper. The building is only about 2 years old but architecturally looks just like the rest of the neighborhood - which means you get the elegance minus the tiny rooms, drafty windows, noise, and maintenance problems. In fact, our room was so quiet I thought it was nearly empty! Service was excellent and friendly. Ate at the Eastern Standard restaurant which was very good- although entree selection is somewhat limited and quite adventurous (I have a vague idea what offals are but was afraid to ask for clarification in fear that the answer might spoil my appetite!) There MIGHT be cheaper places to stay in Boston but I guarantee they won't be half as nice. You certainly needn't spend more -- I can't imagine a more pleasant hotel.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>no better than it should be we stayed here for a few days in June. The room was spacious, comfortable and well appointed. However attention to detail was poor - the mini-bar was not re-stocked, the service was slow and our laundry was not done despite leaving it as requested and calling housekeeping twice. Nothing special.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2005
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>SS2
<Content>Great Hotel! Awesome location! We stayed at Hotel Commonwealth for 5 nights in June. The hotel was both comfortable and convenient. We stayed in a Kenmore room on the 4th floor situated at the end of the corridor which was spacious, quiet and private. Reception, concierge, housekeeping and doormen were helpful and professional. There's a great magazine on what's on in Boston provided in the rooms. Using this we were able arrange for concierge to book a bus US$33 round trip to the Wrentham factory outlet shopping village without any trouble. The Hotel is right next door to the Kenmore T station, only a few stops and you are in Boston Downtown. 2 minutes walk gets you to Fenway Park - note unless you are going to a baseball game, avoid the area as the traffic is chaotic! Newbury St shopping is a couple of blocks away, and not too far from there is the Prudential Mall/Copley Place shopping area. If your wallet is feeling full, check out Jean Therapy in the shops next to the Hotel. They stock a great range of designer jeans! Would we stay at this hotel again? For sure!!  
<Date>Jul 12, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Ronnzin
<Content>Fabulous Hotel I give this hotel my highest ranking. I went to a Boston Red Sox game and our family saw the famous 4th of July Fireworks. The service was excellent. The staff, doormen, and receptionists made us feel very welcome. We arrived early after a red-eye. At registration, she took our cell phone number and made an excellent recommendation for breakfast. As soon as our room was ready, she called us so we could get a nap and be ready for the Sox game. Everything was very clean, comfortable, and Deluxe. I would have expected to pay even more for these accomodations and amenities! The T-train from the airport had a stop just underneath the hotel! Transportation was easy. We used the T-train and our feet only! We want to return and we will definitely stay here.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best Secret in Boston Happened upon this hotel and it was fantastic...especially if you are planning on seeing a Red Sox game - literally 3 minutes from Yawkey Way!Everything is done right at this luxurious hotel - I've stayed at every fine hotel in Boston and its amenities match or surpass the most expensive places at a MUCH better price. High tech, yet high touch - a great combo from the wireless IP phones to the DVD players in the rooms, great bathroom soaps, luxurious Frette linens, etc. etc. The only down side is it isn't a superb view, but the location makes it easy to get to everything in Boston, walking distance to Fenway, MFA, Copley Place, etc. And if you want to go farther, Kenmore subway station is a few steps from the hotel. However, if you are a tourist and looking for views from your room or the hotel lobby to the water or historic Boston, this isn't the place to stay. The 2 restaurants Great Bay and Eastern Standard which are at street level in the hotel are both fantastic. We got a Commonwealth Suite which had a King bed and a curtained off living room with a pull out sofa so we could have one room with the kids that was somewhat private and not too cramped. I don't think I'd ever stay anyplace else in Boston for amenities, room size, great service, great location and great price.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>gepmo
<Content>Not as good as we were expecting       badroom  
<Date>Jun 20, 2005
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>nonamesforme
<Content>Very nice hotel My daughter and I stayed at the Hotel Commonwealth at the end of May, 2005. We happened to overlap with commencement weekend for Boston U and several other schools, which stressed the check-in desk and also bumped the rates a bit--Be aware of college schedules when you book into Boston! This hotel is really convenient for BU!!!The room was very nice, beds were outstandingly comfortable, bathrooms are spacious, Occitane amenities are great, tub is small and not at the same standard as the rest of the facility. Free bottled water and cookies with turndown service are nice touches. Rooms have DVD players and there is a list of movies available in the hotel. The Barnes and Noble across the street rents videos very reasonably (2nd floor). Access to the MTA subway is incredibly convenient. There is a very nice French restaurant in the next block on Commonwealth: Petit Robert Bistro. The hotel restaurant was also very nice. There is a coffee stand in the hotel--it's well intended, but you get more and more for your money across the street at the Barnes and Noble Starbucks. Do not use the concierge for tickets to Fenway Park--you can do much better on the street, as there are crowds of people selling tickets just on the corner as you walk to the park. We were charged top dollar needlessly. Live and learn. The downside for the hotel is the view (freeway or construction on Commonwealth), and perhaps the dinky tub. Otherwise, it is an excellent value and a comfortable and quite luxurious stop, by hotel standards.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Okay Hotel Commonwealth was a decent place. Very convenient to Fenway Park, but view of the freeway was a disappointment. Moreover, the decor was a little weird.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>shpap
<Content>Terrific stay! I just returned with my husband and two sons from three nights at Hotel Commonwealth. The location was fine for us as we walked lots and also drove to oldest son's in Somerville. We lived in Boston before so know our way around both by car and by foot. When I made the reservations in April, I mentioned my son's Harvard graduation and the convenience of the Kenmore T stop to Harvard. Upon our arrival in the room, we received a personal note of congrats along with specific, individualized instructions on taking the T to Cambridge. What a nice touch.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>The_McGuire_Family
<Content>You won't regret it... My wife and I booked a week here for the first week of June, then I decided to save a few bucks and we got a room at the Charlesmark instead. What a blunder! We lasted one night in the cramped room with the sagging bed and then changed to the Hotel Commonwealth. We thought we'd died and gone to heaven. For $30 more per night, we found ourselves in a luxury hotel being treated like royalty. The bed was the most comfortable king-size we've ever encountered in a hotel. The room was plenty large and well-appointed. Service was outstanding with lots of attention to the little things. When we decided to ask the concierge for a DVD, for example, it came up wrapped in tissue paper in a bag with some chocolate. Our bed was also turned down each evening with sumptious bathrobes neatly laid out on the bed. The Kenmore T station is about 30 yards from the doorman-manned front, and my wife and I love to walk and so didn't find it that out-of-the-way. A great deal, and we thoroughly enjoyed ourselves!  
<Date>Jun 8, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hotel Commonwealth - We would stay again! We have just returned from 10 days in Boston staying at the Hotel Commonwealth - a hotel chosen primarily on the popularity index of Trip Advisor.Without any doubt, the hotel lived up to its reputation and we would have no hesitation of staying here again and recommending it to others. The trip was a holiday for my wife and I and our ten month old child, Charlie. Being Charlie's first vacation (and first trans-Atlantic flight) we wanted a hotel that would be flexible. Initially we were concerned that the Hotel Commonwealth might be too business orientated however this proved not to be the case.The staff were a delight - friendly and very customer service orientated and not hovering and hankering after tips as we have found elsewhere - obviously we tipped as appropriate however we would now be bankrupt had we rewarded every gesture of assistance we received. Front desk was excellent with special thanks to Robert and Michelle in assisting us locate a replacement sterilising unit for Charlie's feeding bottles following damage to ours in transit. Whilst an electric model could not be easily obtained, a unit for use in a microwave was. Thanks to Stacy who then supplied us with a kettle and microwave in our room for the duration of our stay.Our room (Commonwealth variety) was spacious and very clean. We had a view over the Square to the front of the building where some building work is progressing - not particularly attractive at the moment however an artist's impression picture at Front Desk gives an indication that things will become much more pleasing on the eye in due course. The rear facing rooms overlook an Interstate highway and the baseball ground and have a far less appealing outlook.Whilst we didn't use room service, there is a nightly turndown when artisan water and cookies are delivered which is a nice touch. If the cookies don't kill the hunger cravings try the Eastern Standard Restaurant which is not a part of the hotel but is within its buildings. The food is excellent and again the service we experienced was superb. Raw bar, steaks and other specialities are to be recommended in a buzzing atmosphere that is not to be expected in a restaurant only open for a week!Exiting the hotel, Newbury Street is only a five minute walk away and provides numerous shops and restaurants. The walk into Boston to the Common for instance is twenty minutes duration making a pleasant stroll - but this could be an issue for people wanting to be in the thick of it. That said, if you want a hotel that is reasonably priced and delivers exceptional quality the cost of a cab is well worth while.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>towaway
<Content>Terrific Hotel Came to Boston on a business trip May 19th,2005.Stayed one night and was very impressed with the hotel. Classy without being pretentious.The room was very spacious(Fenway room.about 475 sq. ft.).Clean with an excellent bathroom and shower.Check-in was smooth and friendly.The only drawback is it isn't centrally located for walking around,but is very close to the T and taxi's were readily available.I will definitely stay here next time I'm in town,whether on business or sight-seeing.It has a nice,personal feel,rather than the corporate feeling you get at some other hotels.  
<Date>May 23, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>omahatraveler
<Content>Great Stay! Had an extended stay at the Commonwealth and found the #1 ranking was well deserved. Service was exceptional, turndown service each night, wonderful bed. Great Bay restaurant is pleasant, bar just opened in past week. In terms of location, close to Newbury Street and, if you're willing to ride the T, Kenmore stop is across the way offering a 5-7 minute ride to Boston Common and 10 minutes to Government Center. You'll pay a lot more to be downtown and won't receive any better than here.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>gibby214
<Content>Fabulous Hotel! My wife and I stayed at the Hotel Commonwealth over this past weekend.It is a truly wonderful hotel. We would go back in a minute, and will when we visit family. Staff was helpful, rooms were very nice and the restaurant was very, very good. Also, they don't call attention to it, but they have a nice bar area downstairs just off the front door.I could not recommend the Hotel Commonwealth more highly.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Hotel, Poor Location I recently stayed at the Hotel Commonwealth on business. Although the service was good and the hotel is fine, the location was a disappointment. The nice shopping, convention center and quality restaurant are in a different neighborhood called Back Bay. Back Bay would have been a much nicer area to stay in. In the future, I would rather stay in the centrally-located, more exciting location. Just because you are on a business trip doesn't mean you shouldn't be able to go out and enjoy the city!  
<Date>Apr 11, 2005
<Rating>3	2	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Find The Hotel Commonwealth is a great find. Stayed for one week in March. The location is wonderful, staff courteous and warm, rooms very clean and quiet and on-site parking quick and handy. Moreover, Great Bay restaurant (and room service) is a pleasure. Try the butterscotch pudding. The only draw back to this hotel is the truly ugly decor. Forget about The Eliot, we stayed there last year for one week and found it disappointing in every respect. The Hotel Commonwealth really is Boston's mini-Ritz boutique hotel.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>mtpop
<Content>Two big thumbs up! Highly recommend the Hotel Commonwealth. Great location with a T stop next door. The amenities and room compare favorably to the Ritz Carlton, at a fraction of the price. Friendly and helpful front desk. Feels like a boutique hotel. Absolutely quiet room. Some of the nicer touches include turn down with a wonderful chocolate cookie, very nice toiletries, robes and slippers, free high speed internet. No coffee maker in room, but complimentary coffee in restaurant. You can't go wrong staying here.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>LikesToTravel2006
<Content>Wonderful service, beautiful room, T-station next door! I spent Presidents' Day Weekend at the Hotel Commonwealth and had a wonderful stay. The front desk staff was very nice and helpful. The concierge had helped my husband arrange a surprise for my arrival - a dozen oysters from the hotel restaurant - YUM! I didn't get to try the restaurant as there was a private event there on my only free night, but if the oysters were any indication, I'm sure it is great. The front desk was even able to accomodate a late check-out for me, as my flight home was not until late in the day. It was all done with a smile - I was not treated as if I were asking for special treatment, but I felt as if I got special treatment! How nice and refreshing!!The room was beautiful - VERY comfortable bed, large room (I had the larger of the room types) with sitting area, bedroom and ample bathroom. The ammenitites were L'Occitane - very nice. The bathroom was beautiful - lots of natural stone. My room was very quiet and housekeeping did a great job - the turn-down service is a very nice touch. I'll be sure to return!  
<Date>Feb 22, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel As a former travel agent, have stayed in many hotels in many places, but found the Commonwealth to be a great value. Had a corner room which was beautiful and very comfortable. Desk staff was great. Also had great meal at the Great Bay Restaurant in the hotel. Definitely recommend.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>twoworlds
<Content>Can't fault the Commonwealth Everything about this hotel excelled. We had a very large room (Commonwealth Room) for a great price, and nicely decked out. Lovely toiletries. Quiet, no street noise even though we faced Commonwealth Ave. The staff were mostly excellent.The Great Bay restaurant also was excellent, the food great, prices not too outrageous. The doormen and bell staff were supremely helpful. The hotel is close to Newbury Street, Prudential Center, and there is a T stop underneath.A very nice hotel and no sobbbery. I would absolutely stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Disappointed I had a reservation for the night of the 23rd of Sep to attend the Red Sox game. I brought my family of 4. When I arrived I was told that I was charged for the night of the 22nd as I was a no show. Somehow, somewhere, something was messed up and I do not feel that this was my mistake. I contacted the reservations manager and she told me that there was nothing that she could do. I feel fairly secure in saying that the room in question was not going to be rented that night as there was not that big of a crowd in the hotel. I was not talked to in a very customer service oriented manner by the reservations supervisor and I was very upset, therefore, I did not call her back or continue the conversation. A message was left on my room voice mail that I was only going to be charged 140.00 for the night I didn't stay there. In my opinion, I shouldn't have been charged at all. I made the reservation for the 23rd of Sep, not the 22nd. I am very disappointed in the way I was spoken to and the treatment as far as this situation. If I had known this is the way it was going to be, I would have packed up and went to another hotel. It's very expensive to take your family anywhere these days and these folks made it even more expensive. Thanks for all your help and I will be sure to tell everyone I know about my experience at the Hotel Commonwealth in Boston.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awesome boutique hotel for business or pleasure You are pampered the minute you arrive at the Hotel Commonwealth. The valet and reception staff was friendly, courteous, and accommodating. My hotel room was spacious. It was a treat to find Lccitane products (which I absolutely love) instead of the generic bathroom toiletries at most hotels. There is also a nice bathrobe and slippers for your convenience. The hotel is located nearby local attractions and only walking distance to Newbury Street for the avid shoppers. The Great Bay restaurant served wonderful dishes and the service was outstanding (it is not your average hotel restaurant). The reception staff was extremely helpful when my coworker and I experienced some technical problems in the business center. I travel quite extensively and would highly recommend this hotel whether you are in Boston for business or pleasure.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Staff, Great Service We recently stayed at the Commonwealth during the first week of August 2004. Being first time visitors to Boston, we had no clue about the T-line nor many of its close attractions. They mapped out a route for us and answered any questions that we had with absolute sincerity. The staff service was absolutely the best that I've ever had, and I am adamant about customer service. The rooms were impeccable I cannot say enough about this Hotel and their staff.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hmsoapy
<Content>Asthetically pleasing, but some major faults! Just home today from a trip around New England. We stayed at the Commonwealth for 4 nights. The hotel itself is going through some building work at the front which is is quite noisy, this would definitely be a problem if you were staying in one of the front bedrooms as they start their drilling/work at 7am each morning! Inside the hotel however it looks magnificent. The room looked lovely, and was quite spacious, and the bathroom was nice too. However, we found that the room was constantly FREEZING, and we couldn't do anything to heat it up at all. Our door also did not shut properly, therefore not locking, and if you simply pushed it, it opened. Although someone came up to see to it, and sorted it. Our toilet broke down twice, and we had to get people up to fix it, on two consecutive nights. The walls are very thin, and you can hear everything in the rooms next to you- I had to sleep with the ear plugs I got on the plane, to get a bit of sleep! The concierge, Jean is very friendly and helpful. The reception desk are very helpful, and as soon as we reported anything was wrong, they got onto it immediately. The turn down service was wonderful, and there were many little 'extras' which other hotels don't provide. It is about a 15 minute walk into the centre of town- a bit further out than some other hotels. Although there is a subway station directly across the road.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2004
<Rating>2	3	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fabulous New Hotel Stayed there for fourth of July weekend. The hotel smells very new and well maintained - very nice and large room with nice beddings, bathroom and L'Occittane toiletries. Very helpful staff. I enjoyed my stay there very much. 20 minute walking distance to Newbury street, which isn't bad provided nice weather. The entrance to the lobby is a bit strange but seems like the hotel is still going through some minor constructions on the road side. Highly recommended.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great accomodations   showReview(2268101, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 5, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>yomick
<Content>Ultimate Fenway hotel!   showReview(2227897, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 28, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent hotel, outstanding rooms   showReview(2174380, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 9, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>mreav
<Content>Loved the Hotel Commonwealth   showReview(1833647, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 23, 2004
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>JCW
<Content>First-class. Highly recommended.   showReview(1757095, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 31, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel   showReview(1709191, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 5, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Love this hotel   showReview(1520256, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 17, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>paluvsnyc
<Content>Loved the Hotel Commonwealth   showReview(1258060, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 23, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Place, great staff!   showReview(1235795, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 18, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Commonwealth - Great place to stay   showReview(1024448, 'full');   
<Date>May 21, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>War gut, aber auch nicht perfekt   showReview(18538233, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

