<Author>JohnHongKong
<Content>Very good, recommended Stayed five nights over Xmas in two bedroom suite. Good location, very central for everything, few minutes stroll to Darling Harbour. Suite was clean, modern, efficient, no complaints at all, we all loved it, and I've stayed in top hotels all over the world. Staff very friendly. Minor negative - breakfast was a tad expensive I thought, better value one minute walk from hotel. Would definitely stay there again  
<Date>Jan 7, 2009
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>ebaty
<Content>Great location We stayed at the Fraser Suites for 6 nights in December. We had interconnecting rooms for our family of 4. It was a great and relaxing way to stay. We had our own kitchen, washer, etc. The location is great. 5 minute walk to Darling Harbour, 2 minutes to great shopping and 5 minute taxi or 20 minute walk to the Sydney Opera House!! The staff is nice enough. Not very punctual but courteous as all Australians are. There are great places to eat breakfast around the area as well. I wouldn't recommend the one at Frasers. It wasn't included in the room charge and was over priced.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2009
<Rating>4	4	5	5	3	3	3	4	

<Author>vilagirl
<Content>Fantastic Fraser Suites Stayed at the Fraser Suites last night and enjoyed it immensely.Did the Spring Special from Wotif which included breakfast and late checkout. (12.00pm) Parking was easy. ($30) Check-in was smooth and quick. Was allowed in room at 10.30 which was really handy.Studio Room was spotless. Small, but all we needed for a one night stay. Had a great view from the 25th floor.Swam in the 20m pool. Loved the see-through floor to the people on escalators below! Towels provided in the changerooms between the pool and the gym. Gym looked very well set out with lots of free weights and machines.Some traffic noise from the street below but I think it depends on which side of the hotel your room is on. It didn't keep us awake though.Great access from Level 10 to George Street via a walkthough arcade past some Japanese restaurants and cafes. 7/11 close by and very handy to King St wharf/Darling Harbour area.Breakfast was high quality food but small in quantity. Still ate a lot and didn't need lunch till late afternoon. No fried eggs but yummy bacon and scrambled eggs.Wouldn't pay for brekkie separately though.This is a very classy hotel. Lots of glass and mirrors. Very helpful and friendly staff. Highly recommended. Will return.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>artsyfarsty
<Content>Great stay We enjoyed our stay at Fraser Suites. We stayed for two nights in a 1 bedroom deluxe suite overlooking the Darling Harbour area. The staff were friendly and accomodating.The location of the hotel is good. It is on a quiet street but close to food and entertainment. Our room was neat and tidy with a modern feel. Everything seemed new apart from some scuff marks on the wooden floor near the window. The kitchen was more compact than expected. The fridge is quite small and is mostly full of minibar items. It has a small compartment to keep things frozen. Even when the minibar items are put on the counter, the fridge is still very small for those who are staying more than one night and plan to cook their meals. We did appreciate that the cleaning staff cleaned the kitchen without an extra charge from the hotel.A cooked buffet breakfast was included with our stay. The buffet was small to medium sized though the food was good. The food attendants make espresso coffee on request. We will be visiting again!  
<Date>Nov 30, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>fanbelt
<Content>great view stayed here for wedding anniversary. everything nice and new. we found staff to be very accomadating and helpful. we requested early check in and it was no problem. we had breakfast while there wasnt huge range it was enough. im glad it was included in hotel deal cause i read on review some one paid 32 dollars definetly not worth that. can eat out side for lot less with better choices. found the bed fantastic it was latex mattress and very very comfy. would just go back for that. definetly would stay again.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>mountainmichael
<Content>Pleasantly surprised Having got a good deal on wotif.com I stayed here for 3 nights. Having read the other reviews I was a little concerned before the stay regarding some of the issues but found very little to find fault with. The studio room was fine for one person and the bathroom was top end - although no bath might not suit everyone - as I like walk in showers I was very happy. The choice of TV stations was a pleasant surprise too as it was a delight to be able to watch Liverpool beat Chelsea ! I was most impressed with the Gym/pool area - so often even in 'top' hotels the gym appears to be an afterthoght in a small windowless room somewhere. Here there is a decent sized gym with 3 solid running machines - my choice - as well as other steppers /weights etc which I didn't use. There was also a nice 20m lap pool and small jacuzzi both of which were good. The only minor quibble was the lack of fresh towels in the leisure area first thing in the morning when I used the facilities. I tried the breakfast one day and it was fine though not particularly cheap 22 aud for continental buffer or 32 for including cooked option. That said it was high end and a relaxing way to start the day. The cleaning I found to be fine in the suites and the Molton Brown stuff is nice and they seemed fine about fresh supplies every day. The location is good - you can get to Town Hall station in no time - lifts availabe there if you come by train from the airport so no steps from the train to the hotel which is handy if you only have light luggage and don't fancy the taxi queues. You can also walk underground to the main shopping area via town hall station and the QVB from the corner of Kent and Bathurst Streets which is handy if it rains. In summary if you fancy an up to date , contemporary good value lodging experience then I would recommend it.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>kiwinick81
<Content>Beautifully Built Fraser Suites I have stayed in the Fraser Suites on a couple of occasions now and have really enjoyed both stays. The best thing about the hotel would have to be the wonderful spacious suites, I stayed in a one bedroom deluxe and it has everything you need for an extended stay - kitchen, washer, great work desk etc... The only thing I would say is that the bathroom is rather small in relation to the size of the room, and with only a shower and no bath. The design is very nice, warm and contemporary with hardwood floors, huge floor to ceiling windows and limestone bathrooms. Everything has been executed to a nice quality. There is also a nice pool and a decent sized gym with good equipment.My only one true reservation is that the housekeeping was slightly cursory, and with so many glossy luxurious surfaces dust, grime and fingerprints quickly become apparent - certainly not a disaster but also not really up to 4 or 5 star standard.While the street isn't the most salubrious, on the slightly run down Kent, it is fantastically convenient to the city. You can walk literally anywhere in the city center from there in no time, it is close to both the restaurants of China town and hundreds of other great eateries that Sydney has to offer. Also right near both Town Hall train station and the monorail stop. All in all the location cannot be faulted.All up this is a super new hotel, the rooms are light, large and very comfortable - both of the ones I have stayed in have been on high floors with really pretty views out across Darling Harbour. Its not a true 5 star experience, but when you see what you're getting compared to other hotels in Sydney it represents fantastic value for money. Shop around online and you can find good deals.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	2	5	3	-1	

<Author>Risky_Rat
<Content>Good, but not spectacular       View at dusk  
<Date>Jun 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>CottGal
<Content>Service lacks attention to detail Great location, beautiful setting. Great shower  bath facilities. Disappointing service for the price paid. Lacks attention to detail.A few examples. Bedside lamps x 2 did not work. Bedroom TV did not work. Iron made marks on my dress when I tried to use it. Wardrobe lacked lighting so going through clothes was mainly in the dark. Tried to get staff's help but receive lacklustre responses. Cutlery were not very clean, obviously not checked upon after previous visitors' departure. On a few occasions we gave way to staff with cleaning equipment in the lifts. Do they not have/use service lifts?  
<Date>Jun 12, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	-1	1	-1	1	

<Author>Currimundi
<Content>Much better than expected We booked a mystery hotel package though WOTIF and were given this hotel. We booked a single deluxe room to attend a conference at Darling Harbour for the June long weekend.The reception was efficient and as requested they allowed us an early check in to change for a matinee show we were attending. The front office staff member Belinda went beyond what I expected as great hospitality when my wife asked if the room we had booked had a bath. Belinda showed us our booked room and another room on the 37th floor which had a bath. We were upgraded to this second room and the view was exceptional to encompass the harbour to north head and also around to include some of Darling Harbour. We stayed for two nights and the staff were always friendly and hotel was above all clean and well appointed. Comfortable beds good kitchen and furnishings. Easy access to Sydney CBD and also to Darling Harbour, great restaurants nearby as well.Contrary to some of the other reports our stay was above our expectations and we shall be returning to this place for next years conference.  
<Date>Jun 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>snsf
<Content>Great bang for buck I took a punt on Fraser Suites, booking a one-bedroom suite in the hotel's opening week. I've stayed in a couple of brand new hotels, and the experience can be topsy-turvy: not everything or everyone does what they are meant to!No such luck here - the room was twice as big as any other one-bedroom suite I've taken - plenty of room for work and play. The two plasma screens are probably a bit excessive but handy for a long stay. There was also a full set of crockery and cutlery (an included microwave would complete the kitchen). I found the staff to be friendly and efficient, but only dealt with them at breakfast and at check in/out.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>stoydgen
<Content>Smooth Sailing All these bad reviews had me worried, but as soon as I went to check-in, all my worries disappeared. Staff were very helpful and well spoken, and ended up providing everything I'd requested beforehand. The room was clean and well kept. The only thing I found wrong with it was when I tried to turn on the TV and it didn't work, which ended up being due to the power plug being partially out, not a big deal. All requests during the stay were met in a timely manner, and I would definitely go there again.Pro's-Lovely Hotel-Good Location-Good ServiceCon's-Had to scratch my head over the TV  
<Date>Jan 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>pmanve
<Content>Nearly there... We visited Fraser Suites in September 2007. After reading previous reviews i have to say we didn't experience any of the poor service described. We arrived early and the staff were very obliging in organising parking for the car and for our bags to be sent up to our room. Check in was efficient and the service was friendly. We have 2 young children (both under 2) so we had booked a deluxe 2 bedroom. Problem #1 - the 2 bedroom apartment is actually a 1 bedroom and a studio interconnected by a hallway. The doors are quite heavy, and there was no door stops to hold the doors open to make it one big apartment. We contacted the concierge 3 times before he finally brought a door stop up to us - however we could only have 1 - as the other one was needed elsewhere!! Ingeniously we managed to tie the doors open using the cords from the robes, however other than when our 18 month old slept in the bed we didn't use the studio side at all so it was really a waste of $200 in getting the 2 bedroom.The hotels location is great if you are doing things up that end of town. Very handy to the Entertainment centre, Capitol Theatre, Pitt Street mall, QVB and Darling Harbour - but for 1st time visitors and tourists there are hotels with better views and facilities elsewhere (Quay Grand at circular Quay is Fantastic.)Although the hotel is in the Spanish Quarter NONE of the nearby restaurants do takeaway - and as we have 2 young children we don't like dragging them out to restaurants at night - the hotel does not have room service - HOT TIP - ask reception for cuisine Courier/Mr Delivery menus and they will even charge it to your account.There was no bath in the bathrooms which may also be harder for some people with children - i do belive that the 1 bedroom premier suites do have baths though. I have to say thought that the bed is amazing - probably one of the best i have ever slept in - the showers are good - not annoying water saving ones - and teh kitchen facilities are good.All in all this is a pretty good hotel - and would be great for travellers with older children.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>telce
<Content>A Stylish Abode Well I chose to stay in this serviced apartment after knowing that the building and its interior is designed by architectural firm Foster  Partners. Upon arrival, I was impressed by its design and finishings which exudes simplicity and elegance, undoubtedly a creation of a renowned architect. The room(we had the studio) is also designed in the modern contemporary feel with quality finishings all around. Size of the room is a bit small, but the design was quite brilliant in saving space as many stuff are hidden in wall cabinets. Bathroom is clean, well maintained and bright. Toiletries supplied are that of Bolton Brown of London, expensive range! Apart from the above, it's location on Kent St is excellent, within walking distance to china town, Town Hall, QVB etc. If you know of the world famous restaurant Tetsuya, it's just across the road.Service is just satisfactory, it lacks the warmth and friedliness of asian hospitality.Now, what I dont like are:- - matteress is too soft, those wth backache will have a problem - the quilt is too thick and gets too warm during the night, after complaining they place a lighter quilt for me, but they couldnt even bother to put that in a quilt cover, so I didnt use it. - the ambience of the hotel is quite cold, perhpas due to lack of guests or lobby is far too small to have crowds gathered. - breakfast is exactly the same stuff everyday, so u will certainly get bored after a while Overall, at aroond AUD200/night with BF, I would certainly prefer this servied apartment to any mainstream hotels.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	3	3	

<Author>Dansteveson
<Content>Roler coaster of service When I checked in the building was wonderful, very elegant. There were a few issues when I entered the lobby. I came at midday, the check in time was apparently 2 but I came a little early and was snapped at by a small blonde. I was happy to wait but a bit thrown off by the cold welcome. At 2 my room was ready and another receptionist gave me the key in a cute little pouch thing saying it would probably be done by the time I got there?. When I did get there, 4 people were in my room and one of them was in a different colour shirt. They were all sorta suprised to see me. The first one appologised and said she had not released yet but I was welcome to come in it would only be a few minutes with so many people in the room. They were very friendly and appologetic. When they finished the first one asked if there was anything else I needed and showed me how to use the phone to dial reception and housekeeping. The next day in the morning I needed more shampoo because I ran out and my girl friend needed to shower. I called reception and they said they would send. I waited 45 minutes and then I called again and they transfered me to housekeeping. I asked where my shampoo was and they said they had not recieved any request but would send in the next 5 minutes. Not even two minutes later an indian looking guy came to the door holding shampoo, conditioner, bath gel and body lotion and gave them all to me. Later in the day my girlfriend went out and I stayed to use my laptop. A room cleaner came and was very polite and shy but was happy to clean my room while I was in it. I heard someonetalking to her outside and it was one of the ones in a yellow shirt. When she notice I was in the room she was very welcoming and asked me if I had recieved the shampoo to make sure. She left, then the cleaner finished but when I went in the bathroom she hadnt changed the towels. I called housekeeping and a lady explained that if they are hanging up they dont change but she would send someone. I stayed another day. Overall housekeeping was very quirky but friendly and prompt, front office varied from staff member to staff member, was very sluggish and often looked confused when asked questions. I thinkthe most helpful people were a really tall guy at the desk called Craig? and a room cleaner in a yellow shirt called Laura or something. I did notice that some of the room attendants english wasnt so good but they were quick to bring someone who could understand what I was saying. I did really enjoy the hotel though it was very nice, and the views were great.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2007
<Rating>3	2	4	5	4	1	5	-1	

<Author>DontGo4_2ndBest
<Content>Highly Recommended...Read Why       TV  
<Date>Jul 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	3	-1	

<Author>KT11
<Content>Great location 3 night stay in the Fraser Suites over Easter weekend - package included breakfast and free parking for $AUS 16 per night per room more than the room-only rate.Our one-bedroom suite was very comfortable and reasonably clean. A few small housekeeping glitches - no milk in the fridge, bed not made up for our child, no extra linen - were fixed straight away. Note for families: our small bathroom had shower only, and the extra bed is made up on the relatively hard sofa.Breakfast and parking (normally $AUS 25/day) were included in the package - reasonable choice of hot items for breakfast, but not a 5* breakfast.On departure, we were charged separately and at full rate for breakfast and parking and had to re-confirm our package inclusions - watch your bill!Service was ok - the hotel did not appear to be busy.We have stayed in the Quay West Suites before - the Quay West has the harbour view but - our experience - very poor service and fittings are a bit tired. Fraser Suites has no view - but a great location in the centre of town and right next to Darling Harbour attractions.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>SallyNSW
<Content>Just fabulous My husband and I had a wonderful weekend stay at Fraser Suites - great location, beautifully furnished suite (the lobby is very swish) and the front desk staff in particular went out of their way to make us feel very welcome from the moment we arrived. Would strongly recommend if you're tired of typical hotels and looking for something different.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>ElizabethMelbourne
<Content>Good looking, but terrible service Was really looking forward to staying at new hotel in good location. After booking on line and then phoning to make sure room had two beds, arrived back to check in (3 times) found that there was no prioriety for this service and that even still, at much insistence, the beds were not separated. It took a no. of hours to rectify this mistake. The set-up of room was nice, but nothing in the fridge, no milk, no water, nothing. Unusual. Also, rooms were not made up the next day, despite someone knocking on our door at 8am to see if we needed more towels. When asked about this, there was no real response, but later admission that understaffed. Seems reception staff were completely overloaded and stressed. Later my friend wanted to get something to eat in the area or some takeaway advice as pouring with rain and she didn't know area. Could not be helped and did not receive any of pamphlets for takeaway as requested. Generally no request could be dealt with efficiently without feeling it was a stress on the staff. Also the entire stay the corridors were peppered with vacumn cleaners and blue laundry baskets. Also no in-house movies. Just generally a real lack of service for the price and placement of the hotel. Would be very hard pushed to return.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JRrrr
<Content>There are better places out there First of all, I have never been charged for a newspaper in the morning before. Fraser really surprised me with this charge.When I checked in, they ased me to fill out a form, in that form it asked which newspaper I would like to receive in the morning.I checked one newspaper, and when I checked out, there was a charge for each newspaper I received. At other hotels, they would always give papers at no cost. So be sure to be ready to pay for the newspapers if you stay here...otherwise, don't choose to receive one.Customer service is not up to standard with the rest of the industry. There was no gesture whatsoever that say thank you for staying with us from check in to check out. I was disappointed.The room itself is quite modern, I stayed in the studio suite, but let me tell you, it was smaller than the place I stayed in NYC. It was actually one of the smallest hotel room I have always been in. Even my typical local hotel in Tokyo was bigger than this room. I echo the other comments and would suggest that you avoid this place if you have other options.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	4	2	-1	-1	

<Author>JASONPTODD
<Content>Good rooms but unprofessional, dreadful service The rooms were of good quality and very modern, although the beds weren't comfortable. Also, the room smelt of cigarettes.The service was very poor. It took 4 hours for us to be checked in and we almost checked in to a room with guests in.There were many issues with the keys. Housekeeping left our rooms unlocked whilst we were out. We were given 20+ keys in total as the keys would deactivate and we would then have to queue at reception to get new ones.The staff were quite unapolagetic and joking around with other rather than trying to help.Overall I would not return to this hotel.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2007
<Rating>2	3	3	4	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>douglaswross
<Content>Dodgy, discriminatory, baiting with a price then changing it Unfortunately, I decided to call Fraser Suites for my wedding anniversary stay on a Sunday night. I spoke to Michael who told me that I could have the 2 bedroom penthouse for my wedding anniversary for $550 dollars as they have only been open for a month and they were not busy. I thought I would check with my wife before I spent the money, and when I called back I was silly enough to mention that I have 2 small kids (a 4 yr old and a 2 yr old) that will be in the second room. Then things started to become strange... I was told that the manager would need to call me back??? and I was asked how I was going to pay??, and that it was non refundable.??? I said Amex and ok on non refundable.I waited 30 minutes and then called back to speak to Johnny the manager, who told me that they had to check availability as they were doing previews with clients?? Once again I said ok, and he said he would ring me back within the hour.30 minutes later, Michael (not Johnny the manager) rings me again to say that they cannot offer me that room at $550, as the minimum price for that room was $750!! WHAT IS GOING ON??I decided that it felt all too dodgy to spend either $750 or $550, and I ended up going to the Hilton instead. The Hilton got my money and we had a wonderful time in a relaxation suite.Hotel rooms for me are pretty simple, a view with light, clean, doesn't smell, and GOOD SERVICE.Any business that baits me with a price, then changes it because I mentioned kids is certainly discriminatory, and possible illegal on other commercial terms.I will NOT be doing business with Fraser Suites anywhere in the world.SincerelyDouglas Ross  
<Date>Jan 12, 2007
<Rating>1	1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>secondtimelucky
<Content>Just needs John Cleese This place has not improved with time! When we first arrived we were issued with our keys but could not find the room. Only when we returned to reception were we told that our room was behind a door with a different number, but that the door shouldn't be closed. We arranged for groceries to be delivered to us and it took them twenty minutes to locate us when the delivery driver arrived (despite the fact that we had pre-warned them of its arrival).The rooms are incredibly small and lacking basic amenities such as a toaster and a book detailing hotel information. The bathroom was filthy, so much so that I would not use it. We asked that it be cleaned and waited for an hour before going out and reminding reception as we went out. Of course, when we returned it still was not clean. Housekeeping did it whilst we were there. It was not cleaned on two other of our five day stays. The first day we let it go, but when we contacted housekeeping on the second day they asked what we wanted done!!! The rooms appear not to have been dusted since the hotel's opening, and some of the glasses in our room appeared to have toothpaste wash in them. The housekeeping staff speak limited English (although they are very pleasant). Our hallway was constantly littered with a dirty linen trolley and the cleaning closet door was often ajar.The staff are incompetent, generally lacking basic customer service skills such as greeting customers with Good morning rather than Are you checking out?. One evening they were more concerned about what pizzas they were going to order than attending to guests needs, and on another occasion loudly discussed another guest and the fact that they thought she was on drugs. The promised complimentary paper was delivered erratically. We asked for a taxi to be called on one occasion and after a long wait were advised that we were probably better off hailing one from the street. Every time we went to the reception desk we were asked if we were checking out! No, we are not checking out, there is another problem!!!The elevators are extremely slow and the reception area is freezing cold. There is no internet access in the business facilities.On the positive (I have to try to find some!) the recreation area is excellent (although I would be concerned about cleanliness) and the location is very central (5 minute walk to Darling Harbour).  
<Date>Jan 7, 2007
<Rating>1	2	2	5	1	1	1	1	

<Author>mgossin
<Content>lovely rooms, terrible service the suites here are very good standard - exceptional quality bathrooms and beds - the hotel has only been open 7 weeks. if you are looking for 5 star service however they have a long way to go. ask for a suite above floor 38. the swimming pool and spa are indoors but good quality.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Heather3000
<Content>Lacks 鈥榓mbience鈥?- Give it a bit more time. The reception is pretty and service was very friendly.This place has only been open for a few weeks so there were a few things 'missing' from this place.We were taken to a room on the 15th floor in which they said if we didn鈥檛 like it we could be upgraded to a room on the 19th floor. The room on the 15th floor was terrible. It felt somewhat like a prison cell where everything (lounge/dining/bedroom suite) was cramped into what seemed like a tiny little box and the views were the back of the brick walls of the surrounding buildings (very unattractive and extremely claustrophobic). For the amount of money we paid, I would have asked for my money back.So we went for the room on the 19th floor in which the room was a lot more spacious, (not as pretty as the website pictures), everything was set out nicely and the view was of the other surrounding apartments (eg: looking out onto other balcony's unsightly rubbish) and a little bit of Darling Harbour).Missing: 鈥榓mbience鈥? welcome/facilities book, rubbish bin liners, and complimentary newspaper.Found a dirty towel in the bathroom (bathroom was nice) and a few dirty marks on the bedroom wall. (not what I had expected from a place like this). Luckily housekeeping came around to see if everything was ok and they were extremely apologetic and replaced the towel and cleaned the wall. Breakfast was pleasant. Small eating area (I think this area might be 鈥榯emporary鈥?until they find a bigger room perhaps??) . Gym area, pool, sauna and spa were great.Location? Excellent!!! Right in the heart of Sydney city. Everything was close-by, Darling Harbour, China town, George Street, QVB. Great place to stay if you鈥檙e staying in the Sydney CBD. After our day-trip we returned to our room to find the rubbish bins had bin liners in them and two complimentary chocolate biscuits were placed in the kitchen area.This place seemed like it was forced to become available before it was actually 鈥榬eady鈥? Felt sorry for the staff as they seemed 鈥渟hort-staffed鈥?most of the time.Overall this place was okay. I would rate it as a 4 star apartment. Give it time (say another 06 months) and maybe it will improve. 鈥淣ice鈥?for a weekend away.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	4	1	5	3	-1	

<Author>Happycan
<Content>Good location, spacious and well appointed I have just returned from one night at the newly opened Fraser Suites Sydney. My family had two separate suites, one of which had a separate bedroom, and combined kitchen / dining / lounge area; the other was a simple bedroom with tea / coffee amenities similar to a hotel room. Both had ensuite bathrooms.Both suites were very nicely appointed in a business style, with dark wooden floors, dark walls and yellow highlights used in the kitchen area and in some of the furniture. The views from the room were alright, with glimpses of Darling Harbour from our side of the building, but not spectacular.The suite with kitchen was everything a small family could want, with cooktop, fridge, whisper-quiet dishwasher, microwave and dining table, large lounge area with a large flat panel TV and DVD player (with another TV in the bedroom). Good value if you are staying for more than one night, as prices compare to smaller high-end hotels and the rooms are just as well decorated and you get more room to move and the option of cooking a meal or two there.For those who don't just want to laze around or shop, the leisure centre on level 12 was well-equipped, with a lap pool (50m, I think), spa, sauna, and gym area; all brand new of course.Breakfast was marred by having to wait some 45 mins due to the crowds. I would recommend either going early on a Sunday morning (before 9 am) or go during the week if you can, otherwise risk not having the full buffet experience as the food ran a little low. On the other hand, the restaurant staff were very attentive to our needs when we arrived to make up for the delay. At any rate, there are plenty of other places to dine in the area if this is a concern, so don't let this put you off.Location is fantastic, on a street parallel to the main shopping thoroughfare in the Sydney CBD (George St), so a bit quieter than the main road, yet still in close proximity to cinemas, supermarkets, shopping, bars ... the QVB, World Square, Chinatown, Darling Harbour etc.The reception staff are very friendly, polite and helpful. We were never asked to wait as the desk was well staffed at all times. The staff also were very keen to hear feedback and improve the service and facilities, which was pleasant to see, and I suppose a result of the fact that the Suites are newly opened, but hopefully a trend that continues.Overall a really good experience with a lot of bang for you buck! Wish we could have stayed longer.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	3	

