<Author>eowyngirl
<Content>Nicely furnished, not so great view Quite a nice little hotel, well deserved 4 stars. Richly furnished but not so opulent that you would mistake it for a 5 star. Most encouraging was that the room I got looked EXACTLY like it did in the pictures on the website - very encouraging indeed! Nice and convenient location for anyone who doesn't want to be amongst the hustle and bustle of Las Ramblas; it can get really rowdy around there so L'Exiample was a great place for me. Anyone with heaps of luggage will find it a struggle if you're hiking from the nearest Metro station (Passeig de Gracia) as HBC is a goodly few blocks from there. Staff were attentive and very helpful, no problems with leaving my bags before and after my stay. The only gripes I had were that the reception wasn't always tended, especially at night. Not sure where all the staff went but they were nowhere near the lobby. Also I had no view from my room which was a great pity as the rest of the hotel and furnishings were so nicely done - although suspect this was b/c I booked through as a cheaper rate / single traveller using a double room! (the window looked out onto a brick wall that was about three feet away from it!).  
<Date>Dec 24, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	4	5	3	

<Author>IanMitchell
<Content>Wow!!! Everything was excellent! My partner, baby and I stayed for two nights. Very clean, very luxurious. It is in a great location, just round the corner from Las Ramblas, they setup a cot and made it both days even though we brought our own. No microwave or kettle in the room but the staff were more than happy to fill the baby bottles with boiled water so that was no problem at-all. Very nice and helpful staff.You will be surprised for the cost, it cost us just 150 euros for the two nights, I booked with Lastminute.comThe Tapas bar around the corner was fabulous! It is a must I forget the name but it begins with a C as I remember, as the very helpful reception staff.Another must is the tour bus, take this as soon as you can for an excellent view of this great city.  
<Date>Dec 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>thekma
<Content>Terrific hotel--evenb etter than expected! We just returned from a 3 night stay in this hotel and were very impressed. We arrived late only to discover there had been some legitimate linguistic confusion over the room. We had emailed the hotel asking for a regular room with a cot for our seven year old. The English receptionist on duty seemed surprised that we had asked for a cot for our daughter, gently hinting that she thought we needed a bigger room and that our daughter was a little big for a cot. We replied that, no, she always sleeps on cots when we are in hotel rooms. Eventually, we learned that for Brits cot means crib and not simple foldaway bed! Anyway, she and the other attendant decided that the standard room would be a bit cramp[ed with a foldaway bed and they upgraded us to a beautiful suite on the 5th floor, replete with balcony-type windows....all for the 80 euros a night price we had secured via the hotel website. The room was tastefully decorated and well serviced by the cleaning crew. Though the room faced the intersection, it was incredibly quiet--we did not even feel the subway rumble that some readers mentioned. I think the only negative thing was that the hot tub/jacuzzi was broken while we were there (they are waiting for a part to be shipped in order to repiar it), but that was a very minor disappointment, as there are lots of other things to bve doing in Barcelona!We didn't eat in the hotel, but rather took the desk attendant's recommendations and went to the two tapas places they recokmmended (one was a half block away on Via Mallorca and was always busy--we ate our breakfasts there and were very happy) and the other was 2 and a half blocks away and was terrific. Unfortunately, I cannot recall the names. But they steered us very well. The hotel is in an excellent location--an easy 5 minute walk to Gaudy's celebrated apartment building, not too far from a subway stop, etc. The neighborhood is mixed, residential and business and there are restaurants, cafes, grocery stores and everythign else you could want just down the block. But is it in a sanity zone in terms of noise. All in all, this was a fantastic place to stay and we will be going to this hotel again...the regular rooms looked nice, as well!  
<Date>Nov 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>whereyagoinnext
<Content>Much better than anticipated. Some reviews here were not that good so we were a little apprehensive staying here for four days. But it was a good deal and seemed in a good location. As it turns out, it was great. It was close to a metro, the room was nice, it was quiet, the staff was friendly and helpful. All in all, a good experience.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>AusBCN
<Content>Solid Hotel Good hotel, very clean, well appointed. Got a good last minute deal from ratestogo.com (80 euros ++). Our room was interior so very quiet except for the occasional distant rumble from the metro trains far beneath the building. We arrived early (12pm), they handled the early checkin very well. Would definitely stay again.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Jbee832
<Content>Fantastic room - skip the breakfast! We chose the hotel based on reviews on Tripadvisor when the Hotel Villa Emilia cancelled on us with only 3 days notice (boo hiss). We only had the one night in the hotel in a standard room. It was decent sized room and looked good. The hotel was in a great location. The reception staff were attentive and helpful. We left our bags with them on the Sunday morning while we did a Segway tour (www.spainglides.com) which was excellent fun. My only gripe would be the breakfast - for some reason we thought breakfast was included but it wasn't. The hot food was cold and the selection wasn't great, so a bill of an extra 17e per person wasn't greatly appreciated. Our mistake but a costly one!  
<Date>Nov 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>MTLMidlands_Ireland
<Content>Pure luxury Loved the luxury in the hotel -receptionists need some attention though! We stayed here for a 4 day tour of Barcelona. Booked the hotel based on reviews on Tripadvisor and they were generally bang on .Magnificent bedroom, really spotless and beautifully furnished.Breakfast was steep at 17e extra each so we ate in a really nice tapas bar 20 metres down the street. Room service excellent.It is in a very nice district ,if a little far away, maybe 15 mins walk to the La Rambla hive of activity. We had pretty wet cold weather so we soon got used to using the metro to travel from the hotel to the main attractions just 2 stops away.If I were going again I think I would rather compromise on the luxury to get a more central location.There's so much to see!The only gripe I have about this hotel is the reception. The evening we arrived the receptionist could not locate our booking .When I showed her our copy which I had printed out from the website she sighed and agreed that it would be okay because there was plenty of availability anyway.There was definitely no sign of a remotely friendly welcome. Again on our departure we were coldly sent on our way . When we returned later to get our bags we again encountered the same dismissive attitude.Nevertheless if you want real luxury, huge firm beds, comfy surroundings and fabulous food go for it - just ignore the lack of friendliness !!  
<Date>Nov 1, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	1	5	5	

<Author>Joolzief
<Content>Perfect Break After much reading and research I booked the Barcelona Center for a 3 night break for my partners 40th birthday. I chose the hotel for its location, rating and cost. We were both delighted with the hotel, room and facilities. It was calm, peaceful and very comfortable. We had a lovely big room on the 5th floor overlooking the Calle des Balmes with a little balcony and floor to ceiling windows. The bathroom was fabulous with a separate bath and wet room. The beds are firm but fine. The TV wasn't working properly and couldn't get music to listen to while getting ready to go out or when back in. Also no tea/coffee faclilties in the room which I would have liked. Breakfast was included in the deal (otherwise expensive). It had a variety of hot and cold food, great coffee, plenty fresh fruit and the usual breads and cereals etc. It is about a 10 minute walk/ 20 minute stroll from the Plaza Catalunya and the top end of the Ramblas. From the roof terrace you can see the Sagrada Familia (25 minute walk) and Mont Juic. Best parts for us are the Eixample cafes and bars for tapas etc. The Born/Sant Pere area for exploring and shopping.The Gothic quarter for strolling round and for a bit of an edgy experience the Lower Raval. We found ourselves in a street (Il Roberador) which was pretty grim and for me - on the wrong side of scary. We were warned to stay away by some random guy as we obviously stuck out like typical tourists. It was wall to wall prostitutes, dealers and users, not to mention the gangs (one guy banging some metal piping against the wall as we approached!). My heart was certainly racing a bit. However we survived and a bit of sense and caution is advised. We loved Barcelona. What a great place. The Aerobus is a little over 4 euros to the City Centre. A taxi about 21 Euros (including 1 case and a supplement of 3 Euros). The Tourist bus is a great way to see other parts of the City which you can hop on and off and change routes (red and blue). The Nou Camp (17 euros is well worth a visit). But the best way is to walk and sit in pavement cafes with some Cava and Tapas (weather permitting).  
<Date>Oct 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>sealsFrance
<Content>Make sure you take proof of booking with you I'm pleased to say that previous reviews are right about the excellent location of this hotel. Unfortunately, my stay was not without a hitch.I had booked the hotel (after browsing on this website) via its own website and printed off the booking form before I left. I felt happy with my quote which included breakfast and taxes. On the first morning I was told in the dining room that my reservation did not include breakfast and I would thus be billed a hefty 17 euros per person (albeit a fine breakfast, I had not envisaged paying extra for it!) I returned to the reception with my printout quote where they informed me that the deal I had been given on the website was incorrect. I reminded them that I had received the quote from the hotel's own website and that if their website was quoting incorrect tarifs that it was not my problem. To cut a long story short, I didn't have to pay for the breakfasts, but I was treated rather curtly by all the reception staff almost as though the original error had come from me.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2008
<Rating>2	5	4	5	4	2	2	-1	

<Author>trp_advsr_mmbr
<Content>thoroughly enjoyed our stay I trawled through the reviews on Tripadvisor before picking this hotel and all the positive accounts are bang on. We loved this hotel. We were travelling with our one-year old so we needed a cot in the room. On arrival we were informed that the cot was in place and we'd been given an upgrade to allow us more space. Everything about this hotel made it the perfect choice for a break in Barcelona. The food is delicious, the rooms spacious and comfortable, the staff all have excellent English and are exceptionally pleasant and helpful. Loved it, stay there.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>jemr
<Content>Perfect for a weekend break I booked the Center Hotel having read the reviews on this site and was very glad I had. We have stayed in Barcelona a number of times and the hotel was slightly more than we usually pay but still good value. The room was modern, comfortable and well furnished (yes, the beds are firm but I think that's a good thing and there is a pillow menu). The bathroom was large and clean, the service was courteous and there is a lovely roof terrace where were able to enjoy an evening drink. We didn't try the restaurant as there are many good (and inexpensive) restuarants in the surrounding side streets and we found an excellent baker/patisserie for breakfast.The hotel is situated near the top end of the Passeig de Gracia, with its great shops, and about 10 minutes walk from the Placa Catalunya and well away from the touristy Ramblas (but this too is walkable).Others have commented on the noise from the subway and there is indeed a distant rumble but this didn't disturb us at all.I thoroughly recommend the Center Hotel for a top class weekend at a reasonable price for what you get.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	3	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>digtravel
<Content>Great Rooms, Location and Breakfast       View up the street from Barcelona Center Hotel  
<Date>Sep 30, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>zukoto
<Content>Great stay Great hotel and perfect location. Loved the top roof hydromassage jacuzzi.  
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>drsunny
<Content>Thoroughly enjoyed our stay This is a short review but just wanted to say that the location is great location, just 2 blocks from passiag de Graca, beautiful spacious rooms and the staff were very accomodating. We were after a relaxing city break and this hotel was ideal. The free broadband was very handy- bring own laptop  
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>offroadinaj
<Content>Beautiful Room, Nice Location Having never traveled outside US, I did not have any expectations really, (although reading other reviews prepared me for the small size of rooms!), but found this room quite nice! was probably the largest of all rooms stayed at during trip even. The bathroom was downright luxurious compared to others as well! Beds seem to be very hard as a standard everywhere we stayed, and these were no exception. Free internet access was nice bonus. The area is definately quiet at night, a bit away from everything. We took the bus from the airport, as suggested on other reviews, but is was a bit longer of a walk, slightly uphill, than expected. still, not a problem if you like to walk. We used the metro to get around town after that. Walked to Las Ramblas. Thought it was a good value for money, would stay again-  
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>MarkLondon34
<Content>Excellent hotel with a staff team with a can-do attitude       Rood Top Spa baths. brilliant!!  
<Date>Aug 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tonyb5
<Content>Spotless in all areas Stayed here as part of a long weekend to celebrate an anniversary.Really impressed with the cleanliness of the whole hotel and the friendly nature of the staff. English speaking staff an added luxury and a privilege as you are in their country. Staff willing to point you to various points of interest and assist in making your stay enjoyable.Our room was very comfortable despite the dark decor. Spoilt fr choice with the buffet breakfast in a lovely bright dining area. The restaurant was worth a visit as well.I would have no hesitation in staying here again.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>msandico
<Content>Must go to Cerveseria Catalunya down the street!! We stayed at this hotel for a weekend in July and were nicely impressed with the hotel. Clean room, big bathrooms with granite but i think for the price we paid, it could have been a little better/grander. Service was decent and the location is 2 streets away from Placia de Gracia but at the top end. So if you want to go down to the main La Rambla, its about a 10-15 minute walk and even further to get to the waterfront.The BEST part about this is its very close proximity to the BEST tapas bar around, Cerveseria Catalunya. The service was excellent and the tapas were so delicious. Beware howevere, that this place is very popular and can take a while to get a seat. When we go back to BCN, we are defintely coming here..and maybe the Center Hotel though i'd like to be by the beachfront next time.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>WernMachine
<Content>top-shelf hotel       View from 5th floor of the Hotel Central Barcelona  
<Date>Jul 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>shinney
<Content>Great hotel, well recommended Myself, my partner and our 10 month old daughter stayed in this hotel for 8 nights in May and found it great although there were some minus points. The location was great, about 10 minutes walk from the ramblas, in a quiet area which we found quite safe, there was a nice very reasonable Chinese two or three blocks down on the way to the ramblas on the right and also a great Irish bar nearby , Scobies, if thats what you are into. The hotel itself was very nice, our room which was on the third floor was very spacious with lots of storage space and a large bathroom. We requested that there was a cot placed in the room and there was a travel cot set up and ready for us when we arrived. The rooms were cleaned every morning. I didn't find any noise issue with either traffic or trains.The hotel breakfast was lovely, with plenty of fruit, pastries, breads, eggs cooked two ways, meat and cheese. Our daughter loved the fruit and cheeses. However if it wasn't included in our room price i don't think I would have paid 17 euros for it. I also found the staff in the hotel fantastic, especially the porter who took our bags to the room, spread a map on the bed and spent ages showing us the sights of Barcelona. The reception staff were also great and always friendly and willing to help. As a hotel for a baby it was great as they were very welcoming and eager to help and also talk to our daughter. There were however a couple of minus points, we ate in the hotel restaurant one night and i wouldn't recommend it, there wasn't much food served and what there was wasn't great. The staff in the bar and restaurant were also quite abrupt and unfriendly which was a contrast to the other staff we encountered. There are much better places nearby. Also internet access in the lobby was only available if you had your own laptop as the computer in the lobby was always used for meetings. Finally unfortunately the jacuzzi was closed for maintenance for most of our stay but the night we got in them was fab. Sorry this review was so long but it includes the things i would like to hear. Definitely give this hotel a go. We found it great.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	2	

<Author>Wildsnoopster
<Content>Excellent This is an excellent hotel. We stayed on the 6th floor and found it very comfortable. The only complaint I would have is that we had a twin room rather than a double. We used the jacuzzi on the roof which was excellent and although we did not use the gym it looked in good nick and would suit most people.The hotel is situated on Carrer de Balmes at the junction with Carrer De Mallorca a few minutes from La Ramblas and it is just off the shopping strip. It is ideal for everything within the metropolitan areas of Barcelona unless you have to be in the middle of everything. It is 5 minutes from the nearest metro station which is very reliable and safe.I would happily recommend this hotel to anyone it is clean, safe, good location and the staff are extremely helpful.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>charm8
<Content>Great location We had a very nice room at the Barcelona Center Hotel. It was beautifully decorated and located on the fifth floor (away from traffic noise) with a lovely view of the street below. The hotel is located within walking distance of La Rambla with easy access to public transportation and tour buses. The staff was very friendly and helpful.Our only disappointment was the main dining room where we had an expensive dinner with poor service and almost inedible food. However, there are many other restaurants close by.Keeping that in mind, we would stay here again on our next visit to Barcelona.  
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Winelover37
<Content>Great hotel with unconfortable bed and pillows. My wife and stayed 5 days at the Barcelona Center Hotel in May 2008. The location is great as is it near to many Gaudi projects, to the Gracia Street for shopping, and to many good restaurants. We found an excellent tapas restaurant on Mallorca two blocks for the hotel, where we had beakfeat each morning and came back sometime for lunch around 2:30 pm.The hotel itsef was recently renovated. We had an amazing suite, with a big balcony where we could see the city. But, the king sized bed was very hard and the foam pillows were very unconfortable; we did not sleep well. This is the reason why we would not recommend it and why it does merit its four star status.The housekeeping was very slow; on the first day, we only had our room only at 3:00 pm, and then, our room was usualy not cleaned when we came back aroud 2:30. Sometime, they came back at night, sometime they did not.At the front office, the service was good even if it was not that organized.This would be a great hotel if they would improve their beds and pillows.  
<Date>May 18, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	5	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>dmenkes
<Content>Great place, bit of a walk from the Metro We spent three days in Spain and stayed two nights at the Barcelona Center Hotel. The property is very elegant and the room fantastic! I of course raided the minibar and found the bill pretty reasonable considering. Yes the hotel is on top of a railway line as another reviewer mentioned--but we were on the 4th floor and could barely hear it; besides, the line stops running at midnight anyway. Didn't get a chance to try the jacuzzis on the roof but there's an excellent view of the Sagrada Familia from up there. As others have mentioned, it's 鈧?7.50 for breakfast and we skipped that as well, though finding a cafe open on a Sunday morning is a bit tricky! If you walk northeast two blocks to the Rambla de Catalunya (not to be confused with La Rambla which is an awful tourist trap and should be avoided at all costs!), there are several very nice cafes and restaurants. In fact, we found Kess, right near the Passeig de Gracia Metro stop, to be an excellent lunch spot and ate there twice.The hotel itself is a good 10 minute walk from the Metro Diagonal stop, so if you're not up for walking or have loads of luggage, you might have to find a bus route or taxi. We usually travel very light and it wasn't a big deal. The thing I loved the most about the hotel was its location: upscale part of town, away from the obnoxious touristas. Lots of great restaurants around and it's much quieter and safer than the more popular areas southeast.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>MidwestTed
<Content>Good value, great location We stayed here for only one night as we had just returned from Seville and were flying back to the States the following day. After having stayed in another, more modest hotel in Barcelona the week prior, we wanted to splurge and booked this hotel for our last night in Spain. We picked this hotel based in part on location and reviews and made the reservation 1 week prior to arrival(although I was really hoping to get a room at Hotel Puitzer but it was booked due to the last minute nature of our reservations). Regardless, we weren't disappointed with this hotel.Getting there: Having used the metro and aeroport bus on our first trip to barcelona, we decided to take the taxi this time (23 euros for 4 people w/ luggage). The return trip to the airport via taxi for 2 of us was 24 euros (more traffic). You can also take the aeroport bus (~ 2euros) from the airport (buy the tickets when you board) to the center of the city at Plaza Catalunya and then take the metro (L3/Green Line) towards the Diagonal stop (2 stops down) for ~1 euro per person (would definitely recommend buying a T10 pass for the metro if you plan on being there for a few days as you can use the pass 10 times for multiple passengers and it only costs 7.5 euros). The Hotel is about 2 blocks from th metro stop Diagonal. The Hotel: Although check-in is at 1pm, our rooms were not ready for some reason at 3pm when we arrived and we were told to wait or walk around until it was available. My friend was able to convince them to comp us for free drinks and sandwiches in their cafe while we waited another 15mins. The room it itself was very nice for $247 after taxes/night. We had 2 twin beds pushed together instead of a double since they were full. The same happened to my friend and his wife as well. Not a big deal though. There was a large LCD TV w/ the option of having access to the all their movies and internet for 20 euros/day. The bathroom was also very nice but did not have a shower curtain (a theme we noticed throughout spain), so we had to be careful about getting water on the floor. As for amenities, the hotel had a small work out room (treadmill, stationary bike, and row machine), sauna, as well as 2 outdoor hot tubs on the roof which we definitely took advantage of. The staff was friendly and helpful as well (to be expected in a 4star hotel). Location: Nice location that was within walking distance of Las Ramblas (~15mins). Also within 2 blocks of the Metro stop (Diagonal). Downside is that it's right over the metro/train and you can hear them rumble when eating in the cafe. We were on the 5th floor but could still hear a faint rumble (not bothersome at all). Overall, would recommend this hotel given it's nice atmosphere and convenient location to several restaurants and shopping areas nearby. My wife and friends enjoyed it quite a bit but I might consider staying at Hotel Casa Furster (sp?) next time as I preferred it's location and it seemed nicer from the outside. It was a bit more pricier at 187 euro/night (even with a special promotional rate) though. I also was hoping to stay at Hotel Pulitzer but it was booked by the time I made this reservation.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>world_traveler0406
<Content>Loved it! We got a great deal (100 Euro a night) on this hotel! It was worth more than that! The front desk was always helpful no matter what we asked. They gave a great suggestion for a flamenco show that we absolutely loved! The area felt safe and we had no problems with anything. We booked the hotel after the good reviews it got on here and were happy with our 4-night stay there! Their service was super! The only complaint was that the restaurant (which we ate in because of poor weather one night) was not smoke-free. Above everything else, the location was amazing! We were able to walk everywhere. The port is probably the furthest, but it was not a bad walk at all! Excellent hotel and well worth staying there, even if it were for location alone!  
<Date>Mar 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Frecuente-T
<Content>Great Place to Stay - If You Can Get a Good Rate An excellent hotel to stay -- if you can get a good rate (we did, booking online through Expedia.com, average of EUR 135 per night including all taxes and charges). Close to metro stations (Diagonal, Passeig de Gracia). Hotel room on 4th floor was quiet (ask for room facing interior), spotlessly clean. Staff were very helpful. Did not eat at hotel, and no need, since good local restaurants for dinner and early opening bars for breakfast nearby. Minor problems were of the plumbing nature: water would not run out of sinks, and rooftop jacuzzi was cold. But not big issues. Overall, highly recommended.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Phirenice
<Content>Good place to stay PROs:The staff were helpful and friendly, the hotel was clean and nicely designed. The location is excellent, right next to Las Ramblas and you can get guides for the Bus Turistic at reception (you pay 3 euros and that gets taken off the full ticket price when you actually board the bus).CONs:The rather nifty bed pillows are long and sausage shaped, but they are so soft that when you lay your head on top of them, its as though they don't exist! There are some harder, square pillows hidden on the top shelf of the cupboards in the room, which are better than nothing but not wonderful. The bed itself is hard, but not so much that its uncomfortable. If you don't mind having a straight back, its fine.Breakfast is foul, its cheap, greasy stuff that you'd find in any budget hotel. The coffee is instant and not a pleasant experience. Breakfast was not included in our room price (you can choose to include it if you want). We tried it one day and had to pay 17 euros per person! Its a crime! I only wanted a bowl of cereal, but felt I had to fill up on something more substantial at that price. So avoid breakfast, find it somewhere else.CONCLUSION:Despite the cons above, I would actually recommend staying at this hotel because everything else about it is great.HINTS:You have to go to Osmosis a restaurant of contemporary Catalan cuisine about 2 blocks from the hotel. They open at 9pm and are on the corner of Aribau and Mallorca. The food is absolutely amazing, the service extremely attentive and helpful and.. well.. you just have to go! I found it after a few days of researching Barcelona restaurant reviews for somewhere that was relatively near the hotel, with consistently good reviews and that would offer some local specialities. Highly recommended.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>DavidGarfield
<Content>It鈥檚 built on top of a railway line!       View of the main entrance  
<Date>Mar 7, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	3	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>traveller200802
<Content>Very enjoyable Overall this was an excellent hotel. Front desk staff was superb in recommending restaurants, giving directions and understanding our urgency when we figured out we were late for our flight! Room and bathroom were both high end. Definitely has a boutique hotel feel even though it is quite large. Bar/restaurant and common areas were really unique in appearance. If a tourist, be prepared with your walking shoes though as the hotel is in a beautiful neighbourhood but at least a mile and a half to two away from gothic quarter/main areas etc. Its a great walk though, and if tired after a long day taxis were abundant. Definitely recommend Barcelona Center Hotel.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>trinasn_sy
<Content>Perfect location, stylish modern hotel I found this hotel through all the good reviews and so glad i booked it! The location is ideal, far enough from the crowds of Passaeig de Gracia and Rambla de Catalunya but close enough to walk to them ( 5-8 mins). The Diagonal metro station which is just near will take you to almost all places of interest, plus the bus stops just outside the hotel, route 17, and takes you through the city centre down to the port. Taxis are also just a wave away!The rooms offered great comfort in a modern setting. Our first room was smaller with a window on an inside atrium and was totally quiet. We had to change because of a heating problem and the second room was much more spacious but was directly by the street so it got quite noisy with the traffic (even with the triple glazing). But the nice bathroom and the special pillows you can choose make up for it.If you are sensitive to noise, then opt for an inside room.The staff were very friendly and helpful. Overall, just great!  
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Funtraveller007
<Content>Fab boutique hotel We went for my 30th birthday, and had a fabulous time. The hotel is in a great position, being within walking distance of the main centre but in a quiet and attractive area of Barcelona and close to a taxi rank. The rooms were really well appointed, and had a massive bed, walk in drench room and beautiful marble bathroom. The breakfasts were absolutely fine. Our one suggestion would be to eat main meals in one of the many restaurants in the city, rather than the restuarant of the hotel as, oddly, it is still not no smoking.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>bpc124
<Content>Just Great! Booked the hotel after reading the good reviews on this site, and we were not disappointed. It was brilliant from reception, to room, to the fantastic rooftop jacuzzi which was perfect to unwind after a day walking round the city.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>TTK
<Content>Great hotel in great location My husband and I stayed in the hotel for 3 nights. It is in a great location a couple of blocks from the Passieg de Gracia and about a 10 minute walk to Placa Catalunya.The room,which was a good size, was very tastefully decortated (browns and beiges and dark wood) and the furniture and furnishings were of a very high quality. Although our room was at the front of the hotel we hardly heard the traffic at all (we were on the 3rd floor). The bathrom was a good size and had a great walk in shower. Unlike other hotels we have stayed in the complimentary shower gels, etc, were replenished on use.The hotel as 2 hottubs, a small (very) gym, sauna and bar on the roof (bar not in use in the winter). The hottubs were very welcome after long days shopping and sightseeing and it was great to be able to watch the colours of the sky changing as the sun set. We also made use of the sauna.The staff we encountered were all very friendly and helpful.The hotel does have a restaurant which, although we didn't use, looked nice and reasonably priced. There is a breakfast bar in the basement but we choose not to use it as we felt that at Euro 19 it was rather overpriced. We found some great cafe on the Ramblas de Catalunya, one block away. We also went several times to the Cerveceria Catalan (on the road between Balmes and Ramblas de Catalunya) which is excellent and does fabulous tapas (- can recommend the asparagus!). There are also several great looking restaruants around the hotel so no need to venture into town.We have stayed in other hotels around the area and this is definately the best one - would thoroughly recommend.  
<Date>Jan 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Desertgirl1960
<Content>Great Hotel! My husband and I stayed at the Barcelona Center Hotel for 4 nights during our 25th anniversary trip to Spain and Italy in Sept. 2007. We arrived at the hotel at about 11 a.m. and our room was ready which was a great relief since we flew all night and were exhausted. The hotel is located in the Eixample district - an easy 10 min. walk to the Placa de Catalunya, La Ramblas and the waterfront but away from all the noise and craziness of Las Ramblas. There were plenty of restaurants/bars/cafes nearby as well as shopping. The hotel is located on the corner of Calle Mallorca. We were never disturbed by outside noise or other guests. It was remarkably quiet which was great after long, exhausting days sightseeing.The room was perfect - it faced a very pretty courtyard and had clearly been recently remodeled. It was very clean and modern with a large flatscreen TV, a safe and 2 built-in wardrobes. The bathroom was spotless and the shower pressure and hot water was plentiful any time of day.The breakfast was included in our price. There was a good selection of foods, both hot and cold. The only thing we didn't care for was the very runny scrambled eggs (this seems to be the standard in Europe). We did not eat at the hotel restaurant.The hotel provided internet service. A little pricey but very convenient and it was always available when we wanted to use it. I didn't see any internet cafes on the street like there are in Rome but maybe we just weren't looking in the right places.We bought tickets for the hop-on hop-off open-air bus on the first day and it was a great way to familiarize ourselves with the city and get from place to place. We did not use the metro system.We did book a day trip to Torres Winery, Monserrat (a monastery in the mountains) and Sitges (a small town by the sea just south of Barcelona). The winery was about an hour outside of Barcelona and very nice. Monserrat sits high on a mountain and the views are breathtaking. The boys choir sings every day at 1 p.m. and was amazing to listen to. Sitges has alot of history and architecture and the beaches there were beautiful. I would highly recommend this day trip.All in all, the Barcelona Center Hotel was a great place to stay and if we ever return to Barcelona, we will definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Dec 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>janna5864
<Content>Gorgeous Hotel The hotel was beautiful. Very friendly staff, clean rooms, convenient setting a short walk from the P' de gracia. I would recommend this hotel to anyone and would book again when in Barcelona.It's walking distance from Las Ramblas and close to the Metro.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>beatles
<Content>Fab Hotel My Husband and I stayed at the Hotel Barcelona Center in October 2007. The Hotel was lovely with everything you could need. The room was really lovely but it would be really nice if fellow travellers would take care when staying in the rooms. The dressing table had been marked by hot hair straighners we felt it was a reak shame as the Hotel had only been redecorated and refurbished. The location was great just off the ramblas but Barcelona itself is a great City to visit the tapas is addictive and the people are very friendly. We would definatley be going back to this hotel but the biggest wow factor were the two jacuzzi's on the roof overlooking the City. We were luck enough to have one each on our return from sight seeing one day. If you are going to Barcelona give this Hotel a visit its a must.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Silverstate
<Content>loved this hotel We were in Barcelona in early November and stayed at this hotel. We found it to be very nice. The room was clean and quiet. The hotel is very centrally located and we could walk everywhere. There are plenty of restaurants in the neighborhood. It is a quick walk to Las Ramblas although we enjoyed Passeig de Gracia much more than Las Ramblas. We loved the breakfast. All in all a very good experience.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	-1	-1	

<Author>Andy&Caroline
<Content>Great hotel in a great location We loved our room and the jacuzzi on the roof. Breakfast was nice, and the staff extremely helpful. The only odd thing is the cheesy music playing in all the public places! I would have no hesitation in recommending this hotel!  
<Date>Dec 2, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>hairyjock
<Content>Great hotel My wife and I have just returned from a 3 night break at this hotel and we thoroughly enjoyed our stay at the hotel and in Barcelona. Our trip there and back (due a flight fiasco) is another story!!!The hotel is located in the Eixemple district about 10 minutes walk from the Placa de Catalunya and La Rambla. Nearby the hotel there is a wide range of bars, cafes and restuarants and some great designer shopping on the Passeig de Gracia.Our room was very comfortable and of a good size with a nice bathroom that had a great shower. Hotel also has a nice roof terrace with 2 hot tubs, seating, sun loungers and some great views over Barcelona.The staff at the hotel were all very courteous and most spoke good English.All the public areas of the hotel were spotlessly clean and had high quality fixtures and fittings.Buffet breakfast was good with a good choice that was well presented.Overall I would recommend this hotel to couples looking for a good hotel for a few days soaking in the sights and sounds of Barcelona  
<Date>Nov 1, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ScotlandTravel-lover
<Content>Good central hotel Stayed here for one night before a cruise and had picked this hotel because of reviews on tripadvisor.Very happy with the hotel. Modern, clean room. Breakfast was included and was very good.Would recommend the open top tourist bus for an easy way to see the city.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	3	-1	

<Author>denverworldtraveler
<Content>Excellent hotel We found this hotel by accident and are so glad we did. We were staying in Barcelona over the Columbus Day national holiday and had difficulty finding a hotel. I stumbled onto this hotel, which was more than we wanted to pay. It turns out it was worth every cent. We loved the location. Away from all the congestion of the Las Ramblas area but close to some really great restaurants and the shopping on Gracia and Cataluna. It was more like staying in a neighborhood. The service was excellent, the rooms very comfortable. we really enjoyed our stay there and would definitely recommend it to others. They did have a computer where you could check e-mail at 5 Euros for an hour.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>ghermesherver
<Content>Great bargain, great location       Barcelona Center  
<Date>Oct 7, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lorryleeds
<Content>Good choice As first time visitors to Barcelona, we felt generally happy to have chosen this hotel for 3 night stay.Just 5 minute walk to main tourist areas but far enough away to be free of hustle  bustle.Hotel has slightly clinical / corporate air about it but staff are efficient without being overly friendly. Room was internal facing with view of concrete wall and could be a problem if visitors were planning to spend much time in room, which would be a shame in Barcelona. Fixtures  fittings were of high quality with a new feel still about the room.Hotel restaurant had attractive looking menus but wealth of eating establishments in town meant we never sampled food apart from Breakfast on day 1. Although not cheap at 17euros, the choice is good and could set you up for busy day sightseeing.Well patronised Tapas bar Cerveceria Catalana just around corner and well worth a visit.Would happily recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Tiggyblue
<Content>Classy Hotel Location - Excellent 5-10 mins from The Ramblas so central enough but without all the hassle.Rooms - Good quality fittings, very comfortable beds, blackout curtains and a peaceful atmosphere.Hotel amenities - Breakfast plentiful and a high standard, staff pleasant and helpful, jaccuzzis on the roof a bonus after a long day sightseeing.Thoroughly recommend this 4* hotel and if returning to the area would stay again.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>mikey543
<Content>Nice hotel, terrible food! We have just come back from staying at the Barcelona Center hotel and although the room was excellent and the staff were very polite the food supplied by the on-site restaurant was very poor. The restaurant menu was ok however once the food arrived one of our meals (chicken broquettes) was very UNDERCOOKED. At the same time we noticed another guest ask for their food to be recooked. The following night we had room service ordering a simple hamburger however after one bite it was clear the burger was RAW in the centre. (Still dripping with blood). This sort of thing could ruin someones holiday. Certainly none of the staff I asked would eat it. I very much hope that this was a one-off as the rest of the hotel was fantastic. (Location, staff, facilities etc.) Breakfast was fine so I can only assume that the chef in the evening wasn't a chef at all. However I wouldn't let this put people off going to Barcelona which is an excellent city with beautiful food, attractions, people and nightlife.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2007
<Rating>2	2	5	4	5	5	1	-1	

<Author>miss-figgy
<Content>Nice hotel, bargain rate We booked our four night stay as part of a package from lastminute and got a really good rate which worked out at about 拢100 per night RO. Not bad for a 4* in western Europe.The hotel is attractive and has plenty of facilities including jacuzzis on the roof terrace (lovely when the sun is out, not so hot when it's not) and a chic looking restaurant (that we did not try). The hotel is very contemporary with lots of orchids, marble and dark wood furniture.The room was smartly furnished and with plenty of room (we got moved from our first room as it was a twin and found that the double room was slightly bigger). Best of all was the bathroom which was massive (on a hotel bathroom scale). It was divided into the sink / toilet / bidet area, with a massive mirror and lots of marble and then a separate wet room with a bath.Linen was changed every other day and the bed was firm but comfy (with lots of spare pillows that were allegedly of different weights and fibres, but I didn't try them out so can't say). Annoyingly the massive framed pictures above the desk were crooked and couldn't be straightened, but this was only a minor niggle.Reception are not terribly friendly - it was unusual to get greeted when you came in and out of reception - but if you needed help they were fine (good for restaurant reservations). Location is not perfect but this is down to Barcelona's geography - the city is laid out in a long strip. To walk to Las Ramblas (the other side of Placa Catalunya) takes about 20 minutes, Barceloneta and the beach a further 20 or 30 minutes (depending on how busy Las Ramblas was, which was largely dependant on the number of people pretending to be statues. Quite why people find this so entertaining it beyond me, but there seemed to be a lot of them there so there must be some money in it!).We spent a lot of time in the Eixample (there are some excellent restaurants there and the area is less touristy than Las Ramblas) and the hotel is perfect for this. It's also well located for Casa Mila and Casa Batllo/Manzana Discordia as well as lots of designers stores and boutiques.The Barcelona metro system is pretty poor so try not to rely on it too much - there are two systems and although your ticket will work in both you will need to use two credits if you want to use them both. Also if you have to change systems it's a very, very long walk between platforms. If you do stay at the hotel and don't want to walk everywhere walk one street up Carrer Balmes and take the metro (any S route) from Provenca down to Placa Catalunya. Most of southern Barcelona is within walking distance of this stop. Either that or walk to Passeig De Gracia or Diagonal and take the L3 or 4 to Barceloneta or Jaumes. When arriving from the airport if you catch the airport bus take the metro from the North West corner of Placa Catalunya and get the metro just one stop to Provenca and save yourself what seems like a long walk to the hotel when you鈥檙e toting a case. A T-10 ticket costs 7 euros and allows you 10 journeys and can be shared between passengers - just run it through the machine twice. Also note that there are lifts to the platforms in most stations.So, I digress. The hotel is very good. It really does just become somewhere to sleep because Barcelona has so much going on there is no need to do anything else there.For restaurants I would strongly recommended blowing the budget and going for the menu degustacion at Cinc Sentits (book at least a week in advance) and try the Sommelier's wine pairings. A fantastic experience and sure to have a Michelin star before too long. For an a la carte menu try Hisop which is just the other side of Avenue Diagonal. Fabulous service and a really excellent wine list.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	-1	

<Author>ikiikipiki
<Content>A Barcelona Wedding Great location close to transportation, sites and restaurants. Modern in design and amenities. Staff spoke enough English to help us answer our questions. Complimentary breakfast was good. Bring your own iron since hotel doesn't offer one in every room. Request a room facing the street... the view is excellent. The rooftop patio is great and, although we didn't have time for it, two hot tubs are available.I highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>canuckshot
<Content>Terrific Hotel! We stayed four nights at this hotel and couldn't be more pleased with it. First off, the location is fabulous - close to the Ramblas, and very close to the higher end shopping stores. I would not want to stay in the Ramblas as it would be too noisy anyway, so this hotel is perfect to get away from the thick crowds, but at the same time, close enough to walk to all of the stuff going on. Second, the rooms were great - clean, totally modern, smartly decorated, very, very quiet, nice and cool and a big bathroom - so not typical of European bathrooms. The breakfast was also included in our room price and it was very good too - fully staffed and very attentive. The roof top jacuzzis were so cool; great to relax in them after a day of sightseeing. I would totally, 100% stay here again.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	3	4	5	

<Author>sjaan20
<Content>Great hotel!!! Great hotel!!!Nice staff , clean and it's very new.(2006).Close to the La Ramblas!Good breakfast,nice jacuzie on the roof!  
<Date>Sep 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>Bomy
<Content>Worth the 4 star!       Jacuzzi  
<Date>Sep 15, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>thesteils
<Content>One of the Best Hotels In Barcelona This is one of the finest hotels I鈥檝e stayed in. The staff are friendly, helpful and efficient. The rooms are quiet, spacious and well appointed. The location is perfect for all the attractions, eating out and the metro is only a 10min leisurely walk, which can take you anywhere you want to go in Barcelona. I wouldn鈥檛 hesitate to stay here again.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Sunseeker82
<Content>Perfect Hotel! This hotel is faultless. From the friendly english speaking staff giving you info on good local restaurants and cheap transport links when you arrive, to the immaculate rooms, I'd definitley go back here and strongly recommend it.I can only imagine the hotel is not rated as 5 Star as it doesn't have a swimming pool, but the two rooftop jacuzzi's more than make up for it. The views from the massive roof terrace are great. In one direction the sea, the other is Gaudi's cathedral and another has the hills in the distance. It's a great vantage point when relaxing.Even though the hotel is located on a 'main' junction on the road below, it was remarkably quiet, both on the terrace an in our room. We didn't hear one door slam or the maid cleaning rooms around ours in the four days we were there.The room was spacious, very clean with a large flatscreen TV, a safe, 2 built-in wardrobes with a 'wet room'-style shower in the bathroom. The bed was big and comfy and the blackout blinds worked a treat. The mini bar was also very reasonably priced compared to a lot of hotels (2.50 euros for a bottle of beer, 1.50 for water and cheap spirits should you see fit to treat yourself after a day sightseeing).We couldn't have asked for much more here and will be back if we return to the city. It's also down the road from Cerveseria Catalana, a restaurant you'll have to visit!  
<Date>Sep 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>edhazer
<Content>sophistocated hotel with perfect location The hotel is located in one of the most elegant parts of the city, yet the price is extremely reasonable. For example the Hotel Fuester, the only 5 star hotel in Barcelona, is just a few blocks away. You can walk to the Ramblas from here, but you are far enough away to escape its madness. You can walk to the lovely town of Gracia in the opposite direction too. The front desk was helpful too. Only one glitch...they booked me in under the wrong name (I pointed this out and they said they'd fix it), but I got a phone call later challenging my reservation when the other party showed up. I simply came down with the printout of my reservation and they said it was fine. Not a problem, but a bit unprofessional. However in all other aspects, cleanliness, concierge, rooftop gym/jacuzzi, etc. the hotel was excellent and for the price compares favorably with anything else we found.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	2	4	4	

<Author>AlJonesBristol_UK
<Content>See Barcelona from the Jacuzzi! Lovely hotel located near the designer shops and a couple of good tapas bars. Hotel itself is very good, the rooms were large, clean, quiet and the beds are massive. They must have some good quality sound proofing because you didn't hear a sound from any other rooms or the street below. It was my partners 30th birthday while we were there and they kindly arranged a champagne breakfast in bed - partner very impressed and earned loads of browny points. The 2 jacuzzis on the room were lovely to come back to after a long day walking around the city - watch out though as they are not always heated!! Didn't actually eat in the hotel but the restaurant did look good. Would definately come back to this hotel if I get the chance to return to Barcelona.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>neillni
<Content>Good Hotel and Service A great hotel with limited food service. Just of Las Ramblas which is good as you escape the crowds but near enough to walk to any location in Barcelona. The rooms are very nice with everything you expect in a 4* hotel. will use this hotel again when i return.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>abz911
<Content>Amazing Hotel Read This hI just come back from barcelona with my girl friend and i have to tell you this hotel is awsome i upgraded my room to a superior room cst a bit more but was well worth it room was huge and looked so nicely done it had a flat screen tv speakers in the toilet even had a phone in the loo to and the jacuzzi was relly nice but watch out in the night cause one is cold :( Bad points i dont rate the hotel menu at all it is really limited brekfast isnt that great either and pricey and thats it other than that hotel was awsome and the staff fine room service was fast and room was cleaned everyday really wellBARCELONA ITS SELFwas good but expensive and nightlife isnt that great but its shopping haven so my mrs said but one of the best thing is all the hagen daz stores was real cool definantly worth going for 2-4 days max and take plenty of money even better take a credit car but you must carry id like a passport or license other wise some shops dont let you use them, food is ok but they relly do like there meat here so veggie food is hard to find PSwhen i booked this hotel it was rated number 4th out of 456 and now its 10 and if you have already booked dnt worry hotel is really nice and you will enjoy it also remeber people dnt really write good reviews they normally just like complaining other than that have fun people  
<Date>Aug 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BirdieS
<Content>reasonably tourist hotel Plush surroundings, and modern sleek room define this hotel, and the stay was a reasonably pleasurable one.The location is quite good, reasonably centrally located, and a 5-10 minute walk from Passeig de Gracia and Las Ramblas.The room - small(ish) but sleek and modern with a nice shower. The downside was that our room was inward facing so there was little natural light coming through and no view. Any room with 01 or 02 or 03 at the end will be the same.The breakfast - choice of tea, fresh juices, fresh fruit as well as the usual (breads, cheese, meats) with cooked items such as scrambled eggs, Spanish omelette, bacon. It is supposed to be a 4 star hotel however and I suppose I'd have expected a more extensive breakfast with friendlier service.Service - the bellboy was not there when we arrived, so we had to pick up our own bags, although they did offer to bring them up to us when the bellboy returned. Service was otherwise OK.I'd recommend this as a clean and pleasant hotel, without the bells and whistles of more luxurious (and expensive) hotels but good enough for a city break.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	2	2	-1	

<Author>Ana23
<Content>Comfortable, clean hotel close to the centre of town My husband, daughters and I stayed at this hotel for 3 nights in July 2007. We had 2 adjoining rooms on the 5th Floor. The hotel is centrally located and an easy walk to the centre of town. The rooms were small but well furnished, clean and comfortable. Reception were fairly helpful, for example, when asked for additional toiletries these were delivered within minutes. Breakfast was plentiful, varied and nice enough. A good base to visit Barcelona and good value for a mid-price hotel.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	5	4	2	4	-1	

<Author>t.carballo
<Content>Great Hotel and Away from the Maddening Crowds! A great Hotel situated ina lovely neighbourhood about 10mins walk from Plaza Catlunya. We stayed for 4 nights and thoroughly enjoyed every one. I've been to Barca on several occasions and this hotel was probably one of the best. Great rooms and undeniably the biggest bed I've ever slept on 2m X 2m I'm sure.A great tapas restaurant just around the corner is probaly one of the best in Barca too, it's called El Taller De Tapas, awesome try it!  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>piwismum
<Content>Barcelona Center lived up to reviews! Chose Barcelona Center mainly after reading reviews on this website. Excellent experience. Hotel 10 minute fast walk from aerobus drop off point in Placa de Catalunya (3 euros 80). Nice quiet location - had a rear room but didn't mind as no street noise at all (previously stayed on Las Ramblas and while great atmosphere really noisy well into early hours). Room immaculate - not huge but big enough with excellent bathroom. Beware charge for ice though!Didn't use any catering at hotel as preferred to eat out. As regards dining - recommend 'Cent Focs' - same street as hotel but back nearly to Placa de Catalunya. very reasonable, great service and atmosphere and lovely food. Don't miss Sagrada Familia - fantastic to see a building of this magnitude under construction - arrive early though....!  
<Date>Aug 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>emmaLiverpool
<Content>thoroughly we loved this hotel!!! great location, great staff and a great jacuzzi terrace. very good location, although our feet were killing from all the walking! rooms are very modern, although the bed was hard. plenty of storage and a plasma acreen TV. breakfast was good although not alot of hot items. 15 mins walk to las ramblas, it was better being further out as it could get quite noisy in the centre. we planned to go to hard rock cafe one night but there was a 2 hour wait!! we found a great US diner restaurant on Balmes called hollywoods, we were a bit dubious at first as there was no one in there but the beers were 2 euro and the burgers were massive!! try this one instead. all in all agreat trip! if you are visiting the nou camp make sure you get here early, you can catch them training and its less ques.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Tessa_123
<Content>Great hotel! The Barcelona center hotel is a great hotel for an ecxelent price. Our room was nicely decorated, had a huge bed a, nice bathroom and was very clean. The breakfast was good too and the jaccuzzi's on the roofterras were very nice as well. The staff was very helpfull, the only thing we didn't like was the nearby tapas restaurant they reccomended. The hotel is about 15 minute walk from the Ramblas.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	3	5	4	4	3	

<Author>CSN
<Content>Bizarre decor but great rooftop jacuzzis This is the second part of our stay (see hotel central) which was booked by a contact of my dads who was paying for the long weekend break. We had gone to and stayed in the wrong hotel on the first night.This one is more in the business district but near some of the less known Gaudi - La Pedrera and Casa Batlo - which are my favourites.The hotel had bizarre dark and potentially dated decor in the salon down stairs and the bar.The rooms were modern with flat screen TVs.There were two jacuzzis on the roof with views of the cathedral. My sister and I went up but on the first day there were some russians who had had a few bottles of whisky and vodka and were leering - quite nasty really.Anyway on the other days I had the courage to go up and they weren't there and it was great to massage my tired feet from all the walking. The breakfast was in the basement which was ok but not amazing.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>BOSLEY123
<Content>I had no complaints I stayed there for 2 nights in July and it was very good. We had never been to BCN before and dont really have anything to compare it to but found it to be clean and in a very good location. We had a view of the street and never had any issues with noise. As for the breakfast we had it included in our package but only used it once. If the prices i see on here are right it would be overpriced so i would recommend just going to a shop and getting a panino or coffee and muffin. The rooms were modern and clean. They were a bit small but we didnt care as we were gone all day. The T.V selection was awful but some people may never use it. i would recommend this hotel to anyone if the price is right.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>wenbrug
<Content>Bit dissapointed The hotel is nice and rather modern, but the standard rooms are small and dark. We had a small window facing the rooms across with 6 meters inbetween. The bed is also rather hard. Further the restaurant is OK. We had dinner there the first day and it was OK for 鈧?16,50. We had the idea that the staff was short on 1 pair of hands, but they were very polite and the food was OK. The whirlpools on the roof are nice and you have a nice view, but there is no music or anything so you get bored rather quick.The hotel is good for 1 or 2 nights but if you stay in Barcelona longer, i will choose a hotel with bigger rooms and a pool.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>Fussy
<Content>Worth staying here for sun terrace alone Stayed here for 2 nights for a return visit to BCN with teenage daughter in July. Thought the similarity in decor to Casa Fuster where stayed on last visit a coincidence until realised was a sister hotel! Decor v pleasant- we found the beds comfy, bathrooms good- rooms not enormous but that seems the norm for BCN. Location good, similar distance to centre of activities to Casa Fuster, and away from the Ramblas that I find a little tacky to say the least. The road running between this and Paseig de Garcia is well worth a stroll- all in all a very pleasant troll down to the main centre of BCN. Our price reasonable- and the sun terrance with ample sun beds , 2 jacuzzis and loads of tables/chairs in my view makes this a perfect location for those that want a bit of RR in between shopping and sight seeing- not the world's best view of the terrace but certainly good for taking some sunshine and leisure  
<Date>Aug 13, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>MSW2
<Content>Brillant little Oasis Beautiful room! Beautiful roof deck, with Jacuzzi's ! Great location !  
<Date>Aug 13, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>B1-64
<Content>FANTASTIC I have stayed in a number of hotels in BCN and this is the best.It is also spotlessly clean.The location is great-a few mins walk from pasaig de gracia and about 10 mins from La RamblaThe hotel staff are polite and professional without being obtrusive.The hotel itself is fantastic and offers everthing you would want from a city centre hotel. The rooms are well laid out and well equipped [ lcd tv,mini bar ,safe,toiletries etc] It also has great double glazing and great blackout curtains.The roof top sun terrace and jacuzzis are great for chilling out after a day touring the city. Jacuzzi also a fab place to sit and watch the sun go down over the city with a bottle of cava.Breakfast was ok but with so many places on your doorstep you are better off going out.Hotel restaurant was fine and good value. 3 courses for 16.5 euros.I would highly recommend this hotel. Stay here now before the prices go up.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>paljoey
<Content>Very disappointed! After reading all of the Trip Advisor reviews, we booked two rooms at this hotel through Orbitxz. The hotel had no record of our reservation but did honor the reservation based on our printed confirmation from Orbitz. The people at the front desk were very nice. The room was tiny by US standards. It was very dark and the carpet was stained and worn. The bed was rock hard. I am not exaggerating. It was without a doubt the most uncomfortable night we have ever spent in a hotel, and we were exhausted having just traveled from Chicago. We were traveling on a cruise the next day and it was quite a relief to get on the ship. I would not recommend the Barcelona center to anyone nor would I ever stay here again.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2007
<Rating>2	1	1	2	2	4	3	-1	

<Author>NM3
<Content>A gorgeous hotel The Barcelona Centre Hotel is an amazing hotel, boasting a great location. The hotel is a 5 min walk from the main sites and shopping areas. The interior of the hotel has been tastefully designed and finished in boutique style, giving a feel of luxury and quality throughout. The attention to detail such as floral arrangements and extravogant fabrics add a touch of elegance. We loved the large bedroom with the huge bed, and although the hotel is in the heart of the city, the brilliant soundproof glazing meant we didn't hear a sound! The visit to the roof terrace is a must!The staff at the hotel were brilliant! Helpful, friendly and professional at all times, and always assisted with our queries. Breakfast was good with a wide selection of cold and hot foods. To summarise, if visiting Barcelona, we would highly recommend this hotel to all! We couldn't fault the Barcelona Centre Hotel.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Jasmine12
<Content>5-star room at 3-star prices Well, the reviews are right on this one! After staying in numerous hotels throughout europe, this one was a great place to end the trip. We paid the least, but got the most. At just over 100 euros, this room offered a comfy bed, huge, modern, clean washroom, tons of in-room space for luggage and big windows.The staff were really helpful and the roof-top jacuzzi (we didn't use it b/c we were too busy) looked great!The breakfast was too expenisve for us, but we just walked to local coffee shops for a bite to eat.Great tapas bar down the road.Make sure to treat yourself to a pitcher of sangria on your trip. The perfect refreshing treat to end a day of busy sightseeing. This city has so much going on!!  
<Date>Jul 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	-1	5	

<Author>cams561
<Content>Great hotel We stayed in Barcelona for three nights, we got to the hotel which is very conveniently located for the shops restaurants etc, there is a great Tapas bar just down the street which was recommended to us by the hotel recption. Breakfast is very expensive and although it is a nice buffet, the selection isn't all tat great. The rooms are very nicely decorated and spotlessly clean, as is the bathroom. My only fault would be that the lighting is very soft so the room almost verges on being a little dark!There is a large roof terrace with gym and hot tubs. I would definately stay here again, its close enough to be handy for all amenities (longish walk or short cab ride) and quiet too.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	4	4	2	3	-1	

<Author>4Family-traveller
<Content>Loved this centrally located hotel This hotel was the perfect location for us. Very close to the main street and about a 20 minute walk to the main area of Las Ramblas. Great value and the breakfast was definitely worth it although not cheap.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>CatIrv
<Content>Great hotel with quality rooms and service Found this hotel on last minute.com and were guided to it by previous reviews. Got the aerobus to Placa de Catalunya and then walked the short 10-15 mins to the hotel - this was late at night but did not have any problem walking through the area which was really safe. The rooms are huge and are of a high standard decor with really thick curtains that dont let the light in which is great if you want a late lay in! Nice jacuzzi and terrace area on the roof. The only slight negative of our stay was that on our first morning we decided to have the hotel breakfast (not included in rate so paid seperately) and on checkout were shocked to find out that it was 17 euros each - whilst it was nice and of good quality, the choice was quite limited and no where near worth the total price of 34 euros plus tax!!!!!Anyway, Barcelona is great and would seriously recommend the Fat Tire Bike Tours - cant remember the name of the meeting point where the tour started but they have a website you can look at. The tour stopped off at a majority of the major sights in Barcelona and it was a great way to see it all with an informative guide. Ate out for a couple of nights in the restaurants in passag de gracia which is about 2 blocks along from the hotel - would recommend BaBaReBa for good quality food and service, however we would say No No to a restaurant called NoNo which had very basic and limited taste food and uninterested staff. On way back to the hotel on most nights we stopped off at the Haagan Daaz icecream parlour which is just one block away in Rambla de Catalunya. Would definately recommend the use of the Metro which is a quick and easy way to get round - they do a one day travelcard type thing for about 5 euros which is great value and allows you to go all over the city and sights.This was my second visit to Barcelona in a year and it didnt fail to wow me again!!  
<Date>Jul 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Kronky
<Content>Lovely hotel in a fantastic city We often read these reviews to help book a hotel and have always found other peoples views a great help in selecting which hotel would be best for us. Having just returned back from Barcelona (via superbreaks) I would like to return the favour for the 1st time and review this fine hotel and city. This city is full of nice places to stay and has many great places to visit (too many for just 3 days!) The Barcelona Center Hotel is fantastic ! We wanted a quality hotel in a nice, quietish area within walking distance to all the main places, this hotel certainly ticks those boxes and more ! as many have said before this hotel has good staff and the rooms are good sized, clean and modern, it also has a great rooftop jacuzzi. We had the buffet breakfast which we found very tasty ! There were many different pastries, cold meats, cheeses, different fresh fruits and juices and some hot foods too, more than enough to fill us up for our long days out exploring and rambling.........the stroll up and down rambla catalunya with its lovely shops and bar/restaurants is an added bonus of being situated in this hotel. Close by you can catch the metro or the wonderful bus turistic, the bus comes every 10mins and the stops are for both the main circle routes (red and blue) which take you to all of the many places of interest in Barcelona. It costs 23euro for each adult to travel around on open top buses and it has 3 routes which allow you to get off and on as many times as you like, a bargain when you realise what Barcelona has to offer ! I'd also like to mention pickpockets as I did get a little worried after reading many bits of advice on this subject. At times I felt La Ramblas could be a bagsnatchers paradise, with its many alleyways running off it , but I certainly did not feel that during the day/evening it was somewhere any different to any other big city.............hope this all helps you to go and enjoy this lovely hotel in a fantastic city..............we will definitely go back !!  
<Date>Jul 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>xray-on-the-go
<Content>Great Hotel in a Great city       room  
<Date>Jul 7, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>GeorgicaPond
<Content>A wonderful find We were fortunate to find this hotel on very short notice. Our intention was to go to the northern coast, but when weather.com forecasted constant rain we rescheduled with one day's notice to visit Barcelona. Our travel agent suggested a number of hotels, and we chose this one based on the Trip Advisor reviews. We could not have been more pleased. The hotel is perfectly located in the elegant area of Eixample, just a three block walk from Gaudi's famous Casa Mila. (The area would be the equivalent of staying at The Carlyle in New York or the L'Ermitage in LA.) The front desk staff was lovely, which was especially helpful since they also act as concierge. The rooms are elegant but modern (not super-trendy hip modern, just comfortable and elegant modern). We requested nonsmoking and they accommodated with no problem.  We were in a standard double, #311. The room was very well thought out for traveler convenience. There are two closets, one on each side of the bed, and extra drawers under the suitcase rack. The desk is large and highly functional with multiple open outlets within easy reach. We had no problem using our computer and charging the cell phones at the same time. The internet worked perfectly and there was no extra charge for using it. (Unlike in our last stop, where in-room internet use was $25/day.) The internet was high speed, but not wireless. The hotel supplied connection cables for no extra charge. The bathroom was lovely. The tub was deep and full lengthed. There were two shower heads and the water pressure was great. The hotel provides nice toiletry amenities. However, be aware that no tissues or robes are provided.  Breakfast wasn't included in our room rate so we didn't try the hotel's buffet, which was pricey compared to the restaurants in the neighborhood. However, meals are served in the very charming dining room/tea room/bar, and we did have both afternoon tea and dinner there on multiple evenings. The restaurant is excellent, with a terrific and surprisingly affordable fixed price menu option. The service in the restaurant was always lovely. I was traveling with my teenage stepdaughter and one of the waiters went out of his way to suggest some evening events that might be fun for her.  The rooms are large by European standards (about the size of a standard room at a US Peninsula Hotel), and the bathrooms are comfortably sized. There's a nice whirlpool on the roof if you want to soak after a long day of walking. Other useful conveniences included a 24 hour pharmacy about 3 blocks away, wonderful restaurants, tapas bars and patisseries in easy walking distance in every direction, and banks with cash machines on almost every block.  Because the room decor is modern, I'd say that the rooms are less classically romantic than some of the more traditionally decorated hotels. However, if traditional European decor isn't what you most need, then the Barcelona Center Hotel can't be beat. I would also recommend it highly for business travelers as the decor is much more luxurious than most business oriented hotels, and the services and business amenities are far superior to most.  Our only disappointment was when we tried to stay an extra day and couldn't. Alas, they were all booked up, and no wonder too.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Robwash
<Content>very nice Excellent hotel in an excellent location. The staff was formal, polite, and very eager to please. Our room was both spacious and modern, and you could tell much thought was given to both the decor and comfort level of the guests in the design of the rooms. Housekeeping was flawless. This is an excellent hotel in an excellent location. If you can afford the hotel, you can also afford the many great restaurants within easy walking distance (Lasarte and Cinc Sentits are both fantastic...make reservations for dinner). There are also a ton of more casual places filled with both locals and good food. If you are thinking about staying on or near the Ramblas, be prepared for lots of famous restaurants with bad food, mini-bar prices, and nothing but tourists eating in them. Also be prepared for the greatest concentration of pickpockets in the Western hemisphere.My only reservation about the hotel is the price. I haven't stayed in any others in the area so I can only vouch for this one. If you find a significantly better rate at an equivalent hotel near-by, then that might be an option. But if you want to be assured of staying in a place that lives up to its star-rating and won't disappoint, this is a great pick. I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Leacroft
<Content>Brilliant Base in Barcelona Just back from a 3 night stay at the Center Hotel and would absolutely recommend it. Excellent location - just a few blocks and a brisk 10/15 minute walk away from the Plaza de Catalunya, which is the hub of the city. 5 or 10 minutes' walk in another direction takes you to Passeig de Gracia which is good for shopping/eating and the site of several of the main Gaudi buildings. Another 5 minutes or so and you can be at the Sagrada Familia. It's also only a 20/25 minute taxi ride to the airport (costs around 25 Euros). The hotel itself is lovely - nicely decorated throughout with attractive, stylish and comfortable rooms with flat screen tv. My room was nice and spacious. The buffet breakfast was great - good range, well presented, well-stocked and fresh. Pleasant, friendly and efficient staff. All in all a thoroughly pleasant and relaxing stay.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Lin_NewYork
<Content>Highly Recommended! We stayed at this hotel from April 21-25. It is four blocks away ( a 10 to 15-min walk) from the RENFE train station (located on Passig de Gracia) which can take you directly to the airport.Check-in was efficient. Our room (414) was tastefully decorated and was of a good size. I especially liked the fact that there were two separate closets located on each side of the bed. The bathroom facilities were new and the powerful shower was soothing after a long day of walk. The only minus was when we checked in, the so called non-smoking room was filled with a strong smell of smoke. It took about a day for the odor to dissipate. Breakfast was included in our room rate. There was a wide selection of cold and hot food. Service was attentive. Every morning we took our time to enjoy our breakfast as most of the attractions we wanted to visit were close by. A couple of notes on sightseeing:1. Sagrada Familia: We were told no more climbing up the stairs. There are two elevators - one in the front and one in the back of the church. We went on a Sunday and waited for 35-40 minutes. Lines were much shorter during noon time. 2. Guell Park: Another alternative to the metro was to take Bus #24 on Passig de Gracia which will take you to the back entrance of the Park and save you the effort of climbing up the steep slope. The bus ride was about 25-30 mins. All in all, we enjoyed our stay at this modern, friendly hotel. It is located in a nice neighborhood, off the bustling crowd on La Rambla. It is a true 4-star and excellent value for the money. I would recommend it to all those who are planning a trip to Barcelona.  
<Date>May 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>JnJ1608
<Content>Absolutely Fabulous! My trip to Barcelona was a birthday present for my partner and this hotel helped to make it a truely special one. From the moment we arrived until the moment we checked out the staff were friendly, efficient, and went out of their way to assist us in anyway they could. We stayed in a standard double room (a description that doesn't do it any justice) - Our room was tastefully decorated and spacious (as was the bathroom); equipped with a flat screen television and extra comfy bed, we found it hard to get up in the morning! Our room was street facing but the windows effectively blocked out the noise of passing traffic.The hotel is in a great location. Surrounded by plenty of cafes, restaurants and designer outlets, the hotel is 5-10 minutes away from the metro station Diagonal by foot; a train station is around the corner; and La Rambla is within walking distance (10-15 minutes).Our time at the hotel was worth every penny and we will definitely be staying there again when we next visit Barcelona. We recommend this hotel to any traveller looking for some luxury at reasonable prices.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Milla10
<Content>hotel i could recommend Fine hotel: Large room, perfect location, good breakfast. We loved Barcelona and the hotel was our resting place for our sore feet.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>Capacek
<Content>Great Hotel Last weekend we returned from Barcelona Hotel Center. It is really 4-star hotel with all what you expected. What is excelent of this hotel, is the jacuzi on the roof. After all day walking, there is nothing better than have a rest in warm-jacuzi with champagne and look to a night city from the top of the hotel!  
<Date>Mar 12, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>zarascan
<Content>excellent hotel excellent hotel ,excellent location,staff all very helpful.Rooms were spotless ,breakfast was lovely cant fault our stay in this hotel at all.We were greeted on arrival,given loads of maps e.t.c of the local area and recommendations of things to do as it was our first time in Barcelona this helped enormously.Everything is within walking distance and the fact this hotel is just off of the La Rambla is something we liked as it was quiet unlike the rambla which becomes very very busy and noisy at times.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>cahiller
<Content>very enjoyable stay Excellent hotel, stayed for 3 nights recently and had no problems.Room on 4th floor was good size, had good facilities and was really spotless. Staff were well trained. helpful and friendly starting with the porter, Jordi, who greeted us and ending with Jaume, the receptionist, who organised our taxi when we were leaving. Breakfast was good but did not try the restaurant. Bar open until 1.00pm was welcoming at the end of an evening and prices were reasonable ( at least compared to Dublin ). Only small niggle was that heating/air conditioning seems to controlled centrally and I was unable to adjust it in my room which was slightly too warm.Would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone visiting Barcelona.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>qwerty222222
<Content>Top class hotel in top class city My wife and I visited this hotel between 9  12 February 2007 and were delighted with our choice.The service was excellent, food splendid and room very comfortable indeed. The hotel was without exception very well maintained and spotlessly clean.The roof top sun area, gym  jacuzzi were great fun. We had a minor concern when we arrived to find that the toilet seat was cracked/broken. Having reported this on Saturday morning, a maintenance man called before lunchtime with a replacement seat. The management were extremely apologetic.Breakfast was very good, you could have as much or as little as you wanted - continental or bacon  scrambled eggs.The hotel was close to several good or excellent restaurants/bars and just ten minutes walk to La Ramblas (or fifteen back with shopping) - but then there was always a gold  black taxi available nearby.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RBCumbria
<Content>Try the rooftop jacuzzi! I loved the Hotel Center. The staff were always helpful and obliging. The decor is of a high order and the rooms well appointed. Breakfasts were comprehensive and I particularly liked the smoked salmon and cava! There is a gym, sauna and jacuzzi on the top floor which was fantastic after a day sightseeing. The area is very safe and there are some excellent shops in the vicinity. It takes about 10 mins to walk to Placa Catalunia. It is a gentle walk down hill. If you don't want to walk back up, ride to Diagonal metro station and walk down to the hotel.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>clara50
<Content>Good choice! I booked this hotel thru hotelclub.com based on tripadvisor reviews. I think this is a very good choice in Barcelona if a got a good rate like I did, as this hotel is really good of the same class of the competing neighbors like the Majestic or the Condes de Barcelona.Very good location near Passeig de Gracia and rambla de Catalunia (the nicest part of Barcelona to stay in Winter) away from the popular and crowdy ramblas area (always choose an hotel between the Catalunia Plaza and Diagonal if you want to feel in a very civilized city).The Barcelona Center is new and very cozy. Try near the Hotel, at Mallorca St, the Cervezeria Catalana and, at Provenca Street the Provenza restaurant.  
<Date>Dec 15, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Lucan
<Content>Very Nice Hotel       The Bedroom  
<Date>Dec 11, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	3	

<Author>villalobosd
<Content>excellent!!   showReview(6184979, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 28, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>RMBEE
<Content>Five Great Nights   showReview(6034291, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 31, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>simon-fidler
<Content>Excellent Location    showReview(6018484, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 27, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AnnaCo
<Content>Loved the Hotel   showReview(5967229, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>clobella
<Content>Excellent hotel at a good rate   showReview(5938817, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MaxC
<Content>Great hotel!   showReview(5802599, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>CSTM
<Content>Great Hotel   showReview(5630736, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	3	4	3	

<Author>noamIL
<Content>great hotel to stay in barcelona               More photos  
<Date>Aug 17, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dan+lou
<Content>Hidden Gem!!   showReview(5531717, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 31, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>paolofish
<Content>Hotel da consigliare, ottimo rapporto qualit脿-prezzo   showReview(23293988, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>bigbamboo76
<Content>Sehr gut gelegenes 'Stadthotel'   showReview(20087858, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 15, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	3	4	2	3	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Excellent Stay   showReview(20551352, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>batroka
<Content>Ottimo hotel   showReview(19454402, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>moyennement satisfait   showReview(19633052, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 20, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Qualit脿 / prezzo ottima! Ci tornerei di corsa!   showReview(19633050, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bon rapport qualit茅/prix   showReview(19633053, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 7, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un bel hotel pour un super s茅jour   showReview(17437937, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 29, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Top Hotel - 5 Sterne Standard   showReview(15565889, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>bien mais petit d茅jeuner tr茅s cher   showReview(13984432, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Super Hotel in super Lage   showReview(13984431, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 22, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(13199807, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 7, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tres bien   showReview(11311515, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 6, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr sch枚nes Hotel, sehr freundliches und hilfsbereites Personal   showReview(11496826, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 2, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>LazioCalimera
<Content>che caldo   showReview(6906913, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	1	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(11368976, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 25, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Parmis le meilleur raport calit茅 -prix   showReview(11368975, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 10, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Empfehlenswert   showReview(11349134, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(11349133, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Servizi supplementari e ubicazione   showReview(11349132, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 7, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

