<Author>GeorgieAustralia
<Content>The secret for parents is next door! We found this place through tripadvisor as recommended by a friend. We were visiting NYC with our four children aged 6 - 14 for Xmas. The location is fab.......we often walked after dinner to see the Xmas tree and the decorated shops. The space is great, the bedrooms huge with plenty of storage to unpack and feel at home. It is a typical NYC apt with basic B  W bathroom with natural ventilation. Beds are comfy....our little boys slept on the pull-out which was OK for them but I wouldn't put 2 adults into it! The beds in the rooms are very comfy and the hot water, hot! Kitchen was simply appointed but it's NYC you don't eat @ home! The breakfast hamper was a great start to the day with kids. The desk staff were friendly but don't go expecting 5 star service however they did respond to the odd need we had. For mothers there was a laundry in the basement...take your quarters. What a godsend.....The BEST THING about Hospitality House is that right next door is the Hotel W....we were able to settle the kids in front of the TV after an exhaustive day and get dressed up and pop next door for a quick French champagne at the funky bar of Hotel W.....what a treat one hour reprieve from the kids!!!....so we could have the nice hotel experience without the price tag to stay there!Hospitality House is not luxury but you couldn't find better value in NYC than this place. NB We were on the second floor at the front so you did get a little street noise...go for one up higher or to the back.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	3	3	

<Author>nymike123
<Content>not again Booked hotel....paid higher price for 2 bedrooms to make sure there was enough space to sleep 5 people.....given penthouse...turned out to be only 1 bedroom....had to sleep on sofa cushion placed on the floor because there was no more rollaway beds (reportedly all in use).... and there were no 2 bedrooms available (has only 6 in entire hotel)....2 guests slept in bedroom...other 2 occupied pull out sofa bed.....asked for another room but none available...had to go to Macy's Thanksgiving Day parade the next day but unfortunately was too tired to enjoy.The penthouse looked good if you try to ignore the dated, not well cleaned furniture and the very weak water pressure when you take a shower...the water was so weak and slow....it was hard taking a shower...the faucet / shower was difficult to control...at times freezing followed by extremely hot water temperature....Despite being on the top floor(10th / penthouse)....the street noise was still too loud....  
<Date>Nov 27, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	2	3	2	3	2	2	

<Author>RaynaDeleware
<Content>spacious suite, but Loved the spacious suite. There was a bedroom for my husband and I and a living room area that had a couch that accomodated our children. The kitchen was well stocked with pastries, bagels, juice , coffee etc. for our continental breakfast.The hotel was in close proximity to Times Square. We usually walked to get to Times Square.The hotel was under construction when we went. There was no sign posted outside of the hotel with the name of the hotel on it. The hotel was hard for us to find. Once we found the hotel there was no place to sit in the tiny lobby after you checked in. The one elevator that services the hotel, was out for about eight hours. It would have been nice to know this ahead of time. For the most part the room was quite clean. There was some visible dust in the room, but it was not a disgusting amount.The room was made up nicely and there were clean towels, sheets and blankets.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>pipWales
<Content>The" Best Best Western" Excellent Mid Town hotel, lived up to all reviews. Very spacious, clean and good value for money. We were a party of four adults who booked a two bedroom apt. When we arrived we were pleasantly surprised at the overall size of accommodation. The bedrooms in particulare the most comfortable beds were of a high standard.This hotel is central to all major sights and good location to access subway station to get around city.We ate out for breakfast , must try Liberty Deli, take right out of hotel ,walking up 49th st next to Burger Heaven, this deli was fab and very reasonably priced.Wewill def return to this accommodation, no complaints for a fab stay  
<Date>Nov 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	3	5	

<Author>kathKmidlands
<Content>great location, great apartment We stayed at these apartments after good reviews on Tripadvisor. We were 5 girls ( from 15 up to 61) and booked a 2 room apartment because we needed space to spread out and not be restricted by a hotel bedroom.There was a kitchen (with dishwasher) and bathroom with shower.The bedrooms were big with built in wardrobes and the beds even bigger!The lounge was spacious with enough seats for everyone (one of us was on the big sofa bed). There was also 3 tvs.Breakfast was brought up by the maid during the day and was ample including, bread, pastries, muffins, bagels, spreads, fruit and juice. It was plenty for us, as we were trying not to eat too much after hearing about the enormous portion sizes in NY!It was clean, and handy for all the attractions. The building work mentioned in other reviews was mostly finished just leaving a couple of boarded up areas on the front of the apartment block.Noise was not an issue with us, as we didnt have the air con on. (it was too cold) We even went to bed at 9ish (as we were weary with lots of walking) and slept really well, but i suppose its how light a sleeper you are.All in all i would recommend these apartments. It only cost us about 拢250 per person for the 4 nights which i think is good for NY prices.We went to see 'Mamma Mia' as well. I booked this from the official website beforehand. Right at the back for $65 each but a great clear view. You must go to the top of the Rockerfeller centre ($20 per person) and go on the free staten island ferry for great views of the Statue of liberty. Macys and Bloomingdales for shopping of course and go to Times square at night. Its got a great buzz.All in all a great experience.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	3	4	

<Author>sushidance
<Content>great little home away from home our room had a kitchen and living room equipped with all the necessities for a comfortable stay. We had a good breakfast of bread, jam, PB, milk, juice, tea, coffee, muffins... The front staff was very friendly. It was a bit noisy since there's a parking lot behind us but nothing that earplugs can't solve.The location was great. we were walking distance from a lot of the attractions. It's a very safe area. Some good eats around too. it's a bit pricey but we were 4 people to share the room (2 queen beds) so it came out cheaper.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>travelandwork
<Content>Fantastic value, space and location A balanced review.Hospitality House is in a great location in Midtown East close to restaurants, shops, the subway, the United Nations and a wide range of museums and other great venues.The hotel is an old apartment block where the foyer is being renovated so you have to walk through the building works to get in and out of your apartment, but that's okay.Three of us stayed for two weeks in a huge 2 bedroom apartment with a full kitchen and bathroom, breakfast incuded daily (or get extra supplies at Azure deli in 3rd Ave and great coffee in the place directly opposite the hotel) and daily housekeeping. Sure the plumbing can fail to proceed (for us it was the dishwasher but the response to our requests for assistance were exemplary). the traffic is noisy and the A/C is loud but his is NYC so wear ear plugs. The apartments are old and the furnishings okay and clean - nothing 'flash' but fabulous given the locaton and the price.For location and range and size of facilities the place is 'a steal'. If you expect the Ritz or Waldorf, I suggest you stay there. My friends and I would stay at Hospitality House if we return to New York.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	4	2	

<Author>MandyH37
<Content>Great Apartment       Spacious bedroom  
<Date>Oct 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>SharonKim
<Content>Fab apartment - will go back.       Lounge  
<Date>Oct 1, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	3	3	4	

<Author>StevieCheshire
<Content>great place to stay! We had a completely different experience from the previous reviewer. Booked in June after reading trip advisor recommemndations and was not disappointed. We booked a 1 bedroomed apartment, but were given 2 bedrooms when we arrived. The rooms were huge, spotlessly clean and the staff couldn't have been more helpful. Yes, the air con was noisy but luckily September isn't a bad month to go and we didn't need it on during the night. The rooms are a bit tired and I think double glazing would be a good idea as it is tdefinitely he city that never sleeps. The fridge was always re-stocked for the following morning and we found it a definite plus not to have to go out for breakfast - much more relaxed and there was always plenty to eat. Yes, there was work going on in reception but we never found it a problem as there is a temporary reception on the second floor. We were on the 4th and never heard any noise from the builders. And you couldn't fault the position. We were able to walk to central park, broadway, empire state, etc and the tube was only 1 block away - although found it very confusing! And if you wanted a taxi it only cost 5 dollars to get to Times Square but to be quite honest it was quicker walking! Leave yourself plenty of time to get back to the airport as the traffic is horrendous. May be it was because there was a VIP conference on at the Waldorff (just around the corner from the Hospitality Suites) and the roads were blocked off and police presence was huge. It took is 1 1/2 hrs to get to Newark!If you can, do the helicopter flight it was amazing and well worth the money. Wear comfy shoes as you won't believe how far you walk! Loved the shops, especially Bloomingdales and China Town is definitely worth a visit.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>franzi_8
<Content>Dirty, Noisy, DEFINITELY NOT RECOMMENDED. The rooms did not feel very clean. There were stains on the upholstery and rugs. The extra fold up bed that we had requested had springs coming up through the mattress. The air conditioning was so noisy that we needed to switch it off if in order to sleep. The toilet overflowed within an hour of our arrival. Only one staff member on duty at 5 p.m who suggested that we had blocked it! Plunger next to the toilet suggests otherwise. Overflow cleared in very unsanitary way, just mopped up with towels. No disinfectant used. The bag of sopping wet, dirty towels were carried, leaking across the other rooms. Eventually we were given a different room, also with plunger next to the toilet...Complimentary breakfast items are not delivered until the rooms are cleaned by which time I imagine most people have left the rooms and either eaten already or gone out to get something fresh.Scheduled building work did not seem to be kept within the hours that had been stated and we were woken on saturday morning with our room vibrating from drilling.Our much awaited stay in New York was sadly marred by this unloved and very poorly maintained hotel.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>Daisy0312
<Content>Fantastic! Travelled to NYC with my family and we could not have wished for a better trip. The Best Western Hospitality House is perfect for those looking for a central base to explore the city. It is incredibly spacious, clean and has very helpful, friendly staff. The complimentary breakfast was the perfect start to the day. We had been notified that construction work would be ongoing at the time of our stay but this did not affect us at all. There was no noise or disruption. Staff at reception, particularly Omar, were very helpful and recommended tours and they even arranged for a limo to take us back to the airport in style after the wonderful trip. I would not hesitate to recommend Best Western Hospitality House.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Westra
<Content>A great place! This is such a great find! Supersaint388 either stayed in a different hotel or just had a freak experience.The location is great, the rooms clean and practical, the staff friendly and we will definitely return  
<Date>Sep 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>supersaint388
<Content>okay but not worth the money well what a shame that you let yourself down we had a very large cockroach in the bathroom , and we also had to go out at 7 in the morning because our complimentary breakfast was not refilled , also the there was a missng towel rail in the bathroom , the room was not cleaned very well , and as goes for the building work going on in the new reception this was terrible being woken up at 8 in the morning by load drilling and banging was not my idea of fun . also if you must have staff that hardly speak english let alone understand it , please get them to atleast have some local knowledge as it said in the best western handbook that your staff woyld be very useful with massive local knowledge ...WRONG WRONG AND WRONG AGAIN  
<Date>Aug 22, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	1	4	2	3	

<Author>JoshuaMConnecticut
<Content>Excellent value We chose this hotel because we were trying to find something as close as possible to Times Square for under $400. As it turned out, this hotel was $406 after adding in the taxes and fees. At the moment, this hotel is getting renovated on its ground level. There is construction plywood along the front and the lobby has been temporarily moved to the second floor. We were told that the renovations are going to be complete sometime around October or November in 2008.This hotel was an apartment house at one time. Our room was 5A, and was actually a 4-room apartment having a kitchen, living/dining room, master bedroom, and second bedroom, and a full bath. The kitchen was stocked with 6 different individualized cereal boxes, an unopened quart of milk, a pint of orange juice and a refrigerated bowl of fruit. The next morning the desk brought up an assortment of bagels, muffins, breads, danish. The refrigerator was equipped with an icemaker. Also included was a coffeemaker, and an assortment of pot-sized coffees. Of course, the kitchen had plenty of dishes and silverware. Bathroom was fully stocked with the usual shampoos and lotions. The apartment had three televisions, although one of the remotes was missing. The master bedroom had a king bed and there were a set of twins in the other bedroom. The dining area had a table and chairs for six. The sofa opened into a bed so you could put a maximum of six people in this apartment very comfortably.The attendant at the lobby allowed us to drop off our luggage before check-in, which turned out to be hugely beneficial since our train arrived around 10 am. They also held our luggage while we attended a show on our check-out day. You couldn't ask for more accommodating hosts.The downside: the toilet was clogged when we got there, but there was a plunger included in the apartment, no big deal. The air conditioning was window units which are rather noisy. The street noise was accentuated because of the a/c. The tub drain could have used a cleaning and there was a couple inches of water in the tub after taking a shower.The hotel is about 3/4's of a mile from Times Square and is on the subway line that runs under Lexington Ave. The area is midtown-east and is generally office towers and business-class hotels. We felt very safe during the day and the streets had plenty of people on them at night. The Waldorf Astoria is a half block to the west. We walked 35 blocks north to the upper east side after supper without any concern.All in all, a bargain considering that the better hotels are running close to $600 a night nowadays.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	5	5	

<Author>Kingmaker
<Content>A mixed bag No doubt this building has some good things going for it. It is in a good location with easy access to subway line 6 which whizzes you up and down Manhattan and you can walk to Grand Central, 5th Avenue, Rockefeller Cnter and so on. We wanted an apartment so as a family of 4 we could be together and the one we had had loads of space - unusual for NY. The reception desk were helpful. The rooms almost had a touch of elegance to them and you get a kitchen with breakfast items (cereal, spreads, milk, juice, bagels) thrown in for free. We did not see the building in a good light because they are ripping the lobby out until November so we had to walk through a building site, but putting that to one side... This is a building with only 9 floors so you don't ever get far from the busy street and the sound proofing is not good. If, like us you end up on the first floor you need earplugs. And you need to keep the curtains closed because all the passengers on the top deck of the tourist buses can peer right in! The lounge had no natural light anyway - so whatever time of day we had to have all the lights on. The air con units are old fashioned and add to the noise as well. The bathroom is small but functional. And the kitchens and bathrooms are old. Our kitchen had one cup to start with and a number of other things were missing but they were quick to sort things out.So having read the TripAdvisor reviews I was disappointed, and I would not recommend this place - but nor would I put anyone off. I am sure (in fact I know!) there are a lot worse places to stay in New York.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>pembydarabbit
<Content>Great Place! The Best Western Hospitality House is a friendly, casual hotel. Our room had a fold out sofa bed, and 2 bedrooms. The rooms themselves let in hardly any light in the morning and late afternoon, so we always had a light on in the sitting room.The beds are quite comfy. The decor is very old fashioned. The staff are friendly and helpful. Its in a fantastic location, just down the road at the waldorf astoria there is a hop on hop off bus tour, which brings you around downtown NYC. Its a loop, so it starts at times square, ends at Times square. There are 2 gorgeous Italian restaurants on either side of the entrance. Caffe Linda, and San Martin (San Martin Is the best marginally). There are Supermarkets nearby, and plenty of shops.The safe in the room is a bit tricky to use at first, but its easy enough to get the hang of it. You get free Muffins, Danish Pastries, Bread, Cereal Coffee and Tea in the rooms. You also get a small-ish carton of Fruit juice. The fridge is very reasonably sized. One thing is the air conditioning is very old and noisy, and it may keep you up at night if you have it on. Overall this hotel is great!  
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>ingobear
<Content>Ideal location for Familes On 1st inpressions you would not be too impressed with the lay out of the hotel, there is a really small front desk with no area for socialising, but the rooms are huge for New york standard,  very clean. we had a 2 b/room suite and found it to be an ideal base for our visit. it's in a great location and within walking distances to many attractions. you are only around the corner from the waldorf  Marriott hotels and these we found were lovely to go and have a few drinks people watching, as I was saying there are no facilities to have a tea or coffee in the reception area in this establishment. There is an italian resturant next door to it, but this is exspensive and the food was only Okay and not good value for money. much better places to eat..The breakfast they delivered to the rooms were lovely and if there is anything that you want more of, there only too happy to supply you with more.  just one down fall on the place is that this is a non smoking hotel, bit of a pain when you have to keep going up and down the lift every time. Not sure if I would return to this place as I would like some where in the evening to go to and just relax and have a drink or two  
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	3	2	4	

<Author>ld
<Content>Make like a new yorker at this Bestest western With three *ahem-something* pals in tow in a town just beginning to heat up for the summer. The BW HH came up trumps with a bargain bucket price for a two bed apartment in the heart of mid-town. Fifty quid a night per person was the main reason we chose this place and I would have been happy to pay a fair bit more by the time we left. The apartment was near faultless, with the only real issue the continuous NY traffic noise. Be warned light sleepers WILL need earplugs and if you don't take them it WILL ruin your stay. Breakfast in-house was just generous enough and especially if you don't have the time or inclination to sit in a local diner for an hour. The welcome carton of Ben and Jerry's was a delicious treat after a long flight and the fresh fruit and juice as good as any morning antedote to one to many Martini's. You won't find any bells and whistles at this place, but the rather small dour reception, pokey lift and tiny hallways hide the real gems which are the apartments themselves. Having stayed at two other NYC hotels and two other aparthotels. This beat all four for space and all but the Algonquin for location. You can tell it was an old residential block as no space is wasted on swanky marble floors and bejewelled doormen. The staff were incredibly polite and helpful though and best of all inobtrusive. Only a few words to add on the locality, the italian restaurant next to the hotel (not cafe Linda or the pizza place, but the next one) was a good enough place to down a jet-lag beer and bowl of pasta and the staff were lovely too. Cheap, cheerful, cold beer, hot pasta, nothing fancy would be my best description of the place - oh and the biggest flower arrangement I have ever seen. Back to the hotel though, in summary, just book it, get out and about in this fantastic city and enjoy the bonus of not sleeping in a rabbit hutch. I'd be amazed if anyone regretted a stay here (ok anyone other that those that want five stars - if you do then start saving for 1000 bucks a night and stay elsewhere)  
<Date>Jun 29, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>nancyandlucky
<Content>Huge room We could not believe our good luck at finding all this space in a NYC hotel. The hotel room was huge and the breakfast food ample. We had four beds for four people. Even better was the attitude of the staff- store our luggage? No problem. When I told them that we were coming from all over and wanted to put all the names on the reservation so anyone could check in- Not a problem. And, when my plane was delayed and I asked them to pass on a message- they did it right away. It is walking distance to everything. It is clean. It is not fancy. nancy j  
<Date>Jun 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ChunkyMunky
<Content>Good Location Stayed at the BW 2nd June for 3 nights. Myself,wifeand Daughter. We had a one bedroom apartment with a sofa bed in the Living area. Generous size bedroom with a good size living area and kitchen. Free continental breakfast provided included fruit, bagels, muffins, cereals, juice, milk and coffee,with bread for toast. This was replenished everyday by the maid.Staff were friendly and helpful and maids were efficient. The apartments are reasonably clean,double bed was comfortable but the sofa bed had some springs nearly coming through the matress so my daughter had to sleep on the sofa while we were there.Bathroom was adequate, plenty of towels and toiletries.The location of these apartments is really good, 2 blocks from the subway one way and 4 blocks to Grand Central the other, 10 mins walk Times square. Check in was easy as was check out. Our room was right next to the elevator but it was never heard. The only negative things about the apartment were, the air con was quite noisy, the mentioned sofa matress, shower head was coming off the wall and the room decoration is getting a bit shabby. Overall for the rate we paid and the location this is a good accomodation for a short stay of 3 nights. There is a restaurant either side of the property where we had a meal which was reasonably priced for New York and the food was good but there are lots of eating places nearby for a quick sandwich and cofee. We bought a New York 3 day pass which gets you into loads of attractions free as well as giving you discounts at certain eating places like Planet Hollywood, well worth the money. I would consider staying at these apartments again if I returned to New York for a short trip.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	4	3	5	5	3	

<Author>kbarrasso
<Content>Great hotel! We could not have asked for more, the hotel room was more like a mini apartment! Lots of room, new furniture, very clean, nice hotel staff and my husband loved the fact that the kitchen was stocked with breakfast items. I would recommend this to anyone. You are still in the heart of New York city and walking distance to anywhere and if you ahve to take a cab to Times Square it's $5.00! We will be staying here again!  
<Date>May 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Leistoner
<Content>Couldn't have asked for more! This being our first time in NYC we relied soley on your website to help make a decision on a hotel. We were NOT disappointed!!! This hotel is AMAZING!!! It is quiet, clean, very friendly and professional staff (at all levels!!!!), huge rooms (former apartment building) with very generous breakfast foods. Honestly, I can not think of one thing we were disappointed about other than we should have stayed MUCH longer! I am now traveling to NYC more for work and I will be using this hotel as much as possible. Also, you have to understand that this hotel is in a great location! We walked to 5th Ave, The Rockafella Centre, Central Park - you will NOT be unhappy!!! I feel bad that I've waited this long to take the time to write this review. Should your travels find you in NY plan to stay at this best kept secret!! I've since stayed at The Hudson - NEVER AGAIN! Then I recently stayed at The Empire - this was OK but ridiculously tiny rooms and pathetic bathrooms. In both instances I would much rather have been at this BW Hospitality House!!!!  
<Date>May 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bonnar
<Content>Great space for 5 People sharing I meant to write this on our return from New York, sorry! I booked Hospitality House after reading Trip Advisor reviews. There were five family members in total 4 female and 1 male. Hospitality house was an apartment block in another life, and therefore the rooms were much more spacious than we expected. There was traffic noise (we were pre- warned but it was still a bit of a shock if you haven't been to New York before). We had a 2 bedroomed suite - 1 VERY large queen size bed, 2 large single beds in the second bedroom and a (double bed width) bed settee in the lounge area. The only negative was that there was only one bathroom and with 5 sharing, we had to wait our turn. The rate included a complimentary breakfast which was more than adequate and it was great to relax over breakfast in the privacy of the suite. Great place for a family group who don't mind sharing.  
<Date>May 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	2	3	-1	

<Author>OntarioGirlsOnTheGo
<Content>Perfect Weekend Just returned today from a great 4 day weekend in NYC with my 4 daughters (13, 18, 18, 20). The BestWestern Hospitality House was a perfect place to stay.... great friendly and accomodating staff who booked transportation etc. for us....lots of space in the 2 bedroom apartment, very clean, fresh fruit, pastries, bagels, juice, cereal, milk, coffee and tea replenished each day right to our kitchen! Ideal for families as parent(s) can get up early and enjoy coffee, breakfast and newspaper in the living room while allowing teens to sleep in without disturbing them. Hotel in ideal location....we were within easy walking of Rockefeller Centre, Broadway, Fifth Ave., Central Park......subway just around the corner at Lexington and 51st so easy access to all other areas. Completely safe area with restaurants right outside the door, banking, shops, etc.Highly Recommend it!!!! 5+  
<Date>May 11, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Vic-anne
<Content>Spacious, clean and welcoming       visit the Yankees if you can!  
<Date>May 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bev11
<Content>Definitely recommended Very clean, spacious apartment in a good location. We were able to book direct with hotel website and take advantage of their seniors rate as one of our party was over 60. Breakfast was really convenient for us and I'm now missing the bagels. Staff were always very nice.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MarieLF
<Content>Great for families Booked this hotel having seen good ratings for it on Trip Advisor. It seemed reasonably priced for such positive reviews and an ideal option for a family with children. When we arrived we found all our expectations were met.The suite we had comprised of a large living room with double sofa bed, galley kitchen, double bedroom, twin bedroom and bathroom. With televisions in each of the rooms my two daughters (12 and 14) were happy to relax in their room at the end of the day, or to join the three grown ups depending on their inclination. Internet access was a further bonus for our laptop.All the facilities were clean and comfortable.Our room was on the ninth floor which minimised noise from the street, although I doubt anywhere in Manhattan offers a quiet night. Breakfast is supplied and we had no problems getting extra supplies on request. There was a handy Italian restaurant next door (Caffe Linda) which served us one of the best meals we had during our trip.Location is fantastic, within walking distance of Radio City and NBC, Time Square, Grand Central Station, Rockefeller Centre and St Patrick's Cathedral. Bus tours departs at the top of the block offering a convenient start for sightseeing. We would definitely stay here again next visit.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>DublinFamilytime
<Content>Would Stay Again? Absolutely First let me start by saying to anyone looking for a great room, staff, location, and fun this is your dream vacation spot. I've travel mostly every where in the United States and never found the family like world that this hotel has for its guest and staff. My family felt like we had family members we never knew about. I hope I get all the names right the hotel manager and assist were great I think their names were Denise and Ammar. Never saw Denise much but Ammar was very helpful telling us everything about NYC and what to do and not to do. He very well knows his stuff. Also Eddy never talked much but still helpful. My son talked with Issac at night because of the time difference he was never tried. Can鈥檛 forget Michael very nice helped with luggage when we arrived he held it for us we got in early. He took it up to the room and helped us with it upon check out. The housekeeping girls were very friendly. The cleanliness of the room was ok despite a little dirt here and there which we possible made but overall the room was very nice and relaxed like home. Location was great we got a chance to see everything in just one week. It was the first time for the family in NYC we are looking to come back in 2009. Can鈥檛 wait the kids have already started packing a year in advance LOL!!!!!  
<Date>Apr 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>seventh
<Content>No regrets, we'll be back We booked our trip from a french Internet agency (Directour), for a family of four (parents + two children of 8 and 12). We chosed a two room appartement, with a main room for the parents and a living room with couch for the children.The pros : place (49th street east) unbeatable, space (very wide for New York), staff (friendly, willing to help, great), breakfast include, kitchen (a real one, not a kitchenette) allowing you to cook anytime, close to any shops (for food)The cons : noisy at night due to the A/C on the roof of a nearby building and a poor isolation of the windows.All in all : we'll definitely chose the same for a trip to come.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>minke9
<Content>home away from home       galley kitchen, clean w handy large fridge  
<Date>Mar 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>downland
<Content>As advertised This a relatively small apartment block. Furnishings and fittings are ok if a bit dated, double glazing would be an advantage. Kitchen well stocked, breakfast items included.Staff welcoming and keen to assist.Good location. Overall good value for money.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	5	4	3	

<Author>DJMON
<Content>Excellent Got a 2 bedroom apartment for 4 people close to everything for a small amount of money compared to other places so cant complain. This place was great, it was much bigger than anyone of us taught it would be and the fresh bagels and juice each day sure was appreciated. Would definately recommend this place to anybody coming over in a group looking to have a bit of craic in New York. Definately use this place again!!!  
<Date>Feb 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>kiwifamily2a2c
<Content>Great times, great place We booked two x 2 bedroom apartments for a week at the end of September 2005. We found this place to be spacious, clean  tidy and had a nice feel to it for families. It was central for sightseeing and we found the staff extremely helpful. We had spent a couple of nights at the Woogo Apartments in Times Square (due to arriving 2 nights earlier than anticipated and Best Western couldn't accomodate us early) and this place was a pleasant relief in comparison.I would definitely come back here and recommend you consider it when looking for value for money family accommodation in a central location.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>jabbawocky
<Content>Excellent family accomodation in a great position! This was my second stay here but first with the whole family(5 of us) so booked the 2 bedroom apartment whereas last time stayed in the 1 bedroom. It was great to have plenty of space and we really utilised the kitchen at breakfast time- the breakfast provisions supplied were ample for my hungry teenagers. Denise and her staff,particularly Dion, where always extremely helpful and very pleasant. We were street side this time at the front of the building and I found it quite a bit nosier than the back side I was on last time which faces a carpark. It is New York after all and we got use to the noise but did use earplugs New Years Eve. We managed with 1 bathroom with a couple of my kids showering in the evening.The apartment was spotless, well serviced and with only minor qliches( 2 remotes not working -there are 3 tvs) I would not hestitate to recommend it as well priced, spacious accommodation.(the king size bed in the main bedroom was extremely comfortable)Position wise we were very centrally based in Midtown East and although we utilised weekly subway passes (2 stations close by)we still walked up to 5th Avenue and Times Square on many days(10min). I really liked being close to Grand Central where we ate, went to bars and picked up take away food a few times.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	1	

<Author>lovemyholidays1
<Content>Great Location 47th Street nr Lexington Avenue Hospitality House is a small block of apartments. We rented out a two bedroom apartment on the 4th floor, easy access by lift and stairs. The kitchen had fridge, microwave, cooker, all utensils, not that we cooked. We had bread, cakes, butter, jam, milk, coffee, tea etc left for us each day, if you needed extra they were happy to top up. All this was included in the price of the room. The lounge, and two bedrooms were large and the beds were very comfortable. The only glitch were the bathrooms which although clean were original 1920/30's and looked shabby but worked all the same. This is a great location about a 10 minute walk up to Saks and Rockerfeller Centre. There are two restuarants at the base of the apartments both Italian and we had nice meals in both. The staff at reception were very helpful and friendly. I can highly recommend this building for both price and comfort. Last time I stayed in NY I stayed at the Marquis at Time Square, although a nice enough hotel waiting for a lift took for ever and Time Square is not the best place to stay. This new location was much nicer and quieter. We managed to walk everywhere to all the sites and preferred The top of the Rock viewing platform rather than The Empire State Building although both should be visited. All in all a lovely time was had.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>supelk
<Content>Thanksgiving in NYC This is the perfect place to stay in New York city. Close to the subway, just a couple blocks from Rockefeller Plaza. The staff was very helpful. However, the room and the price are what makes it great. We had a one bedroom, with a nice bathroom and a large living room with a sleeper couch, and a galley type kitchen. The room was spotless and very quiet. The breakfast is great as well, bagels, muffins, fruit, juice, milk etc. A great value for the money. The evelator and lobby are small but who cares, everything else was perfect. When we come back to NYC this is where we will stay.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SojoBama
<Content>Totally Satisfied       LR  
<Date>Dec 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>TwoCruisenuts
<Content>I gotta give BWHH a mixed review.       The front door of BWHH with a restaurant on 1 side and pizza to go on the other.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	3	2	-1	

<Author>claredes
<Content>Excellent location We stayed at the BWHH in april 2005 - a family of two adults and two kids, then aged 13 and 10. We arrived early but the check in staff couldn't have been more helpful in stowing our luggage so that we could get out and about. The location is brilliant - right in mid-town and that makes it really easy to get around, on foot, on the bus or on the subway. One minor niggle is that they didn't give us enough sheets (didn't seem to understand that we needed to use the sofa bed) but it was hardly a problem. Breakfast was delivered every day and the accommodation was much bigger than you would get in the average hotel room. We would definitely stay there again!  
<Date>Nov 5, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>xLeahBx
<Content>Fanatstic. We stayed at the best western for 6 nights. It was great, it was clean, spacious and a great location 49th and Lexington. There is a subway nearby and a superb little takeaway pizza place right next door their cheese ravioli is to die for.The fresh pastries and bagels provided each morning were delicious.The best western is a great location to get anywhere. Taxis are easy to flag down and the subway is regular and cheap too although we walked almost everywhere.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>suzpowers
<Content>we LOVED it there... We stayed at the BWHH in November 2006 for 4 nights.What a fantastic place !...the lobby is small but the staff really friendly...nothing too much trouble for them.We were a party of 3 adults staying in a 2 bed apartment with a huge sofa bed in the living area.It was just like staying in a residential appartment...we really felt like proper New Yorkers!! The apartment was huge ,nicely decorated and really clean....AND we had the added bonus of bagels and OJ every morning ( none of the budget hotels in NY seemed to offer breakfast).The hotel is within walking distance of many attractions .... 5th avenue and the Rockefella centre,Grand Central Terminal,Central Park,Empire State Building etc.We cannot recommend it highly enough and definatly want to stay there again.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>xmike151x
<Content>The Best value for money in Manhattan! Myself my wife, and two of our friends stayed at Best Western for 6 nights and can not speak highly enough about it! As soon as we walked in the doors the guy behind reception said you must be the (insert surname here) party, welcome to Best Western!. From there on in it was a great stay. As others have already said, its like having your own place in NYC with with a reception area at the bottom! Bags of room. Very clean. Breakfast muffins, bread, jam, pastries, milk etc is perfect for a quick breakfast before you hit those busy streets. The bathroom was clean and vast array of toiletries refreshed every day, made us wish we have lugged our own over from the UK. Little Pizza place just outside on the right is cool for a quick bite. 10 Mins walk away from everything. Staff were all amazing, really exceeded our expectations. We will definatley be back!  
<Date>Oct 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>NewEnglandTraveler99
<Content>Great Apartment Suites, Staff could be nicer We stayed at The Hospitality House recently. The room we had was a one-bedroom suite. It's really an apartment, with much of the comforts of home (kitchen, Living and Dining area, Bedroom, Bath.) We loved the rooms - they were the reason we booked our stay here.  Pros:Rooms: Very spacious - even for a NY apartment they're a good size. The decor was nice - hardwood floors, good lighting, comfy furniture and bed. This is the #1 reason to stay here. You really feel like you're at home during your stay. The kitchen has a ful-size fridge, microwave, oven, stove, pots, pans, dishes. The first night we walked a few blocks to a great grocery store and stocked our fridge.Living Room has a Couch/Sofa Bed, Large TV, business desk, comfy ottoman, drawers for clothes or what-not.. and on the side is a very good size dining table and chairs.Bathroom had plenty of towels, standard amenities such as hair dryer, soaps  shampoos.Bedroom has a small TV, ample closet space, in-room safe. Location:Walking distance to many great attractions: Rockefeller Plaza, St. Patrick's Cathedral, Times Square....Continental Breakfast: Plentiful, and restocked dailyGood, safe neighborhood.Nice dining options nearby.  ConsStaff issuesSome of the staff during our stay could have been nicer or friendlier. Without going into too much detail, there were 9 or 10 different occasions when staff was rude or impatient. The hotel should look into some sort of training for this. I realize this in New York, but when carrying the Best Western name, the attitude should stay in check.Room not readyOne of the rooms was not ready until almost 4:00 pm, even though arrival time was communicated by staff as 3:00. InternetThe internet was inoperable during 80% of our stay there - although this wasnt really communicated to staff. Thus I spent hours attempting to hook up, with the aid of an increasingly-impatient front desk staff member. I incurred the expense of ordering internet services elsewhere.ElevatorThe elevator is not only incredibly small, but the entryway is extremely narrow. If using a wheelchair, it is an extremely tight fit getting through.Recommendations for transportation:Were limited to car services with which the hotel has a commisionary relationship, which could be standard operating procedure for hotels -who knows. Best to bring a good travel book with you.All in all though, I'd recommend this hotel for it's wonderful rooms. Possibly we came during a bad time for some of the staff. We'd surely stay here again when in NYC.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2007
<Rating>3	5	5	5	4	2	2	1	

<Author>nikki156
<Content>Great place to stay! We returned yesterday from a fabulous trip to The Big Apple!! Four of us stayed in the BWHH and shared a 1 bedroom apartment. We had a main bedroom as well as a queen size sofa bed in the living room. The apartment was very clean and quite spacious compared to other NYC hotels.Breakfast was left in the kitchen on a daily basis consisting of fresh bread, bagels, muffins, cereals, milk, Tropicana juice and danish pastries. This was perfect as we could see to ourselves at a time that suited us. The hotel was a 10-15 minute stroll to Times Square, although we found so many other things to look at along the way that it was more like 20 minutes!! As others have said this hotel is in a great location for all midtown attractions and the subway was only 2 blocks away to get you to other areas. Reception could have been a little friendlier and although they were not rude, they were just not particularly chatty. I would definately recommend this place for the excellent rates that you can find on Best Westerns website and would be happy to stay here again!*** My husband and sister both recommended the pizza place next door, for a snack to bring back in to the hotel!  
<Date>Sep 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	3	3	4	

<Author>jaskev
<Content>Very clean, basic accomodations in a great part of town We booked this hotel based on the great review on Tripadvisor and we were not disappointed. It is the perfect hotel if you are planning on spending your days in NYC and not in your room. There are no real amenities, i.e. pool, restaurant, etc. It is a converted apt building and it looks like one. But on the upside, you have an apartment-style accomodations meaning kitchen, living room, etc. Pros: The front desk staff could not have been nicer and more accommodating. From holding our luggage to giving directions they were friendly and efficient.The location is excellent. The subway is a few blocks away which will take you right downtown in under 15 minutes. 5th Avenue is a few blocks away as is Broadway and Times Square. Easy walking distance to all the midtown attractions.The breakfast they provide in your room is a great bonus. Ideal to start your day at your own pace. There's cereal (hot and cold), coffee, hot chocolate, Tropicana juices, cream cheese, bagels, bread, muffins and danish. The hotel is spotlessly clean in every respect.Very, very comfortable beds. Quiet rooms with little to no street noise.Cons:There is no luxury here beyond the fact that the rooms and bathrooms are quite spacious. It is basic accommodations but very comfortable. I guess this isn't really a negative, is it? Just don't expect a plush lobby (there is no lobby!).If you're claustrophobic, the elevator may be an problem. It's very small and there's only one but we never had to wait more than a minute for it to come.All in all. I would stay here again. Great value for the price.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>TVPhotog
<Content>Good Family Place Great place to stay with a family...Denise the manager is really great to work with.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tennisgirlneworleans
<Content>Hidden Gem in New York Sometimes rare for New York, the staff here is amazing. As you might expect or at least hope for, the service starts at the top. Denice, the manager for this gem, greeted us upon arrival and made sure that everything we wanted or needed was available. Her management skills were apparent througout our stay. Clean, large rooms are well appointed. If you have any special needs or requests, be sure and let the staff know. They are friendly, well informed and really are EAGER to help. Convenient to all the major attactions in the city and close to the subway. Service here is comparable to 5 star hotels at much lower rates! I have a new home in New York and I'll definately be back.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Truthful_Travelers
<Content>Great Location, but had a few issues Our family of 4 just returned from a four night stay at this Manhattan hotel. Having read many of the reviews on this site, we decided that it would be a great accommodation choice. While most of what we read proved to be true, we encountered a few problems over the course of our stay. This hotel definitely has both pros and cons. Pros:-Location is excellent. You can easily walk to many destinations including 5th ave. shopping, Rockefeller Center, Times Square, theaters, and countless restaurants.-Rooms are exceptionally large, especially when compared to an average New York hotel room. Our room had high ceilings, original hard wood floors, kitchen, etc.-Relatively quiet at night. We generally could not hear the noisy streets.-Reasonable price.Cons:-Could be cleaner. Overall our room was very dusty. The counter top and the fridge handle were sticky. Having read how clean this hotel is, we were not impressed with the state of our room.-Extremely small elevator. We could barely fit all 4 of us in with our luggage. The lobby was also tiny.-Confusion regarding the reception desk staff and our room safe. The safe required a Master Key to activate. We were given the wrong master key 3 times. Each time we called down to inquire as to why the key didn't work, we were instructed to go down to the lobby to be given another key. The key that eventually worked was labeled for room 4D, although we were in a completely different room and on an entirely different floor.-The first morning of our stay, we went to pull our kitchen table away from the wall so we could all sit down and have breakfast. As soon as we lifted the table, one of the legs completely fell off onto the floor. We were left holding up a 3 legged table while trying to reattach the broken leg. -The sofa bed was one of the most uncomfortable we have ever encountered. The pillows were small and unusually lumpy. In conclusion, the location and size of the rooms outweighed most of these issues. For the amount of time we spent at the hotel, this accommodation was adequate. We would recommend the Affinia 50 hotel as an alternate choice, as we stayed there on our last trip and had no complaints. We constantly found ourselves comparing the Best Western and the Affinia 50, and as a result were somewhat disappointed.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	5	2	3	3	3	

<Author>Library_Girl
<Content>Quiet Suite hotel - good for large groups A group of five girls + teenage son (ha!) stayed in this hotel in December last year. Its located in between Third and Lexington on 47th. Good location in Midtown but my personal preference would have been to have been a bit further West - around Fifth Ave. or Sixth. The hotel is quite near Grand Central and has a subway station two blocks away. [Get your 7 day unlimited $24 metro tickets here.] Its clean and really spacious - five girls, one boy and lots of shopping fit well into their 2 bedroom suite. The rooms did used to be private apartments and this is reflected in the design. The hotel provide cereal, muffins, milk, orange juice, etc... which is left in the fridge in the small kitchen each morning. There is a little bit of noise from the traffic outside but to be honest .. not enough to bother. The room was also really clean and the cleaners did a super job each day. There is a pizza place right next door which is handy.We got the best rate from the Best Western site of $349 USD p/night for the two bedroom suite which worked out really well between five of us. I would prefer to stay in the Doubletree Suites Times Square but this has gotten really expensive. Overall a good hotel in an ok location. Would go back if I got another good deal.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	3	4	3	3	2	

<Author>Paxi
<Content>Love the Hospitality We stay at the Hospitality everytime that we are in NYC. I have friends that fly into NY the same time next year every year at Christmas time. There are up to 10 of us at a time. We usually will book several 2 bedroom suites. We have never had a bad experience here. The staff is very nice, friendly and very accommodating.The rooms are comfortable, tastefully decorated and very clean. They are like apartments. There is a kitchen in every room with a refridgerator, coffee maker, microwave, and stove. The hotel supplies cereal, english muffins, fresh fruit ,coffee and juice in your room's kitchen so that it is available when ever you are ready for it.The location is central and there is a bus stop and a subway station nearby. It is within walking distance of St. Patrick's Cathedral and Time Square.We feel that the value for the money is worthwhile and that the rooms are spacious so you aren't running into one another. We will continue to stay here year after year.Enjoy!  
<Date>Jul 29, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>TWS500
<Content>Excellent Hotel Spacous rooms, excellent location, clean, good value.....I highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>coolwoman
<Content>Just like home I was in charge of finding good accomodation in NYC for five of us. After narrowing my list to five possibilities ,we all voted on our first choice. Hospitality house won hands up and I'm not sorry that it did. I'm not into cookie cutter' bland hotels and was a bit afraid this might be one. Not so. Hardwood floors, nice colours, a kitchen with all necessities for preparing simple meals, nice clean bathroom, it all made it feel like home. I couldn't believe how quiet it was; we never heard any noise from the other guests. As women travellers, we also felt very safe both in the hotel and on the streets nearby.This is a GREAT location because it's so central and yet it fit our budget unlike most other hotels in the area. It was a great place to relax after a hectic day . Big living room/Dining room. We were on the 8th floor, and while there is that NYC noise I have to say it never kept me awake....use the air conditioners for white noise, bring ear plugs, and get the higher floors if possible, and you'll be fine. Oh, and the beds were super comfy. P.S. We're so enthusiastic Hoepitality House, that my sister also wrote a review: see the review from turner valley, alberta. I highly recommend this place. It's like having your own NYC apartment.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>green11
<Content>great hotel Five ladies recently stayed 5 nights in a two bedroom apartment at the Best Western Hospitality House. I have nothing but great things to say about it. The best location for getting into the nitty gritty of The Big Apple and felt safe at all times. Like an apartment, not a hotel room at all. So nice to have all the necessities for breakfast provided, so could stay in pj's for breakfast. Front desk staff more then helpful and the housekeeping staff were very accommodating and gave us whatever we needed with extra towels, orange juice. We had asked for a rollaway bed, but never got it, but worked out sleeping arrangements just fine. air conditioning was much appreciated as was hot a few days we were here. A bit noisy, but you are in mid-town Manhattan, but got used to it.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>annaboyd
<Content>great value and comfortable Five of us stayed in the two bedroom apartment in June. Much roomier than I expected so great value compared to other smaller and much more expensive places in NYC. Clean, comfortable and quite stylishly decorated! Would definitely recommend it.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>Nebula
<Content>Fanatastic Hotel! Four adults stayed at this wonderful hotel in May 2007 for almost three weeks. We are from Australia and it was our first visit to New York City. There is not a bad word to say about this fantastic place. We were warmly welcomed by the friendly staff who were all amazingly efficient and helped us with all our requests. Hotel amenities included free net access in our room ( a must for the two tech heads who spent a fair bit of cash in the unbelievably huge electronic store BH ), large bedroom with a very comfortable bed, large living room with sofa bed, a great kitchenette with fridge, microwave, dishwasher, kettle etc and by the way breakfast is supplied everyday! Mmm bagels and cream cheese, we loved it! The bathroom had ample room and included a bathtub! The hotel location in midtown Manhattan is all you could want for a first visit to New York City, walking distance to so many sights and shops, Fifth Ave, Madison Ave shopping, Times Square, Chrysler Building, Empire State Building, Rockefeller Centre to name just a few. Our whole time in New York City was an amazing experience and we are definitely going to visit again. A pocket sized map and guide book called New York Everyman MapGuides was our bible and recommended selected art museums, architecture, buildings, places to eat, bars and shops in each area of Manhattan. The suggested restaurants were invaluable as we ate at many of the suggestions and found the food to be of high standard. A most memorable meal I could not recommend more highly is right next door to the hotel at Caffe Linda.I would thoroughly recommend this hotel to anyone visiting New York City and will stay there again on our next visit to this fabulous city. We love NY!  
<Date>Jun 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bowhunterups
<Content>Awesome hotel/ apartment. Great location If your looking for a hotel with a big grand lobby on an extremely crowded street then the Best Western Hospitality house is not for you. While the lobby of the Best Western hospitality house is very small the rooms are actually full apartments. The apartments are squeaky clean and are tastefully furnished with all of the comforts of home. Breakfasty was left for us every day. The beds are very comfortable. We stayed on the 9th floor at the back of the building and didn't here any of the street noise that some have complained about. The staff was friendly and helpful. We arrived early so they kept our luggage until check-in time so that would could go sight seeing. The staff gave us directions several times, printed our boarding passes for our return home and arranged for our transportation to the airport. The location is excellent. The hotel is on a more quiet side street. Their are plenty or restaurants and a grocery store nearby. Their is a north/ south subway 1 block away and an east/west 2 blocks away.Grand Central stations is 7 blocks away and it has a direct train to times square. The hotel is an easy walk to 5th avenue, the today show, Rockefeller center, central park and times square. We loved this hotel and would not hesitate staying at the Best Western Hospitality house again.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>clements28
<Content>Fantastic!!       master bedroom  
<Date>Jun 11, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>fbcyouth
<Content>Perfect Apartment!!!! Stay Here!       bathroom  
<Date>Jun 8, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sjsandy
<Content>Wow! Perfect apartment for ANYONE! Really loved location, staff, amenities, everything. Celebrated my daughter's 21st there, with the five of them staying in a 2 bedroom, and us in a 1 bedroom. Couldn't have been happier.  
<Date>May 30, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>L_and_L_in_MD
<Content>Loved Manhattan We just returned from staying at the Best Western Hospitality House for four nights. We had a wonderful time. Our stay in the hotel was very comfortable, and the staff was very helpful and friendly. Our room was 7D, on the seventh floor. The building was converted from being an apartment building to being a hotel. The room was essentially a one bedroom apartment. It had a pantry, a living room, a bedroom and one bathroom. The apartment has hardwood floors throughout except for the bathroom, which is tiled. The pantry has a sink, an oven, a microwave, a refrigerator, dishes and silverware in the cupboards, a coffee maker and a toaster. The hotel daily provides a bag of fresh bagels, butter packets and jelly packets, milk, orange juice, a dish of apples and oranges and a variety of small cereal boxes. The spacious living room included a pullout sofa, a TV, and sofa chair. The extended living room has a dinner table and four chairs. The hotel was conveniently located. It is near St. Patrick's Cathedral. We walked to Rockefeller Center and Time Square. The hotel is within walking distance of several restaurants. The hotel was near a bus stop for tour buses. We highly recommend the Hospitality House for its comfort, value, convenience and helpful staff.  
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Cherie818
<Content>Great place to stay in NYC! My family of four stayed in one of their one-bedroom suites last weekend. The hotel is in an excellent location, easy walk to Rockefeller Center, Times Square and Central Park. We had suite 7D, which really didn't have much of a view, but it was in a quiet cornerof the building and we didn't hear much street noise at all. The rooms were clean, the furniture was in good shape, and we really appreciated the continental breakfast left for us. Our only small quibble was we reserved a queen bed and got a full size, but after a long day in NYC, we probably could've slept on a twin size and had a good night's sleep!We'll stay here next time we go to NYC, and will recommend this hotelto our friends. It was a terrific find for the price.  
<Date>May 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>louchie
<Content>Just as good the 2nd time I have just returned from 4 nights staying at the Best Western for the 2nd time, and it was just as good as I remembered. We got a very good deal on the room (booking on the best western website) as one of our party was over 55, we were eligible for the seniors rate which in total (ncluding taxes for 4 nights) we paid $1600, which between 4 of us we found very reasonable.The apartment was massive, as I had been before we asked for a high floor (as previously we had been given 2a and found this a bit noisy as it was on street level at the back of the hotel). We were given 7a, which was much better. We still had the expected noise (sirens, car horns etc) but not the noise of people on the street. So I would definately recommend this. We were always left plenty of towels, the only 2 minor problems we had were firstly one morning we weren't left any cereal or ornage juice. We went down to reception and Omar (the lovely, lovely man on reception) was only too helpful he gave us a choice of cereals (so no arguing) and 2 cartons of orange. The 2nd problem was as we were a family of 4 we left the tip from all of us in 1 room, and the room which hadn't left the money we felt the same care was not taken when making the bed. But both of these issues are extremely minor in the scheme of things but they are the only negative thing I have to say on the hotel.We took our own laptop and reception provided us with a cable to access the internet (again Omar to the rescue, he came up to our room and got our computer and internet working).Lovely resturants nearby .... the San Marino (next door) was always packed and food looked lovely but we didn't make it there with only being there for 4 nights. Best breakfast was at Norma's in Le Parker Meridan hotel, it was all just gorgeous (it was a little more expensive than a diner $20 - $25 each) but well worth it.All the staff were so helpful, friendly and courteous. They even allowed us to use the office to print off our boarding cards and do on-line check-in for our return flight.Omar on reception was like our very own NY angel, any problems we had he fixed them, any questions were answered, he gave us top tips as to where to get the bargains (his top tip of century 21, was fantastic - although it was chaotic and disorganised, like a jumble sale).All in all a wonderful stay, in a wonderful, large apartment with fantastic staf! What more could you ask for?  
<Date>May 5, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>glesgatraveller
<Content>great place I have to agree with all the good reviews this place has had, and wish i stayed here the first time i went to new york, good rooms clean etc,good location and for compliants about noise, it is new york after all, the only negative for this hotel is our room 5c could do with a lick of paint but would definetly stay here again.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	4	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>clairej0
<Content>fantastic! it's taken us a while to write this, because we stayed last year, but it was a fantastic experience. the hotel was great, accomodating all 5 of us, the staff were lovely and having fresh coffee and bagels in the fridge was fab. what you don't realise, is how fantasticly the hotel is positioned. it is vertually next door to the waldorf astoria. 5th avenue is an easy walk, as is the empire state building. the first day we walked to 5th avenue, up to central park, via tiffanys, and the kids didn't moan once! new york is noisy, but it is the most amazing city - the children still rave about it and cannot wait to go back. when we do, we will stay at the best western hospitality house again.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Lewes
<Content>Superb value We have just returned from a 6 night break at this hotel and had a wonderful holiday. We stayed in the Penthouse A, which is well worth the extra cost as it has 2 bathrooms and plenty of space for 4 adults. Many previous reviews have mentioned the traffic noise, New Yorkers certainly like to honk their horns no matter what time of day or night! I would imagine however, this is going to be a problem anywhere in the centre of the city, and the convenience of being able to walk to so many major attractions, I feel, far outweighs this negative. The one real annoyance though was the rather noisy ventilation system in the hotel, and the air conditioning in each room, although efficient, was deafening! I would imagine that on warmer nights it would be impossible to sleep with these working. I would recommend taking ear plugs, I found they worked a treat. Apart from all that, we found the staff to be very helpful, they even allowed us to use their computer to check-in our flight online for our journey home, and looked after our luggage until it was time to leave. The cleaning staff were totally unobtrusive and we returned each night to a lovely clean apartment, beds made, loads of fresh towels and the refrigerator re-stocked for breakfast. Bliss. I would not hesitate in recommending this hotel and certainly intend returning in the future.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bluerose56
<Content>perfect location This hotel had a great location about .3 mile from Rockerfeller center, Radio city, the theater district, Times square, etc. We had aslight problem with our reservation and not getting the room we confirmed. They were gracious enough to give us a $100.00 off the price of the room and then the next day moved us into the room we should have had. The apartment was very spacious, with a full kitchen, continental breakfast items were placed in the kitchen.The noise level was a bit loud from the outside. This hotel is located onEast 49th street. The linen closet was full and everything was neat and clean.The cost was $389.99 per night with our 10% AAA discount. My fiends and I would stay there again.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>MacDonald's
<Content>Family of 5 Loved It !       King Size Bed - Bedroom #1  
<Date>Mar 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>politosteck
<Content>Incredible location should be made into a 5 star! I can't seem to say enough about this place the staff is incredible service is outstanding and the rooms are tremendous! staff member Eddy was extremely helpful and if I wasn't already married I would have kept him for myself he was just that adorable. I would stay at the Best Western Hospitality House for the rest of my life but unfortunately we had to go home but there will definitely be a repeat visit to this wonderful establishment.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Getupandgotoday
<Content>Great for space but noisy We stayed here for 6 nights at the beginning of January 07 and booked an 'apartment' with two bedrooms. There were four of us travelling - my husband, self and two grown up children. There were many positives about this hotel but some negatives as well;PositivesSpace for four adults is brilliant - two large bedrooms, huge living room, kitchen and bathroomBreakfast of cereals, muffins, juice, tea, coffee, fruit supplied every dayA TV in every room so the little time we spent there we did not need to argue about the channelsOne block to subway stationPriceNegativesExtremely noisy in the bedrooms as the twin room suites all overlook 49th Street - ours was only on 4th floor and we were awoken at 7am one day with workmen removing some scaffolding from outside the hotel. Had to resort to earplugs!!! Housekeeping erratic - beds not made one day and we never got the fourth cereal bowl we asked for on the first day.Only ever one receptionist so sometimes the front desk was not manned.Rooms were quite darkOverallWe thoroughly enjoyed our stay in New York but most of the time we were out of the hotel doing the sights. I may consider staying here again if there were 4 of us, but would also consider short let apartments. I think if there was just my husband and self I would choose a different hotel.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>seatrekker
<Content>My very own Manhattan apartment!!!!! My mom and I recently stayed one night here to enjoy New York at Christmas time. We were delighted by the location! It was in walking distance to Rockefeller Center, Radio City Music Hall, and even Broadway if can handle a little more walking. No it doesn't have a grand lobby and a restaurant, but it makes you feel like you have your very own New York City apartment. It had a simple, clean, contemporary feel to it and was very roomy. We were on the 9th floor and yes you can still hear some of the traffic, but if quiet is want you want go stay in the country! The front desk was helpful with suggestions and offered to hold our luggage on the day we checked out so we could go see some more of the sights. I'll admit, we usually stay at 4 star hotels when we visit and I was a little leary at first, but I was definitely impressed. Unless you MUST have a grand entrance, restaurant, concierge ect., this hotel/apartment was great! There are plenty of restaurants nearby. Cafe Lisa is next door and is good for quick, good Italian food. There are a few pubs nearby, and a Mexican restaurant, Dos Caminos, about a block away that looked really cosmopolitan. Unfortunately, we didn't have time to try it.  
<Date>Dec 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>AngellB
<Content>Fantastic Family Hotel in NYC My family of 5 stayed here the weekend of December 14th,2006. We had penthouse 'B', a beautiful room with lots of space and full kitchen. Staff was friendly and very responsive. Location was nearall the best christmas sites. we'll be back for sure. . .  
<Date>Dec 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>Vivi2006
<Content>Great Apartment Hotel! My husband  I stayed at the hotel in December for 5 nights with our two children,(a 3 year old and an infant). We stayed in a 1 bedroom apartment and it was wonderful! At night, we used the roll out sofa in the living room for our toddler. The room was updated and had decent furnishings, some of it modern and some not. It has a kitchen and a seperate bedroom. We have stayed in a regular hotel in NYC before and it was so small and we had no way to properly clean our children's sippy cups and bottles. Our kitchen here came equipped with a dishwasher, which was wonderful.OK, the downside is that there is very little service from the staff. No one helped with our bags when we arrived or when we departed. Sometimes we would call downstairs with a question, and no one would be at the desk to answer the call. The internet was down 2 out of the 5 days. I called ahead to see if we could arrange using the baby crib from them and they informed me it was $20/day. We thought that was too much so we brought our own.This being said, we would definitely stay here again because the rooms are so large and the location is excellent. You are next to the W Hotel and across the street from The Waldorf Astoria. It is perfect for a family. You just need to go into it not expecting a lot of hotel service. It is not that kind of establishment. It is basically an apartment in a great location at an affordable price.  
<Date>Dec 15, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	3	2	2	

<Author>MARCOBARROS
<Content>great location Stay six nights from november 14 to 20. The location is good. My wife loved the fruits they put on the table, last day they forgot.The hall could be better cleaned. After six nights we asked for a late check out for 4 pm and it was not avaiable. I recomend especially if you are with kids or family.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2006
<Rating>4	2	4	4	2	3	3	4	

<Author>wassupmariposa
<Content>Great hotel for family We stayed at this hotel mid November. There was Myself, husband, son  daughter-in-law and 3 grandchildren. The children's ages 6,4, 16 months. It was a two bedroom on the 9th floor. One bedroom had a king bed, the other had 2 twin beds. It also had a queen pull out couch bed. We had more than enough room. If my husband and myself wanted quiet we just went into our room. You can't hear what goes on in the other rooms. It was very nice. Each room had it's own TV. The help was very nice and they cleaned our place everyday. It had a kitchen that they stocked with milk, orange juice, bagels, sugar, cream  coffee.It is located on East 49th st. between 3rd ave and Lexington ave. So you are close to a lot of stuff. Next door there were 3 restaurants. On the corner there was a place to get breakfast if you wanted. All in all it was a great stay and would definately go back. Oh I asked what the difference from our place to the Penthouse, the front desk clerk told me the Penthouse has plasma tv's.Anyway if you have kids or a few friends you are going to New York with the Best Western Hospitality is a good place to stay.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2006
<Rating>3	4	4	4	4	3	3	4	

<Author>Pfss
<Content>Great spacious apartment I stayed at Hospitality House for 4 nights in mid November with my husband and 3 adult children. The space afforded by the apartment was great, but it was al ittle dusty in the corners and a little jaded in places. Housekeeping ok, although a slightly larger sized orange juice would have been nice for the size of our party. The rooms were very well soudproofed from inside, but the road/outside noise was far worse than anything I encountered on previous visits where I stayed in different accommodation. The Marriott hotel Service entrance was directly opposite apartment 3B aqnd the trash was collected in the early hours each night. That aside, I feel the hotel to be good value for the larger group/family and I would recommend if you can cope for a few days with little sleep.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	3	2	3	3	3	

<Author>legit
<Content>Hospitality House pro's outweighd the con's Our stay at this hotel was really mixed. Lots of good things about it and a few annoying things. Over all we would stay again but would go into with our eyes open.I found out about this hotel from the booklet trip advisor put out last summer on NYC. What a great booklet!On the upside, the location was wonderful and the staff was nice and for the most part helpful. The manager was also very friendly and concerned (when a dining room chair collapsed sending me onto my back) The chair was fixed/replaced promptly. Renovations are clearly happening while the place is open. Yet they don鈥檛 seem to be carried out thoroughly. Our bathroom was partially renovated. The vanity in our bathroom was clearly new but was lacking any glass so its shelf could not be used. Chunks of the plastic coating were left on other shelves which made it look old and flaking not new and shiny. Caulking was freshly done from the ceiling to about 3 feet from the tub but the rest of the old grungy caulk was left. The faucet for the tub desperately needs to be replaced or soaked in bleach. Housekeeping seemed to be just as haphazard. I had the same sheets for our entire week stay (one change would have been nice). We always had 5 towels but some days we had 2 washcloths other days we had only had 2 or 3 hand towels. I had to specifically ask that our room be vacuumed and that the vacuuming include the giant dust bunnies under the radiators. We also requested grown-up cereal instead of sweet kids stuff and they were very accommodating.We had a 2 bedroom suite (9A) which was very large and comfortable for the 5 of us. The bedrooms were large, the mattresses comfortable and there was ample closet space. The suite was wonderfully sound proofed. One of us could nap and not hear the others in the living room. That in it self is a huge bonus! We never heard other guests and did not find it terribly noisy either. (staying in a city is not like staying in the country)Having a kitchen was wonderful but it lacked a hot pad and the broiler tray was really dirty. Our one BIG complaint came after we had left and compared our invoice with our quoted amount only to find we had been charged nearly $200 more than we were quoted! (I booked the rooms but did not pay for them). Turns out that the hotel OVERCHARGED for 1 night (they did credit this) and Best Western failed to give us the correct total when they quoted us the total for our stay. They neglected to mention the occupancy charge. This resulted in the rest of the monetary difference. Best Western has (the check came yesterday) refunded this as well but it made for a fair bit of frustration. So, Yes I would stay again, but watch and verify the charges/total on your invoice!  
<Date>Oct 26, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	4	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>Ipito
<Content>Feel like a true New Yorker! Stayed here over extended Columbus Day weekend. The one bedroom/bath was clean and very spacious for 2 adults and 2 pre teens. It was great to come back after much walking and be able to stretch out and recover. Unlike a typical NYC hote room, this place gives you the feel of living like a New Yorker in your own apartment. Yes there is street noise, but we could even hear that atop the Empire State Building. Comeon, its Manhattan! We didn't use the stove at all, but did use the frige and microwave. Having two TV's also helped with recharging the batteries, allowing kids to watch their shows and parents to watch sports/drama. Check the lobby for menus from numerous area restaurants/deli's that will deliver to your door as late as midnight! The location of this hotel is pretty close to Rockefeller Center, but it's not extremenly close to Times Square like a prior review indicated. However, the central location is conducive as a jumping off point for choosing to explore upper, mid or lower Manhattan. Also, the area around this hotel feels safe, even at night, as there are several better known prestigious hotels right around the corner. So don't be misled by the name which might imply to some a lower end motel chain. Although the lobby area is not dramatic or stunning, the room will knock your socks off.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>rach_g
<Content>Great location Just got back from New York and was very impressed with this accomodation. Stayed in a spacious and clean two bed apt. Bagels and OJ left in room for breakfast every morning. Perfect for self catering. It felt more like a residential apt than a hotel. Great location, within walking distance to Times Square and Central Park (although wear comfy shoes!). It was my second time in NY and next time I'm back I will definitely try and stay here again or somewhere similar.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Tchochtke
<Content>Like An Apartment in Midtown, Without the High Cost I booked this hotel based on the large number of positive reviews that the space received from TripAdvisor. The reviews did not steer us wrong. First the location: it was perfect. Right on E. 49th and Lexington, it was about 12 blocks from Times Square, 6 from the Museum of Modern Art, about 12 from the start of Central Park, 7 blocks from Grand Central Station, and 2 blocks away from the 6 subway train that would take you up and down Manhattan. Because it was out of Times Square, you didn't get the crazy neon-tattooed retinas that I would imagine staying around there would give you. As well, there were a few restaurants in the area that were low-key and good for a quick bite (and didn't cost a million dollars). Second: the space itself. It was gorgeous and spacious. The place is an older building, original hardwood floors and tiles, newly renowed kitchens, and was very clean. I read one review here that complained of the cleanliness - I really don't know if they were reviewing the same hotel! It was very clean, lots of towels for the bathroom, etc. Sure, the hardwood was a little grungy - but it was original!! It was awesome, huge, and we could have slept another 2 or 3 people in the one bedroom apartment. Third: The kitchen: Fully equipped is right - full stove, microwave, fridge, dishwasher, and breakfast is provided. So that was one meal we didn't have to spend our money on, and we could start out early, take a piece of fruit and a bagel with us for the road, which gave us enough time to go and find some awesome Vietnamese food further south.Fourth: The staff: Amazingly helpful. When I originally booked, we could only get a block of three nights, and we needed a fourth night as well, so had to book a more expensive space for the last night. We asked if there was anything that we could do to get a similar room to the one we had - sure enough, they put us in a room that they had recently renovated, which smelled a little paint-y, but they gave us a discounted rate on top of that. So it really worked to our advantage, and they made sure our stay was comfortable and the transition between these two spaces was seamless. We had a fabulous time in NYC, and I think a large part of that was having a wonderful space to relax in when we weren't walking around the city taking in the sights. I would recommend this hotel/ apartment to anyone looking for great, inexpensive spot to stay in the middle of Manhattan. I would also recommend this space to anyone with food allergies (you can cook your own food!) or with families, as the space is much like an apartment. The one thing that I had read in other reviews that confused me was a complaint of noise in the hotel. Yes, you could hear honking and sirens. But it is New York City!!! From what I gathered, you live in Manhattan, you get noise. If there are other spots in midtown Manhattan that are quiet, other than Central Park at night (ugh!), I'd love to know about them. But considering the location, the noise level was acceptable (remarkably quiet) and didn't affect our stay in the least.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>altikkun
<Content>great family hotel, great location but with an unwanted guest for our stay in NYC in the second mid of august 2006, we choose this hotel because of its facilities (a fully equipped AND CLEAN kitchen is not so common) and its location (rockfeller center and 5th ave are just five minutes within walking distance). the price is quite high, but it's worth the expense.we booked the penthouse b, the biggest room (or better, apartment) of the complex. room service always perfect and punctual. talking about bad things, everyone knows that the big apple is the never-sleeping city: noise 24/24, 7/7. so be aware, bring with you GOOD earplugs!  
<Date>Oct 4, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>nocturnalgirl72
<Content>Great value and location 4 adults just stayed here Sept 22-26. This is a small hotel, apartment style, 36 rooms. We had a large 2 bedroom 1 bath apartment booked for $350/night. Room was clean, well furnished, hard wood floors and a fully stocked kitchen, A/C.Typical NYC though, it is noisy and bathrooms are small. Front desk staff on all days was very helpful and friendly and they split the bill up 4 ways so that we all can give our own method of payment. Apart from a couple small nuisances like the remotes not working, toilet you had to hold the handle down, wierd maintenance man (I think he used our bathroom when he was in there-GROSS), this hotel is a excellent value for the money as comparable 2 bedroom hotels would have been 500+ a night. It only has 36 rooms so it sells out fast. The location cannot be beat. Right in the heart of manhattan. You are right next to the W hotel and a really cool bar called the Whiskey Blue. Next door is the Waldorf Astoria. Rockerfeller Center, 5th ave shops, and beautiful St Patricks Cathedral are only a few minutes walk. The closest subway station is only a minutes walk at 51st and Lexington. Nice cafe downthe steet called Cafe Metro. A little pricey but food is good especially for a good hot breakfast. All 4 of us liked this hotel and we would stay here again in a heartbeat.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>KrisInArizona
<Content>Apartment-like room was stylish, big, and in a great location We just got back from our first trip to NYC,, had a terrific time. It was me, my friend, my sister, and her husband. This hotel suited us 4 perfect without making it too cramped. The hotel is alot nicer than the picture paints it, in fact, it's pretty hidden, sharing a wall with a couple of restaraunts. Once you get inside, the lobby is very small, but there is a desk and a clerk, and an elevator to take you up to your room. Our room had 2 bedrooms, one good sized bathroom, a living area completely furnished, 3 color TVs total,a phone, and an all white kitchen equipped with coffee maker, fridge and dishwasher. Maid service came everyday around 11, always restocked the fridge with english muffins, bagels, coffee packets, milk and juice. Also, our hotel room had wood floors and a nice color scheme throughout, very nice and clean. Only complaint is the noise,,, this is NYC. Lots of traffic, horns honking, sirens, etc so bring ear plugs for when youre trying to sleep. The location is excellent-right in Mid-town Manhattan and only a two minute walk to the Lexington and 51st St Subway station. Lots of coffee shops, stores, Starbucks, cafe's about a stone's throw away.Endless excitement and ambiance of NYC everywhere. I would recommend checking out the cool Whiskey Blue bar, at the W hotel, right around the corner. Good music, nice elite crowd and lots of business travelers. Pizza joint attached to this hotel had good cheap pizza. If youve never been to NYC, you will love this hotel and love the area. Hotel is recommended highly if youre traveling in a group or with teenage kids and need extra room. This place is not cheap but you can comfortably fit 4 or 5 adults in an apartment and split the cost-another good thing about this hotel. We plan to stay here again but I'm told you need to book way in advance.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>maisiex
<Content>FANTASTIC In November 2003, a party of five females visited the Big Apple to celebrate of 65th Birthday. Three of us had never been to New York and obviously not knowing what to expect.Accommodation wise, we had heard many reports about great deals elsewhere,but rooms too small, dirty at times, and generally a disappointment.In all honesty, we think this hotel is a secret discovery. The five of us were very comfortable in one of the 2 bedroom apartments. Yes, I agree with other reviews, in that the outside of the building is not much to look at, the lobby is small, but the apartments are fanastic. Also, the traffic, could be noisy at times, but not overly annoying - you are in Midtown Manhattan, so it's part of the City's CultureThe accomodation was spacious, bright and airy, and offered all the basic home comforts. We certainly enjoyed our stay there, while soaking up the City atmosphere. So much so, that we returned in November 2005 and have re-booked for this November, 2006.It was great to return to our 'own' New York City Apartment after our hard days shopping and sight seeing. It added to the freedom of our BIG APPLE stay, and on a more humerous note, made us feel as though we were in an episode of FRIENDS!It has suited us perfectly on two occasions, it is definitely value for money and I would not hesitate to recommend it.The Murray Party  
<Date>Aug 31, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>ZepperDude
<Content>"We are not staying here!" Was to check into this hotel August 13th. Showed up, dropped my wife and kid off with the luggage while I went to park the car. Got a call on my cell walking back saying We are not staying here!. Got to the hotel - lobby looked like they rented by the minute. Went up to the room, it was disgusting. There was shredded toilet paper all over the floor, someone's feces in the toilet, walls dirty and dented, etc ... Wish I had unpacked the camera to take pictures. Went down and told the guy at the front desk we were leaving. Ended up staying at the Marriot around the corner. I will review that one later.Only stay here if square footage/dollar is your only concern, otherwise there are a lot better options.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	1	2	-1	

<Author>Ancientandloyal
<Content>Best Western, best choice! Our family of four stayed 4 nights at this accomodation and even though we had read previous reviews we were still amazed by the size and quality of the apartment. Everything we could have asked for and a location that was so convenient. It is not 5 star luxury but we would recommend this hotel to anyone wanting value for money and a great base for visiting the sights of New York. Staff were couteous and efficient at all times.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>daley7264
<Content>Great everything We stayed at this hotel the first weekend in Aug. and enjoyed it very much. This is not a luxury Hotel, it's more like your apartment in NYC. We had a 2 bedroom apt. on the 6th floor. Very clean and lots of room. It felt very much like home. The beds were fine, the bathroom was large and the living room was very comfortable. The location was excellent, very convienent to most midtown attractions and a short cab ride to everything else. I have no complaints about this place and would recommend it to anyone. I read a few reviews from people that were complaining of the city noise. If you don't want city noise, stay out of the city. Your going to get that at any hotel in the city, duh!!! All in all it was a great place for a very reasonable price for 4 people in NYC.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Spamstan
<Content>Good Family Hotel with a Good Location 6 of us (family of 4, two friends) were heading to NYC for a week. We knew we needed more than a regular hotel room. After looking at rental apartments we happened on the Best Western. We're glad we did. As a converted apartment complex the rooms were plenty big. Kitchen was adequate, and complimentary continental breakfast was a bonus. The place is clean. Price-wise it's cheaper than an apartment, and on par with higher end hotels (where you get a smaller room).Location is good - 2 blocks from the subway, easy enough to get a cab on Lexington or 3rd. It's a nice, though somewhat long, walk to Central Park and Times Square. There's a great little grocery store just down E 49th on 2nd. The pizza place next door is super for a quick slice.Only downside is that there is generally only 1 person working the lobby at any time so service can be slow. It took an hour and 3 phone calls to get a roll away bed. But if you go in knowing that special requests will be slow, but handled, you'll be fine. And the staff couldn't be nicer.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>garbeba
<Content>First time writing a hotel review... I searched long for a hotel that could accomodate all of us together ( 3 adults, 3 teens and 1 toddler) and the Best Western Hospitality met the criteria. Even though I read goods review, I was hesitant on what to expect and was amazed by the size of our 2bedroom suite. It was like an appartment !!Clean, nice staff, airco did make a lot of noise but we didn't mind (we were so tired by the end of the day). They are remodelling and there is a note that the work starts at 9:00 but by then we were up and heading out the door.There was only 1 bathroom but then you can't have it all. I recommend this place for large families.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Unbeatable! Such a great place to stay! My girlfriend and I stayed here for a week in late January. We had gone through the hassle of trying to find a decent hotel in NYC for a decent price. We realised how difficult this was and decided to try an apartment in the Best Western Hospitality House. We were so glad we did. For a start you just don't get a better location. Its smack bang in the middle of the finest district in NYC, great restaurants all around, you can walk 2 blocks (5 mins) and be strolling along 5th Avenue, another 5 minutes and you're at Central Park. The main subway station (Grand Central) is only a short walk away and from here you can get anywhere in the city with ease.As for the hotel room itself, it was fantastic. You will not get a bigger place to stay in NYC and that is a fact. Great kitchen facilities with a fridge that was restocked with fresh orange juice, bagels, cream cheese, tea, coffee etc on a daily basis! Beautiful bed which was so comfortable we never wanted to get out of it! Bathroom was huge and clean as a whistle. Not to mention the separate living room and dining areas with largecomfortable sofas and a big TV to relax in front of after a long day out seeing the sights. The overall feel was one of quality. I would love to own an apartment like this!All in all, there really wasn't a single fault with this place. The staff who were on the reception 24 hours a day bent over backwards to help in any way they could.It is fair to say that it isn't the cheapest place in the city, but trust me its well worth the money and you pay for quality. Would I return? I'm already planning it! Hospitality House helped make a trip I will never forget.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>nebbie
<Content>Fabulous location, wonderful stay! Not much to look at on the outside or in the lobby, but this small, apartment-style hotel is just terrific! Five of us (hubby, mother-in-law, 2 teens and I) stayed in one of their 2-bedroom apartment suites. Had a full galley-style kitchen (complete with full fridge, dishwasher, stove/oven, microwave, toaster, all utensils, etc.), living room (with TV, full sofabed, dining area), and 2 separate bedrooms (each with queen bed  TV), full bath. Furnishings were about as tastefully done as any hotel I've stayed in, and the LR and 2 BRs were amazingly large. Everything was very clean, and the hotel staff was friendly and helpful. If you don't feel like cooking, there are TONS of restaurants of every variety and budget in the area. I overheard that there's also a reasonably sized grocery store nearby, but we didn't test that out.I'll admit our street-facing unit had some street noise (this is Manhattan, after all), but turning on the fan as a white noise filler helped a lot. Also, my daughter did not find her rollaway comfortable at all, but then, those rarely are.The location is ideal - midtown, a stone's throw from 5th Ave. shopping, Rockefeller Plaza, museums, subway, etc.We will definitely plan to stay there on our next trip to the city, and will recommend to all.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>modestonut
<Content>Very, very good! We stayed here for 3 nights mid-June with husband and 3 kids. I had reservations at another hotel but panicked when there were reports at that hotel of bedbugs on tripadvisor. I am very glad we did! This hotel was $40 more, but for the size of the rooms, it is worth every penny. They are basically converted apartments with only like 3 or 4 apartments per floor. So the good news is there is not a lot of hallway noise but the bad news is that even having an upper floor facing the back (car garage), there is still a lot of street noise (mostly cars honking) all night long (despite cranking the air condition). We got in late the first night and ordered out for pizza, put the leftovers in the full size fridge, and had it for lunch the next day. The bagels, milk, OJ, hot chocolate were perfect for starting the day. It is a very short walk to the subway which we took to the Statue of Liberty and also to Yankee stadium. I had thought we would catch a cab after the broadway play we saw got out at 10:30 pm, but we started walking and before we knew it we were at the hotel and we felt totally safe the entire time. The bed in the bedroom was ok, but I did feel bad for the kids as the pull-out bed in the living room looked very uncomfortable.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>VacaBird
<Content>Perfect for us! My family of four stayed a this wonderful hotel for 5 nights in early June. We loved it, and will definitely think of it first when we travel there in the future. We liked that it felt a bit more like an apartment than a hotel. The location of this property can't be beat. It is near the corner of Lexington and 49th (also near the Waldorff-Astoria, Marriott, W, Doubletree, and Intercontinental). It is close to a subway stop (2 short blocks), M49 and 50 bus routes, restaurants, and grocery stores. Nearby landmarks include Grand Central St, Chrysler Bldg, Rockefeller Center, to name a few. Taxis are plentiful. The one-bedroom unit was clean and very spacious (especially by NYC standards), and came with a very nicely equipped kitchen. The fridge was stocked regularly and completely with the continental breakfast items (coffee, orange juice, milk, bagels, cream cheese, butter, jelly, and fresh fruit). In fact, the items were almost replenished faster than we could eat them. There were pans, strainer, plates, bowls, glasses, utensils, serving spoons, cutting knives, corkscrew, paper towels, dish detergent, coffee pot/filters, tea/water kettle, and maybe more that I can't remember. A can opener might have been nice. Appliances included a dishwasher, stovetop, oven, microwave, fridge, and toaster. We bought groceries from a nearby store and saved much time and money over restaurant meals.The bedroom had a double/full size bed that was comfortable, but the pull-out sofa in the living room, while adequate, had seen better days. The 6th floor unit was actually very quiet...we had a room on the back. We never heard a peep from any of the guests in the other rooms. We didn't really notice much noise from the garage behind the hotel, though the light from it was bright. The windows did have shades, but light can come in around them. Eye covers worked fine to fix this. My husband likes the white noise from the window unit air conditioners, but I preferred earplugs. Plenty of towels and fairly nice toiletries.The staff was very helpful. Check-in and -out was quick and accurate. They had space to store luggage for us on our checkout day. We had a very reasonable AAA rate, that we reserved several months in advance.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>julianmom
<Content>Great value! If you are looking for a luxurious hotel, do not stay here. If you are looking for a place to stay in NYC that gives you more than just a bed - stay at the Best Western Hospitality House. We were a total of 4 - 2 adults, 2 kids. You can't beat staying in an apartment (yes, an apartment) with enough room for everyone. The kids slept on the sofa bed, we had the bedroom. Both had TVs and were comfortable. The kitchen has all you need to make your own meals (if that is something you want to do to save $$). Breakfast is provided for you in the way of bagels, cream cheese, fruit, milk juice, coffee, hot chocolate, etc. We saved money and time by eating breakfast before we left to see the sights for the day. All of the staff I spoke to were very nice and helpful with directions, recommendations, etc. Housekeeping was thorough and even kind enough to leave extras when we asked for more. You are within walking distance to all public transportation and many of the sights like Rockerfeller Plaza, Time Square. The only thing I have to complain about is the odor in the hall right off the elevator. It was confined to that space though - the room was fine. We were all very happy staying at the Hospitality House and would not hesitate to recommend to all. Also, they do allow pets (the guest across from us had dogs and cats in her room). If you want luxury, go somewhere else. If you want a spacious room in the heart of NYC, get more for your dollar by staying at this hotel.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>NewtonFamilyofsix
<Content>would never stay there again Chose the hotel for its spaciousness. It was spacious, but the first night we froze because the previous guest had turned the heat off. Also, we were in the front, on the second floor, and it was SO NOISY! Who needs that on vacation. The second night the hotel moved us to an upper floor in the back, where we were kept up all night by noise from the garage in back of the hotel (car alarms, etc). Also, that room was too hot, and there was no way to control the heat. The rooms are spacious, but the beds are worn out and uncomfortable. Like many apparently good deals, this one is too good to be true.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2006
<Rating>1	2	1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>CarmelHousewife
<Content>Exceeded Expectations My family, consisting of my husband and myself and our four children ages 15 to 28 plus the girlfriend of one of our sons stayed at the Best Western Hospitality House Friday through Sunday. I had read about how big the suites are but I honestly was still amazed when I saw the one we got for the kids. It had two very large bedrooms, one with twin beds the other with a queen and a queen size sofa bed in the living room. There was a great sized living room with a table that could seat 8 and a very nice kithchen with a full size coffee maker.My husband and I had a one bedroom suite with a large bedroom and living room and full kitchen. The only complaint would be that there was only a full sized bed in the bedroom. When you are used to sleeping on a king, full size just doesn't give you enough room.There is no restaurant in this hotel but bagels, juice, milk and cereal are provided each suite and since there is a full sized refrigerator, we could have filled it with anything we wanted.This hotel is neat as a pin. The decor is sort of contemporary/retro and all the furniture was in good shape. Better lighting in the living room and single serving peanut butters to add to the cream cheese and jam for the bagels would be about the only two things I thought would be an improvement in this otherwise terrific place.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent - Can't wait to go back       Kitchen  
<Date>Jun 4, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent value  There were 5 of us staying at the Best Western, Hospitality House - East 49th Street, two double bedrooms and a couch in the living room area that opened up into a double bed. Loads of space for everyone. Complimentary breakfast every morning (wasn't included in price) and maid service.Our first time in New York and it certainly won't be our last. The accommodation was ideal, within walking distance of the main tourist sites. Very clean, friendly and spacious. I would recommend anyone visiting New York to stay in these apartments, great value for money. Ideal for children, young people and older people. Tourist buses stopped 50m outside the Apartments.Waldorf Astoria was 陆 block away with the Chryslar Building virtually round the corner.Bars and restaurants were close by, so we felt safe at night. Times Square, Central Park, Empire State Building, Bloomingdales  Macy's virtually 10-15min walk max.We were made to feel very welcome and we can't wait to go back.  
<Date>May 24, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect for Four Adults Stayed 5 nights at this terrific hotel. In this suite hotel, my husband and I had the room with the king-sized bed while our sons, 23 and 20 had the room with the two twin size beds. Juice, fruit, bagels, cereal, coffee etc stocked in fridge every night. #4,5,6 subway just two blocks away. We walked to Rockefeller Center. Very nice grocery store and less expensive restaurants on 2nd Avenue. Clean and comfortable. 49th street can be a little noisey but we just turned the fan on high. Living room, dining area and kitchen. If you're looking to stay in midtown, this is a great place. I would recommend for families.  
<Date>May 23, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it, would totally stay again. Fantastic hotel, great location. The staff was extremely helpful and polite. The room was clean and mostly quiet though we did face a parking garage where there was quite a bit of screeching tires. The room was very spacious and did not feel cramped at all. 4 rooms on each floor with stairwells on either side. The hotel was in a great location. Within 5 blocks you were right on the outskirts of Times Square and within 10 you could be in Central Park. Also very close to Ess A Bagel which is always a plus in my book. I would absolutely recommend this hotel and I would stay there again. Word of warning: there is only one elevator that is small and slow and the stairs are steep and slippery but there normally wasn't a terribly long wait for the elevator.  
<Date>May 23, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>chaobella
<Content>Brilliant experience We stayed in these apartments for one week. First impressions very spacious and clean ,exceeding our expectations. Very central to all sights, tour buses and subway(great value).Complementry fresh food in fridge everyday , a big plus. Staff were so helpful and nice.A big thumbs up !!Regards, Five very happy Irish Ladies.  
<Date>May 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>uggi
<Content>Loved the Best Western on East 49th Street! My family and I have just returned from New York, where we stayed at the Best Western Hospitality House. We chose the hotel because it was one of the very few hotels where we could all stay together (5 people) without needing two separate rooms.The reviews on Tripadvisor were very good (see below), so we booked the hotel online and hoped that the reviews were accurate...They were!As one of the other reviews say, it was great to come back to such a nice, large and clean apartment (not just a hotel room) following a busy day touring Manhattan. The living room/dining area was more than sufficient (dining table had seating for six), and the staff at the front desk were very helpful.The location is very good - some street noise and sirens are to be expected in Manhattan, but it was not too bad. Hotels in Manhattan are notoriously expensive, and whilst Best Western Hospitality House is not exactly cheap, it represents excellent value for money. You could fit more than 5 people in the apartment, making the place a better deal - we had plenty of space. High-speed internet is available at a surcharge.I have stayed in 4 different hotels in Manhattan, and this is easily the nicest. Thoroughly recommended!  
<Date>May 3, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Goodlander
<Content>Superb value Excellent for families, our room gave us plenty of space for the 5 of us, 2 bedrooms and a room with a large sofa bed. Its very central, only a couple of blocks from Times Square and one block from the greyline Bus tours.Very good value!  
<Date>Apr 29, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Place to Stay Just returned from a week at Hospitality House in NYC. What a super place! My wife and I went over with our three children (11, 8 and 7) and stayed in a two-bedroomed apartment which had a king sized bed, two twins and a sofa-bed. The living room/dining area was more than sufficient (dining table had seating for six), decent kitchen etc. Staff at the front desk were both friendly and helpful and the location is very good. It was great to come back to such a nice, large and clean apartment following a busy day touring Manhattan. The kids loved the space and the fact that they could watch a little TV in their own room! Whilst it might not be up to the standard of the nearby Waldorf Astoria, this place represents excellent value for money. Thoroughly recommended!  
<Date>Apr 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Lisino
<Content>Great value, great midtown location I would recommend these apartments without hesitation. For the price of a mediocre midtown hotel room you can get a whole attractive apartment to yourself. Good sized bedroom, huge soft bed, enormous living room, adequate kitchen with a well-stocked fridge (bagels, milk, orange juice, philadelphia cheese, preserves, fruit and ground coffee every day!) and a clean bathroom with loads of towels. The staff were friendly and very helpful . There is also a room to leave baggage on your last day after check out. Kitchen also had a dishwasher.I stayed there with my partner but I imagine this place would be especially good if you were travelling as a large family. There was a dining table to seat 4 so you could easily entertain!We loved it.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best Deal In NYC Would I stay here again? In a New York minute, yes! The room was clean, the location excellent, the staff helpful (all shifts). We had the two bedroom penthouse suite (PH-A). It was a full moon and we spent a good amount of time outside on the roof eating lunch, reading and enjoying the upward view of the surrounding buildings. We also had room 7A for part of our family. The room was equally clean and even larger (it didn't have the outdoor space that the roof top penthouse offered). We also had family in 9A which was a one bedroom unit. Again, much larger than one would expect. We really felt like our whole family got to experience life in NYC the way it is lived by residents. Fresh fruit, milk, juice, coffee and bagels were brought up daily during our 4 day stay. There's a full grocery store w/in 2 blocks. There's a shop on the corner where we bought a dozen fresh long stem roses for $6. We were able to pick up cabs almost every time right outside the hotel. A couple of times we went up to Lexington  49th just to pick up a cab quicker. We were roughly 4 blocks to the UN, an easy walk. About the same to Rockefeller Center. About the same to Grand Central Station and the Chrysler Building. My daughter spent 1 night in the W hotel which was next door and we were blown away by how much of a deal this little hotel offered compared to what she paid at the W. The little pizza shop downstairs was a good cheap pizza for one night. We cooked in for a few lunches and one dinner (the grocery has a number of items that are prepared meals w/ great flavor). All in all, the only hesitation I have in recommending the hotel is the fear that too many people will learn of it and make it harder to get reservations here.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>flygalinva
<Content>Love the Best Western Hospitality House in NYC We just got back from a week stay in NYC. Two couples with us stayed in the penthouse at the Hospitality House and my daughter, husband and I stayed in the one bedroom suite with pull out sofa. The place was fantastic!!! Everything was clean and fresh and the rooms are huge!! We had everything we would need in the kitchen and they kept it well stocked each day. The water is very hot and powerful every time we used it. The staff is wonderful and will do anything they can to help you. Maid service was great every day. We will stay there again when we go back to NYC and I would tell anyone that this is the place to stay. I have read reviews discussing the street noise well remember you are in NYC midtown and this is all part of the NYC charm. Location was super and could walk to alot of tour sites. You can catch a taxi right in front of the hotel and the metro line is not far away. The staff will store your luggage if you check in early or if you check out but still have time to tour before you leave the city. Cafe Linda next door is a great place to eat. Well, done Hospitality House in NYC!!!!  
<Date>Mar 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location Just back from a 4 night stay in NY. We were there to celebrate my Daughters 18th Birthday. The acomodation was excellant, in a truely great location. The rooms were big, clean and very comfortable, even the Sofa bed in the lounge was user friendly.As every one says NY is quite noisy so if you can get a romm on a higher floor all the better. We will certainly stay there in the future.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>travelbysue
<Content>Comfort and value.. My girlfriend and I stayed here for five days and couldn't have been happier. The location is perfect, but there is a bit of noise from the street, so I would recommend requesting a higher floor. Also, Thursday night between 12am and 6am the garbage truck rolls around. The accomodations were great, saved money because of the kitchen facilities and the staff was very friendly and accomodating. Good value, but please be aware that NYC is a busy city, and expect some noise.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful place I and 4 friends spent 4 nights at the BW Hospitality House. We weren't sure if it would be as good as the other reviews promised, but it was. It is very near the Waldorf Astoria, about one block away, at 49th and Lexington. We had the penthouse level. It was clean, freshly painted, remodeled. There were 2 separate bedrooms, two full baths, a living room, dining area, separate kitchen with full sized appliances. The penthouse had a walkout roof top patio that wrapped the room. We didn't spend much time out there as it was January, but it was a neat view - up to other high rises. The beds were very comfortable, firm matresses withpillowtops for comfort. Continental breakfast was nothing fancy, Lenders bagels, oj, milk, coffee, cereal, fresh fruit but they kept it replenished. They changed the towels daily, and gave maid service. It was definitely spacious. The elevator was prompt and the front desk people were helpful. The lobby is really just a desk area. It seems more like apartments than hotel. I was very pleased and would recommend it to anyone who needs a bit of space. It cost us about $80/person/night after you add in all the taxes, which I thought was pretty good for the space we got and the quality of the accomodations. We could walk to Rockefeller Center in less than 5 minutes, and shopping on 5th Ave in about the same. The subway was about 4-5 blocks up and another subway for cross town was another 4 blocks.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ballaballa
<Content>Happy holidays sale  nice big rooms, staff very friendly.smart chritsmas shopping in januarywe loved everything  
<Date>Jan 24, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Lillia
<Content>Not bad This is a great place to stay if you needs lots of space and some independence (kitchen very handy). The location is also ideal. However if cleanliness and hot showers are of high importance to you, don't bother.Having read the other reviews I was a bit disappointed with our stay here, however I would stay again for the location, amount of space and price.I found the maid service to be the worst I have ever come across in any hotel or serviced apartment.We stayed five nights - the bed was only made on 3 out of those 5 nights and the sheets were not changed at all during our stay. The blankets on the bed were very grubby and worn. The bathroom tiles were very cracked and the bath absurdly shallow. The floors were not swept nor the carpets hoovered in 5 nights we spent there.When we arrived there was dirty cutlery in the drawer and only 1 knife.Another negative was the heating and air conditioning. These were both very noisy when in operation (forgivable as this is an old building). The main problem we had was trying to control the temperature in the room - it was either freezing or sweltering. Staff were unable to assist as the heat was controlled via a main boiler room. We also had cold showers on our last 2 days as there was no hot water!In general although staff were friendly enough, but as some refurbishment was being carried out in the building, they seemed a bit distracted. This may explain some of the problems we experienced above. Please note, there are no bell boys or room service here, but this was not a problem for us.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel with very friendly staff I stayed at this hotel with my husband and son(19) we were met by a very friendly member of staff who made us feel really welcome, we were very impressed with our room because of the size and facilities. The kitchen was well stocked with essential food and drink items, there was even a kettle which means a lot to us british tea drinkers. the location of the hotel was brilliant, it was within walking distance to many of the attractions. We would not hesitate to stay there again and would reccommend this hotel to anyone especially families who like to cater for themselvesl,due to the kitchen facilities being excellent and it having a very large dishwasher. We had a TV in the bedroom and also one in the living room. On our day of departure the hotel staff were again very helpful, they let us leave our luggage with them due to our late flight and arranged our transport to the airport.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>connectedtraveller
<Content>Great location and price! Our family stayed over the US Thanksgiving weekend, we were more than pleased with the property. Usually when my husband are in NY we stay at the W in Times Square. This time we had our parents and friends with us so we decided on the BW so we could all stay together. The room(s) were very large for NY standards. The LR was very spacious and the kitchen was great to have to make our our breakfats(food supplied by the Hotel) and snacks.I booked this property because of reviews on TripAdvisor, I was not disappointed, we would stay here again.PS. Don't let the small lobby and small halls when you get off the elevator discourage you, the rooms are worth it !  
<Date>Dec 3, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lovethesun&cerveza
<Content>Real New York Living Stayed over the Turkey Day holiday. More than enough room for four. Large rooms, large enough bath, all perfect. Cont. Breakfast in our own apartment is very convenient - it is nice to have the opportunity to have breakfast in your underwear without needing to go down to the lobby! Great central location. Easy walk to Times Square, shopping and all of the AQpples finest. Adjacent pizzeria was tasty, as was Ashton's down the street. You will not find more space for less money in a great neighborhood. I will stay again.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best Kept Secret in NYC! My husband and I stayed here for 3 nights in November. This was his first time to NYC and we loved the Best Western Hospitality House. It is DELUXE inside. There is a full kitchen, full living room and seperate bedroom. Everything was fantastic. The location is excellent. (Just one block from the Waldorf Astoria where the double decker gray line bus picks up for the tours.) 2 blocks from the subway, a pizza place right next door, bus stop just steps away as well. English muffins, juice, milk, coffee, tea and an assortment of cereal and fruit in a bowl for breakfast. They held our luggage for us for 8 hours too. We could not have been happier here. It was a bit pricey in Nov. ($226 through AAA) but in comparison with everywhere else we checked out a GREAT value. It's like a cute 1-bedroom apt. with wood floors and a lot of charm. Hope this helps in your decision making! Enjoy the city! I'll try to get my husband to help me with attaching some pics of the place later on.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Home from home, we loved it... We have just spent 5 nights at this apartment loving every minute of it. This place is very spacious and at New York sizes ( Enormous ). You get a large lounge, comfortably furnished and including a dining table with 6 chairs, TV, writing desk with pc connection availability. A sizeable bedroom with huge ( very comfy ) bed, Bathroom and kitchen. It was great to arrive and find a bowl of fresh fruit which was restocked every day. The fridge had fresh milk, muffins, Orange juice, jam and butter, with a choice of cereals, tea and coffee. These were also restocked on a daily basis.It was so nice to be able to do yourselves a drink whenever you wanted and to be able to take your breakfast in bed if that was your wish. We found the service second to non and the staff were always polite and extremely helpful. The lobby is nothing to shout home about but you only see that in passing. The building is flanked by Restaurants and if you take a left out of the building, cross over the 1st road you come to - there you will find a wonderful Indian eaterie with both Chinese and Mexican restaurants across the road.All within 5 minutes of your Hotel ( Dreamland ). A fabulous place to stay - We would definately go back.........  
<Date>Nov 22, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very good value! We booked that Best Western at a travel agency under another brand. When I read the description I was expecting the worst. But it exactly met our needs and the price (64鈧?person...hey it's New York!) sounded good. I was very surprised when we arrived. These are real appartments: bedroom, living room (with sleeper sofa) and a kitchen. When you're done with fast food, and not willing to pay the prices of the restaurants, you may cook there just like home. The rooms are clean and nothing special. The staff is friendly and helpful. So if you're looking for a good deal in NYC and you don't want to spend a lot of time in your hotel room this migt be the place.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Vaturne
<Content>good value, convenient, good for families We've stayed in NY for 5 days twice in the last month - the first time with friends who were concerned about costs, and the second with our grown up children. The first time we stayed in hostel accommodation - very cheap - 28 dollars per person per night but very cramped, no closets, tiny bathroom and dirty public areas, and a long way away from main Manhattan attractionsThis time we chose the Hospitality House - OK It was more expensive - just over 300 dollars a night for a 2 bedroom/6 person suite, but so so much more convenient and comfortable - and actually much better value for what you got for your money. The suite was spacious - 1 bedroom with a king size bed, 1 bedroom with a Queen and a double sleep/sofa in the living area. The kitchen was well equipped - full size oven, microwave, dishwasher and fridge/freezer so you could save by preparing your own meals rather than eating out if you wished; breakfast (muffins, orange juice cereal, milk) is left in the kitchen daily - or there are plenty of delis/restautants within walking distance. NY is exhausting so it was so good to be able to come back to somewhere private, comfortable and relaxing to regroup in late afternoon before going out again for a show or a meal. Times sq, rockerfeller centre, 5th ave, and the Metro all within easy walking distanceI'd choose it again without hesitation - Oh and 3 TVs and free high speed internet access  friendly service as well. One disadvantage is noise - not from the hotel itself but from the street - NY is a very noisy city, and yes the A/C units in this 1899 building are set in the windows and are quite noisy - we just turned them off at night but we wouldn't have been able to do that when we visited in sweltering July. The hotel has a penthouse suite which apparently has two bathrooms ratherthan just one as we had - and it only costs a little more so maybe worth it if that's imprtant to you.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Whats The Best Kept Secret In Manhatten? The BEST WESTERN ' HOSPITALITY HOUSE' was really a fantastic find. We only booked it having read the positive reviews posted on 'TRIPADVISOR'. When we reached the landing on the fifth floor I had to enter the room first as the rest of the party feared the worst. WHAT AN APARTMENT! We had a very large sittingroom/diningroom, two large bedrooms, a bathroom and a small but well equipped kitchen. There was a television in each bedroom and one in the sittingroom. Each morning towels, cereal, fruit, tea, coffee and milk were supplied (did'nt like the muffins ) All of the staff were very friendly and helpful. A special thank you to the manager and all of the desk staff. Our stay was for ten days, and we had no complaints regarding any aspect of our stay in the Hospitality House.Hospitality House is in the heart of Manhattan but we recommend that visitors should buy the ' metro card' for unlimited bus and subway travel, its great value and it saves the feet. Would we stay in Hospitality House, New York, again ? EVERY TIME.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Location Plus Elbow Room ! To find that the reviews I had read on TripAdvisor were NOT exaggerations was refreshing. On June 6th, when we (4 adults, 3 children - ages 3, 5  12) arrived at 49th  3rd, we all were more than pleasantly surprised, with the location and the apartments. My grandson 's immediate reaction was: This is great!. I was relieved. The Hospitality House truly was a FIND I never would have trusted without TripAdvisor's recommendation. Both units were clean and spacious, the A/C made the heat and humidity bearable and the well-stocked refrigerator made late-night snacks and breakfast convenient and economical. It really was as advertised: an excellent value, perfect for families with children and just like actually living in NYC. The staff was courteous and helpful and even helped with getting discounted tickets. We look forward to staying there for our next visit to NYC - with or without children.The only negatives are the elevators (slow  small) and the hallways from which you enter the units: dark and worn. But once the door was opened, all doubts disappeared. Thank you very much. We enjoyed it so much, we were sorry to leave.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Locotravel
<Content>Best place I've ever stayed I stayed here on my way back to London after a 4 month trip around the world. Was extremely impressed with the apartment suite - is the best place I've ever stayed. I would highly recommend staying here with a group of friends as the rooms are massive with huge king size beds and there is a futon couch in the living room also. Really felt like a home away from home. The kitchen was great as I was on my own and didn't want to spend money eating out, and it saved money having breakfast provided (fresh fruit, milk, cereal, english muffins). Had TV in both living room and bedroom with so many channels I now understand why Americans love TV so much! Only complaint would be that the heating is steam (radiator) heating and is a bit noisy when it comes on in the middle of the night. My room was extremely hot when I checked in (-2 degrees celcius outside - about 30 inside!) and I couldn't adjust the temperature. Managed to crack a window (on 7th floor) and let some air in and mentioned it to the front desk. Staff were great - let me store my bags for the day when checking out as had about 5 hours to kill before leaving for airport.Was good value for money as was travelling on Kiwi dollar and got a great last minute deal.Highly, highly recommend this hotel - I can't wait to go back and stay there with my friends.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>good place in manhattan stayed at the hospitality house best western, 145 e 49th st manhattan in july this year(2005)location good, rooms good, we had two bedroom and pullout sofa, 5 of us went, mum.dad, 22 year old son, 2 daughters age 18 and 16.everything we needed was there, in easy walking distance to sights such as times sq etc, rooms and hotel clean, restaurants next door, also next to the waldorf hotel.staff more than helpful, would happily stay again, great for 1 st time visitors.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>fruitflyboy
<Content>Great for groups/families! Just returned after a six-night stay at the BW Hospitality House. The suite was clean and very spacious - perfect for the five of us. A large living/dining room, one large and one medium-sized bedroom, one reasonably-sized bathroom (tub; full towel closet), and a medium-sized and well-stocked kitchen (fruits, fruit juice, milk, cereal, English muffins, coffee/tea; refrigerator, oven/stove, microwave, toaster, coffee-maker, dishwasher). Laundry machines in the basement. TVs in every room, VCR in two; free high-speed internet (they were nice enough to provide us with an ethernet cable as well).The staff were helpful, courteous and friendly (Isaac in particular). The midtown-Manhattan location was convenient in addition to giving us a nice taste of life among the skyscrapers in the Big Apple. It's right near the 51st St. subway station (Metro 6). Not much noise at all (perhaps because we were on the 7th floor).Overall, we had no complaints at all, and I'd highly recommend this for groups/families.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It was GREAT!!! We just returned from a nine night stay at the Best Western Hospitality House in NY, NY. It was great! The best thing was the staff. They were wonderful. Very kind, courteous and helpful. It felt like we were leaving our family behind when we left. Issac is the BOMB! Like having our very own tour guide/personal assistant. Also, great rooms. Very clean, quiet and comfortable. We have no complaints and plan to stay here again when we return to NY. Also, hotel is close to everything! Thanks again!  
<Date>Jul 17, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>packrfan
<Content>Glad we stayed! Five ladies from Wisconsin stayed at the Hospitality House from May 24 thru the 29th. Five nights. We had no trouble finding it, the entrance is small and not fancy. We had a two bedroom/one bath, full kitchen, living, dining room combined. It was more than enough room. One bedroom had a king bed, the second a queen and the living room area had a full pull out bed in the sofa. Each bedroom had a TV as well as the main room. A few times we could have used another bathroom but we just took turns and finished with makeup, hair etc in the bedrooms. It was nice having the fruit, cereal, muffins, juice and milk every morning. The front desk was helpful. We were mostly there in the late evening as we did alot of the touristy things all day long. We could easily have had another adult with us.The cost per night was $380.36, this included all fees and taxes. We each paid for one night. We all thought where it was located was great. We would hightly recommend it for a larger group wanting to stay together. Its in a nice area, restaurants right next door and shopping just up the street.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>iamlisad
<Content>Great for small group! Took my teenage daughter, a friend  her teenage son, and another adult friend (party of 5) for a quick getaway weekend the first weekend in May, 2005. We made our plans at the last minute and getting a 2 bedroom at the hospitality house seemed like a better deal than two room somewhere else. We arrived around noon on Saturday and our apartment was already ready. Desk attendant was very friendly. It was very clean, modestly furnished, but the perfect set up for a group of friends travelling together. One room had a queen bed, the other a twin with a trundle. The living room had a futon couch bed. The unit came stocked with a try of fresh fruit, and very small containers of milk and juice, a few single serve boxes of cereal, and some english muffins. We ate the fruit but didn't go for the rest of the stuff. Kitchen was a full kitchen. We didn't really make use of the facility, but enjoyed hanging out in the living/dining room area till the small hours of the morning. Upon checking out the desk attendant was again very helpful and stored our bags for the day. He even gave us a bag of ice for the road for my daughter who is still recovering from a broken leg. My only complaint was that it was a little further over to the East Side than we prefer to stay -- but it was quite walkable and in a decent area.  
<Date>May 23, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Fongerini
<Content>Like Having Your Own Apt in New York City Recently stayed here with my family for the 3rd time and it always feels comfortable, just like having your own NYC apt. Excellent location just behind the Waldorf Astoria, on the M50 bus line, 1 blk to the subway, walking distance to Grand Central, Rockefeller Ctr, most midtown sights. Our 1 BR apt had a Living Rm, Bedroom, kitchen  Bath, hardwood floors, cable TV, free high-spd internet access, fruit-juice-milk-cereal-english muffins-coffee/tea supplied in your kitchen daily. Quite a number and variety of restaurants within a few blocks of the hotel. Only downsides are the typical NYC traffic noises and our bathroom had a slightly tricky toilet.  We enjoy staying here enough that it is the first place we consider whenever we come to New York.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Indy
<Content>If you need space for your visit to NYC this is Your Hotel! I stayed with my family at the Hospitality House from March 26th til the 31st of this year. It is a converted appartment complex. We stayed in 7B. It is a 2 bedroom. The Master bedroom was a 19x14 foot room with a king bed , 2 closets and a TV. The other bedroom was a 14X12 foot room with a normal double, a closet and a TV. The main room was large enough to leave the fold out sleeper sofa open and to still have a table with 6 chairs around it with plenty of extra room. The kitchen was a long thin one but had a fridge, full size stove, range, and microwave. There was a dishwasher too. The hotel will stock the fridge with milk, OJ, butter, jelly, english muffins, and Kellog cereals.The bathroom had a tub/shower combo.All in all it was a great place for a family of 5 to stay! Beside us was a room that had 4 women. They loved their room too. Each floor except the first has 4 rooms of which it appeared 2 are 2 bedroom and 2 are 1 bedroom. The 9th floor was listed as a penthouse and I never ventured up for a look.No pool. No exercise room. No restaraunt. This is just hotel with rooms for guests. The staff was pleasant and helpful.Beside the hotel is the San Martin Restaurant. A fine establishment for Spanish and Italian. A block east on 49th is Chin Chin's. Flat out the best Chinese food I have ever eaten. At third and 51st is Azure. It is a little store/deli. It is open 24 hours and has a buffet as well as sandwiches and some staples for the fridge. The bagels and the chocolate cake from their were quite delicious. There is a food emporium at 51st and second for more extensive grocery needs.It was a great hotel that I have no reservations suggesting  
<Date>Apr 5, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lees515
<Content>larger than some NYC apartments! This place is huge--probably larger than many NYC apts! I stayed by myself via a good Hotwire deal for 2 nights on a weekend at $413 total, inc. tax, etc.; it's usually about 300- a night. Full kitchen (fridge, microwave, toaster; pots/pans, a real stove, teakettle, coffee maker, sugar, boxed cereal, fruit, milk, english muffins, coffee, dining room table, good size bathroom, etc.). 2 closets, 2 full length mirrors, lots of storage space. Good size bathroom, nice shower, full size dining room table, roll-out comfy couch, 2 TVs, with the big one in the living room. Big bedroom w/smallish tv. Desk, with internet connection. You'll save tons of money on food, and it's a convenient location near Murray Hill.While the space was immaculate, with newish furniture and newly painted, there are some caveats. If you're looking for a 4 star boutiquey hotel, this is not for you: it's slightly grubby. The ancient radiators make it impossible to control the heat--I put bowls of water around the suite to prevent static.There is no natural light-- the window shades are down and impossible to raise, possibly to block the view of the dark airshaft and pigeon poop. Some of the windows didn't lock--although it'd be pretty impossible for someone to break in since I was on the 4th floor and there are no balconies, as a woman staying alone, it creeped me out. There was no dish washing liquid, no kleenex, but there was plenty of toilet paper, towels, and nice bathroom amenities. Check out is too early: 11:30. It's supremely quiet, very cozy. The front desk folks were awesome, very helpful, very nice. Highly recommended if you need space, want to party, need to do work, or like to save money on food.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great for families   showReview(3186791, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 15, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What can we say   showReview(3085288, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 25, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>asidor
<Content>Best deal in town   showReview(3016559, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 19, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>cheshireman
<Content>Spacious and in a great location   showReview(2968978, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 1, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jjkaine
<Content>Best Western Hospitality House E. 49th Street       A trip around Central Park  
<Date>Nov 20, 2004
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Find for Families visiting NYC   showReview(2813789, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 9, 2004
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>apedantspeaks
<Content>If you need space this is for you   showReview(2789212, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 27, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>So good we visited it twice!!!!   showReview(2432558, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 9, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jenlek
<Content>Great location-lots of space for NYC   showReview(2266821, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 4, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Stay Away!   showReview(2117519, 'full');   
<Date>May 25, 2004
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>CARO1407
<Content>H么tel tr猫s sympa et bien situ茅   showReview(22247472, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Jaume49
<Content>Muy buena relaci贸n calidad precio por ser New York   showReview(18391163, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PruneauShow
<Content>Excellente "auberge am茅ricaine"   showReview(8723629, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Koniferenmutter
<Content>Bin mir nicht sicher, ob ich es empfehlen soll   showReview(8280546, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 2, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	2	3	3	2	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un h么tel tr猫s sympathique   showReview(11391803, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 22, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>prescott06
<Content>Parfait pour une famille.. mais...   showReview(5035511, 'full');   
<Date>May 5, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	1	-1	3	-1	

