<Author>TravelingAggs
<Content>Great location...but that's it. The location for this hotel is great, and the price wasn't bad for an American Traveler; however, in the future I would spend the extra money to stay somewhere else.1. The business center was down the whole time we were there (3 days) so we couldn't use the free internet, which was a high selling point for us staying there.2. Our room was facing the main street (Via Laietana) and the noise overnight was terrible, even with earplugs. Lots of street traffic with thin windows.3. We had the do not disturb sign on our door, and came home one day to find they had entered our room, taken the third bed (we booked a double but they put us in a triple) and thrown our belongings around that had been placed on the extra bed. It was very disrespectful the way they handled our stuff. When I went to complain (which, I never have before) they were very unresponsive (and I speak Spanish). At the same time this was going on, an entire tour group from Boston had arrived two hours past check-in time and a lot of their rooms weren't ready.Location was great, actual rooms weren't bad, but the service and noise were enough to make me stay elsewhere on my next visit.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2009
<Rating>2	2	3	4	3	3	1	1	

<Author>Teocle
<Content>UNDER RATED **** surely. Superb location for city centre, main area offering vibrancy of beautiful Barcelona; ideal for picking up tourist bus, an essential for those new to the city. We did the red and blue open top on the same day. Beautiful weather. Access from Airport excellent. Definitinely recommended! Although too chilly to use pool, the pool area was a nice place to relax after a hard day's sight seeing with a large glass of wine - from the Spar around the corner! Ideal for smokers!  
<Date>Nov 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Michsquish
<Content>Fantastic location, fantastic hotel all round! Just got back from a stay at the HCC Montblanc and I can't fault the hotel- had a fabulous time!!The hotel is in a brilliant location, a short walk to Las Ramblas and the main square and quite near the Gotica area.It is on a main road but is not too rowdy as I imagine it may be if you stayed right near Las Ramblas. The windows must have been soundproofed as we didn't find any noise problems you sometimes find in a busy city.The staff were lovely, the breakfast (which was included with our booking with Alpharooms was fantastic -there was nothing more we could have asked for.The room was well maintained, very spacious and toiletries were provided and replaced no sooner had you used them, it was imaculately cleaned every day.If I return to Barcelona in the future, I would definately stay here again.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Triggertini
<Content>Brilliant Base for Barcelona!! I booked this hotel for myself and my sister for a 3 night break. We took the bus to Catalunya from the airport which took 20 minutes. The hotel was a mere 5 minute walk from the bus drop off. We checked in straight away at 10am, our room was a great size, very clean and quiet. (we stayed on the 3rd floor).We thought the hotel was brilliant, you could not fault the location or the helpfullness of the staff. The pool was a great bonus to have and even though at tad small, it was great to have a dip and cool off which is all you needed. The only let down was the price of the drinks. Very expensive - 3.30 euros for a fanta by the pool. There is however a spar (turn right out of the hotel) a 2 minute walk away so I would advise stocking up there and keeping drinks in your fridge in the room. The hotel was fantastic base for getting around Barcelona, you were in short walking distances to the Barri Gottic, El Triangle, La Rambla and more. If you stay on the hotel road and walk all the way down you get to the harbour which is about a 15 minute walk away. Altogether, we thought it was fantasic and when speaking to other guests in the hotel they thought it was great too. I would not take much notice of the negative comments made by people on some of the previous reviews on this hotel!!  
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>lyle4940
<Content>Loved the Hotel The hotel has a small pool and a bar on site with a small patio for sunbathing.Great little place to eat breakfast and free internet. Approx 150 rooms right in downtown Barcellona. $130 euros a night + 15% commision for the agent.Great little Chineese resteraunt just down the street very good food and the best price in town for dinner.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PangLondon_
<Content>Excellent location! This hotel is located roughly one minute from las ramblas and 10 minutes from the beach, an excellent location!! Staff are very friendly, have just come back from a 4 night stay at this hotel..guests are given complimentary champagne!! Rooms nice size, bathroom is lovely and clean and the shower is amazing!! The AC is great, mini bar is spacious enough to put your own items in, room service menu is amazing!! Reccommend the cheese sandwiches, only fault is the noise of the cleaners cleaning adjacent rooms at about 10am, but then again most people would be up by this time. Will be going back next year or year after!!  
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	4	5	

<Author>ndakin
<Content>Perfectly adequate, but not very special - but has free parking If you're driving it's easy to find and has free secure underground parking. The location is great, very central and convenient but not a in particularly picturesque part of the city.When we checked in we confirmed that we had booked two non smoking rooms but one of them absolutely stank of tobacco. I went to reception to ask for a room change and the previously quite friendly receptionist bluntly told me but it is a no smoking room! I explained that it was irrelevant because someone had definately been smoking in there and I had to stand my ground to get it changed. I was told that all they could give me was another room in separate part of the hotel away from my children's room (I got the impression that she was hoping that would put me off!) but my kids are 18 and 13 so they don't mind being away from our room and I took the option offered but it was done with a bit of huffing and puffing.On the whole the rooms seemed clean, reasonably spacious but were rather bland - you could been staying anywhere in the world in a mid range chain hotel. One room had noisy air con the other was OK.I booked it because it had a pool, but be warned the picture flatters to decieve, it is tiny and it feels very hemmed in by the surrounding buildings, some which were not vey attractive - I can't imagine it gets much sunlight down there. It is also gated off quite early in the evening because the restaurant uses the surrounding area for diners. In the end we didn't get a chance to use it.I was quite surprised to see a security guard by the front door most of the time, I wasn't sure if it made me feel safer regarding the hotel or that I should be more worried when out and about in the City.To sum up: There was nothing fundamentally wrong with the hotel but it felt a little bit tired when you looked closely. It just lacked a certain something in a city as vibrant as Barcelona. I think with hindsight I would rather pay more and stay somewhere a bit more unique.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	3	1	

<Author>Cleo034
<Content>Great Place to Stay we chose this hotel on the recommendation of a friend and were very pleased with our choice. It's excellently located, close to the metro and transport hub of Placa Catalunya.Our room was very quiet, clean and comfortable- no problems with noise at all. We felt security was taken seriously and there was always a friendly security guard at the front door. Hot food was available on request at breakfast. It always came quickly once you had found a waitress but sometimes it was not quite what you had ordered (due to language barrier). We were very impressedby the evening meal - restaurant is closed in the summer months but dinner was served on the terrace instead with a set menu as well as a la carte. The set menu was great value and excellently cooked with attentive service pitched at just the right level.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>ciaranmyson
<Content>great location Our family of 4 stayed here for 5 nights and found that the hotel is so convenient . It is minutes away from 2 metro stations. It is walking distances from the La Rambla and The cathedral. It is surrounded by lots of restaurants and cafes. You can't go wrong. The room is clean and sufficient,there's free internet access if you have your own laptop.There is a swimming pool but very small, only worth for a dip. Very few hotels would let us all stay in one room but because the kids are small(56) , they let us have the kids in the one room. Most hotel will have maximum of 3 people in 1 room.The staff is friendly .  
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>mooer1980
<Content>Very Impressed. I stayed in the hotel with my partner during the 2008 Moto GP.The hotel was assigned to us by our tour operator but we were more than happy with their choice.The room was lovely and spacious with good wardrobe space.The bathroom was almost as big as the bedroom and looked newly fitted.The only down size with the bedroom was, as lots have people have mentioned, the double bed was two singles pushed together.The continental breakfast was full of choice and very filling but the cooked options you could choose if you managed to flag down a waitress were hit and miss, both food wise and whether what you ordered was what you received.Overall a lovely hotel, central located and well worth consideration.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>che10
<Content>Brillant place to stay I went through Ryanair for both my flights and accomadation. My girlfriend and I flew into Reus Airport from Dublin. Its roughly an hour and a half by bus to Barcelona Sants Bus Station(鈧?8 round trip) and don't be sceptical about flying in here as local bus operaters travel in tandem with the flights so you wont get stranded!!!! We stayed for 3 nights and on arrival was immediately impressed with the location of hotel and the staff. We were booked in immediately. Its the perfect base if your going to be on the go alot. 鈧?30 for 3 nights for 2 people, its hard to complain with a price like that. The hotel is literally a few minutes walk to the placa del catalunya. The location was a major factor for us choosing the hotel.The rooms were quiet and always well cleaned(towels... etc). Their was a tv in the room with various channels (spainish,english  german!!!) The rooms were a decent size and had air conditioning. The safety deposit box was less then 鈧? per day to rent.We didn't eat in the hotel but had a drink one of the nights in the bar. The bar wouldnt be alot to shout about as its small but Ramblas is only a 5min walk so that doesn't make a difference.  
<Date>May 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Mahlerfan
<Content>Good value and great location I stayed here for two nights in April 2008. I reserved a single room but was upgraded to a double. The room was quite spacious by European standards and was clean and comfortable. While the room faced a major thoroughfare, it was fairly quiet and unlike some other reviewers, I had no difficulty falling sleep or staying asleep. The location was excellent, two blocks from Las Ramblas, Placa Catalunya, and the Barri Gotic.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	3	4	

<Author>Joycey
<Content>Our worst hotel experience - ever! We stayed at the Mont Blanc Barcelona as a pre-cruise stay booked by Norwegian Cruise Lines Within 24 hours my bag had been stolen from inside the hotel. The thieves remained on the premises. Only my husband鈥檚 intervention prevented them from going to our room and emptying the safe. Staff later let slip that there had been another theft which was from a safe on the same day.Security at this hotel is dire. One reason is that the room and safe keys are both clearly marked with the room number. No-one was on security even at the weekend when there were about one hundred or more NCL guests and the function rooms were being used by people from outside the hotel. CCTV cameras were unavailable.Staff assured me they would report the theft to the police but failed to do so leaving me with no time left to report it before the coach arrived to take us to the ship. After the theft hotel staff were extremely rude and patronising to me, thus adding insult to injury. No-one from the hotel came to speak to me nor was there anywhere private to go to discuss what had happened. They made it very clear that although the theft happened in their hotel it was my lookout and they couldn鈥檛 care less. Other than that the room which overlooked the pool terrace was quiet with comfortable beds, adequate storage and an exercise bike. Breakfast was buffet style and mediocre with thermos jugs of coffee and hot water. Eggs and bacon was available on request.We paid 拢169 each for two nights bed and breakfast in a double room.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	3	3	1	-1	-1	

<Author>LouisedublinDublin
<Content>Great location, good price, just minor things .. It's a great location. Avoid the Olympic village area as it's cut off from the historic centre and the buzz. This is a great area. You could probably happily stay in a budget priced hotel on the same road. The hotel room sound proofing is excellent; the air conditioning too cold if anything!; good wi-fi; great breakfast; good restaurants nearby and can walk or metro almost anywhere. Rooms at the front get all the street noise so try to book the rear. Bath is quite small but shower fine. Minibar good for storing own snacks and drinks! A pool isn't that easy to find centrally so it's a bonus here. The hotel is just a bit unexciting but despite that I'd probably go back if I didn't find better in this area in this price range. Check prices against other websites as they can be better value than hotel directly. By the way, in the Barcelona restaurants generally watch out for the charge for the bread. 3 large slices of bread on a plate, with a thin coating of oil, presented without invitation, cost 鈧? - even if one slice only is consumed!  
<Date>Apr 9, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KateandSteve
<Content>Very convenient for Las Ramblas This hotel is in a great position to explore Barcelona from the Plaza Catalunya to Barceloneta and Port Vell. It's clean and comfortable with an adequate breakfast buffet. (Not as spectacular as some other reviewers have stated.) The bar prices are very good and the atmosphere is friendly but unobtrusive.We were very happy with our stay, once we'd asked for extra pillows! I would say that, if you enjoy a bath, you'll only be comfortable having one here if you're less than 5' tall. Otherwise, stick to the shower!It's easy to get to from the bus station or metro, close to Urquinaona station, and 5 minutes walk from the Tourist bus hub at the Plaza Catalunya. I like the idea of a free glass of bubbly on presentation of your card at the bar but bear in mind it's only between 9 and 10pm so plan your evening carefully. That said, this is Spain and many good restaurants don't even THINK of opening until 8.30pm or later.We would stay here again, but definitely for longer. A great location for a base and good value.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>CheshireTraveller_7
<Content>Good location, nice hotel A nice hotel in a very good location. Lots in walking distance. Nice helpful staff and overall clean hotel. The room was fine, although ours was noisy due to the traffic, as we were on the side of a very busy road. Even the double glazing didn't help (that might have been because the window framed was warped, which the staff weren't too concerned about but did give us the opportunity to swap rooms). Next time (and we would stay there again) we would request a room overlooking the courtyard.We walked around the area including many of the narrow streets at night and always felt relaxed.Barcelona is a great place to visit.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>City-trippers
<Content>Watch out for tour groups Not recommended if you want to get some peace, quiet and sleep. On the first night we were kept awake until 3 a.m. by a large group talking loudly in the corridor and then a group in the room next door who kept us awake until they went to bed. The next night the same happened but the two youths in the room next to us talked loudly until 4 a.m. (the walls are paper thin) despite us and hotel security knocking on their door. After this we asked the front desk to speak to the organiser. It was a Sunday and the Hotel Manager would not make himself available to us 鈥?leaving it instead to some very helpful but powerless reception staff. Our complaints resulted in short sharp bouts of noise until 3 a.m. Three restless night in what would otherwise have been a pleasant hotel, close to the Cathedral.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2007
<Rating>2	3	3	4	4	3	2	-1	

<Author>bel80
<Content>Okay...but good location We stayed here in February (which is actually a good time to go, well, this year anyway, as it was a mild winter, yet we were walking around in t-shirts!). The location of the hotel is very convenient. The metro is pretty much on the corner, and lots of food areas in the gothic area, and walking distance to las ramblas. Staff were very helpful and recommended a few day trips for us. Whilst the room itself was clean, and quiet, we weren't so happy about the bathroom. The bathtub was quite small, and there were shower curtains so water was practically covering the floor. Also their shampoo, body lotion, etc comes in sachets. Overall okay, but definitely not worth what we paid for apart for the location.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2007
<Rating>3	2	2	4	3	4	-1	2	

<Author>LJSWales
<Content>Hotel located in city centre, clean enjoyed the stay there. This hotel is located close to the city center, is clean and the staff are polite. This is a three star rating and is classed as a tourist hotel. There are a lot of them to choose from and I have stayed at others that were equally acceptable. Being close to the drop off point for the airport transfer bus was also handy, just a short walk from the main square.This is close to a large departmental store which has a basement supermarket which we found handy. The restaurant on top of this large departmental store is worth a visit, if you are lucky to get a window seat there is some view over the city and the food there is ok to.For touring the city I suggest you got to the main square (Plaza Catalunya) and buy tickets for the Red and Blue tourist buses. One goes North the other South and cover all of the main attractions. You are dropped off outside each attraction and when you are ready return to the drop off point as these buses are circulating all the time and the wait for the next bus is not long. Word of warning, I was there on one visit with my mother and a friend, my mother's hand bag was literally ripped off her shoulder snapping the trap, she was wearing it across her body and not just over her shoulder. Lucky for my mother I am athletic which was unlucky for the bag snatcher as after about 1/2 mile I caught up with him, lets just say I got the bag back. There is a lot to see in Barcelona and you will enjoy your time. If it is nice and sunny allow some time in parc g眉ell, there is plenty of seating there and you enjoy the relaxation and resting your feet ready for the next sight. A walk along Las Ramblas is a must, looking at all the Living Statues how they manage to stay so still for so long mystifies me and some of them are quite spectacular.Enjoy Barcelona, just take care with your possessions and what you carry and you will enjoy your visit.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>anonymousBA
<Content>Great Location and Decent Room       view from balcony  
<Date>Oct 4, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>AG&MG
<Content>Would not recommend this hotel I have just returned from Barcelona after spending 4 nights in the city. I travelled with my husband and two grown up sons. We stayed at the Mont Blanc on the 25th and 26th September. We arrived at around 9.30 p.m. and went for our Welcome Drink! which was served to us by a miserable bar lady who didn't try to smile or communicate with us in any way. The following morning we went for breakfast at 10.45 a.m. and we were ushered to a partly laid table and then ignored for a good 10 minutes. Eventually the waitress came for our order, which she did not write down, and promptly got wrong. We were made to feel so unwelcome that we did not bother to go for breakfast the next morning although we had paid for it in advance. The swimming pool was no larger than a jacuzzi and the decor in the bedrooms was very dated and drab. I felt I had to write to let other trip advisor members know of our experience which seems to be in contrast to previous reviewers. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone. For the last two nights of our holiday (the 27th and 28th) we stayed at the Grand Hotel Central, also on the Via Laietana, to celebrate my husband's birthday. This hotel was absolutely fabulous in all aspects and so I feel I am in a position to compare after two such contrasting experiences. (I will review the Grand Hotel Central under its own heading).  
<Date>Oct 2, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	4	3	3	1	-1	

<Author>karen.waugh
<Content>impressive hotel on the reccomendation of the tourist information office in placa de catalunya we stayed in Hotel Mont Blanc this september and were pleasantly surprised, it was as has been previously noted, well situated for the barri gotic, la rambla and the port. We had one of the rooms at the back and it was unbelievably quiet considering how busy the area was, the drinks were quite expensive, about double the price of the local bars, but they are hotel prices. the breakfast was delicious at 15 euros and room service was excellent, as was the mini bar with a chilled cava as a welcome on the first night  
<Date>Sep 19, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>WendsPaisley
<Content>Location, Location, Location ! Every other review refers to this - you can't beat the location of the Mont Blanc. It really is just 5 mins from the Placa Catalunya, where you get the airport bus for under 4euros, and 5 in the other direction to La Ramblas and the Gothic Quarter. Our room (802) had a balcony, complete with Astroturf (!), and was great to sit out on as the sun went down. My initial impression of the room was that it could do with redecoration but it was very clean and comfy and perfectly okay for a couple of nights stay. As we were celebrating 'significant birthdays', a friend had arranged for champers to be delivered and this arrived within minutes of checking in. I was really impressed with this as it had been arranged months in advance and could easily have been overlooked. We also got a voucher for a glass of Cava in the bar which was a nice touch. The hotel caters for both tourists and business purposes but never felt busy. The only time we saw any number of other guests was at breakfast, talking of which, was lovely and the waiting staff efficient. I wouldnt bother having dinner in the hotel as there are 101 places nearby including an Italian next door. I'd love to know if it was any good - it certainly looked so from the outside. This was my second time in Barcelona and it was as great as I remembered. Tons to see and do but if you're there for only a short time, take the bus tours as you'll see more than you ever could on foot. One thing I did notice to be different was fewer people begging (maybe the city fathers have tackled this issue) and it also felt very safe to walk about at night. The last time I was there, I was told off by a policeman for swinging my handbag about as we walked through the Place Reial (I'm a female reviewer by the way!) All in all, Barcelona is a great place for a short break and it's somewhere you could go back to time after time. And that goes for the Mont Blanc too!  
<Date>Sep 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>Arps
<Content>Great location, pleasant stay Great location, a minutes walk from Placa Cataluna (where the Aerobus (airport) bus drops you off). Turn right out of the hotel doors and walk a few steps and you'll find the underground over the street, perfect! Or carry on walking and you'll get lost within minutes in the gothic quarter! Turn left out the doors and you'll come to the Ramblas and many eateries! Hotel is walking distance to just about anywhere. Staff were pleasant and polite and spoke good english. They never went the extra mile but not really in need of it. If you are a early sleeper or late riser then good luck as the walls are paper thin. I could literally hear everything in the other rooms!! A tip: Try and book room 702 which was my room. I think it is the only room in the hotel with a balcony and it overlooks the pool and a great view of La Catedral.Overall a really pleasant stay, blinding location and great value for money.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>ishani
<Content>Excellent Reception, Poor Service At Dinner Our stay in the hotel was pleasant. The hotel is ideally located and the reception desk was very good. The women in particular were very friendly and recommended walks and retaurants that were very good. However, our stay was marred by a very unpleasant experience at the hotel's terrace restaurant where we decided to have dinner on one day The waiter was rough and service dissapointed. They started by charging a full course price for a plain kids pasta meal and after some argument changed the bill. The pool was cold and small. Other than that a very friendly hotel. Cleaning of rooms a bit delayed in the afternoon. Infant milk wasn't charged at times and charged differently on different occassions.Indrani - UK  
<Date>Aug 31, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jpruzins
<Content>Perfect location - Close to Beach and the City! After spending an evening sleeping on a train from Paris to Barcelona, this hotel was amazing. The cab ride from the train station cost 10EU and it was located on a main avenue. The hotel is in excellent condition and the style is very classy. My friend and I arrived early so the hotel offered to hold our bags while we walked around the city until check in time. We were 5 min walking distance from Placa Catayluna and 20 min from the ports and beaches. The Hop-on Hop-Off city bus tour also has a stop right across the street from the hotel. The hotel room was spacious and clean, and the beds were very very comfortable. We even had a view of the hotel pool. Next time I visit Barcelona, I am going to book this hotel again for the value I received for my money. Its also a chain, so there are other HCC's throughout the city. Also, if you book through expedia.com or another travel web site and it says that the hotel is booked, try booking through the hotel web site itself. I was able to book 2 nights through expedia and 1 additional night through the hcc web site.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>weemanal
<Content>An enjoyable experience Enjoyed a lovely stay at the mont blanc, beds were very comfy and hotel was very clean and nice. Only short walking distance to the big square and to las ramblas. Breakfast was yummy and had lots to choose from. Did not eat dinner there because the menu was quite restricted but there was lots of nice restuarants nearby. There are lots of things to do in the city like going to the zoo to see the famous white gorilla which they advertise on their website only to trail around the whole park and find out he died 3 years ago. There are lots of good and nice tourist shops nearby for souveniers and presents to take home and some good clothes shops too. The street artists were very entertaining at night time too, the group of boys who do a street/break dancing show across from the metro are very good and i really enjoyed watching them. A good place to go is the Hard Rock cafe in barcelona where you can also visit the rock shop for tee shirts and souveniers, it is very busy and seems to be the place to hang out. Anyway the hotel was very good, a lot better than i expected and i was pleased to stay there and all the staff were very nice. I recomend it very much.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>RezzyNY
<Content>Great Selection       Front of Hotel  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	4	-1	-1	

<Author>SweetLou1
<Content>Great location, very helpful The location and service at this hotel was great. My wife and I stayed here for 5 nights in August and we have no complaints. It's close enough to Las Ramblas (5 min walk), but far enough that you don't have to deal with the noise. the staff was very helpful in assisting me confirm a train ticket reservation (I don't speak spanish) and the maid service was top notch.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>JennySunderland
<Content>Good Hotel unfriendly reception staff The Hotel is in a great location 5 minutes walk from Placa Catalunya. It is very clean, rooms quiet and comfortable as long as you ask for a room at the back away from the main road. Our room was on the second floor and overlooked the pool area. The pool is small but great to come back to after a long day walking around the city.The only negative comment I have to make is the female reception staff were not interested in the least. They need some customer service training. The male reception staff on duty in the evenings was very friendly. I would definitely use this hotel again as it is one of a few in the centre with a pool.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CH109
<Content>Good Value, Central Location Could not fault this well located hotel for the price . Pleasant modern lobby.Only 5 minutes walk from Las Ramblas and central shopping areas teeming with boutique filled picturesque streets and alleys. Free glass of champagne offered in the bar on first night started our stay off well. Found reception staff very helpful with regards to directions and advice etc.Room was a twin one (with lovely clean fresh well appointed bathroom) partially overlooking the back of other buildings and the Hotel Montblanc's roof terrace and pool (which was tiny admittedly but only meant as a dip pool and very refreshing after a days city shopping/sightseeing )- useful to bribe the children with ,during the day. Breakfast ,which was included in our Expedia price, was a normal continental type selection of pastries, breads, cheeses, hams,croissants and provided a good start to the day. Stayed for 3 nights and as we had a very positive experience here we would highly recommend it . We would put 3 and a half stars against it as a rating although some 4 stars I have stayed in have not been as good.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>TravelBugN
<Content>Good location, Good Price. My husband and I were in Barcelona for a day, before catching a cruise out of there, and that's when we stayed at HCC Montblanc. We paid about 110 Euros (which is a good deal for hotels in Barcelona) and found the hotel satisfactory. The rooms looked a little out-dated but were clean and very well maintained, as were the bathrooms. The size of both was good! We were pleasantly suprised with a small balcony outside our room. We asked for a king size bed, but they were unable to accomodate us, saying that the hotel was full. The hotel advertises that it has a pool but the pool is a little bigger than a jacuzzi, and was extremely overcrowded. The lobby decor was a little kitschy but the hotel was neatly maintained.The location is good, but it's not exactly on Las Ramblas. One must walk about 7-10 mins to get to one end of Las Ramblas.We never ate there so I cannot comment on the food, but either way, there are enough of restaurants close by to eat at.This is not the best hotel that I have stayed in but I cannot find any fault with it.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jsilveous
<Content>Not the greatest Other than the hotel being located in a good spot, I was disappointed.I was hoping for a shuttle to the airport on the day of my departure and they did not have one.I asked if they could exchange currency, they couldn't.I asked about local attractions, they didn't help much.The room for the price was a bed and a bathroom.I stayed in a room overlooking the street which was very noisy at night.I would not stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>pragueresident
<Content>Loved the stay but tricky check-in process Stayed in the hotel for 2 nights including a Sunday. The hotel is great with fantastic location. Be careful of being tricked during check-in. Thanks to other reviews posted here I was able to stick to my ground and get a room in the hotel and not get transferred to another 4 Star location. They will claim there is some problem in the room and that they will transfer you to a better hotel for the same price. But thats a trick to send customers to another hotel which is located on a busier street.Anyway, besides this little annoyance everything is simply wonderful.Nice big room, clean bathroom. Free internet, although i did not use it. Also i did not have breakfast. There are lots of other options just outside compared to the 15euro breakfast in the hotel. My room was on the inside overlooking the pool so was very peaceful. I had a later flight so they were very helpful to store my luggage till evening.Highly recommended for overall quality. Just be careful to stick to your ground and not get transferred to another better hotel.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	2	5	4	

<Author>CB_Aberdeen
<Content>Excellent Value! Great Location Excellent location and great value for money. Stayed here 4 nights. Price included great continetal all you can eat breakfast. Pool a bit cold but location great for a city break, just off La Ramblas. The tour bus passes right outside allowing you to hop on and off to see the cities attractions. Would thoroughly recommend it!  
<Date>May 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>eyhchen
<Content>Booked this hotel and got walked to HCC St. Moritz Apparently I'm not the first tripadvisor.com user that had this problem. Look at the review of HCC St. Moritz Hotel and you'll see another user got walked from the HCC MontBlanc to HCC St. Moritz last year. Supposedly the Mont Blanc have some renovations.Users should be aware of this hotel chain's practice. At least they paid for the cab from the MontBlanc to the St. Moritz.  
<Date>May 5, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Candice-7
<Content>Montblanc Hotel - better than average 3*       Parc Guell  
<Date>Apr 22, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	3	3	5	

<Author>RHHATL
<Content>Nice rooms, great breakfast  Stayed here for 3 nights last week. Had stayed at the Hotel Regencia Colon first and while it was quite nice, it was a welcome relief to have NO outside noise at night. The hotel was extremely clean, even in the public areas. I believe this is a convention type hotel but they have 2 wings of rooms. We noticed a large group of high school kids and asked to be put away from them. NO problem. Breakfast was extremely well done, the typical breakfast buffet and an offer to cook breakfast meats and eggs to order. This was included in our room for 103 euro/night. Great location short walk to the museums, Bari Gothic, Las Ramblas, etc.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>Langtonian
<Content>Excellent Mont Blanc Great location. Literally 5 mins ( I timed it) from Placa Catalunya, and the Aerobus terminal outside El Corte Ingles. Good sized room at rear - nice and quiet . Good sized bathroom and plenty of storage space, all spotlessly clean. Breakfast is an extensive cold buffet and dinner is based on a daily menu and a rather limited seasonal menu. We had dinner twice and found it to be excellent.Breakfast is 7 to 11 a.m. -very civilised ! ! .as is the 12 noon checkout. There is secure luggage storage for late departures. All the staff were friendly and helpful from reception to porters. We would definitely use the Mont blanc again.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>FJJ
<Content>Great location Having just returned from three nights in this hotel with my wife, I would thoroughly recommend it to anyone. Great location off Pl. Urquinaona and easy to reach on foot from Aerobus (bus which runs from airport to Pl.Catalunya 3.90euro). Room was a good size, bathroom excellent with bath and strong shower. The room was even equipped with a fitness bike (perhaps they were trying to tell us something ). The staff were very friendly and spoke English and the hotel was spotless. Didn't eat in hotel as there were many restaurants close by, one just around the corner called Cafe Reunion which had an upmarket feel with very reasonable prices.The only downside to the hotel was our room faced the street and there was a lot of traffic noise even with the double glazing. On checkout I mentioned this and was told if I had complained at the start, they would have changed me to a rear pool facing room. All in all very satisfied.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Lukehead
<Content>Terrific location Just returned from three night stay at HCC Montblanc.Could not have a better, more convenient location for wanting to do alot in a short time. Very easy to get to from the airport using the Aerobus to Pl Catalunya. Cost 3.75E at machine right outside door of arrivals hall. Bus every 10 minutes. Can also purchase ticket on board if you have correct change. Machine accepts Visa/MC etc cards. Hotel is less than5 minute walk from drop off point but not in the middle of the hustle bustle of the major shopping area.Hotel is located on a busy street. If street noise (and it is a noisy street) will be an issue, ask for room at the back. Pleasant lobby area. There was an error in rooms assignment for our group but they quickly, pleasantly made necessary adjustment - everyone was happy.Room was very clean, pleasantly decorated, nothing WOW but more than met our needs. Actually more than we needed - never used the exercycle in the room. Weather was very warm and so was room. A/C turned off for winter season. We just opened the window for ventilation (room on 6th floor so security not an issue). Even with windoe open, street noise not bothersome. Heard lots of church bells and bords but didn't distrub our sleeping.Roomy bathroom. Very nice big bath towels. The shower curtain takes some finagling to ensure you don't wash the floor when you wash yourself. In room safe. Internet available in lounge area. Request password at front desk.Excellent cold breakfast buffet. Even Cava for those needing a little sparkly to get your day going. Breads, meats, cheeses, cereals, fresh and preserved fruits (excellent melons), local specialties (tortilla, Catalan bread), really good coffee, yoghurt, sweet breakfast pastries. More than ample selection. While no hot foods (other than toasts), if you can't get your fill here, I'm not certain you can be satisfed.There is a piano bar and restaurant in hotel but we did use. Small swimming pool open in season (could have been this weekend - it was warm!).We walked everywhere we went (Picasso and Xocolata Museums, Sagrada Familia, Casas Mila  Batilo, Cathedral, Musica Palau, Las Ramblas, Bari Gotic, Born neighborhood, harbor) except for a bus to Parc Guell. Probably could have walked there too but time was beginning to close in. Very good dining options in small neighborhood places going away from the touristy Las Ramblas. Seldom werethe menus in English but we did well with VERY rudimentary Spanish and polite requests for help from the locals.All in all, a very good quick visit.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>Janwar
<Content>Loved Barcelona The HCC Montblanc was absolutely brilliant. We stayed on the weekend of 5th Jan 2007. I had requested a bouquet of flowers and champage to be in the room when we arrived, as it was my wifes birthday, and it was all there with the champagne on ice.The staff are really friendly and helped us out with any information that we required.And the location of the hotel to everything is just brilliant, 5 minutes away from Las Ramblas and 2 minutes away from the Cathedral.For a weekend stay, we couldn't have asked for more.Keep up the good workThanksDave  
<Date>Jan 10, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Karen_and_Aaron
<Content>Good Value Hotel in Good Location       Room #212  
<Date>Nov 27, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	5	4	4	3	4	

<Author>1Fussy
<Content>Good City Centre Hotel Just stayed at Mont blanc for three nights November 06, Spotlessly clean, and well organised. Modern, but welcoming,we asked for quiet room, but needed window open for cool down as very warm for november, and had room on side, 322, this was onto an alleyway, and noisy, but if air con is working, window kept most noise away. matched its three stars. Pool had been emptied, and it is very, very small, more plunge pool description would be better. Excellent, buffet breakfast, with Sparking wine to have with juice. Coffee could have been hotter, but perhaps we talked a lot! Would recommend to anyone looking for decent three star level, it did the job perfectly. Extra charge for safe of 4 euros per night, excessive, given that Barcelona is apparently rife with pickpockets, we were warned several times by reps and guests.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mlp2
<Content>Great Location, friendly staff Located right near Las Ramblas and Plaza Catalunya, this is a perfect place to stay and explore Barcelona. Staff were very friendly, rooms were sufficient, and the small bar area is a nice way to meet fellow travelers. Drawbacks: hotel recommended expensive, not so great restaurant two nights in a row. Perhaps they share profits with the restaurant, but you are better off exploring the area and finding your own places to eat. Las Ramblas has a ton of places, especially going down past the market area (Boqueria). Also small side streets near hotel have tons of restaurants. Hairdryer in room was terrible, if you need to dry your hair, bring your own or be prepared to dry it if for awhile...(especially if you have long hair).  
<Date>Nov 9, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>candjv
<Content>Ideally located Have just returned from staying at this hotel for 3 nights on a winter getaway weekend with a friend. Faced with a long list of hotels for Barcelona, it was difficult to know which one was best for position, cleanliness, etc. However, I cannot fault this hotel, it was very clean, staff extremely helpful and friendly, buffet breakfast was excellent, huge range of choice from cereals, yoghurts, bread, toast, rolls, croissants, pain au chocolat to cooked eggs, sausages, etc. Breakfast was also open until 11.00am! Our room was fairly small but very clean and pleasant, maid service every day with clean towels, etc. The hotel pool was closed for winter but looking at it, I wouldn't bother getting wet - more like a large bath! The hotel has a restaurant for evening meals but not used much when we were there, there are many restuarants within walking distance. Overall, an excellent hotel with a superb location, 5 min walk from Catalunya where the hop on, hop off tourist bus stops, well worth paying for a 2 day bus pass (22 euros), as you can do the two routes, north and south on 2 consecutive days, getting on and off as much as you like, each loop takes about 2 and a half hours if you don't get off. Las Ramblas just near by too and two of Gaudi's houses. Would not hesitate to recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>GMMS
<Content>Great location, great value I booked this hotel by phone having found it on the Internet and got a very good rate - 100 euro for the first night, but it would rise to 140 euro for the next three nights. Decided to stay one night and decide then whether to move. The room was spotless, staff incredibly helpful and pleasant with advice re: metro directions, calling the bus company to check times etc. What impressed me the most was that I decided to book for the next three nights despite the 140 euro price and after booking, the manager voluntarily offered to give me the initial 100 euro rate for the entire stay. Would recommend it to anyone. I was travelling with my 11 year old daughter and we felt very safe. Pool, although small, a lovely place to relax.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Killie
<Content>really nice place to stay       Pool Area  
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Wease1
<Content>excellent Stayed at this hotel for 1 night before cruising. It offered my family all we wanted. We were able to take airport bus from airport to Catayluna Square and walk (once we worked out our barings!) to the hotel. Reception staff welcoming and helpful, room clean and bright, breakfast ok . Pool on rooftop is small but this was not an issue for us. Location ideal for either Barcelona on foot, metro or bus.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>D10S
<Content>Great location! Great stay. Wonderful rooftop/balcony views from our room. Room was just ok, but views made up for it. Great location, a couple blocks from the Ramabla and quiet, centrally located to everything.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ClaireG
<Content>Excellent Excellent location, presented nicely. Clean and comfortable. Staff very friendly and helpful. Pool was lovely area to chill after long day shopping! Will definately return.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LDULITZ
<Content>Great Stay My wife and I, ( both 27) stayeed here for 4 days on our first trip to Spain. This hotel is centrally located between the Barri Gotic, and other neighborhoods, and on a major street, which made it very easy to walk to places for sight seeing. The room was smaller than we were used to, but we have only been in US hotels, not European. The room and hotel were clean, and had no problem with us checking in at 9:00 AM. I would definitely recommend this hotel both for price and location.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Cubalibre26
<Content>Clean but noisy This hotel was very central, clean and the staff were friendly. Unfortunately, we drew the short straw and ended up on the 6th floor with a room overlooking the main busy road. With no double glazing, we were kept awake all night by the heavy traffic. The next day we requested to swap rooms and were given a lovely ground floor room overlooking the pool which was lovely. But we must have picked the hen party weekend - as again the shouting in the middle of the night kept us up.Ask for a quiet room here and you should be ok!  
<Date>Aug 3, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	3	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>macmtn
<Content>Good value and location, helpful staff Stayed here July 23-25 2006. Good central location. Room had relatively new furnishings, etc. and was very clean. Pool area is very nice. Very helpful and courteous staff, got us tickets to the bullfight same day we arrived. Only problem was the small and slow elevators. Paid only around $100 per night including tax. Highly recommended.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful hotel I would like to tell you about the wonderful hotel we stayed at in Barcelona before our cruise from Barcelona port on 26 June 2006. The Hotel HCC Montblanc was a very good hotel. The location was superb and facilities were excellent. On arriving at the hotel we were given our room cards and also a voucher for a free glass of Cava in the Piano bar. We found our room which was very nice and it also had a exercise bike in it. The room was very clean and big enough for the two of us. Having a pool was a godsend as the temperature were high and after a day of sighseeing we could cool off by the pool. The hotel position is very close to all the sites and is just off Plaza Catalunya. Everytime you entered the hotel we were greeted with a hello and a smile. On the last day we were leaving the hotel at 2pm we asked if there was a room we could leave our bags as we were supposed to have checked out at 12 midday. We were immediately asked what time we were checking out and given permission to stay in the room until we did so. They very kindly phoned for a taxi to take us to the port. The breakfast was substantial and very filling and was available till 10.30. The only complaint I have is that the toaster was useless and just dried out the bread but there were plenty of rolls and sweet breads to choose from. If you want a good, clean hotel close to all of the sights chose this hotel.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Tero Lehto
<Content>Very nice choice for a business traveller I stayed in Montblanc for four days during the 3GSM World Congress in Barcelona. I'd would sincerely recommend this hotel for all the business travellers coming to congresses, conferences, seminars, etc. in Barcelona.Montblanc was just 10 minutes trip away from the Plaza Espanya and Fira de Barcelona. Taxi trip was something around 7--10 鈧? so I didn't have to bother using public transport. In case I had wanted to use that, the tram connection is quite close by.For business traveller, easy access to Internet is definitely a big advantage. Montblanc delivers what it promises; all I had to do was plug my laptop to the network cable that was offered for free from the hotel reception.The room was decent, good air conditioning, TV, minibar and shower with warm water coming without problems.The breakfast was OK and I also ate in the hotel restaurant once, it was ok food for a busy traveller.The service was good, I got my wake up call as promised and they called me a taxi at 6 AM as I requested.While staying in February, the hotel swimming pool was of course closed, but in case I can recommend this for business travellers.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent in every way... This hotel is excellent in every way! Forget the 2 stars, it comes across as a 3 or 4 star hotel. Lovely and clean, polished marble and granite, mosiacs on some walls - just so nice. The pool is very small, but just right to cool off in after exploring the city on foot. So it wasn't a problem. We couldn't believe it was only 90 Euros per night! This hotel is only about 5 minutes walk away from La Rambla and about 15 minutes walk to Port Vell. Have a drink and some nibbles on the floating bar there. Great for people watching!My wife and I didn't have breakfast in the hotel as we found a lovely place where the sight-seeing buses stop, just opposite the En Courte Englais Store (excuse the spelling) called Beer  Coffee, great for breakfast and inexpensive tapas.We stayed for a week. Our room was fairly large, air conditioned and totally spotless. We ate out every night. So many restaurants in Barcelona, but our favourite one was El Gran Caf猫 on C. Aviny贸, near Pla莽a St Jaume.We would thoroughly recommend the Montblanc Hotel to anyone. We will definately be using this hotel again the next time we return - that's for sure!!!  
<Date>Jul 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>very suprised by its low rating on tripadvisor This was a marvelous hotel. Very clean and did great buffet breakfasts. Rooms were very nice and the bathroom was well sized. Staff were very helpful and the piano bar was a very nice place to have a drink. The pool was rather small, but as I was there to see the sites and not to swim or sunbathe, this didn't bother me. There were 11 of us on this trip, not one of us had a bad word to say about The Montblanc. Would not think twice about booking this in the future for a trip for my wife and I.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>ReviewerII
<Content>Excellent location and good value for money We stayed here for three nights in late May 06. The hotel is very central, 5 mins from Playa Catalunya, the gothic quarter and cathedral and El Born district where the night life and people watching are good. The port area is 15 mins walk. The hotel is well staffed with very polite and helpful people and they responded very quickly to requests such as extra pillows, etc without complaint and with a smile. They were very helpful in recommending hotels and giving advise on sightseeing. The hotel was very quiet especially given it's central location and has a lovely pool area which is a big bonus in a spanish city. We had a very good size room over looking the pool that was spotlessly clean. The breakfast buffet was of a very high standard although I'd avoid the hot breakfast option which took ages to arrive, was cold and frankly horrible and would be the only thing about the hotel I would be negative about. But as I say the buffet is great so there's no need to have it! The hotel is of good decorative order throughout and very clean in all area's.I'd stay here again and recommend it. Near to the hotel I would recommend a restaurant called Quixote which the hotel can direct you to and near Casa Battjlo, CERVESARIA CATALANA (Located in Calle Mallorca, corner with Rambla Catalunya ) is excellent for high quality Tapa's. Please watch your bags, bag theft is widespread and they are so quick, we had ours taken on the last night from a bar in the town. Cities!  
<Date>May 30, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Surrey 13
<Content>Good city break hotel A good value city hotel, which is near to all the tourist attractions. We had single rooms and they were very small, but ok. My room had a terrace off it which was lovely, but it would have been nice to have sun loungers, rather than just chairs. Room very clean. Bathroom modern and shower good . There was a bath, but too small to sit in. Room was overlooking the pool, and very quiet. Think if you were located at the front of the hotel it would be noisy. you need to ask for another pillow as the are very flat. !!Corridors do smell of cigararette smoke.Buffet breakfast was fine - usual continential, but you could have paid extra for a cooked breakfast. Coffee was excellent, but the water for the tea was too cold to make the bag infuse.  
<Date>May 23, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Hotel. Recommended. We stayed at Mont Blanc for 5 days in April 2006. The location is very central (3-4 minutes from Plaza de Catalunya), yet it was relatively less pricey. The hotel is clean and comfortable with friendly staff. We were extremely happy with our stay at the hotel.  
<Date>May 23, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Adequate for a city break Clean room, good size. Wierd pillows. Super powerful shower. Handy location. Our 1st floor room had a little patio, surrounded by a 7-foot wall which if you peeked over, would overlook the pool area (was a bit wierd and potentially noisy in summer).The walls also were a bit thin as we could hear our neighbours very clearly and loudly when they got back in the middle of the morning. A friend had a room overlooking the small lane at the back and said that it was quite noisy, with people walking by and from the Chinese restaurant nearby!  
<Date>May 9, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>ManhattanNYCity
<Content>The Montblanc" is a great hotel!! We stayed at the 鈥淢ont Blanc鈥?for 3 nights at the end of March. We could not fault this hotel. The location is brilliant. It is approximately 5 minutes to the 鈥淩amblas鈥?which is where there are a lot of street entertainers and places to eat and drink. In the hotel the rooms are clean, airy and comfortable. The bar is a great place to sit, chill out and have a drink when you鈥檝e had a busy day out seeing the sites of Barcelona. The staff were friendly and the foyer is beautifully designed with a mosaic styled wall. There are also a few small parks near the hotel where you can sit and relax and enjoy the wonderful atmosphere. The tourist bus stop is about 5 minutes away from the 鈥淢ont Blanc鈥?too. The breakfast in the hotel was great, with a large selection of food. This is a great hotel and I would definitely stay there again if I went back to Barcelona. Barcelona is a wonderful place and I really enjoyed my stay there.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>NYTraveler99
<Content>good Great location in Barecelona, central to all. However, the beds are uncomfortable, there are no clocks, and the showers are very difficult to use. The problems are more than made up for in the fact that this hotel has one of the best locations in arguably one of the most beautiful cities in the world.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>beechmark
<Content>perfect for city break right in the centre of barca This is a very good hotel for a city break in Barcelona. It is close (but not too close) to Las Rambla - about 5mins walk. The centre of Barcelona is within walking distance, as is the port, zoo area etc. Do note however that a lot of the attractions in Barcelona are quite dispersed. They do however have a good metro system and for the tourist, open top bus routes through the city - you can buy your ticket and hop on and off at every stop or stay on for the 2hr duration. I recommend the orange open tops which depart just outside Hard Rock cafe. They are much less crowded and no queues unlike red bus system.Hotel Mont Blanc is very clean, rooms are large for a 3star hotel. Air conditioning is excellent and certainly needed at the height of summer. Mini-bar is provided and tv with the usual news channels as standard. Bathrooms are modern and spacious. A major advantage the hotel has is a sun terrace and pool - very rare in the city centre. The pool is more of a plunge pool than anything. The only minor hotel complaint would be the reception staff - surly would not be in it! However if you let this ruin your trip then you're obviously usuing any excuse to find faults. The hotel bar and restaurant are always empty, only ever a few people in the bar later on at night as they return from the entertainment in the surrounding areas.Overall the hotel was clean, quiet and excellent value for money. Barcelona is nice but not one of Europe's many gems. Enjoy.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>BonnieBoo
<Content>Excellent Hotel The Hotel Mont Blanc is perfect for a short break in Barcelona. It has an excellent location, the rooms are extremely clean and the buffet breakfast is well worth having. I would reccommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good location, comfortable hotel Hotel is in an excellent position close to El Born, Las Ramblas  Place de Catalonia where the airport shuttle bus arrives  departs. The only issue with the hotel is the fact that its on a very busy road, so, if road noise disturbs you get a room at the back. 1st night we had no sleep but hotel were very accomodating  moved us the followng day - peace  quiet, bliss! The double rooms are at the front  twin bedded rooms at the back - so you can't have it all! Rooms are all a very good size  clean. Rooms could do with a bit of modernising, but nonetheless they are cosy  comfortable. The pictures onthe websiet are true to form. Hotel surroundings are very nice, although the pool is more like a large bathtub! I would stay there again, but only in a room at the back!  
<Date>Mar 21, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>fredd377
<Content>Good central hotel Good Hotel in excellent location - 5 mins from Placa Catalunya and Ramblas, plenty of restaurants nearby.Good breakfast, nice rooms, very clean hotel and friendly staff.Only complaint was the noise - 2nd floor at the front, we needed to buy earplugs. Should have asked for a change to rear room or high floor.Having said this, would definately stay there again.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2006
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good deal for the money The Montblanc is in an excellent location and is a good deal for the money. We paid 89 euro for a double. The rooms are decent size and clean, though they are a bit dated. The pillows are terrible. The employees are very helpful. The breakfast was OK.If you're looking for luxury, this is not it. But if you want a solid, clean hotel, then this is a good bet.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2006
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good base for the city Loved the location: you're right next to a metro station and the centre of Barcelona is 5 minutes walk. Plenty of bars, restaurants and attractions nearby. Try to get a room at the back as the front side is quite noisy from the road. Mind you, pre-requests will probably be ignored as they were for us.The hotel is a good standard, but the piano bar is pricey and has service without a smile. Just use it as a base. Swimming pool is closed out of season.Agree with the earlier comment about needing longer for the tourist buses: you can get a 2 day ticket for not much more than a single, and the two routes are completely different.If going out of season watch out for things like the cable car up in the hills being unavailable. The weather in december was mild but not warm.If you see a tapas bar with a queue outside it's a sign that the food is good. As tourists, you should be able to come back a bit later when the queue is less.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Mallika
<Content>Great Hotel Me and a friend stayed at the Montblanc for 3 nights and really enjoyed it. Great location as it is only a few minutes walk from the Ramblas and the room was of high standard and very clean. We even had an exercise bike but used it mainly for hanging our coats on! We had breakfast 1 out of the 3 days and wasn't very impressed with the food or the price. I think it was around 鈧?6.50 per person so you are probably better off going to one of the many cafes near by. They have a lovely piano bar but drinks can get a bit expensive. My friend ordered a jack daniels and coke and it was around 鈧?2!!! We were suprised how warm it was considering it was November but we didn't even need a jacket in the evening. Barcelona is a beautiful city and I can't wait to visit again and I would definately stay at the Montblanc again. There is so much to see. The red and blue tourist buses are great but ensure you allocate a day for each bus. Also I would recommend heading down to the harbour and beach as there are some lovely bars and restuarants. One evening we went to a gorgeous Restuarant/Music bar called Shoko which is down at Port de Olympic, Nice place to go for a drink as it is right on the beach. Highly recommend it.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>FORELAND
<Content>Excellent Hotel  This is a 3rd star hotel but def needs upgrading to a 4* by whoever assigns the rating. Pleasantly surprised at quality in an excellent location just 5 mins from La Rambla. Staff courteous and breakfast was very good for european hotels. Booked via Globespan airways but you can actually get good deals by going direct. Location in terms of view from room was not great but you cant have everything.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>1711
<Content>Great Staff !!!!! This hotel was wonderful, the rooms were great with balcony table  2 chairs the the location was ideal. The morning breakfast was lovely, and the staff at the front desk was excellent. Ladies this is a shoe shopper heaven have fun! I did. I would return to this hotel.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel, great location, great value!!! We have just returned from a fantastic 4 night break at the Mont Blanc hotel in Barcelona. The hotel is situated 2mins walk from the main square Playa de Catalunya where the airport bus picks up and drops off (great value 4 euros for a 20min comfortable journey) and where the 2 tourist route buses begin their journeys. The Ramblas is less than 5 mins walk from the hotel and there are many bars, cafes and restaurants within easy walking distance of the hotel.The hotel itself was excellent, modern and spotlessly clean. We were on the top floor (the 8th serviced by 2 lifts) and we were delighted to find we had our own large private terrace with table and chairs. The room was large, well furnished with plenty of storage, mini bar, safe, ensuite with bath and shower and exercise bike!!! We were booked on a bed and breakfast basis and the restaurant served a wonderful buffet breakfast from 7-11. There was a huge variety - cereals, juices, fresh fruit, cold meats, breads, rolls,cheeses, croissants, pastries yogurts and a hot selection of sausages, bacon and eggs. A great start to the day. The hotel also has a piano bar and swimming pool with sun terrace. The staff were very helpful and friendly.I would have no hesitation in recommending the Mont Blanc to anyone visiting Barcelona.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Mixed feelings We've just returned from 5 nights in Barcelona staying at the Montblanc Hotel on Via Laietana.The positive: the hotel is in a great location, 2 minutes walk into the heart of the Gothic Quarter, Las Ramblas and Placa Catalunya. The room was clean and there was a good selection of food for breakfast every morning.The negative: on arrival we were told that there was building work going on in one of the hotel buildings and that our room was not ready and they could not tell us when it would be ready. They sent us to one of the other hotels in their chain which was miles away from the centre of town in the business district where the nearest metro station was a 15 minutes walk away.We were not happy with this change at all as the main reason for booking the Montblanc was the central location.They moved us back to the Montblanc on the second morning, but only because we asked if our room was ready yet, I don't think they would have moved us if we hadn't asked!I believe that the hotel was actually overbooked on the first night and this was the real reason they moved us (and others) to a different hotel.This situation really ruined our first night in Barcelona and we wasted half a day swapping hotels. One other thing to note is that the hotel charges 25 euros per night for rental of the room safe key.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Corkman
<Content>Wedding reception in Montblanc         
<Date>Sep 26, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>superdad
<Content>Belive the reviews brilliant hotel Stayed at this hotel for one week with my wife and two kids. Very good central location and brilliant for the metro. I cannot fault this hotel it was spotless. The staff are very efficient and very helpfull. If you stay at this hotel you will not be disappointed !!  
<Date>Sep 7, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>very good hotel Just back from 5 nights at this hotel. Used Trip Advisor when booking so thought it only fair to share opinions with others. The hotel location is excellent, just 2 minutes walk from Placa Catalunya and 3 minutes from Las Rambla. Staff friendly and efficient, hotel spotless and great value in an area that felt safe and comfortable. No hesitation in recommending.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>cara16
<Content>Central location! Just back from a great week in Barcelona! We stayed in the Montblanc for one week. The hotel is in a central location - we got the aerobus from the airport (as recommended on this site) for 3 euro to placa de catalunya, walked down via fontanella and turned right down via laietana - only a few doors down. It saved us forking out a 30 euro taxi fare - nice not to get ripped off for once!In booking the hotel we found oh - barcelona to be a good website as it was possible to book our accommodation without the breakfast option (breakfast works out at 15 euro a head).At reception my boyfriend double-checked about our request for a double room as we checked in (we had read on some reviews that people had gotten two single beds pushed together, as opposed to a double bed). The receptionist quickly tore up the printout he was going to give us, and re-issued us with another room (another potentially annoying situation avoided!).The room was spacious (complete with double bed!) with a bright ensuite bathroom. The shower was really powerful. A hairdryer was also supplied - my only quip being that it is not strong enough to give a proper blow dry, so bring your own hairdryer plus adapter!. Our room was located on the first floor above the main hotel entrance on via laietana. My main gripe would be that via laietana is somewhat of a traffic corridor, and the traffic noise permeated the room constantly, but we got used to it. I had requested a room not on the street side in booking originally, (come to think of it I don't think the hotel had looked at one of our comments in the requests box!) but on the plus side our room was on the same level as the swimming pool which was nice as we didn't have to use the lift to get to it.The hotel location was really great - we were close to placa de catalunya to get the bus turistic and the little sidestreets on the right hand side were really bustling during the day with shoppers and full of restaurants at night time. These streets bring you onto Carrier d'Angel which has loads of shops Zara, Mango, El Corte Ingles etc. and will eventually bring you onto La Rambla.My main tourist advice would be not to eat on the Rambla full stop. Rip off central. There was an Irish pub across from the hotel called McCarthy's. They screen all the football and hurling games. The owner gave us some excellent recommendations of where to eat - Els Quatre Gats (The Four Cats) where Picasso went (40 -50 euro a head incl. wine) - a little bit on the pricey side but well worth it for a good meal and excellent ambiance. Milk also does good food (under Irish ownership) and La Rosa Negra which is a Mexican spot does an excellent lunch menu Menu del Dia priced at 8 euro per head for starter, main course and dessert plus drink on via laietana.I would stay in the Montblanc again and would recommend it to friends due to it's central location but I think that they need to be more aware of visitors' specific room requests, so check first when you are checking in!.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>excellent central hotel       Gaudi Temple  
<Date>Aug 17, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Everything great except the banging doors... Clean, comfortable and in a great location. We didn't go for the breakfast option, as found it too expensive at 14 euros each. The staff were friendly and helpful. Our only complaint would be the slamming doors throughout the night. This was mainly due to the inconsiderate occupants of the other rooms, but it could be helped by putting a different kind of spring on the doors (maybe?). Also, there was an unpleasant cigarette smoke smell on the level where our room was, but we noticed this all throughout Spain and France - something we're not used to here in NZ, where smoking has been banned in a lot of public places. Overall, we would definitely recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Mikeleeds
<Content>Barcelona Montblanc Very Clean comfortable hotel Very clean comfortable air conditioned hotel. Good size rooms. We had a triple room and it had an excercise bike and still room to spare. Terrace and small outdoor swimming pool was great for relaxing after a day being a tourist. Central location ideal for everything. Friendly staff. Good buffet breakfast. Tea making facilities in the room would have been nice, but there was a mini bar and otherwise couldn't fault it. Would definitely stay here again if in Barcelona and would recommend it to anyone.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good hotel, Good location Nearly kept this hotel a secret but as we made our decision based on other reviews, felt that was a little unfair! We stayed at the end of June and we were so grateful to have the pool to dip into after a sticky hot (enjoyable) day, even if it was small. Would not hesitate to go back. If you are a first timer to Barcelona, want an efficient hotel, good sized rooms that are clean, comfortable and quiet plus a great location then this is the hotel to go to!  
<Date>Aug 1, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>docfar
<Content>Comfortable room, great location. We stayed at this 3 star hotel in central Barcelona for 3 nights July 2005. The hotel is at the top end of Via Laetina, just a short walk from Placa Catalunya and all it's transport connections. It's even closer to Urqinona metro stop on the red line. The top end of Las Ramblas is not far either.Our room was one of the biggest standard rooms I have stayed in and was clean and tidy with a comfortable bed and adequate storage space. There was a modem point to connect your laptop to the internet if needed. There was a TV but CNN was the only English language channel.The bathroom was small but again clean and with a powerful shower. Our room was at the back of the hotel overlooking one of the narrow streets of the Barri Gothic. One night bins were being collected at 1 am, so it was quite noisy for a couple of minutes, this was a minor point over all.A buffet breakfast was served from 7am to 11 am. It was OK but plentiful and ideal to stock up for a long day of sight seeing.The staff were helpful and spoke reasonable English, they also have a supply of tourist maps, so you can pick up a new one each morning if you've lost or scrunched up your last one. One the whole this is an excellent hotel for the price and well located for the metro, aerobus, bus turistic and las ramblas.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>r0bertb
<Content>Unfriendly staff, miniscule pool, some very dark rooms Check in took ages, staff never smiled. We were given a room at the back of the hotel which had almost no light, though we were finally moved to a good room on the front of the hotel with a balcony. A room with double bed actually means two single beds pushed next to each other, so insist on a kingsized bed if you don't want a crack down the middle. The picture of the pool on the website is deceptive, it really is not much more than a large tub. Not sure why the hotel had such good reviews, but location is good  
<Date>Jul 18, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fanatastic location The Hotel Montblanc offered excellent value for money at 119 euros a night plus 7% tax. The hotel offered us modern clean and efficient service along with a varied breakfast menu that served until 11am. The late breakfast is a great idea in Barcelona as the nights are so late in the Med and we were sometimes eating dinner at midnight and snacking during the day on wonderful Tapas. The location of the hotel was perfect for easy access to all the sights, shopping and beach. All of which were within walking distance of anywhere between 10-30 mins. For some sights that are further away or on a lazy day we chose to use the Metro, which is one of the easiest and most efficient metro systems i've used, I should know, I live in London! A Metro stop is opposite the Hotel and another stop at Pg de Gracia which has more lines available is 5-7 mins walkLas Ramblas is very close by and anyone looking for cheap but quality food in an attractive Plaza off Las Ramblas would enjoy visiting Les Quinze Nits, Plaza Reial, off Las Ramblas, nesrest Metro Liceu. There are queues outside from 8.30pm, doors open at 9pm, don't be put off by the queues as they move very quickly and the food is varied, i.e. Carpaccio of beef, rissottos, pasta dishes. The service is fast, so don't expect a long meal, the restaurant remains cheap because of the high turnover of tables.A visit to Port Olympic either by day for the beach and restaurants or in the evening for dinner, (especially seafood) drinks and partying is a must. Prices of drinks here in the evening are VERY expensive, 20 euros for two drinks.There is so much to see and do that a long weekend is just not enough, I am therefore planning a longer trip next year to take in all the sights I missed.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lovely Hotel in good location We stayed 4 nights in mid May in this lovely hotel. It has a great location right in the centre of Barcelona but yet quiet at night. Our room was very spacious and spotlessly clean. We felt this was excellent value for money.Breakfast was not included but there were plenty of local cafe bars close by where you can get breakfast for 鈧?.00. Barcelona is a beautiful city but be aware of pickpockets. We witnessed a bag snatch in a park in the middle of the day - a very unpleasant experience. This episode reinforced advice we had received from other visitors about being extremely careful with personal belongings.We enjoyed our stay so much that we will definitely return to Barcelona and will stay in this hotel.Dublin Couple.  
<Date>May 22, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Zangreen
<Content>Great Central Location But Quiet Too My wife and I stayed at the Montblanc for 4 nights in April 2005 with our 2 teenage children. Our rooms were at the front of the hotel so there was a certain amount of traffic noise but no more than would be expected in the centre of a lively and vibrant cityand it didn't disturb us at all. In fact we rather liked it. We heard no noise from other guests either and although the hotel was busy at breakfast time and appeared to be full, it was also quiet. Rooms were a good size and comfortable and the bathrooms had power showers. Each room has an exercise bike so you can build up an appetite for breakfast. A pianist plays in the bar most nights. The location is great - just a few minutes walk from the bustling Ramblas and the buzzing Placa Catalunya which is the main hub for all forms of transport. The 2 day tour bus pass is especially good value and goes virtually everywhere - don't miss any of the Gaudi architecture, especially the Parc Guell, the Sagrada Familia and La Pedrera. The breakfast wasn't particularly Spanish but was very substantial and had everything you could want, and we also ate in the hotel's own restaurant one night where the set menu with wine was good value at 18 euros for 3 courses and wine. One option was roast shoulder of kid but we didn't go for that. We were topped up with several rounds of cava ( very drinkable ) but that may have been down to the waiter's attentiveness to my daughters. All in all, this hotel couldn't be faulted for location and value for money.  
<Date>May 1, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Clean  Stayed at the Montblanc for 3 nights after reading some very good reviews on Tripadvisor and wasn't dissapointed. The hotel was just a few minutes walk from Placa Catalunya, for shops, open top bus tour stop and the top end of La Rambla and in the other direction the catherdral. Breakfast was included in the price and was absolutely delicious with an unbelievable choice. The room was spacious and clean with comfy beds. Only 2 down sides, firstly that I booked 3 rooms on the net and requested rooms overlooking the pool area. They completely ignored this and were not even aware when we checked in. They only had 1 room left overlooking the pool. Secondly the drinks in the bar and mini bar were horendously expensive (4 drinks cost almost 30 euros in the bar) Once we realised this we had our nightcaps elsewhere.The reception recommended a flamenco night, The Cordoba located on La Rambla and this was excellent. At first we thought it a bit pricey, 60 euros each but this did include a 3 course buffet dinner, which was lovely, all our wine, cava or beer and the show which was fab, so really well worth it.Would definitely go back to Barcelona and this hotel. (Just a word of warning however. As we checked in someone had had his wallet stolen in the town; we (4 ladies) experienced an incident when 3 children about 10 yrs old tried to take a purse from us, without success; I had heard of a mugging in broad daylight in a local park; so please take care. Also there are beggers on just about every corner)  
<Date>Mar 30, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great location Just had an easter break in barcelona at the hotel Montblanc. The hotel wasexcellent - very good sized bedrooms and bathroom. Staff were very friendly and helpful on reception.The Continental breakfast was very extensive - with a very varied menuOnly problem was traffic noise - being on the second floor it was quite noisey with the Spanish car horns!!Would definately stay there again -good value for money.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Iginia
<Content>Central, bright,clean  For a 3* superior hotel Mont Blanc was well above average. We did not swim or have a meal in the evening there but if the Breakfast was anything to go by then I feel the evening meal would be excellant too. Very clean  well comfy beds with our room looking down directly onto a busy street (we were on the 6th floor) but as the room is double glazed not a sound was heard.Lift or stairs took you to where you wanted to be. Attentive  helpful staff  an excellent position to the main square of Placa Catalunya  The Rambla.(wow what a place)We could fully recommend Barcelona as a vibrant  alive place,colourful  not to be missed. We mostly tried to eat where the locals did  found that the city has more to offer than just paella. Very easy to get to via the airport bus on arrival  we found many helpful locals whenever we stopped to check our map! The biggest asset for us were very comfortable walking shoes. We would happily stay in Mont Blanc again  
<Date>Mar 6, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Brilliant Hotel, Excellent Location Just returned back from a 3 night break in Barcelona - stayed at the Montblanc Hotel. Hotel was brilliant - clean, rooms nice and large. Ideally located for Las Ramblas  Gothic area. Lots of lovely cafes just round the corner from the hotel where you could get a coffee  croissant for about 3 euros. Would definitely stay at the hotel again.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved It! We just returned from a two night stay at the Mont Blanc (Jan 14-16, 2005). The hotel was very clean, rooms spacious with mini bar, safe and free DSL internet hook-up in room. We paid 90 Euros a night, and booked through the tourist office, found the staff to be very friendly and helpful - they were more than willing to point us in the direction of nice restaraunts and called ahead for us to reserve a table. Also, were very good in helping us navigate the tourist hotspots. The only thing I would recommend is that you don't pay extra for the buffet breakfast, they charge 14 Euros for it and you can find breakfast much cheaper within the area. Cute little cafes right around the corner where you can get a pastry and coffee for less than 2 Euros, if you want a little taste of home there is a Starbucks a few blocks down the street and a Dunkin Donuts right around the corner.  
<Date>Jan 17, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>saltairetripper
<Content>perfect hotel stayed for 2 nights in the montblanc and could not fault it, good breakfast, spacious room, nice bar and as nice as any 4 star hotel we have stayed in.would go back to this hotel without hesitation.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>fabulous hotel Was thoroughly delighted with all aspects of this hotel. The location was perfect, a bus from the airport dropped us at Catalunya Square which was a 5 minute stroll to the hotel.The room was very large, clean and comfortable. Would highly recommend the breakfast, a massive choice was available and should you wish you can fill up several times over!!As a top tip as you leave the hotel and turn right, about 50 yards down there is another great place to eat - a massive choice of hot or cold buffet for approx 拢7 a head.This hotel is 5 mins from Las Rablas and only 10mins to the harbour. WOuld definately stay here again on my return to Barcelona!  
<Date>Dec 3, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent location, nice hotel Just come back from a four-night stay at the Montblanc, and we wouldn't hesitate to stay there again! It really is in a superb location, close to everything including the Metro. We found the staff really helpful, the breakfast buffet set us up for the day and the room was a good size, clean and comfortable. I didn't get to try the pool as we were too busy seeing the sights when it was open!  
<Date>Sep 20, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Dave03
<Content>Good location Stayed 16th-20th August. Had room overlooking the pool at rear of hotel. No problems with thin walls or noises from adjacent rooms. Staff on the front desk were more efficient than friendly. However, some were more helpful than others.Not convinced that the breakfast was good value for money. Ate out most mornings. Watch out for extra costs - you had to pay a daily rate of 3.5 Euro's for the key to the room safe.Overall, good value for city centre location. Would consider staying again next time I visit Barcelona.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2004
<Rating>4	4	-1	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>EileenD
<Content>Great hotel We visited Barcelona in August 2004 as part of a party of six and were very pleasantly surprised by the Montblanc. After reading some mixed reviews on TripAdvisor, we were a little apprehensive, but left with a very positive opinion overall. The rooms seem to have been refurbished quite recently, and our rooms were at the rear of the hotel, overlooking the pool. It was very quiet and I'd recommend that any future guests ask for rooms at the rear with a pool view. The rooms themselves were of a very high standard which, in our opinion, exceeded that of a three-star place. The breakfast, which was part of our deal with Globespan, was excellent. The food was very fresh and there was a great choice of juices, yoghurts, cheeses, meats. fruits etc - the usual continental fare. In terms of location, the Montblanc is quite close to the marina and is about a five minute walk from the Barri Gotic and Las Ramblas. The only gripe we had was that the staff were a little snitty. However, we found in general that the people in the tourist business in Barcelona weren't as friendly as those we've encountered elsewhere in Spain.If I were to return to Barcelona, I'd stay at the Montblanc again - it's great value for money.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Kristina_Merolli
<Content>Great stay! My fiance suprised me with a trip to Barcelona for my birthday, we stayed at the Mont Blanc. I am surprised that it is listed as only a 3 star hotel. The room was very nice and clean, the plunge pool on the terrace was so refreshing and thee staff were all very friendly. I would stay here again and would not hesitate to reccomend it!  
<Date>Aug 4, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hits and Misses HITS:a) Perfect location: Epicenter of Barcelona activity --Plaza Catalunya, Passeig de Gracia, Barrie Gotic; La Rambla a block away. Urquinaona subway station 100m from hotel -- 2 stops from seafood haven Barcelanota.b) Spacious rooms -- traveled with family. were provided 3 single beds -- 2 were connected a la King size + 1 stand-alone. Even with the 3 beds, kids had lots of room.c) Free internet connectiond) Well-airconditioned considering June weatherMISSES:a) 1 day out of 5 days of stay hot water disappeared.b) Very thin walls -- knew what time neighbours came back from post-midnight partying. Street-fronting rooms = free traffic hum.c) Reception -- sense of indifference. Very transactional. Service without a smile. All in all, for the price of 100 euros per night, would stay again. For do-it-yourself travelers who want a more than decent place to stay, this is it.   
<Date>Jun 10, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent hotel on top location Just returned from a 4 night stay at HCC Montblanc.This is a great hotel on a top location; 30secs to metro, 5 minutes to Las Ramblas/Cathedral.Staff was extremely helpfull (especially when you bring up the topic of football (Barca, Ajax)).Only negative thing was the prive of breakfast which we found too expensive (14 EURO). We took out breakfast outside in the street.Parking is 15 EURO a day which is a very reasonable price.I will return too this great city and will most certainly stay at the HCC Montblanc.  
<Date>May 4, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Clean and Modern I really like this hotel - very clean bathroom, contemporary lobby and they had a secured parking garage with a private entrance. We left some suitcases in the car without any problems. The hotel is also walking distance from the Las Ramblas, the Cathedral and a block away from the dept. store El Corte Ingles. Also in close proximity to several reasonably priced restaurants and tapas bar.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>anonislis
<Content>Good hotel for the price, and walls are thin yep!   showReview(1748975, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 28, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Walls are thin !!   showReview(1723116, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 13, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Kitbit
<Content>great location   showReview(1668380, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 25, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A great place to stay   showReview(1617835, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 28, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Alan_SAFC
<Content>Excellent choice!   showReview(1512307, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 10, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic hotel, Fantastic location!   showReview(1507469, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 5, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jcborange
<Content>Very Nice    showReview(1440567, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 6, 2003
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>WAtraveler
<Content>Great place and location.   showReview(1355442, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 24, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Place to Stay!   showReview(1225465, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 13, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sireworld
<Content>Hotel muy c茅ntrico y c贸modo.   showReview(22834803, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 18, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	5	3	3	5	

<Author>Sara033
<Content>Hotel perfetto e vicino centro   showReview(21617687, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>Tenerife-Suecia
<Content>Muy c茅ntrico y c贸modo para turistas   showReview(20864311, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	5	3	3	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Soddisfatta della scelta dell'hotel   showReview(19650149, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>accueil tres desagr茅able, chambre impersonnelle et tres bruyante aspirateur d猫s 9 heures du matin   showReview(18536807, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 5, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Jederzeit wieder   showReview(18536806, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 3, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>cordialit脿 e ottima accoglienza   showReview(17429779, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 19, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>h么tel tr猫s bien situ茅 pour visiter la ville.   showReview(17429778, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Toplage,kann man jederzeit buchen!!!   showReview(17429777, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 1, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tres bien plac茅   showReview(16605437, 'full');   
<Date>May 18, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Super emplacement pour d茅couvrir Barcelone   showReview(16605434, 'full');   
<Date>May 15, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>rapport qualit茅 prix convenable   showReview(16605436, 'full');   
<Date>May 12, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Jederzeit wieder.   showReview(16605428, 'full');   
<Date>May 11, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>E' stata la nostra prima volta...   showReview(16732472, 'full');   
<Date>May 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>ottima locazione per visitare Barcellona   showReview(16605435, 'full');   
<Date>May 6, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bien situ茅, confortable mais un peu impersonnel   showReview(15566858, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>A conseiller   showReview(15566856, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 14, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>gutes Hotel in zentraler Lage   showReview(15566855, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Si nous revenons visiter Barcelone, nous retournerons dans cet h么tel   showReview(14728875, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s satisfait   showReview(14728874, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 5, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>H么tel conforme 脿 nos attentes   showReview(13983592, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 26, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>personnel tr猫s sympatique   showReview(13983590, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 15, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr gute zentrumsnahe Lage   showReview(13201551, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 13, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>3銉勬槦銉涖儐銉仹銇勩仌銇曘亱鍙ゃ倎銇儧銉嗐儷   showReview(19167406, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 1, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Voyage d'agr茅ment. ok premier...   showReview(11409921, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>L'h么tel Montblanc est tr猫s bien...   showReview(11409923, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bon mais un peut ch猫re   showReview(11301978, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 31, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottima esperienza hotel ben...   showReview(11409924, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>gute Lage   showReview(11443711, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 17, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>un bon emplacement, avec garage.   showReview(11443713, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 10, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>L'hotel 猫 un po' caro ma 猫...   showReview(11409925, 'full');   
<Date>May 31, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>E'un buon hotel con personale...   showReview(11409926, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>H么tel tr猫s bien situ茅 dont certaines chambres laissent 脿 d茅sirer   showReview(11399223, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 15, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	2	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>nanacoco
<Content>bon hotel a conseiller   showReview(7161691, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 14, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel molto pulito e...   showReview(11409927, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 13, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>une bonne escale pour visiter Barcelone   showReview(11387495, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 8, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Discreto il rapporto qualit脿...   showReview(11409922, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 8, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tres bien situe. Bon personel. A safe bet   showReview(11369089, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 16, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Zentral und ohne Beanstandung   showReview(11358271, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sono rimasto veramente colpito...   showReview(11409928, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 1, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Niente male,ben posizionato e...   showReview(11409929, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 14, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>L'hotel 猫 pulito e...   showReview(11409930, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 19, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bon h么tel dans l'ensemble. Pas...   showReview(11409931, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 11, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr茅s bel h么tel, mais accueil...   showReview(11409932, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 2, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Considerato che a Barcellona...   showReview(11409933, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 3, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>El hotel est谩 muy nuevo, muy...   showReview(13397744, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 19, 2003
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Le principal d茅faut 茅tait le...   showReview(11409934, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 22, 2003
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

