<Author>Merdad
<Content>Simply fantastic. Fantastic staff, very kind and polight, the hotel is in a wonderfull wooded area, we enjoyed the walks. The service is always great, rooms are clean with forest views, I have been to this hotel 2 dozen times and there is something about it that makes me go back. I have never booked in advance and have always simply driven there when I have landed in Frankfurt and have always got a great price. Of all the hotels that I have stayed at through out Europe,for some reason this one feels the coziest.Thank you to all the staff and management, keep up the great standard you have set.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ECL
<Content>GREAT, RARE VALUE for a Hotel near FRANKFURT I stayed here for a one night stopover before catching a flight out of FRA the next day. The rates were superb compared to staying at other FRA airport hotels; my rate was nearly 4 times lower than the Sheraton Airport, although this place is much farther from the terminals..Checkin was fast and efficient and, as a previous reviewer has written, they give you a drink amenity if you are a Priority Club member. The room I stayed in was small by American standards but everything worked and it was clean. There was air conditioning, it was working, but the ventillation was poor so that fortunately, I could open the windows and getter better air circulation and cooler air could enter the room. I dont think this would be as nice however in the hotter summer.The bed was very nice for me; very firm mattress, clean, crisp sheets and lots of working space for your computer and reading. Not alot of towels, however, and I arrived after the maid service but if you go down to the health club, there are towels there.My room did not have a tea/coffee service and I missed that.Other people have written about the outstanding breakfast and my experience was no different. LOTS of great cooked hot food as well as breads, fruit, cereals, etc. Friendly and efficient staff in a bright and cheerful eating area overlooking the garden. In my view, this breakfast was better than the much more expensive Sheraton Airport.The hotel is situated near a great park area with plenty of walking/hiking/running areas so for me this was perfect. The health club was a bit disappointing as it was small and there didn't seem to be any running machines.You have a complimentary shuttle service to and from FRA so for those of us on a budget, this hotel, considering the above average cleanliness, quiet location, and efficient staff make this the BEST value I have seen for a hotel near the airport.  
<Date>May 31, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	4	3	

<Author>White-Chino
<Content>Nice Stay At Holiday Inn Frankfurt This was one of the nicer Holiday Inns I've stayed at. Service was impeccable with friendly staff at the front desk, housekeeping, restaurant and bar!Rooms were nice and clean, but WARNING to those who are allergic to downe, the pillows and blankets in this hotel are all feather. You must request for hypoallergenic blankets  pillows.Continental breakfast at this hotel is SUPERB! It's a full hot buffet with N.A food to German food to fresh fruits to hot meats and cheeses..YUM!The hotel is not centrally located but the front desk staff is especially helpful when it comes to taking local tram systems to get downtown. There are nice trails beside the hotel as well.  
<Date>May 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>BavarianBound
<Content>Nice hotel My husband and I just stayed at the Holiday Inn Frankfurt Airport North last Saturday night (May 10, 2008). I booked the hotel online after reading reviews and looking at the hotel website photos. Although I wasn't thrilled about paying 11 Euros to park in addition to the room bill, that seemed common with German/Austrian hotels. The hotel is located close to the airport (about 10 minutes away), but it is in a nice, quiet, wooded area off the road. The check-in was quick, and because I had joined the Holiday Inn club, we each got a free drink (beer, sparkling water or juice). The room was labeled an Executive Double. It was large with a king-sized bed. We had a view over the Biergarten, which was nice. The bathroom was large with a full tub. The only problem we had with the room was that the air conditioning didn't cool the room much. It was okay since it was early May and it wasn't very warm out, but it would have been a problem if the weather was warmer. The room had complimentary sparking waters and juices, as well as some small treats. It also had a tv (with English and other channels), a pants presser, a coffee maker (which is unusual), a desk and an alarm clock. Very nicely stocked. My husband used the gym and commented that it was small and some equipment was not working, but it was nice to have something. The Biergarten was wonderful! We had dinner and some beer that evening and met some fun fellow Americans. The breakfast buffet was the best we had on our trip, even better than nice ones offered by hotels costing nearly twice as much. It was huge and had a great variety. The lobby had two computers with internet access, but we did have to pay for 45 minutes worth (for 5 euro, I think). Overall, this hotel was a very good value, and it was more than I expected. Definitely join the Holiday Inn club online, which only takes a minute. It was a nice place to stay on our last night.  
<Date>May 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>gpissio
<Content>Good location,nice restaurant, I stayed yesterday 29 Nov. and I left without any satisfaction. First, the hotel needs an immediately restoration, especially with the prices that it charges. The room was spacious though but with a noising air conditioning,plumbing had also some faults, but the breakfast was excellent . Nevertheless, they additional charge you for the car parking in the hotel's yard with no security. That is a bit of a beggary in my book!  
<Date>Nov 30, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>isubh
<Content>Be aware double charges. Never stay in this hotel Don't pay in cash.They will still charge your credit card claiming you did not pay cash. And they will wait untill you leave few days and then charge you.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2007
<Rating>1	4	2	1	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>AGTraveller
<Content>Not the most accommodating I am at the hotel right now and primarily because I had to spend a night in Frankfurt in transit. As someone else wrote, this hotel is supposed to be close to the airport (the reason I chose it) but it麓s out in the woods. The hotel does offer a free shuttle service to and from the airport. However, be aware that the service from the airport stops at 10:45 PM and if your flight arrives after that time (as mine did, due to weather) you are on your own. Be further advised that a cab ride from the airport to the hotel runs 20 Euros! For a full Holiday Inn the accommodations here is sub-par. In my room there is no radio clock, no shoe-shine kit, no sewing kit, etc. Everything comes with a high cost (4.5 Euros for 45 minutes of Internet access, 5 Euros for a bottle of water, etc.) and because you have no alternative you have to pay what they ask.On the plus side, the room is clean and the shower is good, and the breakfast buffet is very good. But I am paying dearly for a 14 hour stay.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>psymn
<Content>Nice hotel, good if you have a car to return This hotel is much better on the inside than the outside appearance. The rooms are trimmed in nice wood and are larger than most European Hotels. I actually had a king size bed, not 2 twins pushed together!The hotel is about 10km from the airport, which makes the time between shuttles long. The bus is small, but I had a car to return, so this was not an issue. The location is in a forest and away from everthing, except the trains which run behind the hotel. This is not a huge problem, since most airport hotels are noisy. The breakfast is pricey, but that's to be expected in a business hotel.Last word, If you have a rental car to return, this hotel is a great value and not too far away.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	3	3	

<Author>ikaganov
<Content>Stay away or get food poisoning I stayed in the hotel and had dinner at the Brasserie restaurant. After the dinner I felt extremely sick and had all symptoms of food poisoning. When I asked about a medicine to a night clerk to ease the symptoms, I was told that the personal is not allowed to give anything to guests. In the morning during the check out, when I mildly complained to an attendant, Mrs Vogel, she did not even apologize and only directly asked credit card. Moreover, she apparently did not have a custom to use word please in sentences. Furthermore, the shuttle service only runs every half hour and takes only 4 people. If you miss it, you shall have to take a taxi, which costs about 20E from airport. The hotel bed is uncomfortable and pillow is so thin, that I needed to put some clothes below pillow to be able to sleep.They also added 3E charge for using telephone (toll free numbers)! And note that the price 108E per night does not even include any sort of breakfast.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	1	3	2	1	1	

<Author>stinger22
<Content>Bad I have to see I canceled one of the nights we where staying there. Guess what they charged the first night anyway. $137 dollars for a night I didnt even stay. As for staying there I yet do see but paying for a cancel two weeks prior to checking in is crazy.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ckonstan
<Content>Too far away from the airport The hotel sounds like to be near at the Airport, but really to far away for that. The room is okay, but you have only a climasystem for the room and the bath has been too cold for me. The bed is good and I like the nice wood furniture of the room. Service is not very good. Order slips for breakfast have been missing, but they brought it fast too the room. The bad thing has been, that they forget the breakfast and didnt bring me the things which I really like to have. The windows look blind, so you havent really a nice look into the forrest near to the hotel. Strange, that the room service knocked two times before 9 a.m. for the door. Too early, I think.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	2	3	3	2	3	

<Author>agarcia21
<Content>Good Value; hotel and environs Frankfurt: Express by Holiday Inn - Airport, a value for the money Langener Strasse 200 64546 M枚rfelden-WalldordDate: June 21, 2006Reviewer: A TripAdvisor member from Boston, MA.This is a very nice hotel that offers a good value for the money. I just attended the World Cup and stayed at the hotel for one evening prior to my return flight back to the US. I wish I had stayed there longer.First, the rooms are very clean and appointed nicely and efficiently. The lighting was well conceived. Second, there are a couple of small lakes within walking distance of the hotel and are very nice to relax or take a jog around. Also, while the hotel offer little for dinner, there is a great Italian restaurant about one-half mile from the hotel and one can reach it by walking via a nice tree lined road. Finally, the breakfast was terrific. It has lots of choices and availability.The hotel offers a van to and from the Frankfurt airport. At the airport one may connect with the trains (Bahn) into Frankfurt and the surrounding areas.The hotel is not close to town, but if you have a layover, want to be close to the football stadium, are looking for a good deal, or are there for an extended business trip on a budget, this is highly recommended.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>coogs76
<Content>Seen better days I went to review the hotel as a venue for a conference, as they have good conference facilities. The hotel should be a 4 Star, and I have to admit that they were hardy reaching three. The rooms were small and dated and in serious need of a makeover. The halls were dark and musty smelling. I like to gauge a hotel by its lifts, they had not been updated since the building was built in the 70's and I was worried about the noises it was making. It didn鈥檛 give me any confidence.I was not at all impressed and there is no way that I would expect my meeting delegates to stay there. I had a look into be breakfast / lunch buffet area, which was a nice large area, but the food did not look appetising.I had to cancel my booking with them.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2006
<Rating>1	2	1	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>JKD
<Content>convenient/good price for airport hotel We needed an overnight hotel near the airport. The room was compact and clean and typical of the hotels in this price range. It is located 10 minutes from the airport; the shuttle comes every 30 minutes. Service at the front desk was indifferent, bordering on rude. But, for what we needed, it was acceptable.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>LondonJetsetter
<Content>Bad experiences - avoid this one!       Sign above main entrance  
<Date>Jan 11, 2006
<Rating>1	4	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>BAMW
<Content>Great Deal! We stayed at this hotel the night before our trip back to the states. I have to say that I was impressed by how nice the rooms were. I used my priority club points to pay for the night, but I don't believe it was any more than $120 Euro, if that. The hotel has a bier garten with decent food and beer.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>QuickToTravel
<Content>Good Deal for Airport Travelers We recommend the Holiday Inn Frankfurt Airport-North to our air visitors and we ourselves also overnite at this spacious and modern hotel whenever we have an international flight in or out of Frankfurt. The reason is because it is substantially cheaper than other Frankfurt hotels near the airport (especially in the off season and when reserved far enough in advance). The hotel is a good 15 minutes by car from the airport, so that one has to take the regularly running hotel shuttle bus to and from the hotel. The shuttle only runs from 5 a.m. to 11 p.m. so that not all flights will be covered by that schedule and a taxi may have to be taken for wee-hour flights.For the price, this hotel is an excellent deal and provides a very good overnight option for air travelers. Service at this hotel may occasionally not be as good as at some of the pricey posh hotels, but then the price is much lower, so that you get what you pay for.We have found the staff to be generally friendly and helpful. We have found the meals in the bar to be good, although, as noted by other reviewers, you have to watch your prices here, as anywhere. Again, we rate this hotel as an excellent bargain for the price when compared with the competition.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Unhelpful staff, misleading information When I looked at reviews online, I did not see a bad one so I booked at the hotel. In fact there was only one, I wish these others had spoken up earlier before the stay. I sent two email messages to book a hotel, but none was returned. My wife stayed and arrived in the evening, and was leaving in the morning. She only needed a clean place to stay, and a shuttle to the airport. The times were specifically stated in the two emails, not returned and on the phone arriving in the airport.The ride to the airport was over 30 minutes, the only thing I can think is the distance listed was the distance a bird flies and not the actual driving distance or it was the distance from a portion of the airport but not the distance from where a person actually gets a ride to the airport.Once she arrived, because my wife had a morning flight, was informed that there would be no breakfast because she was leaving too early and no taxi because she was leaving too early. This is an airport hotel whoose shuttle does not match normal check in times for catching a morning flight. She was offered a ride back to the airport, but it was gettting so late that there would be no chance for sleep.The hotel staff told her the trip to the airport would cost 18euros, when it actually cost over 30euros. When you add in the cost of the taxi and breakfast this hotel was no longer a bargin. When asked why they did not tell her any of this information before arriving, the person at the front desk just gave a dumb look and did not answer.Make sure if you stay at this hotel, that you are not leaving on a morning flight and leave alot more time for getting to the hotel because it is further away, at least in time than they imply. I think we know why, it is because she would have not made the decision to stayDo yourself a favor, pay the extra and stay at the Shearaton on the airport if you have an airport flight. I stayed there before. You will not have any rush to the airport because you can walk there, and the difference will be made up by not having to pay for the taxi and the breakfast is extensive.I tried to get a bargin, and it ended up not being worth it. Do not make this mistake yourself.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2005
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beware For an airport hotel, the location's not bad. They offer free shuttle service to and from Frankfurt airport, which is about a 10 minute drive. But, beware--the hotel has its problems. The room I was assigned to was supposed to be a non-smoking one but it had a strong smoke odour with tell-tale signs of cigarette ash stains on the carpet. When I asked for another room at the front desk, the attendant offered to have housekeeping spray the room with air freshener instead. It seemed to have done the job until it wore off a few hours later and then it was back to the smell. When I used the washroom sink, I noticed that my feet were being sprayed with a water, and when I looked down, there was water dripping from the sink drain pipe. For a quick fix I placed a facetowel on the pipe and another towel on the puddle on the floor. I didn't bother reporting this after the reaction from reception staff re the smoke smell. I left it up to housekeeping to discover the wet towels and puddle on the floor; but of course, they seemed not to have taken notice. After two nights I was so happy to leave, but having booked a seat on the 5 a.m. shuttle, there was no driver and no shuttle when I was ready to leave. The desk attendant had to recruit one of the bellhops to drive me to the airport. Needless to say, I'll be looking for other options next time I'm in Frankfurt.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>EricG
<Content>A good airport hotel, but watch for what you鈥檙e charged. While typical, this is a better-kept airport hotel than most. It performs its role well, that being a convenient place close to a major airport for one night stays and business conferences. Our room was bright, functional, and clean. Dinner at the restaurant was pretty decent for a Holiday Inn. My only complaint was that too many things cost extra and were in some cases exorbitant. For example, the hotel charged for parking even though the parking lot was outdoors and very spacious; a bottle of water in the restaurant cost an astonishing 鈧?0; and breakfast was automatically added to our bill even though we didn鈥檛 have any. As long as you remain vigilant about extra costs, this hotel serves its purpose quite well. I鈥檇 stay here again simply for the convenience and relatively upscale ambiance.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Betina
<Content>I will not stay at this hotel again We booked in advance the hotel for 1 night for a week-end rate of 35 euro per night and added one more night for 69 euro. We arrived aftera long flight from California and had 3 heavy suitcases. No one at the hotel came to our assistance (we are an older couple) there was no porter (Sunday). We got a small room near the elevator and asked to betransferred to a quieter room. This was done and when we found outthe bed lamps did not work and the phone neither, the receptionist felt a bit bad and promised an up-grade as there was no one to fix theproblems (Sunday). We were upgraded to a bigger room with a promise also to get twice a morning newspaper. The next morning we left early the hotel as we had some meetings in Frankfurt and came back late in theevening. Could not check into our room, the reason? By mistake they locked the room. No newspapers on both mornings. The staff was polite but not very courteous. We wrote a complaint to the hotel headquarters (in our room we found a card asking guests to complain if something was not to their satisfaction) as we got not reply till today, I decided to post this review. I would not go there again.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I'll be back! Having read the glowing reviews, it was a little disappointing to arrive on a warm Sunday evening to find a closed biergarten and a small, though adequate, room overlooking the car park.But the forest setting is really delightful - great for a pre or post work stroll. Try an early evening walk to the Gaststatte Oberschweinsteig - turn right out of hotel entrance, walk for ten minutes then turn left at the sign. Lovely bucolic restaurant and (open!) biergarten.Back at the hotel, the Monday evening barbecue was a treat - great food, great value.It's something of a hike to downtown Frankfurt, but a ten minute walk either to Oberschweinsteig or in the opposite direction, brings you to a tram stop, and Frankfurt's excellent public transport system. You can reach the main station in half an hour.Real bargain rates can be had in the off peak. For a stopover or weekend break you could do a lot, lot worse.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jules17
<Content>A must for a frankfurt stopover!!!! Wow, we had to overnight in frankfurt on our way to dubai and i found this hotel on the net for 鈧?3.00 for the double room. i knew the hotel was near a forest and about 15mins from the airport but for 鈧?3 i wasn't sure what to expect.when we arrived in frankfurt the holiday inn shuttle bus was there to bring us to the hotel. when we went into our room i was amazed at how nice the room was. it was large, clean, really nicely decorated with a great view of the beer garden.we went down to the beer garden for dinner and a few drinks. the food was lovely and the garden beautiful.i would highly recommend this hotel to anyone overnighting in frankfurt. it may be a bit to far from the city to stay any longer but i think there is a train station nearby.i will definitly be staying here if i have to overnight in frankfurt again.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>So Great, I Felt Guilty! This past June ('04) I (single female) had to overnight alone in Frankfurt in order to meet the rest of my party coming in from another country the next day. I searched the 'net in April yet, and was astounded to land a deal, a promotion for a single room for not even 30 Eur. (when everything else in the city was at least 100 Eur.) I snatched it up (ie paid in advance by Visa)... but wondered the whole time what on earth I had done. What would I find... mice? broken doors? all-night noise? No, to the contrary, IT WAS WONDERFUL. The hotel's airport van was driven by a pony-tailed, cheerful, courteous young man with great driving skills to boot. He drove his passengers up to a gorgeous new hotel just a few minutes away from the airport. The lobby was large, new and inviting. The room was truly luxurious: huge single bed, new bedding, great mattress... TV that, with remote, filled you in with all the many services that hotel offered... bar stocked very well with snacks and drinks (which of course I didn't dare touch, having checked the prices posted therein)... no odor at all, plenty of storage. Everything was sparkling clean and very quiet. I phoned the lobby staff a few times to doublecheck about some options like ironing and currency changing and renting a cable for my laptop, and they were the most courteous people you can find. Had a great sleep, and next morning, after a breakfast in one of their restaurants (an amazing buffet), I was tickled to have the same driver get me back to the airport. With great trepidation, I waited for my Visa bill....and no, everything was fine -- the final cost was just what had been promised. This more than made up for one dreadful experience I had in Frankfurt ten years ago. Thanks, Germany, and thanks, Holiday Inn, for a great evening.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>O hotel 茅 muito simples mas...   showReview(20974794, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Louis28
<Content>閮ㄥ眿銇岀逗楹椼仹銇椼仧   showReview(19361873, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	3	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>绌烘腐銇嬨倝杌娿仹锛戯紣鍒嗐仺...   showReview(21801025, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 30, 2006
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈儭銉偒銉炽偪銈ゃ儣銇繎...   showReview(19919679, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 15, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

