<Author>NHMommy2
<Content>A great family trip!! We spent the week of December 20-27 at the Barcelo Punta Cana. I traveled there with my dad, husband, and 2 children ages 11 months and 3. I had read the reviews of this resort before we left and was scared to death that we were going to end up at a total dump, but it was quite the opposite. We had an amazing time and the resort was beautiful. We had a late arrival, and check in went very smoothly with the friendly staff at the reception area. They came to know us and would greet my children by name whenever we saw them. Our rooms were the renovated ones, so no complaints there. We did witness several people at reception trying to switch from an older room. Our room was gorgeous--nothing huge, but large enough to fit myself, husband and the kids. And our view was of the pool and ocean. What a sight first thing in the morning!We spent the majority of our time at the pools. My daughter loved the kids' pool with the waterslides. She had such a blast playing there. We also enjoyed the pool (I'm not sure the name of it) near El Marlin restaurant. It had a gradual entrance, so my kids were able to play there in the shallow water. All of the pools were beautiful and very clean. We never had a problem finding chairs and only on 2 days did we have to wait for towels. The food was delicious! We mostly ate at the Alcazar buffet, simply because it was the easiest to do with children. I was very nervous about finding food that my kids would both enjoy, but I never had a problem. We ate very well!! I've seen in some reviews that there was mostly Dominican food here, but I think otherwise. There were many things to choose from, of all ethnicities, and I was glad that there was some Dominican food there to try. After all, we are in THEIR country. We also tried a few of the restaurants. Tokio was our favorite. Even though we had our kids with us, we did make it to the bars several times. The bartenders at the swim up bar were wonderful. Always friendly! We also loved going to the bar near the Alcazar. The bartenders there had great personalities and had fun showing off while flipping bottles around in the air. A fun place to hang out.We made it to the theater once or twice. It's a very nice facility and the shows were cute. As for other activities, there's always something going on. You can pick up a schedule at reception each morning, but just know that they are always on island time. Nothing ever started on time, but that was no big deal to us. The staff was very friendly. If you go there knowing a few words in Spanish (hola, gracias, por favor), it will get you far. We always tipped the sweet girl who cleaned our room everyday and she kept our refrigerater stocked with water, soda, and beer. We had such a great time at the Barcelo Punta Cana. Sure, there were things that could have been nicer and if you are the type of person to pick things apart, you're going to find bad things about anywhere you choose to go. Just keep in mind that you are in another country...don't expect everyone to know English! And you also have to remember that you are on island time there. No one is in a rush, but then again, neither were we!  
<Date>Jan 9, 2009
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>crm807
<Content>Great Vacation! We stayed at the Barcelo from Dec. 18 - Jan. 1. We flew Air Transat and did not have any problems with our flight or transfers. We were checked in very quickly and found our room in Block 6 without any problem. Our welcome package included 6 reservations for the a la cartes - all of which we used. Our favorite was Tokio - and we didn't really care for the Steak/Seafood one. The buffet restaurants had a lot of choice although with the gala dinners over Christmas and New Years, we did not have too many 'buffet' nights. One thing we did not find out until our last day was that the Tex Mex restaurant is open as an a la carte over the lunch hour and no reservations are required. This would have been a nice change. The grounds were fantastic and the pools and beach were great. You could walk for miles along the beach! We spent most of our time at the pool with the swim up bar. We never had any issues finding chairs near the pools or on the beach. The entertainment in the evenings isn't all that great and the disco is a little dark and dingy. We spent most of our time at the Lobby Bar as that seemed to be where all the action was late into the evening. Overall we had a great experience - met some wonderful people from all over the world and had a relaxing vacation!  
<Date>Jan 8, 2009
<Rating>4	4	3	3	4	4	4	3	

<Author>hookfuji
<Content>Mixed feelings about Barcelo Premium Travelled to Barcelo Premium with husband and teenager from Dec 24 to Dec 31. Flew Skyservice from Toronto. Plane and bus to resort were fine, no problems. Upon arrival we went to the reception area which had 2 staff and no customers. After a few minutes one of the staff took a box of envelopes and directed everyone down a hallway to a table where we were all checked in. This seemed a bit odd as the reception desk was available. Anyway, we got our key and told the bell boy our room numbers. The hotel is really big and is one long curving building. It is very easy to get lost as you lose your sense of direction. They should have more location maps posted throughout the building. Also some of the elevators do not go to the top floor which is confusing. Room: We found our room 4424 and it was facing the driveway and the loud flock of geese. The room was okay, but we did not want to spend the week facing the driveway and listening to the geese. We went to the reception and were told that we could move the next day. By this time it was about 6:30 pm so we decided to go for dinner and think things over. Buffet was okay but nothing special. Had some small lobster if you waited in a long line up. Service was pretty good. Decided to go back to reception and check out our options. We noticed a sign listing the price to upgrade to the renovated rooms. Found that we could upgrade immediately as the rooms were available. Price seemed reasonable $15.00 per adults and $10.00 for child per night. So we ended up paying about $280.00 US for the upgrade for a week. It was well worth it. We checked out a couple of rooms and selected room 3447 which had a view of the main pool, fountain and you could see the ocean from the balcony. The room had a king bed and we requested and got a single cot very quickly. We moved in and got settled. Lots of towels, also blue beach towels were in the room. Toiletries, coffee maker and supplies, hair dryer, bathrobes, safe (no additional charge), lots of hangers, flat screen TV, iron and ironing board. Safe worked great and was big enough for a laptop. Bar fridge was well stocked and refilled daily. Room was cleaned daily and we left $2.00 US each day. Pool: Main pool was closest to our room so we only went there. Really nice and never busy. We were able to find chairs everyday. Swim up bar was nice and we were impressed that the bartender, Keylin remembered our names and favourite drinks each day. We gave him a tip on the second day and got great service all week. We walked to the quiet pool and the kids pool and they were very nice. The kids pool was really neat with slides and fountains. Noticed that the main pool is in shade by about 4:30 each day as the sun sets behind the building. Beach: Absolutely beautiful. You can walk for miles. Water was clear with no rocks. The waves were very big and both my daughter and I were hurt while swimming when we were knocked down by a couple of huge waves. My daughter chipped a couple of teeth and I cracked a couple of ribs --- so be careful! We had some rain nearly every day, but when the sun came out it was great. Food: Mixed reviews on this. Main buffet had a lot of Dominican style food - beans, goat, rabbit, stews, rice, fish. The pool buffet was popular for breakfast and lunch. Breakfast had a good variety everyday with pancakes, french toast, pastries, cheese, yoghurt, breads, fruit, etc. Tables were cleared and reset very quickly. Only complaint was they frequently ran out of basics like bacon, pizza and fries during busy times. Specialty restaurants were really good - Tokio was our favourite. We did not do any tours as we just wanted to relax during our week. This was our 9th trip to Dominican Republic. We have been to La Romana and Puerto Plata, but like Punta Cana the best due to the wonderful beaches. PS: Moon Palace is being built to the left of Barcelo Premium and we walked over to have a look. This resort is huge, but is no where near being finished - maybe in 2010.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kymballoo
<Content>Great Holiday - Please read this informative review! We stayed at this hotel between the 15th December and 29th December 2008, and had a great holiday and was overall really happy with the resort. I do feel that many of you come on here to have a moan and not be helpful. I have never written a review before, but feel I can give you all some handy tips and good advice to ensure your holiday is as good as ours was. I felt that some of the reviews were really harsh and worried me before I went - so please make sure you read on..........Main tip: There are two parts to this hotel - one has been recently refurbished, the other part has not yet been done. I spoke to people in the 'not updated' rooms, and this is where the problems arise with airconditioning, dampness etc. Please note this is not throughout the whole hotel. I knew this in advance before I booked, and put a request into my travel agent and emailed the hotel in advance of the holiday to ensure we were in the right block on our arrival. You must ask to be in BLOCK 3. The rooms we had were great (room 3207/3220/3218), very clean, modern, with sea views, walk in showers which were always hot (you may need to run them sometimes for a while first), 6ft very comfortable beds, the cleaners were great (we tipped them each week $5). We did have a problem in the beginning with noisy air con, but we told the reception and we had the 'fix it' man at our door within half an hour and then it was really quiet. Also, this is not a 5* resort as advertised by some travle agents, so don't go thinking that it is as your expectations will be too high and you may be disappointed- however it is a good 4* if you get a good room. On arrival we had a quick check-in at reception. Again we made sure we were in BLOCK 3 before we went to our rooms, and our cases were taken up very quickly. The weather was hot with the odd shower which passed very quickly and we all returned with great tans.The hotel is large with 4 floors and lifts, and runs along the beach front with easy reasonably flat access to the beach. The water was blue and the beaches were white with lots of parasols and shade areas if you want them. There is no sea weed or anenomes. There are two really nice large pools which were great with plenty of beds and parasols. The pools are clean and the grounds are tidy. Tip: Clean towels rarely hit the towel hut before about 12pm. There is a childrens pool which had slides swings, water shutes etc in the shape of an octopus and children seemed to be a having a wale of a time!The bars and the staff at the bars were really friendly. A good tip is to find a bar man/woman and try and stick with them and give them a tip every now and then. You will find once they know you they will make you feel very welcome and they are really friendly. Manuel in Bar 1 is great! There are premium drinks available, but you will need to ask for them. These will not be given automatically - although the local rum is very good and extremely potent! Just ask for a Cuba Libra!!!!!!Food: You will receive pre-booked restaurant reservations. We went for 2 weeks and we probably had 5 restaurants booked on our arrival. On our first night we ate in the Main Buffet restaurant the Alcazar. The main buffet in the evening was 'OK' .There was a lot of local dishes which I could not eat. The fish isnt brilliant. There is a nice pasta area, there is lovely cheesy mashed potato, and the desserts were good. I am not saying that the food in the main buffet was poor, but I think it could definately be improved upon with more choice for European/USA and Canadian visitors. Breakfasts here are really good with large choice - beware of the queues for the egg and omlette counter. Service here is a bit hit and miss, sometimes you get friendly staff that are very attentive, sometimes not. The problem mainly caused as there are no self service tea and coffee machines, so you are relying on waiter/tress service which sometimes proves a little slow as the buffet restaurant is so big.What helped to make our holiday so good was that out of 14 nights, we were able to book a speciality restaurants for 12 of them. There is no guarantee you will be able to do this, we may just have been lucky. Tip - They say they will only let you book for the same night, and that the restaurant booking desk opens at 9am in the morning every morning. I think this depends on who you get serving you as we asked one chap if we could book for future nights, and he let us. There are some really nice restaurants. The best we all felt and in order of best to last are as follows: The Tokyo (fab - a real show and great atmosphere where they cook the food in front of you), the Mirador where we had Tex and Mex (recommend the fajitas and the Steaks), the Italian (the fillet of beef is good) and french restaurant. The Fish restaurant wasn't all that, but OK. The one to avoid is The Cancon - The Dominican. This was awful, and we didnt think the food was good at all. Entertainment - We felt this was very amature. But I must also say in its defence that this is our 4th time visiting the Dom Rep and we have been to 4 different hotels (4  5 star) and the entertainment in each of them has not been great. From speaking to others, it seems to be the same in all hotels, not just this one. It is a real shame as they have just built this fantastic theatre complex which is very impressive. There is a climbing wall which is a real challenge for all ages, and we watched the trapeze which looks really good (couldnt pluck the courage up to go on it though!). There is an entrtainment room there with pool table, table tennis, air hockey and board games etc. My husband used the Gym - he said even though the equipmeny wasnt very new, it was air conditioned, and enough machines to have a decent workout.There was six of us and we ranged from 38-70. We all had a fab time and a great holiday and made loads of friends. My final round up is as follows: Yes, this hotel isnt perfect, but what is? We had a great time, but you must make sure you get the right rooms to start. This will make or break your holiday. Remember, this is not a 5* hotel as some agents are advertising, so dont think you are getting a deal as it is cheaper than others. It is probably at most a 4*. A holiday is what you make it! Book as many restaurants as possible - but not the Dominican. Tipping the cleaner and bar staff will ensure the service is of a higher standard. Finally, be friendly and relax - the dominican people are lovely, and will repsond to you as you treat them. I am sorry this is long, but I had a lot to say. If you would like any other info, please dont hesitate to ask. I will put some photos on here in the next few days. Have a good time, and dont worry. We loved it!  
<Date>Jan 2, 2009
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Susan4Paul
<Content>Needs a lot of improvement Our family of 4- 2 teenage boys and my husband and I have done a lot of travelling to all inclusive holidays in Turkey, Tunesia, Mexico and Panama. Although the grounds and beach are very nice, the rooms were below standard for the money that we paid. The air conditioner leaked and it was finally fixed after 3 days of complaining to our representative from Canada. The rooms were also very tired looking. We could have upgraded to a better room for $15.00 US/person per day (we had 2 rooms) but decided against it as we weren't prepared to pay the extra money. All of the rooms should be at that standard. I was told that the rating was given for the grounds and not the room status?? Overall the food was very good and we really enjoyed the a la carte restaurants. The people that work there were friendly and full of smiles but abrupt when they talk to you. Instead of saying would you like some coffee, they say coffee? The bell boys are very pushy and will try to force themselves on you to help you with your luggage when you don't want them to. Having a knowlegde of Spanish is helpful and being willing to try to communicate in Spanish goes a long way to better service. Overall I would not go back to this hotel. Overall it is fairly clean and pleasant place but needs a major overhall to the rooms.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>itscoldhere
<Content>Would I return...NO!! We just returned yesterday from this hotel. I had been following the reviews before we left and I know that everyone had a different point of view, different expectations. This was my 7th trip to the Dominican, so have been to some very good hotels and some not so good. I went in being objective as to what to expect. Arrival at the hotel: transat is supposed to have a separate check in, and they do, but there is no indication at the front desk where it is, you just have to get in line and wait...and wait...and wait. Eventually someone from transat showed up and directed those that booked through them to a different area of the hotel, which there were no signs to indicate this. After that check in was fine, except one of our rooms was not ready, which was fine, we put all luggage in one room. When we did finally get the other room, it was facing the back dumpy area of the next door resort, the bedding was soiled, the room was dirty, we called for service and of course they said someone coming right away. Half hour later called again, still no one came. The next day we asked for different room, which they gave us the NEXT day, no questions asked, there are tons of people changing rooms. Food: the buffet was fine at first...very repetitive. The Tokyo a la carte was the best overall. The italian was good, the french was also good. The service in these a la cartes was great too. The ala carte that is served in the Marlin (I dont remember what it was since we didnt end up eating there). We sat there for half hour with people being served around us, that had come in way behind us. We ended up leaving and going to the buffet late to scrounge up some food.The pool and beach are great. Pools are well maintained. The tide is very strong at the beach and its also very windy but beautiful none the less.The resort is very spread out, takes couple days to figure it out. Yes there are things going on every day...somewhere....just takes some figuring out where the action is. You have to know exactly where to look for this information or you are out of luck.There were 4 in our group, and at some point we all ended up with stomach problems, whether from the food or drink, probably a mixture, as the non drinker also had problems.This hotel is fine for someone that has never been to a real 4 star hotel as this one is not. Would I return to this hotel...No!  
<Date>Dec 29, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	2	1	2	1	1	

<Author>anglandry
<Content>Hate We booked with transat holidays and this is the worst place to go!!!!we were sick the whole time room was BAD bugs everywhere nothing worked no service if you are thinking of going there DONT!!!  
<Date>Dec 28, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	1	1	1	

<Author>Darling1221
<Content>We missed our flight due to false information from hotel. Someone from this hotel (BArcelo Premium), left a hand written note, on a Hotel stamped paper; under our room door saying someone was going to pick us up at 5pm on our departure date. We waited at the entrance at 5 and no one came to pick us up. i called Club Caribe and they said we had to get to the airport ASAP . We had to pay our own way to the airport because the people from the hotel and travel agency were not taking responsibility. Once at the airport they told us our flight left at 5pm!. The hotel gave us false information. No one wanted to take responsibility at the airport as well. We had to be on top of the American Airline people there. First thing they said was that there was no flights till another five days. We were stuck in the airport for houRSSS! They told us to go back to our hotel and talk to them.From the airport we were told the hotel was going to give us a free night. The airport was not paying for our taxi BAck to the hotel. With firm requests, various pleads, and then demands, we finally were able to get a taxi which club caribe provided. When we got to the barcelo premium we spoke to the manager and he did not say he agreed with a free room.. It was four of us and his agreement was for two people free and not us other two.. We were waiiting in the hotel for hours!.. We were making calls to expedia, and american airlines for hours in the hotel too.. NO one helped. We had to make our own arrangements. We had to pay 1400 more for flights back which we on our own behalf found for the next day.........We are still in process for a dispute with expedia.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mauigirlLansing_MI
<Content>had a great time.....       view of ocean from our room  
<Date>Dec 27, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>ivyridge
<Content>dont go here... ever There are not enough words to explain the ridiculous events which occurred during my stay at this resort. First off simple things such as showering became a hassle because the water would be turning off and on warm and cold by itself the entire time. I really hated the smug faced the staff would give when asking them simple questions like were the restaurants are located and/or what time certain places open... There are people who set up shop at the main walkway connecting the first pool and side stores all the way to the main steps which you come down to get to the beach. The people who set up shop here would not leave any tourists alone and when bargaining would say things like I have many kids to feed and other problems in their lives. I don't believe that should be said especially at a resort. The shows were pretty boring and loud with not to much work put into them...etc. I have been to many different resorts as well as another one in Punta Cana which was amazing. I have never had this situation any other vacation I have been on other than at this resort. I had my brand new $500 camera stolen with a pair of pants right out of my room which I was sharing with 2 friends. I could continue talking about other negative things that occurred in this resort but I believe I had said enough. Overall never go here unless you like losing items spending a lot of useless money and going to the only club they have there with barely anyone there in the first place...!  
<Date>Dec 25, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	2	2	1	2	2	

<Author>calgarytravelor
<Content>Relaxing vacation       Great activities  
<Date>Dec 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>kimmy1986
<Content>Do Not Go Here!!! Save yourself the money I am going to give you our experience exactly how it happened and you can decide if you would want to stay somewhere like this.....We just got back last nightWe got to the hotel to check in and they basically ignored us and told us to stand off to the side. After a couple minutes someone who barely speaks english comes and checks us in at this table off to the side, not even the front desk. Our room was not ready, so they told us to go to the restaurant, but didnt tell us where it was and they walked away. We tried to get them to tell us when our friends would be checking in but they wouldnt...The bell boy then walked our bags to our room...we walked down these dirty, dark hallways..very creepy. Our room had a good view, but it was dirty. The bed was very hard and they didnt even have a full fitted sheet..our legs and feet were on the bare matress! The 'mini bar' was barley stocked and was not cold. the shower had almost no water pressure and would go steeming hot and freezing cold every 30 seconds (no joke). The TV didnt work, it was just all fuzzy and the clock didnt work. Because the clock didnt work, we would call the front desk every so often and ask what time it was, most of the time we would get put on hold, transferred around and evenutally hung up on (this happened many, many times). Most of them also did not speak English. The 'main bar' by the pool has horrendous service. The bartenders would just ignore us. The first night we got there, we were standing there waiting (for about 20 min) and my boyfriend finally said excuse me to the bartender and she barely acknowldged him and when he started ordering drinks, then she walked away while he was in the middle of ordering and went to talk to the other bartender. She didnt make our drinks and just continued to have a conversation with her friend. At the seafood a la carte, we waited at the front door for about 10 mintues while all the workers walked by, ignoring us...we finally sat ourselves, and when we saw the manager walk by we said excuse me and he held his finger up to his lips and said shhhh. I was appauled. they did the same thing to the next couple that came to the restaurant. The tokyo a la carte was really good. The best food and service we had all week! The salad appitizer is really good! the italian restaurant was good too.There is only ONE buffet restaurant in the whole resort. It is open 7:30-10:30am...12:30-2:30pm....and 6:30-10:30pm. I personally think that the buffet was not open for long enough hours and the only other place to get food during the closed times is thesurf and turf snacks, which were disgusting. DO NOT eat the burgers there, they are never cooked properly and DO NOT eat the fish burger, my boyfriend chipped his tooth on a huge bone that was in it. I heard several other guests complaining about the food too. The selection at the buffet was also very poor, the food was almost unedible. I have seen others complain about the food at other all-inclusives, but have never had a problem with the food, but TRUST me, the food at the Barcelo Punta Cana is very poor quality. There were almost never any clean tables to eat at, and no one asked us for drinks, so you had to find your own cutlery and go get your own drinks. The beach was gorgeous and the pool was nice too. They only have one stereo system there, so if they are playing music at the beach, there will be no music at the pool and vice versa. The entertainment workers were VERY pushy to get you to play games to partake in activities. I was perfectly content watching my boyfriend and his friends play beach volleyball, but I had 3 separate male workers come up to me and harrass me to be part of a bikini contest, the second two that come over grabbed my arms and try to pull me over. I was so angry! I saw them to this to other girls too. Unexceptable!At nights, there were vendors set up on the resort to that you HAD to walk through them to go from your room to the restaurants. They were very agressive. I do not think this is a place that vendors should be. I was really surprised that the hotel would allow this.At the Casino they tried to cheat us out of $15. The other couple we were with was playing Black Jack, and the girl in the couple set aside $40 worth of chips that she would not play with...she did not want to lose the $40. When she went to cash it in, they gave her back $25, saying that is all she had. After we argued with them for 5 minutes, the finally gave her the $15. Also, DO NOT PLAY the 'bonus bingo'. We saw two different couples get scammed big time. One lost $5000, the other lost $14000. You need to get to 100 points and you acumulate them quickly, both these people got to 99 point with a large jackpot (over $50000US). They kept playing because all they needed was 'one more point', but they never got it of course...and once your in $1000, how can you stop? Excursions: DO NOT go on the excursions. We did the dune buggy one where the pictures show you going through jungles and on grass and on the beach and it is supposed to be 4 hours long...they take you there on a sketchy truck in the middle of a very poor area. While on the buggies, the do not give you goggles or any eye protection. you drive through this poor town to this 'cave' area with vendors set up all around. Kids run up to you and try to get you to buy all these things and if you say no they pout. As you are walking to the cave, vendors are constantly harrassing you. It is horrible! You leave this area to drive through the poor town again and they take you to a beautful beach, but they only let us stay here for 10 minutes. then it was over. It was about 45 mintues in total!! I couldnt believe it!The next excursion we went on was the marinarium. It looks cool in the pictures, but its is not what it seems. you go on a boat and they drive out to an area to take you snorkelling. There was next to no fish or anything in the area, but there are nurse sharks and mantarays in an enclosed cage area....not what i expected....you only actually snorkel for 25 mintues, then you drive around on the boat and listen to very loud music. the give you a very gross sandwhich you make yourself out of stale bread. All in all, this experience would make me never want to return to the Dominican Republic again. We were all excited to go home to Vancouver!! I have never been excitied to leave a trip! I would definately NOT stay at this hotel if you would like to go to the D.R. Other people I met on the plane/in the airport said the Gran Bahia was very good...I would stay there instead, or go to Mexico.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	4	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>Holiday07Rotherham
<Content>varied standards We travelled to the Domincan on 24th November, returning on the 1st December.We had a wondeful relaxing holiday with sun every day so returned home with quite a nice golden tan ready for Christmas. The good, was the pool - both the quiet pool and entertainment pool, the gardens are lovely to walk around and the beach is clear of seaweed, with white clean sand and plenty of sun beds. the waves were quite strong but hubby enjoyed the challenge - as a note on this we saw lady being saved - she was very distressed and the next day as we walked into the sea there was a young girl under water - don't know what might have happened if my husband hadn't scooped her up quickly - so be careful. Agreeing with the other reviews, the food was hit and miss -with the Pasta and Omlettes being really tasty but other foods not so appertising. however we managed to eat every day so not that bad.Room standards were very disappointing, deffinately the worst rooms stayed in in the carribean, we paid abit more and travelled further in anticipation of alittle luxury - luckilly the weather made up for it but had we had rain the rooms were really dull and dismal - we did have a nice view of the pool area though.As with other reviews, during the 7 days we only had toilet roll, two bath towels and hand towels once - the other six days at least one of the latter was missing - one night we had to towel dry with a flannel and the floor mat with help from the hair dryer although we had requested towels twice with the domestic staff and twice with customer relations! On a positive note we did find the staff very friendly, helpful and cheerful especially in the main restaurant, bars and entertainment staff. I have a different opinion of the domestic staff.I would not return to this hotel - the Sirenis cocotal and tropicale was far superior to the barcelo premium further along the coast.Also noting another travellers comments, we also had problems with the infight entertainment with Thomsons - according to their air stewards - we must complain to Thomsons to get them fixed, so please do complain to them if this happened to you.I would visit the Dominican Republic again the island is beautiful and so are the majority of the people.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2008
<Rating>3	2	1	5	1	3	1	-1	

<Author>Mrsomalley
<Content>Not a Premium Hotel but we still had an incredible vacation 5 female friends stayed at Barcelo Premium Punta Cana Oct 31 to Nov 7. The resort itself had many problems but we still had a wonderful time.We reserved 2 oceanview renovated rooms with 4 beds and a roll a way bed. The view was incredible but there were only 3 beds. One rooms was changed very quickly. We were told the other room would receive the roll a way bed. We decided to freshen up since we had been travelling for more than 12 hours. The power went out in our room. Only in 1 room. We called the front desk to have that taken care of while we went in search of food. The buffet was closed. The ala cartes were closed. We wandered around til we met Raniel from the entertainment staff. He directed us to a small grill that had hot dogs, mystery meat and french fries. They were out of hot dog buns.We explored the resort then returned to our rooms to unpack and get dressed for dinner. Power had been restored but we still did not have the roll away bed. Once again we lost power in our room. It took more than 3 hours to get it restored. When the roll a way bed arrived it was actually a filthy wooden door with legs on it. This was not acceptable. The assitant manager was not willing to resolve the problem to our satisfaction. We wanted a room to accomodate 3 adults in their own beds. This is what we reserved and paid for. She told us that the only rooms with 3 beds were suites and that we did not pay for a suite. I told her that we did not pay to sleep on a wooden door and that we did pay for a room with electricity. She was willing to move us to another room for the night but we would have to deal with the hotel manager at 9am the next day.We moved to our new room. Now we are in a different section of the hotel from our friends. We are also right above the open air buffet. So we listened to pots, pans, dishes and silverware clancking til 11:30pm and it started up again at 5am. After a call to our travel agent back home, we went to see the hotel manager at 9am only to be told that he won't be in until 4pm. We spotted the assistant manager we spoke to the previous night. Today she was very accomadating. She let us tour 2 available suites. 1 was dungeon like with a king bed for 3 people. The other one suited our needs perfectly. We lost our oceanview but we did have a view of the fountain and the party pool. The new room was not without problems. No matter how much we tipped we never had enough towels. One morning we were awoken by the sound of rushing water. There was a waterfall coming out of the ceiling in the bathroom. Good news was it was landing in the bathtub.Overall the food was not good. We lived at the pasta bar for dinner and loved the beef stew at lunch. We ate at Roma. It was just ok. We enjoyed Marlin so much that we made a second reservation. We wanted to try the other ala cartes and were able to get reservations without a problem but the menu choices did not appeal to us.The hotel should not allow the local vendors to come in 3 nights a week. They are very aggressive and annoying. The hotel gift shops are not impressive. We did go to Plaza Blanca. We were really disappointed with the shopping there also. Lots of junk and they try to rip you off.Enough with the negative. We had an incredible vacation despite the hotel. For us it was about having a great time with our friends. We also met lots of wonderful people who we are still in contact with. We will be returning to Punta Cana in January to visit our new friends but we will not be staying at Barcelo.The beach was incredible and the pool amazing. Wilson the lifegueard was very attentive. I can not say enough good things about the entertainment staff. Adlo, Algenis, Raniel, Franklin and Gregorio are great at their jobs. Beware of a ballerina named Sandy. He kept asking me friend for money.The team that works at the trapeze and trampoline are awesome. I wish I could remembe the girl's name. One night in the disco she approached us because we were not dancing. We were just enjoying the music. She sat with us for a while and invited us to the trapeze the next day.The beach party was alot of fun. The night club was good. There were not alot of people there but we made our own fun. We went to the casino once. There was no one in there except employees. The new theater is beutiful but the sound system is poor. The theater had the best bar in the resort. The performers in the shows are talented but the productions themselves are low budget/ low quality. I still enjoyed the music of Saturday Night Fever and Grease. The circus performers were amazing. The Ideal Couple show was entertaining.We went horseback riding and did the Caribbean Festival both were fun.The only other problem we had was that our tour company was 1 hour late picking us up. To us that was 1 hour wasted that we could have been enoying the last moments of hour vacation. On the bright side we still have plenty of time to nagivate the airport without rushing and eat without waiting too long at the gate.In response to another review about pina coladas without rum. I always order my pina coladas without rum. I noticed we were there at the same time. Sorry. I think the American with strawberry daquiris was my friend. We were among the few Americans there. We enjoyed the international diversity. We met people from Russia, Italy, England, Argentina and Mexico.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	5	2	3	4	-1	

<Author>Nadine01
<Content>Loved it! Stayed at this hotel from October 30 - until Nov 7th, went with my boyfriend and three of my girlfriends. Had a great time, the beach is amazing. The pools and the grounds were well maintained. Our room was clean. The aircondioning leaked but we just used a towel to soak it up...didn't really bother us much. The food was ok...some of us had stomach issues...immodium is a good idea. The staff were great...always willing to help you out. Thanks to Franklin(entertainment staff) for teaching us how to dance. They have a really nice spa...for massages, hair braiding ect ect. Went on the swim with shark/stingray excursion---loved it! and we went on the jeep safari...really shows you the Dominican life. The vendors are very pushy, and will grab you as you walk by...just have to be very stern with them and they will leave you alone. The nightly entertainment was alright..some nights better than others...but the bar has chicken wings yummy. The disco was alright...I went to the halloween party---it was a good time. The only thing we found is that the hotel is far away from things so other than excursions not much to do...did walk down the beach about an hour and found a big flea market...did some bartering and came home with some nice paintings. So all in all it was a good trip...lots of rest and relaxation mixed with a few excursions.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	2	3	2	4	3	

<Author>Honeymooners44
<Content>Barcelo Premium? Ok...so I came to this website before we booked our honeymoon and I read the reviews. A friend of mine had been here and said it was great.My thoughts on the reviews were that people were just negative and had nothing better to do than complain and that there was no way the resort is that bad...I WAS WRONG.I have never written a review for something like this before, but I thought that I should let people know my experience.I want to start off on a good note...1. The beach and pool area were amazing. I don't know that it is possible for anyone to make a comparison. They were perfect.Now for the rest of my experience...1. We paid 500 more to have a renovated room. When we got there, we had old rooms with leaks and were gross. After speaking with someone, we had to spend the first night there and then move the next day to a renovated room. This took forever, therefore, wasting part of one of the two whole days it didn't rain the entire week.2. With the premium package we purchased, we were guaranteed the following...a. Drinks when we arrived off the busb. 20 dollars each for the casinoc. 4 a la carte reservationsWe didn't get greeted at all let alone with drinks.We only recieved 5 dollars each in casino money.We only got 3 a la carte reservations and had to fight to get the fourth.The new rooms were okay, but still not great. The food is terrible and there isn't a lot of selection. The one saving grace for food was the pasta table where you picked your pasta and sauce and they made is special for each person. Unfortunately, there was an italian chef working there who only served italians...if you were first in line, he would yell INTERNATIONAL and skip over as many people as it took to get to someone itialian. Twice my husband and I were the first in line and had to wait more than 20 minutes for our food after being continuously skipped over. We ended up speaking to a manager about it the last day we were there.There were constant floods and leaks and TWICE the ceiling fell in in high traffic areas such as the bar and the entrance to the main buffet.My husbands boss called the resort wanting to buy us a honeymoon basket or some kind of gift and he was told that the hotel provides that themselves...we never recieved any type of gift or basket.Around the hotel there were quite a few dangers and one of them was rusty ( what we think used to be fire extinguisher holders) sticking out of the wall for someone to walk into easily and possibly slice their neck. Photo will be posted below.Anyways...there is even more I could say, but I think you get the point.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	2	3	1	3	3	

<Author>NickToye
<Content>Poor, poor, poor. Me and my wife decided to take a Caribbean break this November, we did not go for a cheap holiday, or to just simply get away from the cold weather in England. I had heard that the resort was very nice, and the fact that they append their hotel resort with Premium made me feel that I was in for a great week.Well nothing could be further from the truth.The holiday got off to a bad start as we arrived in Dom Rep. Once we had shooed away the case handlers who were instantly after my money/dollars - we were greeted with a 90 deep queue of people finding out where the transport was. There was no Rep from Thomsons there, just a big queue - after 9 hours on a plane, its the last thing you want.30 minutes later we were told our transport bus. Ok, we got on and was instantly sold the Dom Rep slogan - (Still no sign of the Thomsons Rep) - No Problem. Hmm, so its the Caribbean, everything is easy and no rush. I took that as charm, but as I later found out its an excuse for Laziness, I think we have a similar slogan back in the UK, its called Can't be Arsed.We get to out resort and my case is not on the bus. The idiots had just took off my case at the previous hotel and I had to go on my own with the transport man and his driver to get my case. By this point I was a little fed up, especially after I had been guilt tripped into tipping the driver for basically doing his job. Seriously though the guy was telling us what a good tip was, suffice to say I gave less then then I was told, because I thought it was very cheeky. Wish I gave nothing now because I wasn't happy with the service.Ok, we arrive at the checkout, 2 or 3 receptionists all on the phone, this was to become a bit of a trend - I actually think its because they hadn't a clue and were asking superior members of staff. Please note I say superior in the loosest way possible.Ok, after 15 minutes of waiting and watching some clown type in numbers on a keyboard, ring people up, print something out, we eventually got our room card and towel form. We were also informed at this point that the A-La-carte restaurants are to be booked between 9 and 4 in the morning. Ok, that's fine.We got sorted, and went to the bar for a pre-meal drink. It was fine, nice Daquiri - but I believe we were just fortunate. I also noticed at this point the fairly sparse looking bar with no real options to choose from. They had plenty of substitute bottles, like Rum that's not bacardi, or vodka that's not Absolute, etc....But they were all in speedracks hidden out of view.As we had no A-la-carte booked we moved into the Buffet, and again I noticed lack of options. Not much choice, and what was on offer was greasy and fatty. However I wasn't that disappointed because I expected it, and I was also intending to eat A-la-carte all week.We also noticed the room was a little below par, door rattled, tv was poor and had intermittent signal problems. That is when we finally got to the damn room - the maze that is the Barcelo Punta Cana rivals the Labyrinth that Jack faced in The Shining. Oh there were signs pointing in directions that were not possible to follow.Next morning we come down for the meeting with the Rep, (finally we meet someone from Thomson's) - We were informed that we should have received our pre-invitations for the A-la-carte all week. It appears that we were the only one's with no pre-invites. So that also annoyed me and smacked a bit of incompetence from a hotel reception that according to Wellington the General Manager and some American guy peddling a Jeep Safari thing, had its emphasis on P-R-E-M-I-U-M. Hmm, do the best hotels blow their trumpet in such a way? I doubt it.Ok, we get to to the reception to find out why we have no invitations, and Snail-Girl proceeded to print out my invitations. It was like pulling teeth. I got no apology, no explanation, just the printed invites, and also the information that 2 of the days were left open and we had to book for those days separately.Anyway, the sun was shining, the pool was very nice, and the wife was happy. However the Pool Bar was where we discovered the first real element of bar oddity. We swam up and asked for a Pina Colada and a Strawberry Daquiri. We were told there was no Rum for ten minutes, but we were also asked if we wanted alcohol in the Pina Colada. Now I'm sure it has Rum in it, so I was confused. I was also confused that the bar woman served three Americans Strawberry Daquiri's almost immediately after telling us there was no Rum.Later that day we got our first taste of the Rain, it didn't spoil the day because it was gone in a flash. But we had one more day of nice weather and then it was mostly rain for the rest of the week. Ok there is nothing that can be done with the weather, but what it did do is force us to look more closely at the faults of the hotel. The lack of any kind of entertainment within the hotel (three pool tables and a crap Argos style dart board doesn't count) - no TV reception during rain, untrained staff and lack of real character in the hotel really started to hammer home the failures that this place has.Ceilings were caving in by the bar, buckets were about to catch drips. It really was a depressing sight. Now I have spent two weeks in Riu Yucatan in Mexico, so I have pretty high standards. So when I came across this hotel in Dom Rep, you can imagine my disappointment. It wasn't even average, it was poor.Breakfast is also something that is not without its faults. Half the restaurant was open due to the season, but I expected there to be coffee cups on every table, and napkins on every table. It made the choosing of a table that little bit more tedious. One time we just had to sit down, flag down a waiter/waitress - ask them for a cup, wait 5 or 10 minutes, by which time breakfast was more than half way through, and then eventually got served. But more often than not I just didn't bother. Didn't want to intrude on the No Problem attitude. This brings me back around to the lack of training or understanding of the language/accent. I do speak a little Spanish, enough to order drinks. But more often I found myself speaking in two languages, and almost pointing to the drinks menu what I wanted. For a resort that has an incredible amount of American tourists, I would have thought some kind of knowledge in English would have been a pre-requisite.Now it wasn't all doom and gloom, there were some bright spots. But its a shame they were dragged down by the increasing amount of negative points.Those at that point were the in-room coffee machine not working, the TV remote control not working, or the replacement one we got also failing to work. A leaking roof, rattling double-glazing doors - which just showed as shoddy workmanship. Wonky pictures, sockets fitted by a blind man, doors not fitting door frames neatly. The ice machine outside also failing to work. A couple told us we should complain and get an upgrade, but apparently the upgrades were just as shoddy. And I really didn't want to spend more time watching an untrained receptionist constantly on the phone for what remained of my holiday.Now the bright spots. The pool is nice, the beach also very nice. Two A-la-carte restaurants - The Italian Roma and the Japanese Tokio. They were stunning, especially the Roma. The French one let itself down by not bringing what we ordered. We asked for a dish without certain vegetables and to be replaced with vegetables off another dish. We were told it was no problem. It arrived cold and not with the requirements we asked for.At the seafood restaurant I asked for two salads to start, then one soup and then the main courses. We finished the salad, and just as I was halfway through my soup, the mains arrived and were pushed in front of my soup. I actually felt bullied into leaving my soup.Now I am not complaining for the sake of it. We really felt it was a poor resort. And way below the expectations we had, in terms of money we spent and the Premium slogan they had enforced upon us.I felt the staff were not very helpful (not all of them, but most of them were), they were unskilled, moody, lazy, and very inconsistent with standards at different bars and restaurants throughout the resort.Finally what really hammered home the artificial grasp of Premium, was the evening entertainment. It was dull, lacked fluidity and was trying to be something it wasn't. On one night there was a Star Night, bit of a take on Stars in Their Eyes. Well it was just people failing to look like the stars they were representing, and also they were miming badly. We walked out, it was that bad.Never ever have I wanted to go home so badly, but that trip was another story. Not related to the hotel but made me think I was jinxed. TV screens not working on plane, and my bloody case was the last one off the plane.Would I return to Dom Rep? Maybe, but I would not be returning to a Barcelo.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	4	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>Londoners130506
<Content>The best the dominican republic has to offer! Generally, it is a great experience, and well worth going. you will have a great time! not perfect... but you can make it a dream holiday. The Hotel was an absolute dream. We had great flghts over, with a TV in the back of the seat and ample amounts to do with it. when we arrived in the airport straight away 2 baggage buys got our stuff, asked where we were staying and took us straight to the correct coach. As with everything these guys will want tips, but dont feel you ahve to because they wont do anything if you dont tip them. We got to te hotel and checked in, had a few problems, again the porter was a dream, really helpful and always smiling, but we were put in a twin instead of a double... we asked to be changed and were, with a pool view. There normal rooms are not greatthough, it is all air conditioned, and has a TV etc, but we had something coming up through our bath plug hole which wasnt very pleasant - after trying to resolve this nothing really happened, and the cleaners wernt happy with us telling them to clean it again... but we then decided to upgrade... WISH WE DID THIS SOONER! foran extra $15 dollars a night we stayed in pure luxury, a massive bed, and newl renovated room, flat screen tc the lot. Also fridges are restocked everyday, coke, water, everything, and all free!! pool side entertainment was good, there is a pool near the main hut where you can get food that is quite up beat, with music and pool side bar, you get some entertainment here with the singing dancing dominican boyzone, but they orgainse daily activities which is great, and if you ask to be left alone they leave you alone. There is also another pool which is quieter to the left hand side of the hotel, as you approach the sea. and its really nice, another new build - giant jacuzzi and somewhere you can lounge in the shade is available, as well as in water sun beds.. bliss. the sea was beautiful and warm, a little shoppy but good fun, you getyour shark free swimming area, but i would still reccomend rubber shoes. if you are very unlucky, like me... you may step on some type of little critter that will leave you a nasty sting. - if so see the doctor - also onsite and they can help you out. - TRAVEL INSURANCE IS A MUST! - there is a market not far from bareclo, about 15minutes walk by the beach, or you can go around the back on the hotel, the market people will try and hustleyou, but be strong and you can get some great bargains. *beware of buying too much!!* we also paid $140 for excess bagage! now, the resturants. also quite good, but varies. you ahve the buffet which is great as you can eat whenever you want, but also the prebooked resturants, paris wasnt great, and the dominicn resturant.. only go if you are open to new foods, but does taste great. italian, BELLISIMO, generally all good food. my favourite place for lunch though was next to the quieter pool, there is a resturant you can sit down an order from the menu. this is a brief explanation of all, but the main thing is, it was a great time. they also have game rooms, and acttvities, your tour guide will tell you whch is best, but d go on the jungle saffari, it is amazing and you see the real dominican republic. the bars are exceptional, go a few times, and tip your favourite, and the drinks will keep coming. we made great friends with one bar, Anna, and Leonardo are the best, leonardo made us his special drink usually something with 99% rum... good times! best of all was the smile and advice they gave, always willing to help out and top up our mumawjana, (this you will find out about) there is also a theatre with a different show on every night, not world class entertainment, but it is pretty good fun to watch, and well worth spending some time there! that is also where all night food is (little pizzas and chicken wings) bars are open almost all night. they also have a night club but we didnt go there so i cant comment. breakfast also, always a good choice, try the omlettes! they have people that make it for you, similarly with pasta in the evenings! hmm what else... there are people who walk around with snakes, moneys and parrots to take pictures with... there are markets that come to the hotel, dont let them force you to buy with their usual i trust you what not, they can be pushy, bu remember you can upset them more, so whatever they offer you divide by 10! $100 = $10 be hard! other then that i dont know what tosay, its too much to write, but it is such a great time, you will really enjoy it. you will never get it just right, but if you are there to have a good time, you can have one, nice food, nice choice of food, nice people, clean roomsm, free drink... beautiful beach and sea. .. . you cant ask for a lot more!!!  
<Date>Nov 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>Memae
<Content>Great time had by all My family of 13 traveled to the Barcelo Premium from November 8th until the 15th. Our ages ranged from 6 months to 76. This resort was very accommodating to all of us.I'm going to limit my review to things that I didn't know about the resort from reading other reviews. We were all in a renovated room so there were no concerns with that. These rooms are very comfortable. The subject of food I find to be very controversial because of everyone's likes and dislikes. We all ate fine at the buffets and the a la carte restaurants.Check in went very smoothly. It was quick and effecient. There seemed to be one line for the local weekend passes and then two different clerks for the weekly guests. The only real bother we had was the vendors that were set up close to the Reception desk. They would literally pull you to their table to look at their things while you were trying to check in.I didn't realize that this resort had elevators. The one that we used the most was located in front of the Alcazar Buffet and Lobby Bar. You would use this elevator to access the Internet Cafe and the Tokio and Roma restaurants. The Internet Cafe was open at convenient times and the money that they charge is reasonable. We bought 45 minutes of time for $10. You get your login information and you just use that until your time is used up. The system will tell you how much time you have left.If you find that you need any extra supplies or need any repairs to your room; you just need to go down in front of the Reception desk to the Guest Services desk. The people who cover this desk are very helpful and there is no language barrier. They write down the things that you need and they magically appear. We did this for extra towels, a toothbrush and a box of tissues. Also right next to this desk is where you will find the daily newsletter. This comes out at 9am every morning. It lists the schedule of activities for the day, what show is performing that night, which restaurants are closed, and personal greetings like birthday and anniversay. You just need to go to the desk the day before if you want a greeting put in. My daughters did that for me for my 50th birthday. I got my own color copy of the newsletter along with a bottle of champagne.We mainly spent our mornings on the beach in front of the Kid's pool and our afternoons by a pool. There is plenty of seating for everyone but shade is a little lacking by the pools. The surf can get a little rough on the beach but I really enjoyed the waves. My husband did loose his glasses in the surf even though he had them strapped on.My four daughters did the tube ride from the Dive shop. It was only $13 a piece and they had a pretty long ride. If you do this, make sure that you ask that they provide a ladder. When they change the riders, you have to get into the boat from the water. It was pretty difficult getting back in the boat with the strong surf and no ladder. They also take pictures during the ride for sale later that day.My two granddaughters went into the Kid's club for one day at the end of our week and wished that they could go again. They were well supervised and they went all over the resort doing all kinds of activities.. I wouldn't hesitate putting any kids here.We had fun at the casino but stayed only with the slot machines. One person in our group won over $200 in a two day period. The machines do not pay out a lot so we confined our plays to only one coin at a time instead of max betting. We went to only one show because we all found the sound system too loud. It was uncomfortable for us and the mainly for the kids.The outside vendors were there every other night. They can be very tiresome. A few were even quite rude with my daughters when they inquired about pricing for items. They were told a low dollar amount but it also included kissing or sex. On one night, my youngest daughter (she's 22) was chased up to the lobby. He wanted to sell her a necklace that included 30 minutes of kissing. Speaking of sex, I did not see any prostition going on. If it was around, it was low key.My husband had to see the medic while there because he walked into a lounger and dislocated and broke his toe (he had no alcohol in his system at the time). They are professional and caring and took care of my husband in no time. They are located in front of the quiet pool by the Spa, Gym, Kid's club, Game room and Sports Bar. We were not charged for any services.My family all got together evey night for dinner and everywhere that we ate, they accommodated the group of us. The Roma restaurant was the only place that could not seat us all together. They split us up between two tables. Only one member of our group had any illness with the food. She had the pork at the Steak and Seafood restaurant at the El Marlin. She was sick that night but once it left her system, she was fine for the rest of the trip. I know that previous reviews had warned against eating the lettuce and salads, but I had the lettuce every day if not twice a day. I really like that pink salad dressing and the Dominican is the only place that I find it.You can eat at any restaurant whenever you want, just make sure you get your reservations. Just go to the Reception desk, to the computer terminal to the left of the post at 9am and request a reservation. We were restricted on our times because there were so many of us. This is understandable and we mostly sat for dinner at 6pm which is the time we eat when we are at home anyways.We found the best time to swap out your beach towels was in the morning after you've had your breakfast. They get washed at night and restocked in the morning.Our visit was not without some minor complaints. My daughter did not get the crib for her son until 11pm on the first night. On the first night, a few of us got crank calls on the phones at all hours of the night. When we shopped at Harrison's, the clerk left us in the middle of a sale to wait on someone else, so we walked away. The toaster in the Alcazar buffet was not consistent in temperature. Minor complaints that did not ruin our trip. You can see that management is working on improving all aspects of the resort. The manager stopped and talked to us a few times throughout the week to ask how we were doing. There are comment cards handed out. Take the time to fill them out. If the resort didn't care to improve then they wouldn't bother asking you to fill out comment cards.One last thing to note, our transfer company was Pietro Tours and although they told us our pickup time was 12:40, they were there at 12:15 to pick us up. We stopped at 4 other resorts to pick up passengers and they were not ready so they were left behind. I'm sure another shuttle picked them up.I can't think of anything else that I would consider helpful information. I totally enjoyed this resort and we are thinking of going back in February. The only reason for not returning to this resort would be because of the surf conditions. My husband and I are scuba divers but my husband does not travel well on top of the water. We would need to go somewhere where the surf is not as strong for that.Please feel free to contact me directly with any specifics questions.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Chesire25
<Content>Holiday of a lifetime with room for a little improvement!       Our room  
<Date>Nov 15, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	4	4	4	3	5	

<Author>LoliMedina
<Content>Terrible experience Maybe they call themselves Barcelo Premium because the hotel does look amazing. The property is well kept and from looking at the pictures you would love to stay there. Yes it looks amazing, but the service is way below premium. The service we received here is the type of service you might expect from an off the road little hotel. The food is terrible. Even at the restaurants you make reservations for, the food was disgusting. The rooms were not properly cleaned. Only the bed was made but the bathroom was not cleaned. The sheets and the pillows smelled and so did the beach/pool towels. I stayed there the weekend of October 31-November 2 with a group of approximately 40-50 college graduates who had just graduated of medicine. Everyone felt we were treated poorly, the waitresses and waiters had no manners. There were reservations made for us for the first night which were inexplicably switched to the next day. We made reservations for two restaurants and we were not let in to the second one because we were 5 minutes late from our reservation time. Except for one or two of the entire personnel, everyone seemed to be in a bad mood. The staff gave preferential treatment to foreigners but to the Dominicans they acted as if it as a big nuisance to serve us. I felt appalled at the service. This is not just a problem of a few staff members but of the management as a whole. My boyfriend and I went to another hotel (Excellence Resort in Punta Cana) right after the stay at Barcelo and there is just no comparison in the service and the treatment we received. I still remember the names of the staff I spoke to at Excellence and everyone was just amazingly nice not put off by helping you if you needed anything at all. Unless you like to pay for bad service and like to eat tasteless food and want to sleep in a stinky bed and dry off with stinky towels I do not recommend Barcelo Premium hotel. I will never stay there again.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	5	1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sparky1955
<Content>still a ways to go       Kitchenette in club suite  
<Date>Nov 7, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	2	4	-1	

<Author>firstmate2006
<Content>Think twice before you go First the good news: Beach was beautiful, great waves, had a blast. The pools were nice although one was closed for most of the week. I was with a group of friends, but traveling single. I had a King size bed. Now the rest: I was on the second floor overlooking Pool one, no ocean view. The room was fine, maid service was kind of sketchy. Never consistent. One day you had towels the next day none, same with washcloths ( I finally got one on my fourth day) and toilet paper. I had trouble with my in-room safe. I had to have security come and reset it. I had a leak in my bathroom ceiling. Which was fixed after two phone calls to the main desk. We ate in the Itailian restaurant twice, first time was quick service the second time it was very slow and it was also very warm, no air conditioning in the restaurants. We ate at the French restaurant once, it was ok, but one of our travelers became ill after eating there. We did enjoy the Japanese restaurant. The buffet was ok. We did enjoy the buffet in the Marlin in the morning as they had less people. One of our other travelers had trouble in their room also with a leaky bathroom ceiling and inconsistent maid service. Bar service was very slow, of course the communication is one issue. It was hard to get a bartenders attention. Drinks at each bar were made different so you really didn't know what you were going to get.As the week went on the rest of our travelers were becoming ill. We took alot of pepto bismol and immodium. So if you go take lots of meds with you.We did take one excursion to Island Saona, we were told by our travel reps that it would take one and a half hours to get to our destination....it took three hours!!!! Had we known that, we probably wouldn't have gone. Although once we got there it was beautiful and we had fun, but a six hour round trip through some scary parts of the country....to much for me.I don't think I will go back to the Dominican Republic. Had enough.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	2	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>alopez2
<Content>best vacation ever       from the room  
<Date>Nov 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>megankrandel
<Content>Pretty good The resort was beautiful and there was fantastic service. Loved the drinks and the friendly waitstaff. Very cleanly. Couple things to note: If you need to shower, don't do it between 4-7pm as everyone else is showering at the same time and so you have no pressure (or no water) and it is freezing. Make reservations at the restaurants for dinner. The buffet is ok for breakfast, but really mediocre for lunch and dinner. We actually lucked out and got into all of the restaurants for dinner every night. Only other complaint was the maid staff would never give us towels or toilet paper. I don't know how they expected my husband and I to share one towel. Actually one night we ran out of toilet paper and I found a maid in the hallway and asked her for a roll. She went and got it for me, but made a point to roll her eyes at me when I asked. Totally unnecessary. So would I stay here again? Absolutely.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2008
<Rating>2	4	4	4	5	5	3	-1	

<Author>absoluteandtonic
<Content>Nice Property       Pool Bar - Luis  
<Date>Oct 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>bankerchick
<Content>Please give little weight to previous poor reviews!! We stayed at this resort October 11th thru 18th, 2008. First I have to say I can't imagine what the poor reviews were for. We've stayed at several all inclusives and this is one of my favorites. We were very concerned about what to expect when we arrived and I emailed the hotel several times to ensure we received the upgraded room and had access to the Premium Club. When we arrived check-in was a breeze, we all had ocean view rooms in the new section. Only one room wasn't ready, so we went to the Premium Club area and they gave us champagne while waiting with snacks in a very nice air-conditioned area. The premium club provides a private concierge, private breakfast, free internet, top shelf alcohol, nightly turn down service and chocolates delivered to your room every night and fresh beach towels every day, for only $15.00 per person per day extra..... definitely worth the extra money. Rosa in the premium club is incredible and catered to our every need. I can't say enough wonderful things about her.Our room was beautiful with the most comfortable, cozy bed with white comforter, tons of stuffed pillows and to be honest it was hard to get out in the mornings because it was so comfy.....fridge was stocked daily, extremely clean. I always bring cosmetic samples and perfume to leave for our maid because these items are so hard to get in the Dominican and some $$.... didn't make a difference on the cleaning, was still perfect every day.When we checked in they had our dinner reservations made every night. All restaurants were fabulous other than the Dominican one, I really wouldn't bother eating there. The Tex/Mex and Tokio were our favorites. The buffet food was good and the bread there is fresh all of the time.... never any problemsThis is low season and it wasn't crowded except for the weekends and the service at all places was fine..... remember your on vacation, what's the rush...... The only negative is the entertainment in the evenings. Of all of the resorts we have been to, this was the worse. We always watch the shows but went to one and that was it. It's too bad because they have a beautiful renovated theatre with a fabulous bar.Tips: Learn some spanish before you go. It makes things much easier; take a cab down to Steve's Corner Bar.... early afternoon so you can do some local shopping and eat at some of the restaurants there.... very safe, lots of policeman all over the place, if you are a vodka snob (I am), just ask for absolute or grey goose, they keep it under the counter with the other top shelf alcohol; upgrade to premium club, it's worth the extra money. Don't drink the water or even brush your teeth in it, always use bottled water. Don't eat the lettuce, everything else is fine. Take immodium and an antibiotic Cipro in the event you get severly ill. Sorry about the length of this but you'll have a wonderful time and please don't worry about the negative reviews. One of the most beautiful beaches I've seen. Waves were crazy, but fun, knocked me down a few times, be sure and swim in the safety zones.Please email me if you have any questions, but we loved this place!!  
<Date>Oct 24, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>dougall528
<Content>it was ok The hotel was great along with the staff. Food was better than average and the pools were very clean. Housekeeping was very slow when it came to making up your room. The grounds were beautiful and clean. The staff were always doing something to the grounds, BUT do not go to the casino. The blackjack tables use five decks which are suspose to contain100 cards consisting of 10,J,Q,K,A. I sat at a table and counted 45 of these cards on a shuffle. There were a lot of 2,3,4's showing up. The DR doesn't have a gaming commission so I guess anything goes. Just remember player beware........  
<Date>Oct 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	2	4	2	5	2	-1	

<Author>MissTeddi
<Content>Best Honeymoon Ever!       View from our room  
<Date>Oct 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	2	4	4	

<Author>Dolphingirl10
<Content>A good resort with lots of potential My husband and I stayed at the Barcelo Premium Punta Cana Oct. 8-18 and thoroughly enjoyed our vacation. It rained at some point during 8 of the 10 days, but we didn't let it bother us. It is true that the workers speak very little English and we spoke very little Spanish, but we didn't have a problem communicating. They are really great people, the guests were a very diverse group, and it was all part of the experience.My reveiw is quite long, but there is so much to tell, so here goes----CHECK IN--There was no line and check in was quick. The front desk person was very friendly and there was even some joking humor between him and my husband about how many bags I had!!! Our room was ready and we were taken there along with our luggage.ROOM--Our room was lovely and there was no smell as we had read about. We had paid for an upgrade at the time of booking, so received a renovated room in block 3. It was well worth the extra money!!! Unless you pay extra, chances are good you will get an older room and should not expect to be moved without paying the difference. We had e-mailed the resort ahead of time because we wanted block 3 with a king bed on an upper floor and that's exactly what they gave us. I had also mentioned that we were celebrating our anniversary, so there was a fruit plate and bottle of champagne waiting for us in our room. We thought that was a nice touch.MAID SERVICE--Our room was cleaned every day by the time we got back in the late afternoon. Twice we went back to our room at midday--the first time it had been cleaned, but no towels. The maid saw us and let us know she had not forgotten. The second time, the room had not been done, but she was working on other rooms and we decided our room didn't need anything but clean towels so she took the dirty and gave us clean. I left a note in Spanish the second day asking for 2 extra towels and extra Sprite and water for the mini bar. From then on we got the extras every day. We did tip, but the day I forgot, the service was still the same. The maid spoke no English, but we seemed to be able to communicate ok.BUGS AND MOSQUITOS--We did find small ants in our room, but they were the same ones we saw outside all the time, so we probably brought them in with us. Mosquitos were not a problem. After 2 nights we quit using spray and I came home with one bite and my husband had 3 or 4.ACTIVITIES AND NIGHTLIFE--The animation team seemed pretty much nonexistent during the day. I had read that they did games and activities at the active pool add day, but if it was there we didn't see it. Other than the evening shows, which we only went to once and did not stay because it was too loud, there is nothing to do except sit in the bars and drink. That was fine with us because we would run into people that had been met during the day and could have some good conversations. Relaxed fun conversation at the beach bar, music supplied by Sparky, then on to the Lobby Bar. It was great!!!!BEACH AND GROUNDS--The grounds were constantly being cared for and were lovely. The beach was great!!! Workers raked it every morning and it was hard work for them. I sure wouldn't want the job. More shade is needed. The few huts there are tend to be in bad shape and there are not nearly enough for the size of the resort. The water could be quite rough, but people still seemed to enjoy playing in the waves.POOLS--First, we never had a problem getting towels, but the resort was not busy. The new pool is gorgeous with build in beds, a whirlpool, water fountains, and pretty quiet. Once again, not enough shade. Unfortunately, there are tiles missing in a few places already. The kids pool looked like lots of fun for younger kids. It was closed the first few days we were there. If we had kids with us I would have been disappointed. The active pool had the swim up bar and more of a party crowd, but was still pretty quiet. More umbrellas would help.FOOD--Most of the food was definitely different than what we were used to but I wouldn't say it was bad. Try something new and you might like it. Everyone should be able to find something to eat in the buffet. We went to all of the Ala Cartes. The Dominican was our favorite and we didn't care much for the Martlin because the food was overcooked. We had no problem getting additional reservations or changing times. After the second time, I was even allowed to do days later in the week rather than coming back every day. The Marlin had great burgers for lunch, but our overall favorite was ElMirador at lunch. It is ala carte but you don't need a reservation. They had a great selection of sandwiches to order and a salad bar that always looked and tasted fresh.BARS--There is no consistency between bars. The same drink can be made five different ways and all drinks are very strong. They do no seem to have a variety of resort type drinks and sometimes the people working the bars know nothing about alcohol--in either Spanish or English. We worked around it though and didn't lack drinks. I do need to mention outstanding bartenders though--Teobaldo and Jorge at the beach bar, Francisco at the pool bar, and Sander in the lobby bar. They were all great and made us feel like family.TIPS--We did tip when we received good service. We were told it was very much appreciated and we never felt like it was expected. We also noticed that unless someone was obnoxious, everyone received the same service, whether they tipped or not, no matter what country they were from.I could go on longer about this resort and overall it was a very good experience. We fell in love with Punta Cana and would like to try other resorts, but would also enjoy going back to Barcelo Punta Cana. We just see it getting better and better with time. Don't sweat the small stuff and you will have a great time.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>nedlumps
<Content>second time at barcelo ignore the negative reviews of barcelo, we have just had our second holiday at this resort, and it was better than the first, lovely friendly staff, eager to please, fantastic for families, leave your money at home and give it a go,,,  
<Date>Oct 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>djs13
<Content>Terrible!!! Long story short: our luggage was left at the front for about 2 hours unattended when they told us it would be brought up like everyone else's, had to change rooms 5 times (should have been more but by the 5th, I was fed-up - that resulted in A LOT of bug bites since the balcony door wouldn't close properly) and the tiling outdoors and indoors=DEATHTRAP. Also, the hotel reception hardly speaks any English, was rude to my mother when she tried to locate me and, as a result, was trying to find me for 3 days just because of horrible disorganization on their part. I received no compensation for everything my friend and I had to go through.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	5	2	1	2	2	

<Author>Sheridan23
<Content>Wish we'd booked for two weeks! Myself and my girlfreind have just returned to london after staying at this hotel for a week. We had a really nice time and found the hotel to be pleasant and very friendly. We were a bit apprehensive about booking the hotel due to the mixed reviews it had received on here, but due to the price and facilities offered decided to book. The staff were all very friendly (and it helps if you tip), pool areas were lovely, and the hotel on the whole was very clean. Our room was in Block 6 -not one that has been renovated but was ok (bathroom wasn't great, but it was clean). Didn;t have any problems with air con which worked a treat. Excersions were good (drivers a bit fast though) and food was great - good choice offered in the buffet, and the Japanese resturant is a real treat. There are some downsides - nightlife is not great (we are in our early twenties), but found this led to a more relaxing holiday. The entertainment is mostly in Spanish, which isnt great bearing in mind the majority of the guests spoke English. However, I would really recommend this hotel, and would definitley go back!  
<Date>Oct 20, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	3	5	4	

<Author>colleend24
<Content>Great place for the price As many, when I read reviews i take them all as opinions and try to scrape some reality from each one, to get to my own conclusion. Reading reviews on this hotel is hard as they are so different. I am going to try to group things so you can read what is most important to you. I have stayed at 3,4, and 5 star hotels that were all inclusives on 7 islands. I know what to expect. Some of the people I traveled with this time did not, and it was obvious. They got impatient when rooms were not ready upon arrival (in 10 minutes) or when rooms were not clean by 1 PM (usually by late afternoon).PACE: relax, it is vacation. If you show anger or impatience at the front desk, they will/may take longer. Smile when you get there, greet them in spanish, and know that they are helping hundreds of people each day to check in and out. Don't be a cliche, and be an impatient, snotty american who is unilingual(or insert your own country). let them see your good side and it pays triple back to you. Learn the basics of hello, how are you, I am good. May I have a beer, red wine, white wine, water, thank you, sorry, where is the bathroom, towels, husband, wife, kids, friend, etc. You should speak some words of thier native language so they know what you need. They know english, you should know their language as well. See tips below....ROOMS: The barcelo has 9 buildings (though numbered 1 through 7) and is a huge complex. Buildings 1,2 and 3 (near quiet pool) are completely renovated and are 4 star. The rest are not and are more of a 3 star. If you want to be near the large pool with the bar, most building are surrounding this, mainly 4-7. If you want to be near the beach as well, as kfor building 6 or 7. If you want a suite the end of building seven offers 3 two room suites, that we got for no extra charge, and overlooked the beach. rooms 13,14, and 15 on each floor are this type. Yes, you may lose hot water (happened in one of our rooms) Yes you may see a coacroach(I have seen them in NYC hotels as well, just use your shoe) Yes, you may have to ask for towels, but leave a few bucks and a note in spanish and they are very accomodating. (more than worth it). Yes the rooms are a little older, but you are not in there more than to sleep and change into night clothes.FOOD: Food here is not as seasoned as we are used to. the buffets offer variety and they have a grill and chef going all day til 6 or so to cook individual foods (omlettes, burgers, chicken, etc). They have salads, rice, chicken, hot dogs, sandwiches and meats every day. If you want food that is 4 star, you must eat at the restaurants at night. El Marlin offers the best views as it is outdoors and has fresh seafood. tokio is a japanese steak house and was terrific. Very similar to any japanese steak house in the states. Paris offered great french food, including a filet and chateaubriand. Rome was the weakest, and bland, but still better than the buffet in my opinion, for nightly meals. We never got to the tex-mex.POOL: Fantastic. All three are great. The swim up bar is wonderful and Maribel will set you up with drinks that are great. they have activities all day here that get you to know people: volleyball,kayak races, water aerobics. the kids pool is top notch, and the quiet pool is not so quiet as it is next to the kids pool and they sometimes go back and forth all day between the two. The only problem I saw was that you did have to get up early for shade. Usually by 8:30 if you wanted an umbrella. Not enough of these to go around, which they should invest in. But there was shade at the bar!BEACH: Fantastic white powder sand. volleyball, Massages on beach,etc to keep you busy. Waves were rough this week, but not usually like this. You can walk to the right of the hotel for an hour easily and never run out of sand and check out all the other hotels. there was shade and palapas on the beach, but not many. they were taken early as well. But if you need shade, plan ahead and you are all set.WORKERS AND TIPS: All wonderful and accomodating. A smile gets you anywhere. We tipped our bartender at the pool and beach bar a few dollars on the first day and then again at the end. they alwsy quickly helped us. We left a few dollars in the fridge each day and asked for soda and water or beer (in spanish) on a note and were always greeted to a full fridge. We left 2 or 3 dollars a day for the maid, and the room was always immaculate. I also gave the front desk staff a $5 when we arrived and asked for a nice room. I got a suite overlooking the beach. Each day he would greet me and ask how he could help me. He gave us great reservations each night for dinner as well. Yes, it is all inclusive. They make anywhere from 40 to 90 a week though. they work 12 days on and 2 off. They work from 7 or 8 Am until midnight mattering on the position they are in. Aldo was fantastic and was in guest services. We did yoga on the beach with him at 9 AM every day and then he was in the show each night til midnight.... He has one of the higher paid positions as he tri lingual and makes $90/week which averages to $5/hour. So, for an extra $40 that goes directly to the people serving you, I thought it was worth it.Grounds: beautiful, check out all the pictures. BARS: if you want real stuff go to the lobby bar to the right of the front desk. It is the only one with grey goose, bailey's, jack daniels, etc. You must use the brand names if you want it. All others serve local, which is great for all day drinking. At home you can't drink grey goose all day and make it to dinner. That is why the rum punch si so good at the pool and you are not in bed at 6 PM.DISCO: a little musty and a little weak. If you really love to dance or want nightlife, you have to go off property to Mangu or Imagine, mattering on what you want. Both are about $15 each way by taxi and cost either $8 or 10 to get in with a free drink token with cover. Mangu had fantastic music, mostly american and all dance. Imagine had a techno room and a salsa/rap/dance floor. Ask the front desk to call a taxi. Taxi's are wating when you leave to bring you back. Settle on a price prior to leaving. Don't go alone, and stay with a small group if possible if all girls. Also, They don't get going til mindight but stay busy til 5. My fave was mangu and wished I had gone back a second night. they had rollerskaters, midgets, pro dancers in costume and the best music.For the price ($600 for hotel and airfare for 5 days) you can't beat it. We fly to south beach every year and the hotel and air is this much without food and alcohol. I would go back with a group once again. I went with 14 girls and it was great. I will add pictures shortly.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>TravelJunkie2009
<Content>Best Vacation Ever (besides Fiji) I just spent 7 nights and 8 days at the Barcelo Premium Punta Cana and loved every minute of it!!! I have traveled to many beach destinations and I can truly say that this vacation was second only to my previous Fiji Vacation.After reading reviews from this site, I was initially concerned. As I continued to read the reviews, I felt that many were pretty ridiculous -- they did not speak English~~~ well hello...it is a Spanish speaking country. I never had any problems with communicating with anyone though.First of all, I researched the rates for this hotel on various sites and when I thought I had found the lowest priced website, I called Barcelo directly to see if they could beat that price. They did!! I paid $54 per night (for 1) which was for all inclusive plan.I also researched to find the lowest round-trip airport transportation and found that Expedia had ROUND TRIP transportation from Punta Cana Airport to hotel for just $22.75. On expedia, you can book the transportation without having to book your hotel or flight with them.Upon arrival at hotel, I was given a renovated room at no additional cost (this hotel was previously BREEZES and is now Barcelo and they are slowly renovating all rooms. At the hotel, there is a sign that reads that upgrades to renovated rooms cost an additional $15 per person).I ate at the Paris restaurant (EXCELLENT food), the japanese restaurant (excellent food and great experience), the mexican restaurant (very good food) and the dominican restaurant (amazing food). At all other times, I ate at the buffet and snack bars. The food was very good and alot of variation. The beach was very very clean and the water is awesome!The employees are ALL very very nice and want to make sure that you feel at home. They work 11 days on and get to go to their homes for 3 days before starting again. They work long hours and are paid very little money. A smile goes a long way!! They appreciate it when you let them know they are doing a good job. I travel alot, and I can honestly say that the Barcelo Premium is great! If you just remember that you are on vacation~~leave the impatience and arrogance at home~~you will have a wonderful time.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>HROBERTS
<Content>Poor service, The Melia Caribe is a better choice Myself, my husband and our 2 daughters aged 7 and 9 stayed here in July this year. We were in block 6 on the first floor. The room needed redecorating as the walls looked like they hadnt seen a lick of paint in years. Tiles missing from the bathroom walls, and air conditioning not working properly. Beds hard as rock, one had a damp matress. We didnt even unpack and got moved immediately to a much better room-NO EXTRA CHARGE.We are used to all inclusive resorts and have never had a problem. Breakfast the next day was an experience. We waited an hour for a waiter to bring us coffee, and there was no choice of cereal, just coco pops. Only 1 type of bread, when I asked a waitress if there was any more she just shrugged her shoulders and walked off.The best place for breakfast was the restaurant next to the pool, smaller but great service. The main buffet was even worse in the evening so we steered clear and made sure we were in line at 9am daily to book an al a carte for that day. The a la carte restaurants were very good.Kids club-I was horrified when my 7 year old came looking for us by the pool-unaccompanied! When I took her back to the kids club the rep said 'oh I didnt see her leave'. Never again.I have to say there were some good bits. The trapeeze instructors were fab and my 9 year old was doing somersaults by the end of our holiday. All in all I wouldnt go back to this resort as Ive been to much better. Service is very poor, childcare is not very secure, rooms look old and smell musty, the entertainment was crap. Try the Melia Caribe in Bavarro, weve stayed there 3 times with no issues, rooms superb, food tyo die for and top quality service all the time.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>HolidayHeaven1979
<Content>Not as bad a most reviews Myself  my partner Paul stayed at the Barcelo from 22/09/08 to 08/10/08 and had a fantastic holiday.With every holiday  complex there are always a few minor details that could always be improved - the main one for us was check-in.On arrival at the hotel, it took us over an hour to check-in which was very frustrating seeing as their were only a handful of people checking-in with us at the time.The room - one of the older decorated ones but very well equipet and we were very happy. No damp smells as refered to in past postings on Trip Advisor and the mini bar was well stocked every day.The food was great in all restaurants with our fav. being the Italian (you must have the steak - best steak I have had in a long long time) with the Marlin coming a very close second.Meal reservations were very easy with the staff bending over backwards to get you a slot.Buffet was good although sometimes very samey - what do you expect from a hotel that has to cater for so many people!Drinks - very good when you can get one ( Mud slide being the most fav.) Bar staff in the lobby bars very much tended to serve the Americans over us Brits which was very annoying, especially if you have been waiting for ages!Best service by far comes from the swim-up pool bar where you are greeted by the fantastic Fransisco  Maribel - what a credit to the hotel!Only real complaint has to be the very obvious prostitues who stay at the complex and advertise their jobs very expressionaly around both the pool  lobby bars. I found this to be most disgusting and totally unnapropirate from a Premium hotel. I aired my feelings to both the manager of the hotel and also the prostitues as the suggestions made to male holiday participants were very basic  even front of children.Re. trips - we booked two, 1 being the truck safari which was brilliant (made by the tour guide Mimi) and the 2nd being the Sea Trek.We travelled to Aruba last year where we done the Sea Trek where we found it to be the most memorable holiday experience so far with fish, planes and coaches to keep the wow factor alive.The Sea Trek in Dominican was totally the opposite - bloody crap to be honest! no fish, very strong current so you spend all your time trying to stand up whilst holding your helmet on straight. The swimming with the sharks part of the trip was OK but was sad to be the sharks in such a small pen. Best bit of the Sea Trek was the sea Lion show which lasted for around 10 minutes.Overall a great holiday but please do remember you are in the Caribbean on Caribbean time.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	2	5	-1	

<Author>samcar
<Content>a dream complex My daughter chose this hotel to renew her wedding vows.What a fantastic choice.The wedding service was coducted at sunset on the beach.The way in which the wedding planner ha set things up was totally beyond all our expectations and everything went beautifully.Overall the food was good and the rooms were excellent.The staff in the bars and restaurants however could maybe smile a bit more often than they do and be a bit more enthusiastic when seating you and serving you.One member of staff i must warn you about is a barman in the Lobby Barand his name is Francis.He is very rude and most unhelpful except if you are of Spanish extraction We complained 3 times hoping he would be removed from front of housebut management failed to respond.Also my grandson was attacked by a drug fuelled local and only after my son in law subdued this crackpot did 4 security guards take him away.Again no response from management. Also ladies of the night move freely on the complex.Issues to be addressed. Sam Millar Isle of Man  
<Date>Oct 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	2	2	2	3	

<Author>bebojersey
<Content>rat a tat tat we went there in 2006 for a wedding. there were close to 20 in our party. all but 5 ended up with flu-like symptoms. we stayed 2 weeks, were bored by the second week and wishing we were home. we also saw a RAT! that is right, a rat, on the overhang above the stage area (also the roof to the mexican outdoor restaurant at the time). our first room was moldy and we got moved. the elevators did not work. the only saving grace was the beautiful beach and the fun we had in the water. oh might i add, during the wedding they deflated some part of boat pontoon or something and it was like letting helium out of a gigantic balloon and extremely loud... right during the vows. very classy.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	2	2	-1	

<Author>Foster99
<Content>Best of the Barcelo's Our 3rd Punta Cana trip, previously at the Majestic and Bahia. The deal at this Barcelo was just too good to pass up. The hotel manager Tania is the saving grace of this resort. Coming from 5 star we almost bailed next door back to the Majestic. This place has potential but is not there yet. Structural and design issues, especially finer details if you are really choosey.This Barcelo turned out to be much better than other stories we heard back at the airport. One of our plane passengers thought they were coming to our hotel but stayed at a nightmare.The staff was fantastic and we enjoyed learning spanish. This place is indeed very spanish and caters to the locals, especially on weekends. Different mannerisms may not be your cup of tea.Kids can have a blast here though we usually go adults only.Like any trip it is what you make of it. The theatre is new and Michael Jackson has shed the entourage and comes on by himself as the finalie. The guy is awesome. Food is just that, pit boss at the casino doesn't like winners. Bang-for-the-buck!  
<Date>Oct 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>KeldofaeFalkirk
<Content>Barcelo Premium - A whole new meaning to All Inclusive services We transferred to this hotel from Dreams after just 5 days, see my review about that nightmare.We arrived very hopeful and at face value it was a vast improvement. Its appearance, staff and facilities were more in line with a 4*+ which it had been rated. The food was plentiful and always hot, the pool was lovely and had a quiet and a more lively one, with a separate water park for kids, which makes a difference. The beach is good but unless their is a development adjacent then it won't be clean and alas like Dreams if you take a walk to the left its strewn with rubbish, even what I can only describe to be a piece from the side of an aeroplane. Its such a waste.So the food was good, the staff were pleasant and you weren't harassed to partipate in anything, only the vendors that the hotel allow on site to sell local products is intimidating as they don't like being told no thanks.So what could possibly be wrong? Well there is the fact that at the weekends the hotel sell the rooms to Dominicans for $10-$15 per night and they take over the pool area and are very rude. We had to move from sunbathing because a full family surrounded us and literally forced us out. Then they take the food from the restaurants on the day they check out, filling take-away cups and plates with whatever is removable.But that's not it, Barcelo Premium have taken the term All Inclusive to new limits with, wait for it, resident female and male prostitutes with the latter selling drugs as well and boosting to guests of making $500 dollars in a day selling drug. Don't think that they selling of these services is discrete, far from it. My husband and a friend was approached at the Lobby Bar 2 by female prostitutes using mobile phone to communicate room number, I was sitting not very far away. The male prostitute tried to grab my friends arm and drag her into a room. Like the locals the prostitutes get a room for $10-15 per night, they stay there and then move on after a few rounds doing a circuit of the hotels in the area.I can't believe that hotel management and even the tour operators allow this pratice given that it is a hotel for families and couples, its not your 18-30 holiday.The day we check out there was a hysterical English girl in the lobby, she had woken up with a rat on her!I rest my case about the Dominican Republic. Tour operators need to think long and hard about promoting this country and how rigorous are there checks that they miss prostitutution and drug selling at a 4*+ resort. Don't go to the Dominican Republic, tourists should stay away and it might prompt the Government to seriously think about cleaning it up and putting in proper road infrastructures. T our operators get your act together about your selection process.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	2	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>bettyboop321
<Content>glad we didn't book for 2 weeks       balcony view  
<Date>Oct 4, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	2	4	5	

<Author>Dos_Cervezas
<Content>Guess I Got Lucky!       View From an  
<Date>Oct 3, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	3	3	2	

<Author>Simon-Mark-UK
<Content>Read this for the truth We stayed at this hotel 21st September 08 and read many conflicting reports on this website concerning the hotel that we felt we wanted to add our opinion. The hotel is marketed as a four star hotel. The rooms allocated to guests staying with our operator, Thomson TUI, were in the older part of the hotel and this is where the problem lies. These rooms are old and tired, and to make matters worse have very poor housekeeping. If you stay in these rooms then you are staying in a 2* room and a bad one at that! Our initial room smelt damp and unclean. On inspection of the A/C unit I noticed mould build-up inside the unit vent shaft, the bed was nackered?to say the least, pubic hair in the bath, cracked mouldy tiles etc etc etc. We rejected the room and were told if we wanted a room in the new wing then we would have to pay $30 per person per night extra or we could have another room in the older wing, we accepted the latter. This room initially seemed an improvement- until it rained. Within one hour the bathroom ceiling started leaking in several places (the room was not on the top floor) causing the bathroom floor to flood. We returned to reception to complain and we were eventually allocated a modern room in the refurbished wing free of charge. These rooms are good modern rooms and what we were expecting from a 4* hotel. The room however did have its problems, a water leak coming from the RSG (Reinforced Steel Girder), and positioned next to a main walkway close to the casino. We couldn face moving again so lived with it.One rainy afternoon we were bored and walked past the older rooms the housemaids were cleaning to check them out. It appeared all the older rooms were tired and unloved so this confirmed to us we had not experienced the only two bad rooms in the hotel. I have stayed in many hotels both on business and pleasure, expensive and budget and can state the older rooms in this hotel are below par, anyone who disagrees is extremely naive. Food wise we managed to try out 5 of the 6 themed restaurants, all of these were very good especially the Paris. The buffet restaurant was good quality, but lacked variety and consisted of the same food every day lunch or dinner.Pool and beach area very well looked after.Majority of the staff were very friendly and I would question anyone who says on this website that the staff are rude. I witnessed a few holidaymakers (mostly American) speaking to the staff like dirt, so what do they expect?Entertainment is held in an impressive large modern theatre. The house band was dreadful but the entertainment team/dancers were very good especially the Michael Jackson impersonator.To summarise, if you stay here moan like hell (or pay the upgrade fee of $30 per person per night) and get a room in the new wing, then you will have a good holiday in a 4* hotel that you were expecting.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2008
<Rating>3	4	2	4	2	4	4	-1	

<Author>icub4udo
<Content>Cheap is Cheap - Old is Old First of all should anyone complain about an all inclusive for 297.00 plus taxes per person.... probably not because you shouldnt expect much at this price level. Hotel room was sub par buffet was sub par, alacartes were average, pools and beach were superberb But then i am comparing to resorts we have spent 5 times as much at . Overall a good value... dont drink local water Hotel is good to supply bottled water everywhere in the hotel and your room. Maid service was really lax.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2008
<Rating>3	3	1	3	1	4	3	3	

<Author>NStravel_8
<Content>Please Don't Stay Here I would suggest you never stay here. We stayed there in April 08. 8 of us (4 couples). We went for a vacation and to renew our vows. We all go south every year. The experience was not a good one. You need not know the detail. Just belive me. Don't stay there. We have complained since we got back as well but I have concluded the management really do not care. And oh by the way, If anyone from Barcelo takes any time to read this, thanks for loosing the wedding vow certifiate ourselves and our friends signed and not really giving a damn about that either.Come to think of it, if this is the service you get fom one Barcelo, maybe you get the same poor service from them all.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	3	2	1	1	2	

<Author>SAH22
<Content>Below average       Quiet Pool  
<Date>Sep 26, 2008
<Rating>2	3	1	5	3	4	1	-1	

<Author>st_toronto
<Content>Watch your valuables!! I went to the Barcelo resort with my family. It was my first experience in the Dominicans at a 4-star hotel. Our second night there, we caught one of the workers going through my cousin's purse red-handed! He was not a maid. He was in there with no permission. My cousin was sleeping under the bedsheets. The employee screamed Olla in spanish a couple of times before he entered thinking no one was there. My cousin heard the zipper of her purse opening. She came out of her bedsheets and asked what he was looking for. He ran away like a little mouse. We called the front desk and they told us that he was a technician fixing something in the room. It was RIDICULOUS! Some little things of ours were stolen such as hand cream, lipsticks, etc. WE DID NOT FEEL SAFE AT ALL THERE! During the weekends, they allow local people to come visit. These locals were rude and loud. It was totally unacceptable. Besides these issues, the service was great. Workers were pleasant and always singing. Their food was decent. Some of the local travel giudes were pushy in their sales pitch. We went horeback riding, snorkelling, and parasailing. It can be pricey but definitely worth it. Some of the people at the flea market were extremely rude. Would I recommend you going there? Abssolutely NOT! Avoid this place if possible.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	1	3	1	1	4	

<Author>excitedlilly
<Content>OK now the honest truth! Truth be told I was SO excited about this holiday. Never having been in the caribbean before I couldn't wait to go but boy I was so disappointed in this hotel. long story- we went to Thomas cook to book holiday in Egypt and she persuaded us to go to Dominican Republic instead, we said that we thought it might be too expensive she told us they were doing a special deal just now and told us about this hotel and as it was only 1660 AI for 2 adults we thought we had a bargain and could't believe our luck! How wrong we were! We got home and did the old trip advisor thing and saw the mixed reviews, thought ok, maybe the americans(cause lets face it they do like to complain and expect a lot) were a bit overly critical so we would go with an open mind and an adventurous spirit. ROOMS:- Check in was fairly swift and the guys on reception were very friendly( I did e-mail them in spanish to ask for a renovated room, I asked them nicely) but there was no mention of this but I let it go as I wanted to give the benefit of the doubt to see if a non renovated room was not so bad. Oh my gosh it was!!!, the smell as soon as we opened the door was yuck and the room was really tired and grubby, they were doing this section up (5420) I think and it was noisy with drills, hammering etc and the view from balcony was of a rubbish tip, I kid you not.! So having read the reviews and knew that many people insist that they are moved, we did too, it worked eventually we were given room 3445 with a bit of a sea view, and a great view of the pool, but we did pay an extra $200, this was well worth the money as the difference between old and new blocks is outrageous. (we later learnt that some people didn't pay any extra to be moved, but at about 8 extra a night we didn't care!So anyway the rooms were lovely but there were little black bugs in the beds that looked like specks but moved, there were little white bugs on the floor and ants everywhere, I think it was just because it was humid but man oh man they freaked me out when the lights were out- MY DARKNESS IMAGINATION!!! THE STAFF:- they were lovely and SO friendly, SANTA in the Paris restaurant is a treasure, she couldn't do enough for us she was great, we gave her a $10 tip cause we were into our 4th or 5th day and she was by far the friendliest member of staff we had met, we returned to Paris restaurant and she remembered us and brought us our drinks from the last night we were there before we had properly sat down, we gave her $10 again and came looking for us a couple of nights later with a gift for us as a thank-you( 2 little swan Mr and Mrs) look for her she is great. Having said that the food is not entirely to my taste and I love trying new foods, I just thought it was a bit salty and can't believe that full on cakes are served for breakfast, having said that I did manage to put on a stone in weight in the 2 weeks we were there!!. Ha ha. We had stomach ache but that was too much over indulgence in the cocktails so served us right! THE BEACH:- is paradise, the guy who works really hard to maintain it's beauty is taken for granted as a few ignorant people left rubbish at their backside even although there were bins nearby!!!!!!. We tipped him $10 at the end of our holiday as he was so friendly and uncomplaining.We had 2 seperate days of tropical storms that were really exciting and a great relief from the intense, overwhelming humidity that we had, and the staff were up and about at 4.40am sprucing the place up for us and it looked like the storms were just a bad dream!Ps- we didn't use the pools as we reckon we could go to swimming pool in this country and with a beach like barcelos at your disposal you'd be daft not to make full use! They did look fabulos though and were cleaned nightlyTIPS:- At first we tipped the bar staff $1 or $2 dollars each time but honestly it made no difference, first come first served and rightly so! The female staff are by far much friendlier and more helpful than male staff (incidently staff are paid around $300-$500 US dollars per month and ANY complaints about them results in instant dismissal,so do you REALLY need to complain that service was slow etc to management???) We made a point at the end of our holiday to tip females more.We always tipped maids and fridge people about $2 dollars daily but once we forgot to leave anything as we left early and it made no difference but just remember it may be nothing to us but a hell of a lot to them!ENTERTAINMENT:-Most common complaint amongst the rest of holiday makers we spoke to is that at night there is nothing to do as disco is REALLY smelly and DARK and casino is an absolute rip off, theatre bar is geared towards Spanish speaking guests and so having a few cocktails in the bar is just about all there is really.Brush up on your Spanish before you go!EXCURSIONS:- Saona island is to die for - the whole day is a day that will live with me forever, it was fab, we picked up great big beautiful shells on the shore and all in all had fabulous time.Monster truck safari:- unmissable- such fun and facinating to see the real Dominica, take old clothes for the poor people at the railway track where the voodoo doctor is as they as they are so in need.FLIES AND BUGS:-Flies and bugs are everywhere but I think it's because of the humid weather but after about the 5th or 6th day they really started to get to me as well as the really damp smell as it was everywhere!I am not posh, high maintenance or fussy but after just about a week I wanted to come home, I have been abroad numerous times and usually am on a downer about 3 days before coming home cause I don't want to, I even imagine myself living there but NOT this time, I was ready for home about 8 days in and even my husband who never complains said the same thing.HOTEL SHOPS;- MEGA expensive, over inflated prices just what you would expect from hotel shops really but pay in dollars and get your change in pesos so take both!SUMMARY:-Barcelo premium punta cana- Great beach, great female staff, tired and smelly communal areas and entertainment at night very poor, overall this hotel is in dire need of a makeover.ANY QUESTIONS- E-MAIL ME and happy hols x  
<Date>Sep 22, 2008
<Rating>2	4	2	5	2	3	3	3	

<Author>kjvan14
<Content>Glad to be home!!! We stayed at this resort form Sept. 14 - Sept. 21 and am very glad to be back. First let me say that I usual read alot of reviews before traveling and think that people are being too picky also, but I was wrong this time. Almost everthing that they say is bad was BAD, especially the food. My friend was sick for 2 days (take diarrehea medicine) Beach was beautiful and so was our room. We had Rm. 2409 and it was remodeled and had a great view with no smell and fairly good maid service. This resort caters to foreigners but not Americans. Very hard to communicate with staff. We will for sure look for a American owned resort next time. I can't imagine this place in the spring when its full. We will never go to a Barcelo again due mainly because of staff and food.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	3	3	3	1	-1	

<Author>Pocox3
<Content>Great Vacation! I must say after reading the mixed reviews I was a little nervous. My boyfriend and I are in our early 20s and this was our first vacation together. Everything was great from start to finish.A+: Our room was ready as soon as we arrived. We were in building 2 which is all updated. Although we didn't have the best view, it was a nice room. The mini ridge was average but we drank at the bars anyways. The room was always clean and the AC worked great!A+: The pool, grounds, and beach were gorgeous! The hotel did a great job cleaning (all the time)! It was not a very busy week so we didn't have to worry about finding lawn chairs in the morning. The DJ played music for a few hours a day and the staff had activities all day long. A+: The lobby bars make great drinks and they were always strong! Francisco at the pool bar was the best! Give the bartenders a few bucks and they will always serve you first. The sports bar was fun once they were able to turn on American Football. You can play board games, pool, or air hockey. It was good place to start the night off. The disco was little dark and smelled a bit but after 11:30pm, they played American music and everyone was dancing!A+:The theater looked new and was very fun every night. Each night a new show was playing. For example: They performed Saturday Night Fever. The dancers were great and always got the crowd going. It was no Broadway but it was always enjoyable.A-: I am a very picky eater, however, I always found something to get at every meal. The Inside buffet has great breakfasts and lunches (never ate there for dinner). The outdoor buffet El Marlin, was ok. Similar foods as the inside buffet but very limited choices. When we arrived we were assigned 3 reservation restaurants. We ended up make 4 additional reservations for the other nights. Get to the lobby by 9am and you can check was availability to the other restaurants. We enjoyed the Japanese restaurant the best (it was very similar to the ones in the States). Overall there were many menu options and the food was delicious. The only reason I give it an A- is because my stomach got a little upset one night but what do you expect from eating foods you are not used to?!?!All and all it was a great vacation and I would definitely recommend going to Punta Cana and staying at Barcelo Punta Cana. It's great for all ages, families and couples. It's no luxury resort but it's also now were close to a Super 8 Motel! I must warn you most of the staff speaks very little to no English (brush up on your Spanish before you go!) but they were very friendly.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>firstladypresidente
<Content>punta cana barcelo premium My friend and I just returned from 5 days in paradise!!!! we stayed from sept 14-19. First I think some of the people who have written poor ratings may be the Hard to please type and nothing is ever good enough. that said.. the place is like paradise. The staff were very attentive. My friend and I were at first given a room with a single bed and since we are 2 straight women this was not acceptable. It took a mere 5 minutes to be in our new room, which was in building 2 . the room was clean, the mini fridge well stocked and refilled as needed....all free. The 2 very large pools were very clean, and my only complaint was that they close at 7 pm and it stayed hot way into the night... a dip in the pool at 9 or 10 would have been delicious. The food was ok nothing extremely special.. Be careful if you go to the dominican restaurant, when they say pork it means pigs feet!!! but everything was edible.. One other complaint was it was a bit slow to get coffee in the morning. the grounds are clean and well kept. We had fun at the shows and the dancers made it a point to hang around after the show to take pictures if you want. I would return to this resort. I have stayed at another resort in punta cana and this one was 100xs better...so if you have a reservation and are worried about any of the reviews you have read this is my advice.. go with a plan to relax and enjoy the sun, beach and excellent service.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>aceidrain
<Content>Bacon Hair and Food Poisoning Upon arrival, they take us to a room that was old. I didn't like the smell of mildew and the loose hair that lingered on the floor. I was very critical. I went back to the front desk to argue of what I saw in the pictures compared to where we were staying. It was similar in furniture, but very different in cleanlieness.He had a solution, another room. Same problems.A third room, same problems. They didn't notice the smell.No matter, the language barrier made it difficult to explain.After tiresome efforts arguing in spanish and english and two hours of delay, they move us to a room that looks fantastic.It's newly renovated, they call it a deluxe room. It had granite, tile, ceiling fans, flat screens, luxury bathroom (exquisite).The pools were very nice, the location of the resort was amazing.The all inclusive package doesn't really include your gratuities, because if you don't leave tips, then you get slow service and lack of smiles. Most bars were over crowded.The buffets offered variety. Bacon one morning had hair on it. I don't mean hair from someone's head. It looked as if they had slaughtered the pig and cut too close to the belly.I've seen hair on chicken, never on pig. Didn't know it was possible. I hope i was wrong, but it was enough to steer me away from the bacon.They don't have standards for cross contamination of chickens and porks. It is very likely that the items you eat there are not the most sanitary.If you're thinking of going, do it, it's a nice place, but take plenty of probiotics and eat lots of yogurt while you're there.The pools were very nice. It wasn't a bad stay overall, but my wife's food poisoning or montezuma's revenge, whatever it was, made it dreadful.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2008
<Rating>1	5	1	5	1	3	1	1	

<Author>KFW333
<Content>Excellent Holiday!! Me and my boyfriend (both in 20s) had a great time at this resort.I will get our ONLY negative out the way first. When we arrived at the hotel we were allocated a room in block 6. This room was diabolical!! After reading previous reviews when people said the rooms stank etc I thought they were just been fussy! The room STANK of damp. The bathroom was horrible, ceiling was leaking and the door was just a piece of plywood! I wasn impressed. We left the room and went straight back to reception. I refused to stay in that room and knowing blocks one, two and three had been renovated I insisted they moved us there. The receptionist was adamant there wasn a room available in those blocks but I refused to stay anywhere else. In the end they gave us a room in block 7 (which wasn any better still stank) for one night and moved us to block two the next day. If you are trying to move rooms stick to your guns and don back down! She tried to say we have to pay but we didn end up paying a penny, to be honest I probly would of paid cause staying in that room would of wrecked my holiday. After we moved they put a sign up at reception saying upgrades would be an extra $15 pp pn. Right now I will start the review on the rest of our holiday.Rooms: I cannot explain how much better our room was. It was beautiful. The bathroom was a wetroom, the bed was huge and we had a big flat screen tv. The balcony was over looking the quiet pool, we were on the bottom floor so couldn quite see the ocean but was still great. The mini bar WAS stocked daily. If we left a tip we had at least 5/6 bottles of water, 3 bottles of coke, 2 sprites and 4 cans of beer. A couple of days we didn leave a tip and we just had two cans of beer instead of 4. They really do appreciate the tips so much so the mini bar man gave us a bottle of Brandy at the end of our holiday just to say thank you for the tips. The cleaner cleaned the room lovely and we always had plenty of clean towels etc. Sometimes she wouldn get round to our room until 3/4pm but that didn bother us.Pools: The pools were brilliant! We spent most our time around the quiet pool. It had a Jacuzzi, built in sun lounger and fountains, great! The big pool was also brilliant, swim up bar was great! It did tend to get a bit crowded but most of the people were just chatting having a drink and not waiting to get served. There is also a kids pool which looked good, loads of slides etc.Food  drink: Where do I start? FANTASTIC. There was plenty of choice at the buffet. We ate there every morning for breakfast but only ate there twice in the evening for dinner. For lunch we mainly went to the pool buffet where they did burgers hotdogs etc. I mostly had burgers and chips everyday for dinner!! The burgers were huge! But there were also pastas, salads, pizza etc. Although get there early for the pizza cause it goes quick! The 6 a la carte were brilliant! You do get reservations made for you but when they are arranging them they always ask you if the times ok. We had to change one reservation, yes we queued at 9 like every body else but not for an hour! The Paris was our favourite.. We ate there twice.. Tokyo was second favourite, they cook food in front of you!! We ate there twice too. Mexican, Italian, seafood (marlin) and Dominican all great food great service. I must admit some of the food I wasn keen on but that only because I was trying new food that I wouldn normally eat in England. I don see how anybody can complain about the food! We had no bad stomachs etc and everybody we spoke to had the same opinion as us! The drink again fantastic. International brands, anything you want! They always keep you supplied with plenty of water, even in the restaurants which I thought was great. Also, don worry about having ice in your drink etc. All the ice is made with purified water not tap water and food is made with the same.Beach: Beautiful. Hotel staff are up at early hours in the morning making sure its kept clean. Sunrise is lovely! Plenty of water sports to do. If we wanted to get a sun lounger with shade we would usually get up early, as these tend to go quite quick.Entertainment: Theatre was great, we only went in a few times but the nights we did we had a good night. The night club was ok, mostly Spanish music though. All the other bars were good too! They did water sports in the pool volley ball etc. First two days we had rain as Tropical Storm Hannah was passing and they put on plenty of entertainment in the Hotel. We didn go in Casino.I recommend you take US Dollars here and not Dominican Paso. It is sooooo much easier to use dollars.Over all we had a fantastic holiday. And I would defiantly go back! When I read previous reviews I was put off a bit but ended up having a brill time. If I had to find one more negative it would be that you can never get any salt out the salt dispensers ha ha?/p>  
<Date>Sep 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>Lifeofparty
<Content>The least hospitable, prostitute driven destination. The trip started with the wrong foot as we were acossed by taxi drivers at the airport whom indirectly let us know that if we didnt take their taxi, our security could not be reassured getting to the hotel.Staff looked unhappy and cared less about service, the food was horrible and we all got sick every single day from undercooked food. Prostitution was rampant from Thursday to Sunday, and it was offensive that we had to deal with such class of people while dinning, shopping or walking around and families around.Everything was overpriced to the umptieth level, chips were 5 dollars, magnets 7 dollars, any ceramics or local stuff 150 dollars, I mean they really take you for a sucker if you dont know what you are doing.Getting towels was like pulling teeth and all the inclusive activities or perks from the all inclusive package were done with the minimun standards. I mean that if they said shows every night these were corny, cheesy, put together shows by the same staff that works there. If they said SpA services it was actually a small shop with girls that just rubbed your back in circular motion and called it deep tissue massage.I dont recommend this hotel at all and I dont ever want to go back to such unhospitable people and place.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2008
<Rating>1	1	4	1	4	1	-1	2	

<Author>cherubs4
<Content>NOT a 4* hotel - barely a 2* Room damp, smelled of mildrew and sick. Room cleaned, but whole room damp, so damp made the books pages curl up, tablets to dust. Complained, but they couldn't smell it!!! Showed us another 5 rooms, but all the same. No refurbished rooms available. Had to use a towel over the pillows so that I could sleep - it made me feel sick.One man got sick in the pool - nobody cleared it up, the pool wasn't even closed for cleaning!Kids can get easily served alcoholic drinks - so beware. Advised rep, said some rooms are damp-- WHAT. Not a 4* hotel, lets other 4*s down. Food = samey. Roma restaurant - v good service, attentative. Rest of the restaurants - they weren't worried really.When Faye was passing over, water flooding into bath room - obviously room had previous problems. Bathroom, old, manky, needed desperate refurbishment. Some things were nice but not value for money and not 4* quality. Have been to other hotels in DC, far superiour.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	2	2	-1	

<Author>Amanda_Sauga
<Content>Here is the real deal ABOUT PRESTIGE CLASS:?our room was not recently renovated (as the transat website indicates), only the CLUB PREMIUM and some rooms in the middle of the hotel were.?you get only 4  la carte reservations (not 5), and they are pre-arranged so if you don't like the ones they choose you have to make new reservations at the hotel desk?no fruit platter on arrival (although I wouldn't recommend eating fruit there)?no beach towels, robes or slippers in these rooms?no bottle of rum?mini-bar was not restocked daily?casino voucher (don't be fooled its like a coupon, not free money. You have to buy $20us in chips to get $20 in free chips. Only for card games, not slots)*reference (http://www.transatholidays.com/DetailOffer/Hotel/default.asp?referrerid=VATLangID=ENREFWHATID=101CSS=AGENCYID=HOTELID=13947)FOODMy boyfriend and I got very sick from the food (meat) and lost 2 days of our vacation. The outdoor buffet by the pool is where we think the bad food came from. Food is uncovered and left out there for who knows how may hours. The best food is from the  la carte restaurants, but food was not that good overall.ROOMI would rate it as a 3*. The bed was saggy in the middle and there was never any hot water in the shower...or any water pressure for that matter. The a/c was hardly working. The room was never cold. Oh, and our pillows were yellow from other peoples sweat/wet hair. They smelled soooo bad.SERVICEWell, the staff seemed friendly, however, things took forever to get done. Our sheets did not smell fresh and the towels that were supposed to be clean came back dirty at times. The mini-fridge didn't get filled every day. Tips don't seem to insure proper service at this hotel.HOTELThe grounds were kept clean. Elevators did not work most of the time. Workers were everywhere fixing randoms things like railing rust as opposed to the leaking overhead hallways lights. Guest safety doesn't seem to be of top priority. These workers were dropping roof clay tiles to the ground (right through a busy entrance to the hotel!!!)The 2 large pools were super fun and clean.BEACHBeautiful, clean and lots of fun!VENDORSThey are everywhere and will always try to give you free stuff to guilt you into buying overpriced merchandise. They are willing to bargan with you. They are very annoying thou.OVERALLI think the hotel was just ok, we had a good time despite the flaws at the resort and the bad food. You should always remember that its the company that you are with that makes the trip, not the resort.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	2	2	2	

<Author>cindy1sumner
<Content>Had an excellent time!!!!!!! My daughter and I just returned from our one week stay at the Barcelo Premium Punta Cana from August 26th thru Sept. 2nd.. I can't understand all the bad reviews of this hotel. We were there the same time as alot of other reviews and we had a great time. Our room was a very nice renovated pool view room. It was always kept clean, and our mini fridge was always well stocked. We felt the staff was always friendly and accomodating to us. We always got our drinks in a timely manner at the bar and in the restaurants. The food at this hotel was okay. I did not expect much and therefore was pleasantly surprised. I did get sick about halfway through our trip. I think it may have been from the lettuce on the buffet. This lasted for about a week. Mostly and inconvienence keeping me close to the bathroom. Otherwise, ate at the buffet most nights and had the Japanese Tokio one night---very good. And the French restaurant Paris the other night, also good, but service was a little slow. We rented the kayaks one afternoon and paddle down the coast, that was nice. Took the monster truck safari tour and had an excellent time. Had a really nice time and would return again.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>DominicaRefugee
<Content>Overall Very Good Our family of four is myself, my partner (both in our middle 30's) and my two sons (12  15). We stayed at this hotel between 19th August - 3rd September 2008.After a rather bumpy flight on the tail of hurricane gustav we checked in exceptionally quickly. We had a welcome drink which admittedly I didn't partake in as the sugar surrounding the lip of the glass kind of put me off (I needed something a little more refreshing). We had to book 2 seperate rooms as Thomson (our travel agent) insisted that because my sons were 12 and 15 they were classed as adults and the rooms couldn't accomodate 4 adults. I had emailed the hotel one week before to request that the rooms were next to each other and thankfully we were given rooms 3440 and 3441 which overlooked the pool and the ocean beautifully. They had wooden vaulted ceilings and were in exceptional order. The maids kept our room in a good state of cleanliness (we only noticed a couple of days where they hadn't wiped around the sink or mopped the floor) the rest of the time it was kept spotless. I did notice one day where my sons room was being completely bottomed - everything was pulled out and the maid took a good hour giving it a really thorough clean. So overall we where happy with this. A dollar tip everyday wasn't a lot to give I know but it seemed to be adequate.Now after reading numerous reviews, we knew the food in the buffet wasn't going to be worth raving about but we were pleasantly surprised. There was always something for everyone and a lot of it was quite tasty infact. The eggs admittedly were a little runny but there is an egg station at breakfast and their omelettes were great - so there is never any need to go without. The marlin grill was where we ate lunch and although there was not that much choice, we still managed to fill ourselves until dinner. We went to 3 of the restaurants: Japanese, Italian and Mexican and they were all splendid - my personal favourite was the Mexican as the food was delicious but the Japanese makes for an entertaining evening too.Evening entertainment is what lets this place down in my opinion. They try to be like broadway and whilst that is entertaining in small doses I would've preferred some variation. They did have a Michael Jackson impersonator who was extremely popular and a circus evening which was excellent so it wasn't all bad but we did reach a point where we were all wanting to go to our rooms at 10pm to watch a film on the universal channel so something wasn't right for us as we are usually night owls!Near the second pool there is a small games room for the kids which consists of a few pool tables, table football and ping pong. Our kids enjoyed spending half an hour in there each evening whist we went into the small sports bar next door and played chess or pool whilst cooling down in the wonderful air conditioning (a nice respite from the kids each day for us too).Watch out for the pools! If you start with white swimwear it will turn dirty yellow! My youngest son was upset as his favourite boardshorts did this and they were ruined..There is quite a lot of entertainment around the first pool and it's fun to watch if you don't feel like getting involved yourself. The second pool is a little more sedate with water fountains and a bubble spa (this one turns your swimwear yellow too).Take a good mosquito repellent - I thought I had but it did nothing to stop the little blighters, I think mine actually said come and eat me! as we all collected over ten bites each with me being the second helping as I counted 25 on the fourth day of our stay. We think they got us mainly in the theatre so just be aware.I've saved the best till last: THE BEACH!!! WOW! A beautiful sight to behold! We always managed to find shade as there a lots of palm trees to the right of the complex. The surf was amazing too! My kids loved body boarding which was free for an hour each day. They also did kayaking on a few occasions with my partner. My oldest son is an excellent skier and does mountain and skate boarding as hobbies, so he thought wake boarding would be an easy experience - ha ha he tried bless him!One thing I do need to mention: We all fell sick. Myself and my oldest son were room bound toward the end of the first week for a day as we daren't stray too far from the loo and my partner and youngest son fell sick towards the end of the second week with my partner being in an exceptionaly bad way. We didn't get medical help on any of the occasions and the illnesses cleared up after a day or so. We couldn't put it down to anything in particular so it is a bit of a mystery as we are particular about germs etc and are always careful.Overall we had a pleasant holiday in a pleasant hotel with lots to do in the daytime and not as much to do in the evenings. There were a few power outages which weren't a problem as when you have raging thunder and lightening and deluges of rain, you can expect power to go off wherever you are.After all I've said though, I won't book this resort brand again. We favour a smaller friendlier resort which is what we stayed in last year in puerta plata and is what we'll no doubt return to next year.I hope I've helped some of you decide if it's the resort for you and if I can answer any questions to emails I am happy to do so.Whichever resort you choose, you are going with the aim of having valuable time together and that is all that should really matter.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	5	3	4	

<Author>Johnnyboog
<Content>Great Beach, Amazing Food.       View outside our Window  
<Date>Sep 4, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	3	2	4	-1	

<Author>lovethecity88
<Content>Did not catch the...4-th Star! Hi, everyone! Just returned from a 6 days trip, for first time, in Dominican Republic. Got a good deal from orbitz at Barcelo Premium, Punta Cana:- beautiful and well maintained beach, gardens, pool- spacious , 2-nd building pool-view room with balcony (and later on noticed the cockroaches in the bathroom)- flat screen TV with no signal for the entire stay- nice day time activity- OK food selection/drinks ; good breakfast and deserts- nightmare of horse back riding trip with EL PAT Ranch. Horses overworked, looking ill with bonds sticking out. I hurt my ankles during the trip (rubbed against the metal stairs over the horse back; the left ankle was bleeding) and no emergency kit at the ranch. I was sent for ankles care at the Resort. Could not contact the French owner of such successful business: we were 35 travelers/35 horses at the EL PAT Ranch tour.- No emergency medical attention at the Resort. The Dr. could not help because i did not have an Insurance. I had to insist to get, at least, a small piece of cotton with disinfectant! Without looking at my ankles the Dr. send me at the Reception to solve this problem....I just soaked my both feet in the salty water of the Ocean.- the massage at the Spa not worth $70 for 55 minutes session.The therapist, polite, but not skilled. I get regularly massages at home.I was sent by an European couple to another Resort to visit and maybe try their spa services. Two days later, I got an awesome massage at Iberostar Resort (30 minutes away by walking along the beach). For only $50, on the beach. - I noticed on Fri. Sat. Sun. local guests got a nicer/friendlier bar-service as well as all the Spanish-speaking guests.I wish to all of you that read this review to make sure you'll build a beautiful vacation. That is the reason I wrote all of the above. That was my Barcelo Resort experience.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>I_B_LONG_IN_NY
<Content>They should shut this place down Stayed from Aug 22-31st...the island is absolutely gorgeous...the view from my hotel room, amazing! THE HOTEL IS HORRIBLE, the service is awful...its basically a weekend getaway for locals and that is who they cater to. My room had a serious leak in the bathroom that they refused to fix, they wouldn't give us towels or toilet paper, we complained EVERY SINGLE DAY. Our AC didn't work, the room smelled like mildew, the pillows smelled like crap, I got tired of killing bugs in my room, there was a huge bug in my food @ one of the restaurants...I got sick from the food because it was so disgusting...the night life sucked, the male employees are pigs. You can't even get next to the swim up bar because of the crowd of locals around it. The food service at the buffet was awful...I ordered room service one night because I didn't feel well enough to leave my room...it never came!!!! We were supposed to stay @ a different resort but our travel agent screwed up big time and sent us to this dump claiming it is such an UPSCALE property. I can say that I probably lost at least 15 pounds from all the walking, the fact that I didn't eat for days, and the time spent in the bathroom. Definitely the place to be if you're looking to lose a few pounds, lol!!!  
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>c00ltravelers
<Content>paradice,paradice,paradice       great waves  
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BeachFunInTheSun69
<Content>Horrible Service...Gross Hotel!!! A group of us went down for Labor day weekend for a friend's wedding...at first glance...and on the website- the hotel and grounds look nice. The reality...absolutely no service. what went wrong...The AC didn't work.The power went out twice (as did the water while in the shower).The hotel was dirty, linens weren't clean. Towels weren't fresh.We had bugs in our room and in our bed.The floor wasn't clean- and was never mopped.The Spa- pedicures were done out of a Dr. Scholls foot soaking thing (like the ones you'd have at home) and nothing was sterilized. Also, appointment was for 4:30 pm- they didn't start until 6 pm. I had my hair done- I paid $45 USD to look like I came out of the pool and went straight to the wedding.They ran out of beach towels, everyday and the towels were old and stained. Absolutely no service from anyone, bad attitude. Couldn't make reservations for dinner- everything was booked...at every restaurant.They had cheap local liquor and everything taste like coffee. I ordered a margarita and it was a coffee-rita. GROSS.The buffet- flies all over the food- I'd ask for coffee or juice- no one would bring it. The scrambled eggs were egg soup. In the evenings- they would set up a flea market in the Lobby/main corridor and haggle you as you walked by. I wouldn't rate it a 2 star. Overall- the service is HORRIBLE!The disco/club- again, gross drinks-dark and dungy- it was like a dark dirty cave. Not many tourist- a lot of locals...I have stayed at other all-inclusives in Punta Cana and have had a great time. Will return to the area- but NEVER to this hotel.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	1	1	1	

<Author>luntyMerseyside
<Content>fantastic holiday!! ignore the bad reviews!!!!       the beach  
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>alisondsurrey
<Content>This place is great I feel compelled to write this review, as looking at this site I find some of the reviews unbelievable, this was our 2nd trip to Barcelo, we went last year too. The hotel is great, food is of a good standard. OK some of the rooms could do with updating, but they were clean and a good size. As for the conmplaints about staff, I could not disagree more, they are delightful, I feel that if you treat them with respect, it will be returned. Our experience of this hotel and resort is one of pleasure and would definately recommend it to our friends. The entertainment staff were wonderful. Our daughter who is 11 absolutely adored them, especially leonardres and santa the waitress, who actually bought our daughter present before we left. The beach uis beautiful and we walked all along it, and the stretch belonging to Barcelo is by far the nicest. Please if you are going to this hotel, go with faith, as this is a lovely place.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>BeachandOceanLover
<Content>Dream Beach - Very Ordinary Hotel Just returned from the Barcelo Premium in Punta Cana, honestly cannot see what was premium about it. This is no doubt a dream resort with a beach that stretches beyond where the eye can see, you would be hard pressed to match the view. We went with a family of 4 expecting great things from this hotel, DON'T.We checked into the hotel with relative ease and after a long journey were very tired. Our room I have to say did not meet with our expectations. You should note that blocks 4-7 are not the renovated blocks and are in desperate need of repair. I immediately insisted on being moved, the ceiling was partially falling down in the bathroom and would have been dangerous to stay in. We were moved on request to a second set of rooms that were actually no better and by this time I was almost at the end of my patience. I had to insist that I was only staying in these rooms until the next day and insisted on being moved. Please ensure that you check with your travel agent as it appears that ours did not have a contract with the hotel for the renovated rooms, so they said. This was not told to us when we booked or mentioned in our brochure. I have to say that Tanya, one of the hotel managers was excellent in her care and ensured that the very next day we were moved to the renovated block.Thank goodness you would think. The room, although renovated had a distinct smell, one of damp the whole time, the cleaners did a very basic clean, never any smell of cleaning materials or evidence that any were used so we never got rid of the fusty smell. Three of the four of us had upset tummies after day three so you do need to be very careful with the food, there were lots of guests with the same complaint, the doctor on site always had a queue of people to see. I eventually survived the whole holiday on 'chip butties', the last thing you expect to have to eat. What made it worse is that there was a constant smell of food being cooked from morning until night, the only place to escape the smell was on the beach. When you have an upset stomach the last thing you needed was to smell food cooking. I have to say that the older part of the hotel needs a good clean and the soft furnishing all over need replacing as they are also visibly dirty, not appealing or inviting to sit on as they currently are.Bar staff were a little hit and miss, it is almost expected that you should tip, in my opinion you would tip if you receive good service, not tip to get good service. On the up side the entertainment staff were excellent themselves but were very limited as to what extertainment was actually provided. I had two girls who were some what bored to say the least with what was on offer in the evening.We would go back to Punta Cana but not this hotel again. There is building work going on down the beach, the first complex due to be finished in December this year and the second compex to be finished next December, these should be stunning and worth waiting for if you are going to Punta Cana.Unfortunately the description on trip advisor does not reflect what is offered at this hotel unless you are paying for a premium suite and even then this may not live up to your expectations.Our thanks go to Aldo, Leandro, Caesar, Juan Carlos, Franklin and Modesto who managed to keep us smiling and who we would go back to see if we ever went back, they kept us sane and entertained with their hilarious antics. Thanks guys.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	5	1	3	3	3	

<Author>LizLouisiana
<Content>No Towels We thought the rooms were lovely. However, the service was absolutely horrible. One would think that since the resort was on the beach that there would be plenty of towels available for the guests, but there were none. There were no clean towels in our room nor at the pool. We had to complain everyday because we didn't have towels. My husband, a very gentle man, had to go down to the front desk each day to complain loudly about the poor service and the lack of concern for the guests. We couldn't find any responsible person who actually seemed to care about our problems with the service. The food was not tasty during most meals. I met several people who said that they were never comin gback and we agreed.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	2	2	1	1	2	

<Author>Shorty03
<Content>Service and Food were horrible We just returned from Punta Cana yesterday and we are very happy to be home. Our stomachs are actually starting to feel better. Here are some notes for people looking to go there.... 1. our deluxe suite did not have Air Conditioning. We had to wait in lines at the lobby desk for a couple of hours just to be told that it would be fixed. This happened three times and finally our shower only had scolding hot water..well that was the straw that broke the camels back. My husband had to go to the front desk spending three hours trying to get a new room. They finally gave us a new room that was better. 2. The people that work at the hotel seem like they don't want to be there. They are miserable. They spend alot of time either talking to the other workers behind the bar or aimlessly walking around the bar and not helping anyone waiting for a drink. The maids were the nicest of all the people who worked there. 3. Do not go in the swim up bar pool. A man puked in the pool while we were there and nothing was done about it. Later that night we walked around the pool and it smelled of urine and had a green look to it. 4. The food was not edible. Starving, we decided to go to the French Restuarant hoping for something good. Well, that did not happen. The teenage boy sitting at the table behind us threw up all over the floor and his family just got up quickly and left. Leaving the throw up on the floor without telling the waiter. Imagine the smell. That meal was over before it even started. 5. The only good thing about this trip was the Crazy Wheels Adventure we took. Totally worth it. The beach was amazing and clean. Also, for those people who are starving there is a Hard Rock in town that was good. This hotel could really be an excellent resort if they changed two things..management and food.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	5	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>elisamancia
<Content>2nd time and would go back in a second plus I got married       Wedding  
<Date>Aug 20, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>My2Cents15
<Content>Stayed 2 Long My family went to Punta Cana because so many people raved about its beautiful beaches, so we decided to go. We stayed seven days and six nights (way too long). First, the resort was beautiful, but after a couple of days you get very bored with the hotel. Although I love the beach and the pool, all the entertainment involved the pool or the beach. You can only do pool aerobics for so many days. Also, you couldn venture outside of the hotel unless you were going on a tour, or was familiar with the town. Unlike other places I visited, you can walk the streets or visit other hotels. I felt confined to this hotel.Second, we have a teenager, and there were no activities for teens. No teen club, teen disco, nothing. (If you have teenagers, this makes for a very long vacation). The game room was lackluster: pool tables, table tennis, a few board games, and a air hockey machine that looked 10 years old. The game room was adjacent to a ports bar? Please do not be fooled by the sports bar pictures on-line, the sports bar was horrible. Very very horrible. Because our trip was in the middle of the Olympics, they showed almost none of it. The sports bar only played soccer, and that was in Spanish. They had ESPN Deportes playing, but I don speak much Spanish, so I couldn understand it. So I won go on and on and on (because I can), the sports bar looks more like your home basement, A TV, Sofa, and an old pool table.Third, almost no one spoke English. This is partly my fault because I assumed that if you are going to a resort that many Americans go to, everyone will speak English. It was hard ordering drinks that were not on the menu, like a club soda. Fourth, the room. The room was nice, clean and had a modern look, with a couple of problems: (1)The room was riddled with bugs (bring bug spray). (2) The double beds are not American sized double beds, they are much smaller. My husband and I were very uncomfortable sleeping in those beds. I guess it doesn help that I 5??and he 6??Lastly, the food was OK, lots of it. But it was hard for me to find dishes that I like (since I don eat pork, and rarely eat beef).I know there is a lot of negative feedback, but overall if you love the beach, the pool, and leave your teenager home you will love this resort.Did I mention there was a hurricane name Fay that passed by.......  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	5	4	3	3	3	

<Author>meatwagon29511
<Content>Good And Bad, But Overall Had A Good Time       The Grounds  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>4	2	3	4	3	2	4	-1	

<Author>suchiPorto
<Content>Terrible Hotel Me and my boyfriend have stayed only one night in this Hotel because as soon as we checked in we realised that the Hotel was just terrible. The food served in the Buffet is just unbelivebly terrible. To book a reservation on the other restaurants you have to wait in line that at 9am goes outside the Hotel. The employes are not nice and the Hotel has cleaning problems. The rooms smell very bad and are very old (beds not confortable). If you are going to Punta Cana do not pick this Hotel!Besides the operator Travelplan that woks with this Hotel has told us that this was a 5 * hotel!!!! Can you imagine?????Very bad service form the operator Travelplan!  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	1	1	1	

<Author>TexasTraveler15
<Content>Made better by reading reviews       Beach  
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	4	3	1	2	2	

<Author>wavydot
<Content>Nice Hotel We are a party of 10 family and friends (5x17-20 yr olds and 5 adults) who have recently arrived home from a very pleasant holiday.The hotel itself does have room for improvement e.g. better air conditioning in the restaurants and other public areas, a more effective method of booking/changing restaurant reservations etc. We were allocated 6 restaurant bookings at various times and dates over our two-week stay (one reservation for each restaurant) which were subject to change if we were willing to queue at 9 a.m. sometimes for an hour or more. Our travel rep was very helpful and made a couple of extra reservations for us as it was very difficult to book reservations for 10 people. We found the food to be excellent in the restaurants and okay in the buffet. We only had one disappointing meal and that was in the Dominican restaurant, it was not the quality of the food that was disappointing, it was just not to our taste. None of us suffered from tummy upsets. The waiters were all very pleasant and generally quite efficient (look out for Domingo!).Drinks at the hotel were of good quality, branded drinks such as Baileys, Johnny Walker, Grand Marnier, Quantreau and Jim Beam were available at most bars. We found Elizabeth at the Sports Bar served a good drink and was very friendly and pleasant.Most of our party were allocated the older rooms and although they were a little dated, the beds were comfortable and the maid did a very good job at cleaning and providing fresh towels every day. We were fortunate enough to be situated in a very peaceful part of the hotel overlooking the pool. Two of our friends had paid for an upgrade and were allocated a beautiful room in the newer part of the hotel, however they were disturbed early in the morning by the clatter of pots and pans from the buffet restaurant. They did feel that if they returned to the hotel they would not bother paying for an upgrade as the older rooms were adequate. Insects were not evident in any of our rooms and we were not eaten alive by mosquitoes.The pools were excellent, we preferred the quieter new pool with the jacuzzi. There is a bar providing all types of drinks which is open from 10 a.m. onwards and a very nice restaurant above which serves good lunchtime meals and snacks complete with chilled wine etc. There is an activities pool with swim-up bar and nearby snack bar and also an excellent childrens pool area. Shades are limited but there is room for quite a lot of sun-loungers under each one and always room to squash in somewhere. Being such a large party meant we had to be early to make sure we had space for all 10 of us.There is a lovely new theatre and bar and although we had a couple of drinks there, we did not bother with the entertainment. The teenagers used the Sports Bar, Theatre Bar and Nightclub. The service was rather slow at the two lobby bars but there were plenty of comfortable seats.The beach is beautiful with white sand and turquoise water. It was nice to take a walk along the beach and have a look at the other hotels in the area. We all agreed that the Barcelo had the best location. The other hotels looked crowded and noisy (e.g. Bahia Principe and Riu) apart from the Majestic Colonial which looked rather nice and a bit more up-market. Beach towels were in short supply and we were glad we had taken our own.We went on the Monster Safari Truck and the Booze Cruise and enjoyed them both. We took a taxi to the Hard Rock Cafe one evening where there is also a very nice designer shopping mall.All in all, we had a great time and would probably return. We would recommend this hotel, and if you have already booked it, you will also enjoy yourselves providing you do not let the odd problem here and there spoil it. Just remember this is only a 4* hotel in the Dominican Republic, not the Ritz. We have been on many Carribean holidays over the last few years, some 5* and a lot more expensive, and this one compares very favourably.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	5	2	4	2	

<Author>gemgirl3334
<Content>absolutely fab i first went here when super clubs breezes owned it which was in 2006 i was only 12 the food was really nice and very exotic i found my brother eating alot of the lettuce then getting very ill and throwing up about 7 times a day my mum told him to stop eating the lettuce and when he finally did he was fine and didnt touch lettuce after that there is quite a bit to do in the day but i highly recommend you dont stay in the sun around mid day go in for a sleep then come back out later when you get there if the room isnt to your standards complain at the desk and they will sort it out my mum complained and we got a suite :) if you do complain try to complain to sonya i think her name is and she will give you a suite at least thats what we got the suite is really nice we got one that was the furthest out to beach and it wasnt a long walk from the room to the restauruants, the oriental was really good i cant remember our chefs name but he was quite skinny and tried to make us laugh all the chefs there are a really good laugh the maids are nice and really do a good job of your room and if you leave the do not disturb sign on the door they will not disturb you they will just carry on to the next room if you leave them a little tip they will use the towels to make a swan or something and put flowers round your sink which i thought was very nicenighttime is really something i really recommend going to the beach party on wednesday they are brilliant absoluletly fab you have a really good laugh at the people who are a tint drunk and they will do that thing where you put your head on a pole then run round it that is really funny the circus one at the threatre is good too they will also ask little kids to jump off a spring board to get the kids involved i joined in and it was fun even though i landed on my bum but there was a mat there so i was a ok if they ever say there is a hurricane coming they will tell you i was there when hurricane dean hit because i went a 2nd time we thought it was so good the hurricane only stopped you from going in the ocean and if it got really really bad they might cancel a trip but other than that it didnt stop you from doing anything one thing i found funny was when people where in the pool then it started to rain then they'd run for shelter which i found quite weird but funny megaly recommed going to soana island that was good they take you out on a catamaran and bring you back on speedboat or the other way either way it was good just when your on the speedboat hold onto your seat especially if your a little kid then your parents will hold you but you would be okay really an experience the way you skim across the waves another good trip is dolphin marina my stepdad chickened out and didnt want to do it but whenthe dolphin swims up next to you they are so gentle ,at first they will tell you to go on a platform in a queue and go right to the end and the last one in they will tell the dolphin with a whistle to swim next to you then they take a photo then tell the dolphin to come out the water and kiss you on the cheek and they take a photo which i thought was really cute my mum cringed as the the dolphin kissed her which i thought was hilarious so they had a photo of her one half of her face cringed and the other smiling lol overall i would say a fantastic holiday and i would go there a third time definatley :)  
<Date>Aug 14, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>ktripadvise
<Content>Beware of Terrible Customer Service! Dont get me wrong it is a very beautiful place. Our room was an ocean view deluxe and the beach is gorgeous. The people that work there are just terrible. If your american-you will not be treated well. Every employee had ZERO sense of urgency and to be honest just very rude, however nice you are to them. My boyfriend and I ran across a total of three friendly employees in the whole place. Also the lobby is a complete nightmare. Checking in and out was horrible and making dinner reservations, which had to be done everyday and you could not book any days in advance (I waited in line for an hour for ONE reservation.) If your not going to 'adapt' to the Carribean lifestyle well, then I would suggest skipping out on the Barcelo Punta Cana and finding a place with a better understanding of customer service.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	4	3	1	1	3	

<Author>nofearzzzz
<Content>Good Holiday that could so easily have been even better       Pool Area 1  
<Date>Aug 9, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LocoForSUn
<Content>A Good Time I have never been the one to write a review, but I feel it unfair that this hotel is getting such bad reviews. This hotel in on great property and is situated on a gorgeous beach. The swimming pools are amazing. There is one pool which is livelier and plays music, has entertainment and has the swim-up bar. The other pool is very relaxing with built in loungers to lye down on and spraying water, both pools are very big. The kid water playground makes me wish I was a kid all over again, very cool for families. The food at the Italian, Dominican, and Japanese restaurants was amazing! The buffet food was okay. Defiantly check out the Tex Mex restaurant for lunch if you are looking for a sit down, relaxing lunch near the beach. Yes, this hotel did have some problems but what do you expect when you aren staying at a 6++ (And trust me things do go wrong at ANY hotel you stay at). I am a very experienced traveler so in comparison to the many other resorts I stayed at which were mostly all 5+ hotels, this hotel did very good! Some of the negative aspects of this hotel include: our room was clearly one of the older rooms, but it was kept very clean and we were never in it anyways. And if I had to search for another negative the nightclub did stink like vomit. The worst part of this hotel was the service. Unfortunately the service was the worst I have seen out of any resort I have stayed at. Not the typical riendly and amazing?people you would expect to interact with at a hotel. It seemed as if most people didn care if you handed them a tip (some never even said thank you or smiled) yet, other people at the resort had no problems and found the service to be very good. The wait to get a drink at the lobby is out of control. They defiantly need stronger management. But overall, the hotel was very nice and we met some really cool people and had an awesome time! Defiantly if people need to rely on a 100% perfect hotel, this is not your hotel. This hotel is for people who want to have fun, have patience, and make the best with the people they are with! I went on this vacation with my boyfriend and we are in our twenties and it was perfect for us.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	5	3	1	3	

<Author>Buckeye77
<Content>Great Vacation but the food is bad!!!       Renovated room  
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	5	4	3	2	-1	

<Author>TimWalker
<Content>Loved Barcelo Premium       Hilary  
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>GlobetrotterKS
<Content>Good for money but nothing to go back to, Management needs a rehaul We were at Barcelo Punta Cana for eight days and badly needed the AC and good drinks. Food was awfull. Hotel rooms stink sometimes. Service was bad in the first few days but it got better as days went on. Beach and Pools were the best part of this resort. Shows were ok, no American or International drinks, little spanish is highly recomended.Try Tokio and Roma resturants, rest are waste of food. Beach towels were the hot commodity. Bottled water has no taste but there are no choices.All hotels in Punta Cana have no air conditioning in the lobby or public areas so bring a portable fan.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>tbunnyOhio
<Content>Good time with fair accomodations My husband and I vacationed to Punta Cana and we were both a bit unsure about what to expect after reading the reviews on trip advisor. Overall we had a great time! The location is beautiful. The water is clear and blue, the sand is clean, and the weather was amazing! We went in with an open mind and had a really good experience. We met a lot of different people from diverse backgrounds. I mean how often do you get to play in a beach volleyball game with a team composed of Dominicans, Canadians, and Europeans! We might not have spoken the same language but we had a great time anyway!We made sure to take advantage of all of the freebies. The resort offers free snorkel equipment, boogie boards, kayaks, and half hour catamaran trips. I would recommend taking advantage of all of this. We stayed in building 3 and had a renovated room. We started off with a room in building 2 that did not have an ocean view. I persistently asked if we could move to a room with a view and did not have to pay extra for the room change. I overheard some other couples paying an additional $15 per person per night for the same upgrade. However, I will say that our upgraded room had a drip from the ceiling due to the air conditioning. We just put the ice bucket beneath it and let it go because the view was amazing (plus I didn't want to wait in lines anymore). Service is extremely slow and be prepared to wait in line for help. It seemed that every couple we talked to had issues with their rooms...there is very little consistency. I would recommend trying to get into building 1,2, or 3 with an ocean view.I wanted to offer a piece of advice for dining. When we arrived we received reservations for 3 restaurants. However, 2 of our reservations were for days we were not staying at the resort. We had read reviews about the food and it seems that everyone has their own opinions. We took our chances and just showed up that first night at Tokio. We had to wait 10 minutes but they let us in. I thought the food was similar to eating Japanese here. The second night we decided to show up at Romo and again found that we could get in with just a short wait. The food was ok here - I stumbled across a piece of hairy bacon that has been mentioned in other reviews...blah! The third night we tried to get into El Mirador - the tex mex restaurant. They would not let us in. So I attempted to wait in line at 9:00am the following morning to get us a reservation. I actually showed up at 8:50. I waited till 9:35 before it was finally my turn and I learned that the only restaurant that was available was the Dominican :( Needless to say we attempted to again to the tex mex and gave the hostess a $5 and got right in. I enjoyed the fajitas and my husband had a combination platter with a taco, quesadilla, and fluatas. This restaurant was our favorite. In summary about the restaurants if you don't mind waiting a couple of minutes then you don't have to bother with waiting in the reservation line.The pool is beautiful and the drinks are pretty good. We found that there was inconsistency with the drinks...you might order a pina collada and love it one drink and the next drink not as much.Again I would keep an open mind and embrace the opportunity to be in a truly diversified setting! Have fun!  
<Date>Aug 4, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	5	3	1	3	-1	

<Author>sandritaru
<Content>BARCELO NEVER AGAIN       main pool  
<Date>Aug 1, 2008
<Rating>1	1	4	4	2	1	1	1	

<Author>joeyodell
<Content>great value, lovely room. Stayed here for a week in may with my husband. good points;room (in block 3) was lovely-we had a fruit platter and a bottle of rum as a gift for our anniversary. food was generally good. mexican, seafood, japanese and italian restaurants the best. we took our own beach towels but didnt need them. sports bar great.beautiful beach. nice wreck just off the beach if youre into diving. horseriding ok but expensive ($40).bad points; food in the main restaurant average, paris restaurant crap. some of the cocktails are very weak! bar staff can be a bit surly. night club awful-smells of sick! casino not great.All in all we paid 518 for a weeks all-inclusive, which I think was great value, we both had slightly bad tummies, but I think that ia par for the course when travelling to these destinations. weather in may is not the best-bit stormy.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>jeffnnj
<Content>Ignore All The Whining...... I am a divorced single father who doesn't cook. Today I had a bagel and coffee for breakfast, took the kids for pizza for lunch, dinner at a local Mexican restaurant and then met my friends for drinks. The total cost was $135 and today was typical. Why do I share this with you and what does it have to do with Barcelo Premium in Punta Cana, you ask?? Everything. My trip there for my girlfriend and me totalled $760 for 8 days plus airfare. That means it is far cheaper for me to go there, eat, swim, lay in the sun, enjoy a beautiful room with a view of the ocean and not to mention drink to my heart's content, for a lot less money then it costs me to simply exist in NJ. Was the place perfect?? Not at all. The service was mediocre at best, the water pressure was slightly more then a trickle, the food was often not so great and exceptional only once and getting a beach towel was next to impossible. However,when you put that in the context of what you are paying, it is an incredible value. I am not going to ramble on about amenities because I am sure you have read them elsewhere and in other reviews. Briefly, the hotel was beautiful and well maintained. I heard from some other guests that their rooms were sub par. Ours was beautiful complete with slate tile shower with glass wall, wood beam cathedral ceiling, marble topped dressers and a plasma TV. The refridgerator was stocked daily with beer, soda and bottled water, all included in the ridiculously low price that we paid. It was also clean and well cared for by our chamber maid. The buffet was just okay. The lines for omlets and specialty pastas were too long and the wait staff was less then efficient. It was fairly easy to get a drink at the numerous bars as well as in the swim up bar. The specialty restaurants were also nothing to write home about with the exception of Tokio, the Japanese one which I thought was great. Word to the wise: Don't bother waiting on the long line in the morning to reserve a table in one of the specialty restaurants. Just go to the one of your choosing during dinner hour and ask them if they have room. Most times you can come back in 1/2 to an hour and they will accomodate you. I tipped many of the staff but surprisingly, they didn't seem to expect it and were genuinely appreciative. I have stayed at the Ritz Carlton numerous times and believe me, this isn't it. But for value and bang for the buck it really can't be beat. We had a great time and I would recommend it to a friend in a minute. matter of fact, I told my sister that she and her husband should take their three kids there next summer. The mini kids' water park and the kids' club looked great. Hell, I might even join them.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	3	-1	

<Author>apickettrn
<Content>Better than expected! My husband and I were booked to stay at the Sunscape with 3 other couples. and were rerouted to the Barcelo after the Sunscape closed for renovations. After reading the other reviews of the Barcelo, I was scared to even get on the plane. I called the hotel to make sure I had a room in buildings 1-3, took plenty of $1 bills, bug spray and anti-diarrhea medicine. To my surprise, the trip was awesome!Check in took a long time, but the staff was nice, over worked and probaly not appreciated very much. Get a drink while you wait, you are on vacation!The renovated rooms were nicely decorated, clean, with a stocked mini-bar and flat screen TV. The view was absolutely beautiful! White sandy beaches, crystal blue water and the most palm trees I have ever seen. My husband  I stayed at the Hilton in Cabo San Lucas last month and the grounds at the Barcelo were nicer with much more energy and excitement in the air. I have been to Hawaii, Cancun, Cabo San Lucas, Ocho Rios and this was the most beautiful beach I have ever been to.No, the food is not great, but I think the spices are just different from what Americans are used to. The Italian is great, japanese pretty good. I recommend breakfast and lunch at the pool. You can book all of your reservations in advance. If you can't get a reservation to the restaraunt you desire, go directly to the restaraunt hostess (with a tip) and chances are you will get a table.Tipping - The DR is a very poor country. The Barcelo staff work 11 days straight, spending the night at the hotel and then go home for 3 days before returning to work. If you can afford the trip, you can afford to tip a couple of $1 bills. You will get a stocked mini-bar daily, all the beer, wine  champagne you can drink and the BEST service. All with a smile.Activities - I went to the spa for a massage ($75 for an hour). My husband played golf ($135 for golf, transportation and lunch). Both were good deals. We did the Marinarium snorkel excursion and it was fun. Pilates by the pool was more of a stretch class but fun. Michael Jackson night at the theater was a big hit. The casino was never very busy but we won on the slots and roulette; about $500 total. No diarrhea, no bug bites, just a great time. I would definitely go back!  
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	2	5	4	

<Author>shapau
<Content>loved pools beach, hated buffet food Firstly the beach and pools lovely and clean, Sports pool not as clean but the staff do try it is the fault of clients.un-renovated rooms okay but clean need the refurb,didnt get allocated new rooms but all good comments.Trapeze and climbing wall very good staff there brilliant especially paul.Beach towels get them early otherwise they dont have them.Dont complain to the reception staff about anything because they are the worst part of the hotel they completely ignore you.speciality restaraunts;- I liked all that i tried but you have a fight on your hands trying to get bookings (you cannot alter bookings or get any cancellations until 9am that day) at 9.01 the sign goes up saying all restaraunts fully booked. Buffet food terrible really bad, the cooking stations in there are quite good but the queues !!!!! as for the service in here it is terrible you have to search for plates, as for knives, forks,etc you have to take them from a table they are setting because you ask for them but they never bring them to you. also you can sometimes finish your meal before they bring you a drink, Bar service, there are a few barstaff that are okay but they do prefer to serve spanish speaking clients even though they know you have been waiting patiently for 15min. A lot of the bar queues would be helped if they had soft drink dispensers around the bars so that you could help yourselves.One tip on the buffet at lunch time give it a miss as the tex mex turns into an afternoon restaraunt without booking, you sometimes have to queue but it is well worth it ,ps no wet clothes which i agree with.Overall lovely pool ,beach a few good staff, rooms clean and okay you are not in there that long but the buffet food terrible and service except for a few terrible.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	5	3	1	2	-1	

<Author>plgrandy2002
<Content>Extremely Disappointed!       Dirty/Stained Living Room Couch  
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	2	1	1	3	

<Author>MELMONT
<Content>please go somewhere else There is no ac anywhere in the lobby or in any of the restaurants all you do is sweat non stop. there is ac in the rooms but i would have been better off having someone blow on me. the service is a joke we asked for a cot for the room they thought we wanted a cat, so it took three days to get it and it was at 3 am when they delivered it. the grounds are a little dirty, we saw a rat and a floating feces in the pool. the bathrooms throughout the hotel were rarely cleaned. we met some people who hated it so much they got an early flight back. the worst part is the food we all survived off of bread for the week. if you are thinking of this place because it is inexpensive keep looking you might be able to find something better for the same price or even spend the few extra hundred it would be well worth it, this place is a complete waste of money. last time i went me and my husband stayed at sun scape at the beach it was beautiful i would definitely recommend that place not this one.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	2	2	1	2	-1	

<Author>chuckamum
<Content>Great Hotel We just got back from our vacation and had a wonderful time. We were traveling with 8 people and had booked four rooms. The overall rating of this hotel is about a 4 which is what was stated when we booked at this hotel. Check In- Yes, the process could be improved but you need to remember that it is Punta Cana time. It took about 20 minutes to get checked in and all our rooms were not ready. We did get them by 4PM. They were not all together but they were in the same section. Section 3. Very nice section becuase it is in the middle of the hotel. Someone had written in to get an upgrade that would cost an addtional $20 per night because the hotel half of the hotel was under construction. We were going to but to me it was not worth it. Our rooms did have the flat screen TV and were very nice. Food- The food was good. If you are looking for American Food you are not going to get it because you are NOT in America. The red meat does not taste like our meat and was a little over cooked but the seafood was great! I tried all of it and never had any issues. Buffet for breakfast is great with two different cooking sections for your eggs anyway you liked them. If you want to eat at the special dinners make sure that you book on your first day because they fill up and you can not get in.Grounds- Great! Very well kept even with the bunch of slops that stayed in the hotel. I can't believe that we come down as guests and treat the people they way they we treat them. A couple of kids were throwing their trash to ensure that the staff had to pick up behind them. My only question is where were their parents. Casino- This is over in section 1. Slot machines are quarters only and not a lot of selection. Card tables were only black jack which I don't play. There is a BINGO table and roulette wheel but I was told not to play them so I did not. Service- The service was fantastic! Remember that a tip goes a long way for these people. We had no problem with prompt service but that was probably because we tipped and were nice to them. Some of the people that stay are just plain rude and nasty to the staff. If you are nice they will be nice to you. They do not have a great command of the english language but hey we are in their country not ours. Beach- I have been to Punta Cana and stayed at three hotels and this is the best beach that I have seen. The beach is completely white sand and soft. There is always a wonderful breeze so that you don't get too hot.....Trapeze- I actually did it! I am over forty and was very afraid because of the reviews but it is very safe and the staff there are great! It was truly an experience. Unlike alot of the hotels this one had plenty of seating around the hotel. You could always finds a place to have a seat and great a drink. All in all it was a great vacation. Remember if you want a 5 star hotel they stay in a 5 star hotel.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	2	4	-1	

<Author>KarenIpswich_MA
<Content>Loved the beach My daughters (ages 26  22)  I stayed here from 7/6-7/11/2008. We had a decent time but there were problems. Check in was a nightmare - spent 3 hours in the non-airconditioned lobby waiting while being told 20 more minutes or being ignored.However, once we did get to our room, it was clean,comfortable and had an balcony facing the ocean. Housecleaning was excellent- asked for lots of towels and got them. The fridge is stocked by someone else - just leave a dollar in it and it will be crammed full. The room AC was nice and cold!The beach and ocean are absolutely beautiful and the resort offers many water sports. The girls loved the boogie boards (and they are free for an hour at a time). I went down early each morning to secure a palapa, otherwise it would have been way too hot to stay on the beach for more than a short time although there is always a great breeze.The food was not great, but we always found something we could eat. The hotel caters to Europeans and Canadians- so don't expect American food. The Alcazar buffet is huge and comfortable (for breakfast and lunch), but we prefered the Marlin - smaller and could sit there in your bathing suits. Drinks were very sweet so we usually had the local presidente beer which was good.Getting into the specialty restaurants was tricky. There were suppose to be dining coupons given to us upon check-in. Others had them and apparently the hotel assigns a restaurant and a time for you. If you didn't get coupons or didn't like your assignments, you needed to go to the lobby and line up starting at 9am each day. It was a long and usually disappointing deal - we could only get 9:30 pm reservations. We liked the Italian the best. We also enjoyed the Tokyo (although my daughter was very ill the following 2 days). The Mexican had the nicest view, ocean breezes and good service, but the food was poor except for the chocolate mousse in the coconut shell. Keep in mind that most of the restaurants are not air-conditioned and are very hot. The hotel grounds are beautiful and were constantly being cleaned or repaired (with the exception of the gym - broken glass door and equipment in poor condition) The pools are nice - one has a swim-up bar and the other is more family  children oriented. The crew at the trampoline/rockwall/and trapeze were great - friendly and knowledgeable - fun and safe!Not much shopping - but several afternoons  evenings there were local vendors selling jewelry and pictures - we got some nice larimar and coconut necklaces and earrings.Outside of the hotel there was a flea market about a 20 minute walk away - it was just toooo hot to do it (and we are shoppers!)Little to no evening activities (casino and nightly shows were not impressive).So, if you are looking for lots of activities (other than the beach) this is not the island for you. We did have a good time because we are beach people and just needed to relax for a few days. We were glad that this was just a short trip - 5 nights was enough.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>2	3	4	3	4	1	3	3	

<Author>redfishromeo
<Content>Barcelo Premium Punta Cana NOT!       daughter on trapeze  
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	5	3	2	1	-1	

<Author>stanleywedding08
<Content>Our Weekend Wedding       Ceremony  
<Date>Jul 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>nolsen1
<Content>Do Yourself a Favor and Dont Book This Crap! Every summer my family and I travel to another country to relax and enjoy our vacations. We have been to the galapagos islands (which is the best place we have ever been), europe, australia and many others. This year we chose Punta Cana, Dominican Republic and let me tell you how BAD our experience was.First of all the staff is TERRIBLE. They are not polite and hate their job. They hate americans and tourists. Second, we stayed in the Bavaro Palace which is supposed to be a 5-star hotel. For us, it was like a 2-stars hotel... it looks like a big Econolodge hotel. Third, the food if TERRIBLE too. Flies are everywhere and even the breakfast cereal tastes like its been out of the box for months. Fourth, the pool is dirty.Fifth, The a/c lowest temperature in all rooms is 24 degrees which is HOT for most of the people from other countries.6) If you decide to drink from the all-inclusive menu you will be soon enjoying your vacations in the restroom. 7) Dont expect to see good looking people there. 90% of the tourists are cubans and mexicans. 8) EVERYTHING IS TERRIBLE HERE. DONT BOOK THIS HOTEL IF YOU ARE LOOKING FOR A 5 STAR HOTEL.On the flip side, the beach is nice but nothing like australia or the Galapagos... if you are looking for an out-of-this-world experience go for the Galapagos Islands... and stop in guayaquil for a few nights...people are great!  
<Date>Jul 10, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	5	1	1	1	1	

<Author>hols030993
<Content>Great time My husband and i went to Barcelo Punta Cana with our 13 year old daugher and quite enjoyed ourselves. I have read the reviews from some people and some things i agree with but others i dont think are justified, especially from the american and canadian people, they seem a bit far too fussy and obviously used to more of a higher standard than the british. Yes there were a few areas that need to be addressed ie food, entertainment, language barrier, but we are in their country not our own, and of course food is not going to be too great,. Whilst we were there we didnt starve, there was plenty too eat, although the main buffett restauraunt wasnt great there were the speciality restauraunts to choose from ie Roma, Tokyo, mexican Mirador and Marlin. On arrival they already have the restauraunts booked for you and you are given the slips on check in, so you dont have to mess around trying to get them booked early in the morning, unless obviously you want to change them. The staff are very nice, helpful, and accomadating and will do their best for you, and work really hard all day and through to the night. Beach is gorgeous, not enough shaded areas, but all the same very beautiful. Pool areas very nice, childrens area with slides, but only for toddlers mainly, but does have lifeguard supervising at all times. The grounds are very nice with lovely shrubbs and palms. Entertainment is not too good, considering they have a large ampitheatre, and very nice it is too, you would think they would have proper acts etc performing on it, but it is the animation team, and sometimes usually miming, so this could be addressed for the future. If you dont like birds, like myself, one or two do fly in the buffett restauraunt, ,steal food and fly off again, but if you sit close the the back they dont tend to bother you. We stayed in one of the renovated rooms and was pleasently suprised very nice with air conditioning, fan and proper shower. There is a hotel shop, but beware as it is very expensive and if you pay in dollers and they dont have change they will give your change back in pesos at a bad rate for exchange. Also get up early in the morning to reserve your sunbed and shade, or you wont get one, as we found out. Locals do come to this hotel for the weekends and it is crazy for the few days in the main buffett restauraunt and around the pool areas(be smart and book yourself the reservation restauraunts at this time to avoid the caios. At the bar areas there is plenty to drink, cocktails, cuba libre, and most of all Baileys and they were not watered down, if anything they were too strong. Tips do help with service, but not all the time, use your judgement. Trips. We done the Monster Truck Safari with Thomson, which i would fully recommend great day and plenty to drink with our guide Horselito, who was good fun. Cost $83 each but well worth it. It is the same price as every other rep in the hotel, so dont think you can get it any cheaper. As for the other trips we did, we booked with the hotel rep by reception and if your cheeky enough like my husband you can do a little bit of bartering re prices. We also did Manatarium, swimming with sharks  stingrays in a enclosure at sea, and also Sanoa Island, full day, travelled to the shallow waters in the sea by speedboat, and swam and drank Rum  coke on the floating bar, then onto the Island, had Lunch, relaxed and danced, then for our Journey home onto a catamaran, for more music dancing and drinking. Do not buy the dvd on this trip we did and luckily enough we had taken our portable dvd player incase of any bad weather, and tried it out when we got back, but it only played a introduction into the carribean for a few minutes and paused, and nothing else happened, husband saw rep, we booked the trip from and with a bit persuasion, he gave a refund for the dvd. Overall this was a great holiday, but it is also up to you to make it that way, afterall we go for the sun, sea, fun.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	2	5	-1	

<Author>Oceanbum123
<Content>*3-Star* Punta Cana is one of the most BEAUTIFUL places I have EVER seen. Barcelo is a nice place to stay for the money- and if you mostly just care about being outdoors. I am 22 and my boyfriend and I just went there to celebrate graduation. Our room was REALLY nice, I def. have to give the room 4 stars. The a la carte rest. are for the most part good, esp paris and tokyo. Beware of ITALY - took us FOREVER to get service and the food was YUCK. the buffett just simply SUCKS. so if you think you are going there to pig out think again. BRING A FLY SWAT. because its semi-outdoors and those little creeps are everywhere. So are birds, but they were cute. The shows are okay. The theatre is cool. Pools are very nice and the AMARETTO SOUR Is the best drink there. THE BRUGAL (RUM) is YUMMMMMM. BEWARE OF THE CASINO. They hand out little free bingo chips. We lost about 1700 dollars on one game of BINGO. Just save yourself the pain and dont go no matter how bored you are. Try really hard to get a ocean front room. The side view is not very good. BRING LOTS OF SUNSCREEN AND BUG SPRAY. Little sand fleas at night are [--] and will make you miserable. But other than that....o yea...keep your doors closed. Things tend to crawl in.I would go back here. But I would bring my own food.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	5	5	4	3	2	4	

<Author>AnimalZR2
<Content>5 Star surroundings, 3.5 stars service and food       View from the buffet... don't let them put you on a dark corner!  
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	3	2	1	3	

<Author>LT_Dallas
<Content>Beautiful resort and beach, questionable customer service For the positive - This is a beautiful resort with semi secluded beautiful beach and ocean. High marks for beauty and cleanliness. We stayed in a suite which was also 5star. For those traveling with children beware that there is topless sunbathing. The signs say for this to not happen at the pools, but it is not enforced. Same is true that it is posted to not reserve Cabana deck spots, you are not supposed to and everyone did. On certain days, local vendors are allowed in restricted areas of the resort to sell their wares. Nice for quick shopping, easy to avoid if you are not interested. You need to know what you want to drink to order it from the bar, alcohol or non-alcohol as there are no signs posted as to what is available. There is a language barrier as all the staff speak Spanish and most are not interested in communicating in any other way. The TVs are all Spanish channels. The food is fine, when you can get it. Be sure to reserve your spots at the restaurants. The pools are wonderful. Bars are accessible for drinks for walk-up service. No waitstaff to wait on you. Everything is self serve. We upgraded to the Premium Club which helped quite a bit. That staff was more interested in being helpful and providing a higher standard. There is a premium club room where one can go to relax, eat or drink. They also handle your check=in and check-out. The negative - If you plan to travel here, we must warn about the weekends. Apparantly this is when the locals are allowed on premise as well and it is an absolute zoo!! They are rude and pushy. On the weekend we could not eat, they literally took the food from my children's plates and knock you out of line at the buffet. They splash and takeover all of the pool and beach activities and don't allow others to play. On the weekend, everything, and I am not exaggerating, became a full contact sport to just get anything accomplished from grabbing a towel to trying to get a frenchfry. Monday thru Friday - the place was laid back and relaxed with plenty to go around for all. The other negative - with the exception of a few, the staff is not interested in helping you. For example, we paid for an expensive 2 bedroom suite (1 room for the 2 kids, 1 room for us). When it was time for bed, we pulled out the sleeper sofa for the kids and it was literally broken and completely unusable; without any linens. We called Premium Club and also main reception 4 times on this over a 2 hour period for some assistance, every time we were promised someone would come, and no one ever did. We did not even have linens for the sofa bed! The first night, my children had to sleep on the floor as they had no bed. Rosa, with Premium Club, had the bed fixed for our 2nd night. As I said, a few are willing to help, you need to find the few.To Know - do not drink the water, only bottled water. There is a dress code in the restaurants. Limited non-motorized watersports. This is a large resort, spread out. It takes a little bit to learn the layout and what is available.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	2	1	-1	

<Author>pelicanosLancashire
<Content>Not my first choice We returned from the Barcelo Punta Cana on the 17th June 2008 after going there for my nephews wedding. There was 30 people in our party and I was quite excited as I havent travelled to the Caribbean before but was recommended by my brother in law who has been 5 times but not to this resort. To say the least I was quite disappointed. The room wasnt up to scratch. The maid used to try and get in your room at 8.10am every morning and then it was only usually cleaned at 5.30pm onwards when you were waiting to shower to go out. The evening entertainment was practically non existant. The entertainment was in The Theatre Bar which was absolutely stifling and you had a job to keep your eyes open. When the show finished approx 10,30pm that was it then you had to go to the two bars which to be honest the service was atrocious. Not the staffs fault at one point there was one person serving with about 20 at the bar. It was ridiculous.On a positive note the beach area and daytime entertainment around the pool was superb. I enjoyed the monster truck and Seona Island apart from the travelling involved.I would probably go to the Dominican Republic again but not for a very long time and definitely not to the Barcelo Punta Cana!  
<Date>Jul 4, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	4	2	2	1	-1	

<Author>rougetraveler
<Content>Pack a lunch! Very nice hotel, great pools, beach is gorgeous, rooms are nice and comfortable. Food is friggin' horrible! Not only is the food kinda nasty, but be carefule b/c it will make you ill. Imodium AD ill!! Where's my Rolaids ill! Tokio restaurant is the best place to eat, but hard to get seating.The service is a bit negligent. I can't tell you how many times the public restrooms were out of toilet paper... and all things considered... I needed TP! Requested extra towels on second day and I'm still waiting. On another day the housekeeper totally forgot to restock towels and I had to ask FIVE times, including going down to the desk and refusing to leave until they gave me towels.You are on their feeding schedule. If you sleep in a bit late, but not realllllly late... you're screwed. Late night hungries... you get shriveled up chicken wings and undercooked fries. Granted food was not my primary objective, but a girl needs energy to lounge in the sun  drink unlimited drinks. OH - stay away from Coco Loco's too... coconut water is natural laxative.DO the excursions... Saona Island, Santo Domingo, etc. The weekends bring the locals, and subsequent racism ('oh my god, they let the Dominicans in!!) ... um, you're in DR... don't be a jerk... Decent hotel, nice price, but I'm sure there's better.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2008
<Rating>2	4	5	5	4	4	2	4	

<Author>ImaWonderer
<Content>Honest review with nothing good to say.       Beautiful beach and sunrise  
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	1	1	3	

<Author>Adiamond08
<Content>You Could Write a Book This was the first family vacation for me in three years and it was the worste. The only good thing was the Beach and pool, but could have been better. please do not read this and think i am a picky person or miserable. this truly was horric for the thousands of dollars our family spent on this trip and we could't even have a decent meal (breakfast, luch or dinner- A LA CARTE or Buffett)This resort was not our original hotel, (SunScape was)we were placed here by our travel agent per her recommenation. From the moment of check-in it was down hill. The service was extemely Baddd. There was no smiles on the workers faces only the time of the Green Dollar bill, they would not even except their own money, times is hard for every one and money is money. Also there is very bad to none ventilation in this hotel meaning that , if You dont request for one the newly remodeled( if u want to call it that) rooms.U will probally end up with a mil-dewed, sweat shop type of room. We did stay at one of the new rooms but i Had the oppertunity to sleep with roaches, if this is premium I don't even want to know what Standard is. our beach view was a view of a construction site, where locals sit and wait for a possible job oppurtunity and then u Have the ones that work in the resort that cant even say Hello and barely the site of the beach at all. The food was absolutely Horrible. Me and my family nibbled on food that i wouldnt even feed my dog. also my Family had the pleasure of dining with RATS. we did inform our agent of this nature, and pretty much nothing was done, for we were there and the money was in her pocket.. Please review ALL reviews before taking the jump into this place... Beware and don't say i didn't tell u So..  
<Date>Jun 29, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	2	1	1	

<Author>Shmilesey
<Content>Mostly great but some negatives       Barcelo front entrance  
<Date>Jun 29, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>TravelTiffa
<Content>Great beach, teens invade for grad       blue ocean  
<Date>Jun 27, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	3	2	4	-1	

<Author>Its_Just_Me5
<Content>Don't Go To Barcelo Premium Punta Cana For weeks leading up to this vacation, I was planning to have the time of my life. This resort is unforgettable for the worst reasons! We arrived in the Punta Cana airport and were escorted into what looks like a Tiki Hut. You will need $10 per person to get into the country. They don't take traveler's checks so have the cash prepared. Our luggage came out in a timely manner, but on a different luggage claim belt than what the monitor's claimed. After we claimed our bags, we had to find our tour company that was going to take us from the airport to Barcelo. We were told to walk into a parking lot with about 100+ vans, and little other guidance. After finally getting to the resort, we had to check in. I am not going to explain my fiasco but it is exactly like the others here. Long lines, a long wait, and nobody that speaks English.We were escorted to our room. It was a new room in the renovated section of building 3. Our room was very nice for the exception of it wouldn't exactly get cold. The A/C could never get the room cold enough. The fridge was stocked, but again....not cold. Crank the fridge up to 9 or 10. It makes a great difference when you come in from the beach. My fiancee asked for 6 days straight to get more towels so she could wrap one around her hair. We are still waiting for it to show up. The beach and pool are gorgeous. The sand is so soft and the water may look rough from a distance, but it's great! The pools are wonderful. They were always clean and seats were always able to be found. The alcohol is watered down and bartenders are not consistent. Some bartenders are better, but the alcohol is cheap and variety is lacking. It's pretty much generic rums, and vodkas. The wine is just disappointing. Don't bother.I will try to be kind about the food. It was terrible so prepare to loose a few pounds on this vacation. There isn't much to eat at this place. Breakfasts were tolerable. The buffet has a guy making omelettes. These are tolerable at best. Stay away from fruits and the milk. The milk is not pasteurized. Lunches are okay. Try the burgers next to the pool. They aren't too bad. The fries are close to what we find here in the states. Load up on these because dinner will be bad. They have white rice at the buffet near the pool. Stick with that. You will need it to settle your tummy. The specialty restaurants are all lousy. The best (and it isn't great) are Tokyo and Roma. The seafood, Dominican, buffet, TexMex and French are barely eatable. There isn't a place to get chips or snacks that remind us of home. Customer service at this resort is terrible. I had several problems and they didn't seem to want to satisfy my problems. If you can speak Spanish, it may help your cause. Overall, I would not recommend this place at all. Please just spring for the extra couple of dollars and find a different resort. It was a waste of a vacation. Boiling it down to the basics.....DON'T GO TO BARCELO PREMIUM PUNTA CANA  
<Date>Jun 27, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	3	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>aprilanne
<Content>Honest review Just got back last week. My husband and I go somewhere different each year, and know what to expect from an all inclusive resort. So here is my honest review.The resort itself is beautiful. The grounds are well kept. The pools are both great. The beach (white powdery sand) is wonderful and probably the best beach spot in Punta Cana (Very Long stretch and very wide). The water is beautiful ,very big waves that will knock you down if you aren't careful.(Probably not so good for smaller children) The animation team wasn't as involved as most at other resorts. There was definetly a lack of interaction here with them. The nightly shows weren't that good, although they do try very hard. The food at this resort was absolutely the WORST that we've ever had at an all inclusive. Keep in mind we don't expect much from all inclusives, but do expect edible. Watch out for the bacon (I got bacon for them to put in my omelet and when I went to crumble it up for them to put in my eggs it still had about 5 black pig hairs still attached) ewwwwww! Needless to say I didnt have an omelet after that! Toykio was the best by far. The El Mirador (by the new pool was pretty good for lunch). Paris was pretty good. Italian and Dominican Resturants were HORRIBLE!!! We didnt try the Marlin. I basically lived off of bread, fruit, and french fries all week. (And I am in NO WAY a picky eater) LOL It was ok though at least I didnt pig out on vacation!! Service was VERY slow it took us 2 1/2 hours at the Italian Resturant for 2 of us. But it's ok you're on vacation. You just have to go with the flow. Workers weren't very friendly at all. They rarely smiled or anything. Last year we went to LaRomana, DR and OMG the people there were AMAZING and SOOOOOOO friendly. That's why we chose the DR again for this year. We fell in love with the people and the beauty of the Island. Fridge didnt get stocked the first 2 days, so I finally got the guy out in the hall and he told me sorry and to leave him a note on top of fridge of what I needed each day. So I did along with 2 dollars each day for him and my fridge was stocked every day. Renovated rooms are WONDERFUL. It is definetly worth the upgrade!!!!! It did rain on us one day, for 12 hours, so I was REALLY glad that day that we had upgraded to a new room with oceanview!!! We just ate lunch, opened our balcony doors to hear and see the rain and took a nap. LOL Didn't let it put a damper on our vacation!! We didn't have to be at the airport until 3:00 on the day of our departure, so we asked for a comp room so that we could shower before we went to airport(since you have to be out of your room by 11:30) So we turned in our luggage and went to the pool to enjoy our last few hours. Well, when we went to comp room to shower EWWWWWWWWWWWWW. The room was filthy!!!!! Smelled HORRIBLE. There were dirty towels everywhere, dirty diaper on the bathroom floor. We didnt have time to say anything we just got in shower with our flip flops on, and hurried up so we could make our flight!! Don't get me wrong, it is very nice of them to give you a room to take a shower before you leave, and I didnt expect it to be spic and span clean, but that was just plain grosssss!  Conclusion: I fell in love with Dominican Republic last year, and will definetly go back again. However, I think that more people need to visit LaRomana instead of Punta Cana. It is much nicer in my opinion for many reasons. First, LaRomana(Carribean Ocean) Punta Cana (Atlantic Ocean) Not a whole lot of difference in color of water, but much more calm in LaRomana (Better for snorkeling)Second, People are SOOOOOOO Much friendlier in LaRomana. They treat you like family!! Third, Food is better quailty in LaRomana( probably due to the fact that there are quiet as many tourists there yet, so they can use better quaility)Lastly, Because it is soooooooo much closer to do many of the excursions (if you like to do them) Not stuck on a bus for 2 hours each way to get to where you go to Saona Island or Altos De Chavon. If you go Altos de Chavon is definetly a site worth seeing. Anyway I wish you all a wonderful vacation, and remember it is what you make of it, so ENJOY, it goes by fast!! I have lots of pics from LaRomana and Punta Cana if anyone wants to see them. Also if you have any questions feel free to ask!!!  
<Date>Jun 25, 2008
<Rating>3	3	5	3	3	3	2	3	

<Author>staceylouiseoconnor
<Content>Worst holiday of my life! What was supposed to be a dream holiday turned out to be a nightmare i wanted to forget! Where to start??? The service was unbelieveable, unless you carry a 10 dollar bill with you everytime you go to the bar don't expect to get served and even then be expected to wait up to 20 minutes a time-would not believe but is very true! There is no table service throughout the whole holiday everything is pretty much self-serviced, staff maners the worst i have ever seen.Rooms never cleaned and shower did not work properly but was not fixed again due to improper service no clean towels and when rang for towels had to wait an hour and a half. Fridge in your room was also not stocked with anything unless you gave them 10dollars a day!Rooom also flooded but was not fixed and had workers on the roof above us at early hours of the morning.Do not leave money aroung in your room even as little as 1 dollar it will not be there when you return.No sence of security or safety, one evening we had a strange man peeing on our door we rang for reception and after half an hour we had to ourselfs go down to reception and ask why no one had come to see us i dread to think if someone was attacked what would happen. Another couple we also met had their room broken into and their valubles stolen and again nothing was done!People are free to walk in and off the complex if they are not staying at the hotel which was also very worrying!the list s endless, but i would not wish my worst enemy to stay at this hotel and have had better service in Blackpool!  
<Date>Jun 25, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>Dani99
<Content>Great time at the Barcelo!!!!       Lobster dinner on the beach  
<Date>Jun 24, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>BeachDreamer77
<Content>Wonderful All-inclusive Adventure       More Beautiful Beach!  
<Date>Jun 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>mavtina
<Content>Don't Waste Your Money We went with two young children. They enjoyed the kid's area-pool with slides and such. However, our room was never cleaned before 5:00 PM after a phone call requesting it. The staff did not speak English. We were in the better refurbished room , but it had a leak in the bathroom that made it impossible to use the sink. The staff seemed resentful and unfriendly. They looked right through you if you didn't have a tip for them. The food made us sick-flys everywhere. Save your money stay home.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	2	1	1	

<Author>mmarte11
<Content>NIGHTMERE IN BARCELO HELL Thanks to my travel agent who stuck us, a party of 10 people, in the Barcelo Premium Punta Cana Resort was the worst vacation I have ever had. We booked originally to Sunscape Punta Cana and 6 days before we leave on vacation the travel agent from Liberty Travel states that Sunscape has closed and she was notifying us the same day Sunscape contacted her (6 days before we leave) and she stated we are going to Barcelo Premium Punta Cana and we did not have a choose in the hotel we wanted. The travel agent highly recommended the place and said she stayed there and she loved it. I found a few good reviews on Tripadvisor but my sister found horrible review a few days before we left. God we should have just cancelled the trip and lost the money because this hotel is not a 3  star is a 1 star hotel. When we get to the hotel we booked for ocean view at Sunscape and what did we get at Barcelo Mildew View, yes mildew running down from the ceiling to the wall. That was discus ting and sickening. No way was all these kids staying in those smelly and mildew room to get sick. It took us 4 hours to get a check in and then request a better room. The food was horrible; when you ate the food guar teed we all went to the bathroom a few hours later with bad stomach pains. The kids were so sick that they stayed in the room for 2 days, what a vacation right. Don even try the al a carte restaurant because they are no good either. We booked one night at the seafood restaurant and because we were 10 people they decided to sit us outside the restaurant next to the pool area and feed us at 9 pm. That was so embarrassing and top it off there was a huge rat that ran next to our table. Imagine all of us screaming and we told the manager and guess what they said, h we dont have a rat no you must of seen wrong? we know what a rat is that beast looked like he was a guest at the resort. We found mold in the bread, and hair in the salad also. The customer service was the worse the employees ignore you and not even a smile instead look at you if you were from outer space or something. At the buffet we went to get food and I left my cell phone on the table by the time I got back with my food the cell phone was gone, yeap it was stolen and when I claimed my phone they all said we don know about it we did not see anything. Top it off I tried 4 phone calls to Sprint and I kept asking the reception area why I cant call the US and they told me h we don take 800 or 888 phone calls?? This unset me alot because I was paying $1.00 per min. and they tell me that my calls were not going through. At the end I had a bill of $20.00 calling my brother in the US to get sprint to call me at the hotel. Sprint stated 2 calls were done within the Dominican Republic in the last 30 minutes and I had lost my phone already for almost 2 hours. The rooms if you go to this hotel try to get an upgraded room in building 1-3 but just to let you know you won get towels if you don request it, also toilet paper and you will sleep with guest in your room he roaches? My sister in law had a roach going up her arm when she was taking a nap. We were always at the reception area requesting that our rooms get cleaned and have supplies but it took several times before they did that. And be prepare when the housekeeping people go up to give you towel they will only give you 1 towel even if there are more people in the room. There is no activity for the kids to play except at night at the sports bar there are games for them, that is where our teenagers were most of the nights while we were at the other room for adults. The only good thing this hotel had well was the sports bar. The employee, JUAN CARLOS AND ANELY was the kindest and nicest employee we met at the hotel. They should not be working there since they are so nice and welcome everyone. So if you do go to this hotel go and meet Juan Carlos and Anely they are the only two employees there working? If you are booking to this resort I would not recommend it not even to my worst enemy. We are back home thank god and time to see a doctor because our stomach is not right after this vacation. What a way to throw money down the drain on a vacation. Oh yeah and the ocean is not Caribbean water it is the Atlantic Ocean. It will be a very long time before we ever go visit D.R. again and booking with Liberty travel never again for this horrible experience that we had.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>pompomlancs
<Content>honest review We have just returned from the Barcelo Premium Punta Cana and after reading some reviews I was looking forward to it. We were a large wedding party.On arrival the reception was very slow to book us all in, we went to our rooms which were allocated in the old blocks these are not good rooms, the one we were given smealt damp and musty we were offered air freshener, we did not want the room and asked for a room in the new block, if your American you get these automatically we had to pay an extra 110 for this as did others. These rooms are very nice. The old rooms come with many problems and others in the party were moved twice.Although the place is very impressive after a couple of days we started to find the service was unacceptable and not the fault of the staff, they are seriously under staffed and many people were complaining. Our room was only cleaned 3 times during the day the rest of the time it was app between 6.30pm to 8pm so at times were we wanted to be out for dinner we told the maid not to bother.The pools are excellent and no problems with sun loungers or towels.The new Theatre complex is a fantastic building which is seriously under utilised and the shows became the same and monotonous, just a different dance combination every night.The food although massive choice we serioulsy started to doubt after at least 8 of are party were ill myself included.The trips were good value and we enjoyed the days out of the complex.The setting of this hotel is very nice indeed, however it is ruined by the total lack of service you would accept after speaking with some staff we were informed that most people complain about the service or lack of it. The barcelo group must be making a lot of money from this complex and they seriously need to double its staff and maybe pay them as some work for nothing to learn languages.We did have a good holiday because we were a large group and the wedding day was lovely. if we were on our own it would not have been the same.I myself will never return  
<Date>Jun 18, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	2	4	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>ramangill
<Content>Affordable, but not worth it!!!! OK, We went from 02/28/08-03/06/08. Weather - Beautiful, amazing. When it rained, IT RAINED, but only for 5 minutes and then it just gets hot all over again.Beach/Water - One of the best I have ever seen.Amenities - From the beach side, there is lots, but $$$$. If you don't find it at the resort, just walk over to next or the one after and you will find it.Pools. Pretty good. On the older side was old looking but more up beat. On the newer side, more quiet and no music. More for relaxing but it looked amazing!!!!Food - The rest. on the new side is the only place worth going as well as the buffet. Don't trust the food anywhere else and never ask for water there.Alcohol - Crap. All generic brand unless you go to the new side. Strongly recommend you bring a bottle yourself. Beers are crap as well. We just ended up going to the resort next door and grabbing drinks there and walking back.Towel Service - This is the worst. First off, you have to wait hours and hours to get a towel. Everytime you ask them, 5 minutes......5 minutes. By our 6th day, I just lost it on the poor towel boy and management. What do you know...5 minutes later, I get fresh towels...but just me...no one else did. The worst part of my trip was the towel service. At the end you have to return your towels or towel cards to the front desk or you get charged. What kind of a hotel is this???Rooms - Unless you are on the Blocks on the new side, FORGET ABOUT IT!!!! I think they are Blocks 3, 1, 2. They are much nicer and the staff over there is better. We had block 6. Holy crap, if you were not out of your room by 8:30AM, they would not come back to your room to clean it. We had to tip the cleaning staff that much more just to get our room clean. But to be honest, you don't really stay in your room all that long during the day. Just be sure to ask for clean sheets. Otherwise they just use the same ones again. Trust me. I had a pen and marked my sheets with a mark, and for the first 2 days...SAME SHEETS.Vendors - Holy crap...guy or girl they will grope you. Haggle, haggle, haggle...you will get it for the amount you want to pay.Customer Service - Pretty crappy if you ask me. Certain people might be nice to you and you just got to stick with them. Otherwise....GOOD LUCKOverall the trip was OK cause there was 4 of us so we made the best of it. Would I go back to Punta Cana...hell yes...same resort..HELL NO!!!!!  
<Date>Jun 17, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	3	1	2	1	1	

<Author>ishanley
<Content>Barcelo Premium in Punta Cana; Impressive       The hotels majestic property is indeed breathtaking  
<Date>Jun 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>njbelmarbeach
<Content>Enjoyed Barcelo Premium I have stayed at many hotels in Punta Cana and the rooms were very far from the beach, pools and restaurants. This was perfect. The pools and beach were great. Be aggressive but nice when you check in and and ask for a renovated room. Building 3 is the best. Be sure you have oceanview. This will be a five star hotel when all the renovations are done. The food was not the best but I have found on the islands things are different. Go with the flow. You have so much to choose from, you will not starve. Stay by the older pool with the bar in the water in the afternoon. A lot of fun going on there. I won a large bottle of champagne playing bingo. I travel quite a bit but this is the best price for an all inclusive anywhere. 6 days with direct airfair from Newark,NJ ($770) I will be going back in Jan. Go with a great attitude and enjoy this place. You are on vacation!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Jun 4, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	3	5	-1	

<Author>emmaandjohn
<Content>Our first holiday together       Our upgraded room in block 3  
<Date>Jun 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	2	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Bigfus2
<Content>Affordable Paradise We read at least 50 reviews before we booked our trip for May 19 -26 so here goes. Please read princessbubbles77 trip report of May 21 because she stayed in the same room as we did (3333) and had a similar good experience. Her TR was very thorough.The beach is awesome: Turquoise water and powdery white sand. Supposedly, even the beaches at the resorts on either side of Barcelo Premium are not as nice. The two pools are lovely and kept up nicely. The beach and these two pools are so nice, that I would have given this resort an Excellent even if there weren't other good things about it. I think there is discussion about whether this is a 3 or a 4 star resort because all the rooms aren't renovated yet. If we had been given an old room that was musty we wouldn't have been happy. As it was, we were given a newly renovated room which included a flat screen TV, pillow top mattress and no musty smell. The shower needs some kind of shower curtain because the 3x5 plexiglass shield does not keep water from going all over the bathroom. The minibar is stocked with water bottles, soda and Brama beer (not as good as Presidente but it will do). Being able to get water bottles all over the resort really keeps you hydrated and healthy. The food is just okay but I don't eat meat and the fish that I wasn't familiar with didn't appeal to me. I don't expect the food in the Caribbean to be good, but compared to other places that I stayed at, the food at Barcelo was the best. We liked the Tokio Hibachi restaurant and went there two times, although the grills make it hot in there. Roma, the Italian restaurant was quite good and air conditioned. I had a dessert there that was incredible. There were also gourmet desserts put out at the buffet that were quite delicious too. I liked the seafood restaurant El Marlin more than my boyfriend did, but I had lobster kabobs, even though I know the lobster in the Caribbean is chewy. With it out of the shell I could enjoy it more. The buffet changes a bit in the evening and on some nights it was better than others. There was a nice selection at the buffet in the morning, but it was kind of a pain getting your plate together. If you wanted toast you had to wait for it to go through the toasting machine and you had to get it before you got your eggs or else everything would be cold. I liked the cocktails. I couldn't tell that the beer in the tap wasn't Presidente but I drank mostly Pina Coladas and Strawberry Daquaris. They use just white rum for the pina coladas and the strawberry daquaris have a nice hint of lime and I liked them. I only tried Mamajuana on the last night but wished I had tasted it before that because I quite liked it. It tasted like grog to me and you can drink it without getting full. I thought the service was pretty darn quick, though I don't speak Spanish and that causes some delays and miscommunication. The entertainment in the evening was fine, though I wish they would cut out the lip synching and just stick with the dancing, which is quite good. The bonfire night was fun with the activities people playing funny group games and then lighting the bonfire and throwing fuel on it a few times. The disco did have a funny musty smell and I could have told my BF beforehand that he wouldn't like the music, which was dominican, some top 40 and some oldies. I'm a gambler and I play video poker in Atlantic City, so of course we hit the casino. They were handing out match play coupons for blackjack but I don't play table games. They have a table to play live poker but I never saw anyone playing. If you're familiar with video poker pay tables, it was funny to me that it's the same at the Barcelo Premium as it is in AC -- only one of the (7) machines had decent pay tables. We both played 9/7 DB for a small profit each. I would have played through my profit but my BF kept me in check. :-) The machines were from the Bellagio - they had plastic plates that listed them as such. You could put US bills into the machine but pay outs were in tokens to be redeemed at the cashier. A $100 pay out was a hand pay and the machine starts a-ringing. I too thought that Rahinel in activities was especially nice. He made a point to try to impart as much Spanish knowledge at the lesson in the pool bar at 10am as he could. Later he offered to sell us a CD of the Dominican music that they played, including the resort theme song that they do their little dance to for $10 and we're enjoying it now at home.Overall, this was the nicest Caribbean vacation I've ever been on, and beach vacations are not my preference to begin with. I hope that we won't be priced out of Barcelo Premium once the renovations are done and they work on more upgrades. We never left the resort and there was plenty for us to do. I'm looking forward to going back again. One note: Don't forget that the liquid restrictions on the plane are the same going into the DR as they are leaving it. I remembered to jam my hand cream into my checked luggage before we went through security, but completely forgot.... DOH!... that we were hand carrying bottles of alcohol that we had bought in the hotel as souvenirs. We were furious that they wouldn't let us back to check them but what were we thinking? No liquids over 3 ounces! After we calmed down we re-bought Rum and Mamajuana (not as good as the homemade stuff in the hotel) at the airport.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>billoga
<Content>Great beach, beautiful resort grounds but...       rooms where gorgeous!!  
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	2	3	4	

<Author>princessbubbles77
<Content>Would DEFINITELY go back - a taste of PARADISE!!       View from our room #3333 - oceanview  
<Date>May 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	4	2	

<Author>SunSeekingFlo
<Content>Barcelo Punta Cana Date: May 2008Reviewer: Trip Advisor Member, Detroit, MichiganBarcelo Premium Punta Cana was fabulous! Our room was better than the advertisement with vaulted wood ceilings and ceiling fan. There was a flat screen TV, not to mention the balcony by far this was one of the best hotel rooms I have ever had. The staff was very friendly and accommodating. The pool was a surprise; the reviews don mention the new pool with the built in chaise loungers. I was very surprised and pleased with these accommodations. The beach was unlike any that I have seen the sand was so clean, no rocks or shells. Unlike the other Americans I found it a bit of adventure to try and communicate. Using my Spanish phrase book helped me to communicate and was appreciated by the locals. We took the excursion to the Samoan island on the catamaran, the ride was a little choppy but the scenery was unbelievable. We stopped at a sandbar on the way back and saw the largest starfish I have ever seen. This was one of the most relaxing and sunny trips I have had.  
<Date>May 20, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>capegirl08
<Content>There's always one in every group.........       and i save the worse for last.....hahaha  
<Date>May 20, 2008
<Rating>3	3	5	3	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>Danyette
<Content>This Place was WONDERFUL! Hi there?. I vowed during my stay at the Barcelo Premium Punta Cana that I would definitely come back and write my review of this resort since I studied the reviews to make my decision... so here it goes?br/>First?here is some background so you can visualize who we are, so you can understand where we are coming from (I think this would have helped me).My name is Danyette and my husband name is Carlos. We live in the Florida of the USA. I am 31 and my husband is 35. We are middle class Americans living in a nice home where I work as an attorney and my husband is a banker. We are not the kind of people to stay in a motel and/or gross environment.With that being said?after reading many many reviews and looking at travelers photos we decided on Barcelo Premium Punta Cana for our honeymoon. Although it was not being displayed as the highest of the resorts in Punta Cana, this one had better reviews then others for the price we wanted to pay. Plus, all of the pictures looked really nice. But, after reading negative reviews, I started to get nervous as the day got closer.So here is my review?What the hell is everyone (--------) about???? This place was wonderful! !! and I can say that enough! Wonderful Wonderful Wonderful!Arrival: We stayed at this resort from May 6th through the 11th for our honeymoon. It was only approximately 30 minutes from the airport. First we made a stop at the Bahia Principe to drop off other people and I can remember thinking.. that place looks nice?maybe we should have booked there? And then I prayed that ours would be somewhat comparable. And it was and maybe even better!!!!! We pulled up and the place was beautiful. We checked in around 4:00 p.m. and we were the only ones checking in, so it went quick. I must admit, one positive thing for us was that my husband does speak Spanish very fluently and that was a huge help. As we checked in, he told the guy that it was our honeymoon and asked for a room in buildings 2 or 3 and slipped the guy a 20. We did this because I had read in previous reviews that Buildings 1,2 and 3 were the renovated rooms and you definitely wanted that. He gave us a room in Building 3 on the 3 floor (or maybe it was 4 floor, depended on what elevator you used.. ha ha). Also, while we were checking in, we inquired about dining reservations. He gave us two for later in the week and said that dining changes and reservations must be done before 4:00, so to come back tomorrow morning to make any additional reservations or changes. Then he told us that he had a few cancellations for that evening and gave us a choice of 3. We chose the Japanese Steak House. I will tell you about food further down. Also.. we did come back the next day to make changes and new reservations and everything was fine. Rooms: As I mentioned before?our room was in building 3 so it was a renovated room. It had a flat screen TV on the wall, renovated bathroom, new bedding?it was just great. It had a small refrigerator (that had water, coke, sprite and beer), as well as a safe to use freely and easily. I recommend you take advantage of that. Not that we had any problems, but better to be safe then sorry. The maid service was fine and they did restock the refrigerator with beer daily.. We brought 100.00 in ones just for tips and therefore, we just left a few dollars in the refrigerator every morning before we left. As for the maid, we left her a few dollars every day as well on the bed. A few of the days we also left the maid some candy and school supplies I brought from the states with characters and paints and things like that. We always had fresh towels and honestly there are no complaints. Pool / Beach: The pool was awesome, actually BOTH pools were awesome! There was one pool that had a DJ and swim up bar and was more of an activity pool. The other pool had a sundeck in the book to sit on in the water as well as built in lounges in the pool, which were awesome! It also had a large area with jets to sit in. In other reviews I read, people mentioned that it was difficult to get a beach towel or chair in the shade. Well, we never had an issue finding a chair in the shade or sun and due to the reviews we brought our own beach towels, so we were fine. However, I must say, every time I passed the beach towel hut, there was always plenty of towels and always an attendant there. So I am not sure why so many complaints on this (unless they were there in a much busier season and then?this is to be expected so deal with it). The place was so big that it never seemed overly crowded and plenty of people were staying there.The beach was stunning and just beautiful. They have all kinds of sports for you to do for free. Go to the hut and check out what is available. The water is just so perfect! Food: Ok?this is an important subject?so read this! The food seems to be the area in which so many people complain about in their reviews. I was so worried after reading all the bad food reviews that I loaded my suitcase with lots of snacks from home. Then after staying at the resort, this is what I discovered. Because you are eating in the Dominican Republic (a Latin country) they cook with a Latin flare. Meaning?if you are not used to Latin food and/or seasoning, it is going to be different for you. Since I am from Tampa, Florida and married into a Latin family, I am very used to Latin foods (such as plantains, stews, yucca, pork chops and such) and I love and use Spanish seasonings when I cook (such as Adobo, sazon and mojo). Therefore, we thought the food was great! However, I did notice that even in the Japanese steak house they season the chicken and beef with Spanish seasoning (which made us love it more) but may be different then what you are used to. For breakfast and lunch you had the buffet inside and the one by the pool. You could always find something to eat (whether it be the strange Latin dishes or crapes, French toast, omelets and always an assortment of Fresh Fruit. Also, we ate all the veggies and fruit and tried all the food and not once did we get sick! For lunch, there was also a grill outside by the pool serving pork chops (which is a huge Latin favorite) and chicken and burgers. My hubby probably ate 3 pork chops every day. For dinner you had the inside buffet or the 5 reservation restaurants. At the buffet for dinner they had their local cuisine (some weird and different and some really really good) but they always had something to eat such as a pasta and salad bar. We were only able to try three of the reservation restaurants (Roma, Tokyo and Marlin). All three of these restaurants were great! I also heard people giving lots of compliments about the Paris restaurant that we wish we had more time to try. Anyway, all of it was great and we had no complaints about the food at Barcelo. My advice to you is.. travel with an open mind knowing you are going to a Latin Country who had different foods and preparations then we do. Same goes for anyone who visits different countries in Europe, it is all different so enjoy the experience! You are on vacation! Drinks and Bars: My only small complaint was that most of the bar and staff is not overly friendly (especially the bars on the inside), however, we were not there to socialize with staff anyway. Plus, my husband spoke to one of them and come to find out, they work 12 hour days, 13 days in a row and then only two days off. I must admit, if I had to work those hours, I wouldn be all smiles either. Also, I noticed lots of the guests were often rude and demanding, so I am sure this gets old for the staff too. Anyway, per the previous reviews we brought big insulated cups for our drinks and never had a problem getting them filled with a few dollar tips here and there. The pina coladas were great and I had mimosas (champaign and orange juice) for breakfast every day! Two bartenders that were awesome were Felix at the beach bar (tell him Dany and Carlos said hi!) And Maribel at the pool swim up bar?she was awesome and always worried about everyone safety (since it was a bar in the pool). I read previously about her in reviews and about her aribel Special?so when I got there and saw that it was her, I was excited and ordered a Maribel Special. It was AWESOME order it for sure! She was super nice and could not believe I had heard about her from the internet? She was a sweetie. But be careful?I sat there for a few hours with her?and then I don remember much else after that?ha ha! My husband said I crawled out of the pool and passed out for a few hours on a lounge chair?whatever is in her drinks is strong! Plus we met some great friends at her bar from Canada (Hi Dave, Carl, Stephane and Vanessa) We hope to visit with them again! Last comment on drinks?DR coke is awful?much sweeter then in the states?so be prepared?Entertainment and Excursions: We did not do any other excursions. We tried to get into the deep sea fishing but tried too late and it was full. We were fine with staying at the resort though?since it was our honeymoon we just enjoyed taking it easy and being with each other. We never made it to any of the shows either. The one place we did go one time was the sports bar that had pool tables, darts and air hockey. Otherwisee kept to the pool, beach and inside bar areas.To sum up?this place was awesome! I have figured out that some people are not happy with anything. Most everyone we ran into was having a GREAT time and even said they could not understand how anyone could give this place a bad review. However?here is an example for you on how there is always someone?we happened to be there at the same time as the calendar shoot for the Philadelphia Eagles Cheerleaders (which the majority of them were ages 18, 19 and 20 ?very young and immature)?and although they were ok (nice)?they complained and moaned about anything and everything. I think they thought that since they were cheerleaders, they should be treated like stars. Don get me wrong, there were a few older cheerleaders that we talked to that were having a great time and even rolled their eyes at the others?but most of the young ones found it necessary to complain and make things up to complain about. Silly and definitely a buzz kill. My husband only complaint was the vendors they let on the property every other day during the evening to sell their things.. they were pushy and annoying and yes quite irritating. But as I told him, all we have to do is simply go a different way and avoid that area?and guess what?it worked. So it is not that big of a deal.So what I learned was this?. there will always be someone complaining?so don listen to all the bad?go and see for yourself?you will be glad you did, because this place was great!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! We plan to go back to Barcelo Premium Punta Cana next year for our anniversary and stay for longer. Have fun?and book without any doubt (just be sure to get rooms in Bldg. 1, 2 or 3)!! If anyone wants more info or has some more questions, feel free to email me at danyetteh@aol.comThanks,Danyette and CarlosFlorida, USA  
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>woodski
<Content>enjoyed the barcelo stayed the the barcelo for nine days. april30 to may 9, 2008. got a great room in the same building where we were meeting friends from new hampshire. newly renovated. clean. maid service wonderful. fresh towels every day. they stocked the fridge daily with water beer and soda. one could request what their prefrences are. so much to do. trapeze, ice rink. kiddie pool and slides. etc. drinks a tad strong, but just tell them to let up a little on the alcohol. food run of the mill for a resort this size, but always something for averyone. specialty restaurants easy to get into, and the food was good. many shops on ground floor of resort. medical center available. the philadelphia eagles cheerleaders were there doing a photo shoot. one of the girls was injured on the trapeze, and she got excellent care at the clinic. weather amazing, and pools clean. one draw back was the sand fleas on the beach, which we encountered 2 years ago on a different resort in punta cana. when the resorts are not full, they open the rooms (for a fee) to the locals. they can come fri., sat. and sunday nights. and leave by 3:00 monday. these locals were rude, noisy and ate and drank constantly. the public bathrooms were filthy over the weekend. even the local employees don't welcome them. we are tippers and they are not. it is not required to tip, but we always bring at least $100 in ones. also little gifts for the chambermaids (vt. maple syrup, sample boxes of whitmans samplers, other inexpensive gifts) and tip them daily, as you never know when they will be going home and a new maid takes over. we also get great service when we tip. we tip here in the united states, why not tip in the dr ? really had a fabulous time and would recommend this resort to anyone, even with small children. enjoy! connie and dick in vermont  
<Date>May 16, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>MDJNJ
<Content>Great Place!! Will be going back this August!! We visited Breezes Punta Cana August 2006. This review is very late but we are going again this August and though I should do our review before our 3rd visit. Our overall experience was great. The beach is perfection. The hotel from the outside is beautiful so are the grounds and pool.Here are some tips that we found very helpful. Bring everything you think you may need to make your stay a smooth one (e.i. Lots of Suntan Lotion/Block, ChapStick, Tylenol, Imodium, Band-aids, Neosporin, Anti-Itch Gel for insect bites or sunburn, etc..). Everything is very overpriced. If you want to tip and buy in dollars bring lots of singles and small bills. Bring a large travel mug. They are great at keeping the drinks ice cold and you don have to make that many trips to the bar. The staff did not mind at all when we used our mugs. Also always ask for ice from the bar. They used bagged ice. We noticed that on the day we were using the ice from the soda machine we both got a little sick. After using bar ice only, we had no problems. We always drank bottle water. We ate from all the restaurants they were all good but the best one was the Japanese. You have to make a reservation if you don want to eat at 6pm. But that was no problem I went at 6pm and made our reservation for 8pm. There's also a pizza place after the trapeze which is good if you don't find anything you like for lunch. The shows were fun and nice to enjoy with your after dinner drink. We tipped the guy at the bar the first night after that every night we went to him and he would make our drinks ASAP. The night club was good. The DJ played International music so there was always a song to dance. The Club is open to kids until 12am then is for Adults only until closing. The activities are fun.  
<Date>May 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>panchoe
<Content>Great family vacations       my 8yo daughter on trapeze  
<Date>May 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	2	5	3	3	4	3	

<Author>jenloLondon
<Content>Fantastic !       rock climbing wall  
<Date>May 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>Windsor_couple26
<Content>relaxing trip but food not up to par       view from beach  
<Date>May 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	2	-1	

<Author>wheaten
<Content>Book The Renovated Rooms !       room #3235 pool view..bit of an ocean view  
<Date>May 12, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>crazytraveller_7
<Content>Beautiful resort but service was slow.       view from our balcony  
<Date>May 11, 2008
<Rating>3	5	4	3	4	1	3	-1	

<Author>Becky-in-Oakland
<Content>Loved the Beach        tempura plate at japanese restaurant  
<Date>May 11, 2008
<Rating>2	1	4	5	3	1	1	2	

<Author>nauss
<Content>Nice Place...Not exactly What I'd Consider Premium       Beautiful Bavaro Beach  
<Date>May 10, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>denisenyc
<Content>Great vacation---if you go with the right expectations We stayed at the Barcelo Premium Punta Cana from May 2-May 8. I had been reading reviews for months before we left and had some concerns based on some of the bad reviews, but overall, it was a great vacation---the resort met and/or exceeded our expectations across the board.We stayed in room 3329 which was a remodeled room and looked exactly like what is on the Barcelo website. King-size bed was incredibly comfortable and view of the beach was spectacular. Everything in our room was very clean---we tipped the maid everyday and she left flowers and towel art. Our refrigerator was stocked with beer, water and sodas---also with a small daily tip.The resort grounds are beautiful and well-maintained. The beach is the real draw for us and we were not disappointed. There are plenty of chairs, and although not enough palapas, you can always finds a palm tree to get some shade---which we needed, since it was very hot while we were there. The ocean is stunning---it is like swimming in a pool. Since this is the last resort on this stretch, you look down the beach and it looks like something out of a movie----waves crashing on a virtually deserted beach.While we usually stayed on the beach, we did go to the quiet pool one day and while it was very nice, there's not enough shade--it was simply too hot unless you stayed in the water.Bars/service----we never had a problem getting drinks, in fact we became so friendly with Marilin at the sports bar that she gave us a gift when we left. And we found that there was plenty of alcohol in the drinks, unlike what has been said by other posters.We had three a la carte reservations---Paris, which was a beautiful setting---food only so-so; Mirador, was good if you ordered correctly----which I did not, still it wasn't horrible. My boyfriend had a fabulous NY Strip steak for a surcharge of $10--well worth it. Finally we went to Tokio which is the Japanese restaurant---very fun and the food was actually quite tasty.The buffet was fine---pasta station is very good and there was always something cooking on the grill. For lunch, the grill out by the Marlin restaurant had some terrific pork chops. Overall we had a great time. Since we live in NYC with access to great restaurants, dining out wasn't a #1 priority for us----relaxing on a beautiful beach with a comfortable room was, and this is exactly what we found at the Barcelo Premium Punta Cana.  
<Date>May 9, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>happy21c
<Content>Simply a Fantastic Vacation !!!       Beautiful Spanish interior in foyer bar area.  
<Date>May 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	4	4	1	4	-1	

<Author>Van10Canada
<Content>Great vacation and wonderful people working there!!       Down the beach  
<Date>May 5, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	4	4	5	5	5	

<Author>EnglandPixie
<Content>fab hotel fab resort great holiday just came back from a week in punta cana and had a lovely time , i normally go away with thomson and am never disappointed and this this time was no differenet from the flights ... the new seat back entertainment and extra seat space made our flight alot more enjoyable . The hotel had a great atmosphere the retstauants alwas had something to offer my favorite was the japenese , if you like a busy hotel you have an animation programme which u can join in with but if you like your peace they dont harrass you and leave you to it . and for those who u who enjoy your cocktails try the dominican flag and mai tais they are fab !! whilst we were there we went on few excurions, we booked monster truck and saona with laura and had two great days out, saw plenty , drank plenty and came back two very happy customers indeed. we also wanted to swim with dolphins but felt the thomson one was expensive so decided to book it locally Big Mistake.. the dolpins werent looked after , u could se thet were distressed no precautions were taken we werent even told to wash our suncream off, i honestly wished i never wasted my money , some friends of ours did pay to go on the thomson one and said they had a fantastic time and hindsight i wished i decided to do the same the saying is true .... u get what u pay for ,  when u are there go and say hi to janey in the bay , also go and see your rep , a lovely girl , she really added to our holiday for those of u who do like your rep she is partial to cadburys chocolate and dime bar as we discovered later on but overall a geat holiday will definately go back. but one word of advice ake your mossie spray for the evening  
<Date>May 2, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jandj_approved
<Content>Barcelo Punta Cana.. 5 star feel at 4 star price.       view from room # 3240  
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>24Catpaws
<Content>I don't know about you...BUT I LIKE IT!!!       Our theater boys  
<Date>Apr 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	3	5	5	

<Author>mrs_ella
<Content>Needs a lot of improvement, and I mean a LOT!!!       The main pool  
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>3	2	4	5	5	2	4	-1	

<Author>3menda
<Content>Gorgeous beach, bad cocktails, and awful customer service! I stayed at the Barcel Premium Punta Cana last year in August. I did not write a review then because I did not have a trip Advisor account and was too upset to get more frustrated writing a review. I grew up in Dominican Republic and have visited several resorts in Punta Cana, Puerto Plata, La Romana, and Samana. I have been to Sandals properties in Jamaica and have traveled to Europe (Italy, France, Portugal, Spain, The Netherlands, and Switzerland), Egypt, Kuwait, Puerto Rico, and Panama.Here is a summary of my stay:- The beach is gorgeous! It is windy and can have strong waves, which is fine with me. The pool is big with a swim up bar.- Customer service is inexistent. We arrived after check in time but waited over an hour to get room keys because the room was not ready. When we finally received the keys, the room was disgusting! The beds were unmade and used towels and empty bottles of soda were on the floor. I recorded the room conditions and took pictures and went to the front desk to complain. After my persistent complaining of how unacceptable the room was, I finally got someone from the front desk to give me a clean room. The cleaned room was ok.- The cocktails are lame. They are enough to get you drunk but they are low quality. They use very cheap liquor and mixers. When you ask for something with range juice,?you get a juice called Tampico that resembles ang.?- There was something that looked like vomit on one of the paths leading to the gardens. I fell down and luckily did not hit my head because I used my elbows. An employee saw me falling and started laughing. I told him that I could have been hurt and that he should get someone to clean it up. We waited over 15 minutes and no one showed up to clean up the spill.- The food was very good at the seafood restaurant. However, the buffet and other restaurants were less than average with the dessert as the best course. - The night shows are entertaining and overall the resort is beautiful.Despite the bad customer service and awful drinks, the price I paid was very good because I found a 10% off on the hotel website. Bottom line, this is good value for young people and families looking for a nice vacation at an affordable price but do not choose this hotel for your honeymoon or special occasion because you might be disappointed.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	2	1	1	3	

<Author>Bandit61
<Content>One word describes this Resort...... beautiful!!       View from our room  
<Date>Apr 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	4	5	

<Author>Dede1414
<Content>What I expected       Hubby on the beach  
<Date>Apr 15, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>lynnALBERTA
<Content>The beach was nice, but......... My husband and I, along with 2 other couples just returned from a 7 day stay at the Barcelo Punta Cana. We chose this particular resort because we stayed at the Barcelo in the Mayan Riviera, and had a good experience there. We are arrived at the Barcelo Punta Cana to a very disorganized check inn. One of the other couple's we were travelling with had paid extra for the presitge class, which was supposed to mean a seperate faster check inn and a greeting drink- they never recieved any of this it was more just a big line of chaos. We get led to our rooms by the bellboy, we never ended up in the renovated rooms which would have been okay if they had been clean. The floors around the toilets were dirty and around the floor mats, as if they had never been washed under. The beds were so old the mattresses had big sags in the middle, and our bedding was blood stained along with our pillows. During our stay when the maids cleaned they did a very poor job, despite the tips we left everyday. Also with the stocked fridge, they barely put anything in it we got 2 cans of beer at the most and only 2 bottles of water. We barely had hot water for our shower, and when we did it was scalding hot and you couldn't regulate it. The toilet also leaked all over the floor. Now for the food- it was disappointing to say the least. We found the buffet to not have very much selection, and was very understaffed. You would sit and wait for coffee in the morning, and finally go to get some yourself and the staff would chase you away from it and say they would bring it, yet would never come. We also found flies in some of our food, and also there was birds flying around in the buffet, landing on the food carts and tables. We found ourselves to be sick as well most times that we ate the buffet meals. The A La Carte's were alright, had pretty good service there. The Japenese one was the best. The lunch buffet by the main pool was alright, not much selection though. The lobby lounge was okay, you could get some pretty good service with tipping, but the toilets there were always plugged. We checked out the disco one night, it smelled so bad of sewer that we couldn't stay in there for more than a few minutes. The nightly entertainment was alright as well, not fabulous, but pretty good. The casino was okay, a few blackjack tables and some slot machines, nothing to exciting. The pool area was nice, kept fairly clean. The swim up bar had fairly good service, the bar by the snack buffet often had a really big line and not enough bartenders. The beach was nice and clean as well, we never had trouble finding chairs for the 6 of us. At one time I went to walk up to our 3rd floor room and there was two handymen standing in the stairwell, when they seem me coming they yelled some suggestive comments to me, this didn't really make me feel very secure and I opted to not go up to the room by myself since it was impossible to get around them, I didn't feel safe after that experience, with the things that can happen to tourists these days. In the convenience/gift shop we seen one of the staff members take the lid of some body lotion that was for sale and use it then put it back on the shelf- and it wasn't a tester. They want about $10 american for this lotion and the staff is finger dipping in it.  All in all the resort was okay but definately not a 4 star I wouldn't rate it any higher than a 3. I won't be back unless its a super cheap deal.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KRSuperstar
<Content>Don't believe the negative hype! My pet peeve on TripAdvisor is how a hotel can end up with a low star rating because reviewers were unhappy with their experience because of something like the airlines or the weather. The hotel can't control those things! I was concerned about the Barcelo because of the low star rating, but after spending 5 days there, I swore I would post a review so that it didn't get a bad rap over things beyond its control. We've just returned from our vacation and loved every minute we spent at the Barcelo. The rooms were exactly as described and pictured on their website. The hotel is undergoing renovations and we had a newly remodeled room that was lovely and overlooked the pool and the ocean. The maid staff kept the room spotless and the mini bar stay stocked with beverages. Room service was an additional charge, but we were happy to partake in the food downstairs. There were 6 or 7 different resturaunts to choose from. There were 2 buffets to choose from for breakfast and lunch and both were pleasant. My husband and I have simple food tastes, thus can sometimes be picky eaters, but were always able to find plenty to fill our plates. The late night buffet offered hamburgers and fried chicken that we enjoyed several times, There was never a shortage of things to do at the hotel and the activities staff were inviting and fun. There was even a rock climbing wall and a trapeeze you could give a try. The casino was unforgiving, but still fun to try out. There was a nightly show offered at the theatre. The beach and the pool were immaculate. A couple of nights a week they even vendors in to sell local wares, you truly never have to leave the resort. But if you want to, there is a guide in the lobby each morning that can set you up with whatever activity you are looking to do, i.e. horseback riding, scuba diving, sailing, deep sea fishing, etc. He talked us into a horse back riding/ dune buggy adventure that was a blast!The only downside was the front desk and the check in process. Any time we went by the front desk there was always a line waiting as they generally only had 1 or 2 people working it at a time. And it seems most of the employees there only know enough key phrases in English to do their jobs. So speaking Spanish, at least a limited amount, definitely helps.The weather was fabulous! I truly can't say enough good things about this vacation. Generally, my husband and I have the philosophy that we never visit the same vacation spot twice, but we are willing to make an exception for Punta Cana and the Barcelo.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	2	4	3	

<Author>FrustratedMontreal
<Content>False Advertisement I would like to warn people not to go by what is said on the Barcelo Punta Cana's website. On their site, they mention that the hotel was renovated in 2007. HOWEVER, only half of the hotel was renovated so, if you do not pay the highest price, you will end up in the old rooms, which smell of humidity and badly need new bed covers. ALSO, their website specifies that if you choose the PRESTIGE class, you have certain advantages such as a special line for Prestige customers when they arrive, therefore not having to go through the regular check-in line. SURPRISE, SURPRISE, everyone on our trip had the Prestige class so everyone was in the same line-up. They tell you you will get $20 to go to the Casino. Again, false advertisement. When you go to the casino, you need to add your own $20 to be able to play and if you win any money, they take off the original $20 they supposedly gave you. If you have a room facing the 24 hour bar, change it asap. Unless you like being waken up at 1, 2, 3, 4 even 5 in the morning by gangs that are there to party. They have security on site but security does not do rounds to have them quiet down.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>canadadancer
<Content>AWSOME This resort was amazing! Booked a last minute vacation and took the recommendation to go here. The place has lots to do both at the resort and around the resort. The ocean is amazing and the pool is nice. The people working here are also very involved with the travellers and helpful!  
<Date>Apr 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	3	4	3	4	4	

<Author>NewfieLady24
<Content>Don't Read all the Bad Reviews!! I would like to tell everyone not to pay too much attention to the bad reviews..i was there with a good friend of mine from march 24th-31st. We had an AMAZING time!! Our flight sucked we had terrible turbulance.Our welcome to Punta Cana was great. We were greated and had our pictures taken as we arrived.Once we got to the hotel we were told we would have seperate checkin-out as prestige club.. everyone who was on our plane was prestige class so we still had to wait.. no big deal because while your in line you can grab a drink from either of the two bars by the lobby.Once we got our room we really just went in threw down our bags and headed to the beach bar!There are lots of activities by the pool and on the beach all day.Raniel is the best Rec-director! We found that one week isnt long enough, there is soo much to do all the time. We found every night we were there we didnt go to bed til about 3:30 and up again before 8.Im not gonig to Lie there isnt much of a nightlife, but you meet lots of people and you make it! We only made it to one of the shows at the theatre and we missed most of it, like i said too much stuff to do and not enough time for it all.The food is delicious, the Tex mex lunch is fantastic absolutly recommend the lemon chicken!! mmm mmm!!The Drinks, i've read reviews that they don't use alot of booze.. i think these people having major drinking problems! we had to ask for little liqour Very strong drinks, so if ya dont like it too strong might be a good idea to tell them!!The bartenders are great, it helps if you tip them, they work really hard and long hours and totally deserve it! Leonardo was our favorite bartender, not that we had anything against the other bars but we spent most of our time at the bar to the left of the lobby!! Juan Julio, Leonardo, there were a couple others but i cant remember names were great! treated us awesome!The Buffet, food was great, can't complain, pasta made fresh to order, fresh fruits, lots of bread, the only thing i would advise is if you want water grab a bottle on the way, the servers are very busy always running around like chickens with there heads chopped off!! Great service, a little slow, but really your on vacation why would you be in a rush??There is a professional photo shop there, check it out they do AMAZING pictures, we had some done by Jorge and by another girl i can't remember her name, she wore a purple skirt! we had fun! my friend was very difficult to get along with but he put up with her!! (THanks Jorge) It is worth getting your pictures done they really know how to capture a great photo!!Overall I think this resort was awesome!! I would go back in a heart beat, and i would pay more than what i paid, the only thing i wasnt completly satisfied with was our room, but you only use your room to pass out in!! and if you plan to spend time in your room pay the extra for a upgraded room!I would recommend this resort to everyone, we saw people there with infants, and we met a great ol lady who was about 87 and had a blast!!So seriously don't pay too much attention to the bad reviews!!  
<Date>Apr 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	3	5	5	

<Author>BillandLiz
<Content>Great deal for the money! My husband and I have just returned from a week at the Barcelo Punta Cana (formerly Breezes). The resort is lovely and currently undergoing major renovations. However, there was no noise or disruption for us. Room: We stayed in Building 2, just off the main reception area and had a beautiful room - recently remodeled. We overlooked the Theater (which tended to be noisy at night) and the view was nothing to look at, however, it was perfect for any down time, and after a busy day of sun and fun, falling asleep was never an issue. The only negative side to the room set up was that the corridors/halls were very open and any loud activity going on seemed to echo right into the room. Also, the water tempertaure varied widely and showers were unpredictable at best. Food: Bottom line is that if you can't find something to eat, you have a problem! The buffet was huge and there was always something we liked. We ate at three a la cartes (assigned to us at arrival): Tokio, El Mirador (Dominican) and the Marlin (steak and seafoord). I enjoyed all three, but my husband was unimpressed with the Mirador. I think it's a matter of personal taste and what you order.Activities/Pools: The grounds, pools, trapeze, BEACH, water sports, etc. were great! Staff is there all day to entertain. Spanish lessons, painting classes, pool and beach volleyball....More to choose than we had time!Staff: Overall, wonderfully pleasant and hard working! We tended to hang at one bar for the week and by day two, both Juan Julio and Leonardo knew what we liked and spent some time chatting with us. (Juan even had my cup of milk ready at the end of each night for me to take back to my room for my early coffee!) Tipping: I do know they appreciated the extra we gave as it reflected in some memorable service both at the bars in the buffet. Disco and Casino: Best description for the casino is sad. We poked our heads in a few times and it never seemd to be a very busy place. There was construction going on just outside the disco and one night we stopped down to see what might be going on. Nothing. Not sure if it was because it was too early (11PM) and the real action starts later, but we never were interested in finding out.Overall I would say this is a great resort for the price and would not hesitate to recommend it to anyone. It is suitable for families and groups as well as couples. We met some super people and came home tanned and well-rested. Not bad :-)  
<Date>Apr 11, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>palupa
<Content>Had a Great Time My family (husband, son age 14 and daughter age 10) and I returned from a week stay on March 29. After reading many questionable reviews we were a little nervous about what to expect, but were going with minimal expectations. We were pleasantly surprised with the whole trip. Airport - Arrival was smooth and we received our luggage no problem. We booked through Apple computer and there was a representative waiting with a sign and directed us to the van to take us to the resort. Check in - We couldn't actually check in for 1 hour, but our luggage was set aside in an area until we could check in. We got out swim suits out of our luggage, changed in a bathroom and went down to the beach until it was time. We were then greeted at the check in desk with a welcome drink and was up to our room within 15 minutes. We did request a room in a renevated building, which was no problem. Room - Very comfortable, but kind of small, which doesn't really matter since we were hardly ever there except to sleep and change. Remember to hold the handles down on the toilet (all of them) as the water pressure is low. We tipped the maid service a couple of dollars each day and left a note to leave extra water in the fridge. They did and most days also folded towels into animals, etc. Food - We received 3 a la carte reservations for 6 or 7:00. If you want more you can go to the check in desk at 9 am and ask if there is availability at any of the restaurants. We were able to get in, but not until 9:30 pm. The buffet is OK. Lots to choose from, but some of it is questionable. You just have to see for yourself. There is a pasta bar at the buffet, which has add in ingredients, 3 sauces and 3 kinds of pasta to choose from. For breakfast there is a guy making omelets every morning, in addition to other food. Outside by the old pool there is an omelet guy and also for lunch there are burgers and pizza. Pools - Beautiful and very cleanBeach - Awesome! Clear blue water and powdered sugar sand! To the left there is a huge resort under construction so it is very quiet. To the right there are lots of resorts and much more activity. Fun to just walk and take it all in. If you walk for about 45-60 minutes there is a market. We didn't buy anything, but be sure to bargain. There are several shade huts, but if you want one be sure to grab one by 6:30 am or they will all be taken. We made the best of it and also enjoyed the sunrise.Service - The people may not appear to be the friendliest at first, but flash them a smile and say Hola and they will flash a smile right back at you and serve you. Dollars are appreciated!  
<Date>Apr 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>Lynne0010
<Content>Great trip - fantastic wedding!       during ceremony  
<Date>Apr 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	3	4	3	

<Author>happy2betravellers
<Content>Loved this resort My fiance, 7 year old daughter and I travelled to Barcelo Punta Cana during Easter and loved it. We had travelled to Cuba last year and thought that the resort there was fantastic but this one even surpassed that. We arrived at midnight on March 24. There was a little bit of a wait to get checked in but who cares.... we were on vacation. We got placed in a room on the fourth floor in building three, over looking the ocean. It was gorgous. The room had a king size bed, with 9 foot ceilings. The floors were of polished porclean.. which apparently is in all the rooms ( slippery when wet.. but very nice) The bathroom had a large shower with tiles all around... very spanish looking. The maids came in every day to stock the room with water, beer and drinks. The room was very clean, no bugs and the maids always left us a little present every day of towels shaped like swans or hearts.My daughter and I are picky eaters but have to say there was no concerns with the food. Every day there was always bacon and eggs. different types of bread, pizza, pasta, fries, chicken etc. There was always tons to eat and drink and there were no problems. The a la cartes were also very good. We visited four of them and ate every bite.The pools and beach were beautiful and well kept. Every morning at dawn the pool boys would be out setting up the chairs and cleaning the pool. There was a kiddie pool right in front of our room. My daugther spent most of her day there.There were plenty of activities for the children and a kids club if you wanted to participate. We decided not too as we wanted her with us, but you could if you wanted too.There was a spa where we had aour hair done in carribean braids. Very nice spa with all the amenties you would find in Canada and more besides.The resort also has a little shopping centre with lots of nice gifts. Three nights we were there some outside vendors had tables setup near the entrance way. It was very nice. The vendors knew when to back off and not push with their wares.The resort also a photographer onsite . Every day they would come to the beach and takes pictures. You could then buy then for $15 if you wanted too. They were very nice as well and professional. Every day they also would bring live animals to have your picture taken with including a monkey, iguana, snake and parrot.A wedding was held at the resort the week that we were there. The bride had a personal attendant who took care of everything. flowers and pictures were beautiful.I have to say that we had a great time and will be returning in the near future.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	3	4	5	

<Author>Tilataro
<Content>Nice holiday in spite of the Barcelo and Air Transat This is the first negative review I have ever written about a vacation but felt I should share our experience so others could avoid what we weren't able to. We have traveled extensively throughout the Caribbean and Europe but this was our first time in Punta Cana and first experience (and last) with Air Transat. Punta Cana is lovely. The beach is fabulous and the weather was great. I would go back, but not to the Barcelo. All in all we had a fun family vacation with me, my husband and our two teenagers (13 and 16) in spite of the disappointment with this property and the tour operator. If we hadn't had such a desire to make the best of it I think this would have been a forgettable holiday. It began the week before departure. Air Transat changed our departure from Punta Cana to Toronto from 9:30 pm to 1:20 pm which means that essentially, we lost our last day at the resort (having to be on board the shuttle to the airport at 9:40 am ?!?). I don't know of any other service or product where a consumer can book and pay for the purchase (for us - 2 months earlier) and then have the product changed without re-negotiation of the original contract. Rather bait and switch in my opinion. We were delayed 2 hours leaving Toronto because the plane was late arriving into Pearson. So instead of getting there at 9:30 pm we arrived at 11:30 (too late for dinner). We booked two rooms with a request that they be close together. Upon arrival (tired but excited to be there) we found out that the rooms were in different buildings! This meant that either mother/ daughter in one room and father/son in the other (drag for Mom and Dad) or try and get it changed. Initially, this didn't look possible until I slipped the front desk clerk $20 U.S. It took 45 minutes to work out but we finally got rooms in the same building (#5), same floor  kind of close to each other. They stunk! Take air fresheners! The dampness and mildewy smell was disgusting. There were also bugs in the bed. The rooms were well below what I would consider 4 star. However, if we wanted to be moved to the newly renovated buildings (1, 2  3) we were advised it would have cost us an additional $100 per night. We made the best of it and didn't spend much time in the rooms. The food was not very good with the exception of the restaurant Roma. Roma was wonderful. Most of the staff seems disinterested, some even rude, but there were a few good servers...mostly at the bar (figures). Bring some small bills for tips. It makes a difference. This is also the only all inclusive resort I have been to where room service was not included. You had to pay extra for room service. The casino was small but lots of fun. The big lagoon pool was nice. Try the mud slide at the swim up bar. Also, bring an insulated drinking mug with a lid. For Canadians - the small 'Bubba' found at Canadian Tire is perfect. It will keep your drink nice and cold and save you from multiple trips to the bar (usually long line-ups) to get another drink in a plastic cup (think dixie cup size).If youe looking to book a trip to Punta Cana, check out the Bahia Principale. If you have already booked the Barcelo, don fret about the negative reviews. At least youl have more realistic expectations and really a vacation is all that you make itith good attitude and positive energy.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	4	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>lidzfromchi
<Content>This place is a dump I took me 4 months to write this review because thats how long it took to cool off.This was the WORST experience I have ever had with a vacation in my whole enitre life.Check-in was terrible, we waited over an hour to get our rooms and when we did we found out that the only reason they had given us the rooms was because some other group had requested to be changed. There was a huge flood in front of our rooms. Inside one of rooms the toilet had overflowed. Instead of immediately honoring our request to change rooms they asked us if they could try and clean up and fix things first since they were overbooked and had no rooms left. Well with a family of 5 in tow what other choice did we have? (during winter break)The toliet in my kids room didnt work for 3 days! so everyone used ours.The hotel is noisy and it stinks of fried food whenever they were preparing for meals.The service is horrible, I have never waited for a bartender to serve himself before he served a guest since the old days of the iron curtain.The food was not fit to be consumed by human beings.The poolside entertainment was lame at best.There was no real nightly entertainment to speak of the shows were a joke and even the New Years celebration was the worst I have ever attended.The casino was deserted and talk was that there had been some cheating by the house going on.This place was an absolute nightmare. So bad that I wrote to the CEO of the holding company to let him know what I thought.Needless to say, unlike any other time I had written a C suite exec about a problem and recieved a reply, usually at least an apology, I got NOTHING from them!Well all I can say is I will go back only if he#@ freezes over..... TWICE!  
<Date>Apr 9, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>girlMontreal
<Content>nice hotel-ocean not for kids but great waterpark My family stayed at BPC from March 27 to April 3, age 32,35, 2 and 5. We flew with Air transat from Montreal, Canada. It is a beautiful resort but big bring a stroller if you have small kids. Room: we did not get a renovated room, we were in building 6 close to the beach. The rooms were alright nothing to impress. Nothing went missing in our room. Nice size balcony to relax. By the way, someone said in a previous review that the toilet paper in the room is scented well it is true so ladies to avoid problem bring your own. The shower in our room was a little gross the water would stop for no reason and the handle for the shower would stay in your hand! The AC always worked fine just keep the card in for the electricity. I did not see bugs in our room. Food: The breakfast is good at both buffet, lunch is very good at el mirador, even for the kids if you want to get away from the sun a little its takes about 1 1/2 to eat there you need clothes on you cant go there with no top since its a a la carte restaurant. The days that we did not go there we went to the outside buffet near the beach and the old pool. I find the only problem was you need to run for ustencils (very annoying) or for the coffee cup or the pizza, since we went with 2 small kids we always had to wait for the guy with the pizza or the fries! I think there is a lack in the management of the hotel or a lack of staff, especially staff with a smile. Juices for the kids orange or fruit punch both very sweet, bring a few juice box from home for a change for them! The fruit boat is amazing fresh fruits all day long, but they should have a ice cream place for the kids (just a suggestion) Service: it is not the best at the bars or the restaurant except for the beach bars the 2 guys there they are quick and organize!Nobody got sick!The Ocean: Is beautiful nice sand and water but the waves are VERY dangerous a lady broke her neck when we were there so my kids did not go in we spent a lot of time at the Barcy waterpark which they loved, it was hard to get them out of there. I agree bring alot of sunsreen for the kids and hats!If you want a hut be there for 7:00 am to reserve because 7:15 there is no more, so it is worthed to wake up early to reserve one, to get a little break from the sun in the day!The weather at night : windy The wather in the day : all week nice about 30 rain maybee 3-4 times for like 10 minutes but everything dries out fast. Shops: there are a few shop at the hotel, a little depanneur very expensive 5$US for a lays bag of chips, 5US for a ice cream and so on....bring snacks from home. 2 or 3 times in the week at night merchants come to the hotel, very agressive people!My husband and I have been to Mexico different cities and cuba a few times, we wanted to try the dominican r since alot of people said it was so nice, I dont think we would go back but never say never!NOte: for the woman that dont wear bikini top well I dont think the Barcy waterpark is the apprpriate place for that you have the other pools or beach!!!  
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Bekka735
<Content>Save your money... After our departure flight from Punta Cana was canceled, my fianc and I had to misfortune of being booked at the Barcelo by American Airlines. There were about 250 people on our flight that were re-routed unexpectantly to the Barcelo while the appropriate repairs were done overnight to our plane. At first glance the hotel looked okay... nothing like the pictures that are online and nothing special. Upon arrival, we were greeted by the numerous, drunken guests that were strewn all over the lobby couches. The room that we were given looked newly renovated... but the new renovations were quickly muted by the dirty bed linens, uncleanliness, mosquitoes, and loud guests. Our room (including our bathroom and bed) looked as if it had been sprinkled with black, human hair (not hair from your head) from one end to the other. The one meal that we did have while staying on the premises was breakfast. If you like food that looks like flies have been swarming all over it the entire morning then this is the place for you. The staff was not warm and welcoming. They did, however insist on speaking Spanish as much as possible and did a great job of pretending they didn't understand anything but Spanish. If you do stay at the Barcelo and are there for some RR, I recommend that you do not stay anywhere close to the bars, casino, or pool. Otherwise, you will be kept up all night by the extremely loud, drunken guests. My fianc and I are young, fun people who love to have a good time... unfortunately being startled awake in the wee hours of the morning by other guests and their loud shouting is not my idea of fun. My fianc and I are avid travelers and both feel that this resort does not deserve the high ratings that it is getting from other reviews. My advice... save your money. There are PLENTY of five star resorts in Punta Cana that deserve the five star rating. The Barcelo, however would not be one of them.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	2	1	2	2	-1	

<Author>PMS247
<Content>Barcello Premium Punta Cana       The beach  
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>familysuite
<Content>premium club suite Hola,We stayed at the Barcelo premium Punta Cana from March 28, 2008 to April 3, 2008. We flew WestJet from Toronto. We booked a tropical suite. There were four of us..Myself, My husband, My thirteen year old son and my eight year old daughter. When you book a suite you get premium club. This means you receive separate check in and out, access to the premium club lounge, special wristbands, free internet sevice in your room or at the premium lounge, a bottle of champagne, fruit plate, special lounge chair towels. late check-out, bathrobes, 6 ala carte restaurants instead of 4 and much more. It was well worth the extra money. Plus we had a renovated suite that over looked the pool. Room 3336. We also had 2 bathrooms and two balconies!The hotel was clean and staff friendly. No one got sick! My son is a picky eater but ate more than I've ever seen him eat and tried new things. The only complaint we had was the maid and the person who stocks the fridge we ripping each other off. We left a tip everyday in the fridge and on the pillow. One for the fridge guy and one for the maid. We returned to our room early one day to find that the fridge had been stocked...tip gone. But the tip for the maid was also gone and our room hadn't been made up yet. We contacted the premium club and they haddled it. So if they are ripping each other off they will rip you off too. Put all your valuables in the safe!!!All in all it was a fantastic trip! If you are bringing children take lots of sunscreen...at least 2 bottles of spf45 or more!We also took the kids to Manati park to swim with the dolphines..well worth the $85US each for the kids and $30 each for us. ENJOY!!!  
<Date>Apr 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>Prior
<Content>Wonderful Vacation My husband and I 45 and my 15 year old daughter stayed at the Barcelo Punta Cana from the 11th thru the 18th of March and had a wonderful vacation.This is our second trip to this hotel, we were there in 2006 when it was Superclubs Breezes. The hotel has improved 100% and will only get better. Of course, as it gets better the price will go up. I'm going to make this short and give a quick tip to all. Book a Club level suite (we had 3410) - The Concierge Lounge and service staff for the Club level is outstanding offering an open bar with top-shelf liquor, fresh hors deuvres from morning until night , meals throughout the day and complimentary wi-fi internet access. You are also able to change your dinner reservations in an instant. We didn't wait in line for check in. Were in our room at least 2 hours before everyone else. The day we were leaving, we were able to stay in our room until 10 minutes before the bus left. The Club Lounge checks you out so no lines again.We had Champagne and fruit delivered as soon as we checked in, there were deserts delivered every night around 9 and champagne twice after that. This was just all part of the suite.We were not aware of how wonderful we were going to be treated until we arrived, we just booked a suite because there were 3 of us. From the minute you get off the bus until you leave you are treated FIRST CLASS.We paid 1343.00 per person taxes in. (oh and that was March break so the price was right.)One more thing, we flew Air-transat, upgraded to club seats (100.00 per person), well worth the money! No lines, first on, champagne, full menu, free bar entire trip, first class service. Highly recommend it!  
<Date>Apr 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>KiwiMattToronto
<Content>One of the BEST!!!!       Front of Barcelo Punta Cana  
<Date>Apr 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>RonBChicago
<Content>No thanks - will not return Room was average even though we had a newer/renovated in Block 1 - 2nd floorFood was poor and VERY repetitivePools a little better than average, how ever chair/umbrella games in full forceAllot of night time noise - kids drinking, bell boys, and rooms with doors that have significant gaps. When closed you can still see in some of them.Beach was excellentBiggest complaint was when our pool bag was gone through and my wifes watch (an older Movado) was taken. It was kept up on a ledge with no vacationer traffic...... except for the pool maintenance staff. We are convinced one of them took the watch and stashed it in the hot tub area for retrieval later in the day. Hotel Security and Front Desk Staff were no help.Even if the watch came home with us, we would not return. Much better all-inclusive places in the Caribbean or Mexico that value Customer Service, which is clearly lacking in many parts of this resort.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	3	3	3	2	3	

<Author>TRG1975
<Content>Beautiful Resort! Ok, first thing I'd like to start off with is this: When travelling to other Countries...STOP COMPARING IT TO WHERE YOU ARE FROM!!! I keep reading reviews of tourists who tend to compare the resort to what they are familiar with back home. Guess what...you're not home! Always remember where you are and evaluate it in it's compacity.Now to get to the review of Barcelo Punta Cana...We loved it! The weather was fantastic! The beach was absolutely amazing! The grounds of the resort were kept immaculate! There was always someone cleaning something.ROOMS: Very clean. Ours had a slight odor, but nothing to deter us from staying there. Open a window and voila! Odor gone! We stayed in room 5303. Fantastic view of the pool area and ocean! FOOD: There is something for everyone. Granted not everything was tasty, but there was plenty to choose from that was. The Pasta bar in the main dining hall is fantastic!POOLS: There are two. One is geared more for activities and the other for relaxation. Our favorite was the relaxation pool. Never crowded.BEACH: OMG! Beautiful! Sand is clean and fine! The surf was a little rough at times, but then again...it's the ocean!STAFF: Like all people, some were nicer than others. No one was rude though. Hugo at the Pool swim up bar is fantastic!MEDICAL STAFF: I burnt so badly that I had to receive cortizone shots. Dr. Rodrigez was fantastic! His office was immaculate. I asked about his creditentials. He studied 2 years is Spain and 4 years in DR. I had no problem consulting him a second time. Be sure to have your medical insurance papers, Family Dr name and phone number, as well as health card (Provincial if from Canada) with you. He will need that info.TOWELS: We had no issues receiving a fresh clean towel each day.Overall, I give this resort and experience a 9/10. I would go back again without hesitation!Teena Jarvis (32)St. John's, NL Canada  
<Date>Apr 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>kennethRiverview
<Content>Awesome Time, Wish we were still there.(Riverview, New Brunswick) Had a Great Week at the Barcelo Punta Cana. from March 17th to 24th. Been going to Punta Cana for the last seven years and each Resort has always impressed both my husband and me. We keep going back. The Beach is Great, can walk to the left or right for hours........Lots of lounge chairs and shade.This is a Great Family Resort and the kids were very well behaved and were enjoying each day to its fullest. So if you are looking for a Family Resort, I would recommend this one. Lots of beach, sand and sun for the whole family. New Pool area for the little ones. The kids just amazed both of us. Staff were awesome. More Smiles then we have ever seen in a long time. Very helpful, polite, kind, supportive in anyway. Rooms were cleaned every day and Fridges stocked daily. Keep up the Great Job. And do not forget, Lots of Great Drinks at the Bars!!Food was Delicious.......lots to eat and the A La Cartes were Incredible.........no one should ever go hungary at this Resort.We hated to leave, but hope to return again.All we can say is Keep up the Great Job  and Barcelo Punta Cana should be very proud of their  INCREDIBLE STAFF THANKS AGAIN FOR A GREAT WEEK AT YOUR RESORT!!!!!!!  
<Date>Apr 3, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MarlPEI/Canada
<Content>Good Resort There were four in our group (ages 40-50) and we stayed at the B.P. from March 15-22. We were in building 6 on the second floor and it was fine. This is not the renovated section but the rooms were clean and we had a good view of the pool and ocean. We were originally on the first floor facing the back of the resort and asked to be moved so the next day at 3:00 we were transferred to our new rooms. It made a huge difference. We did ask to be moved to the renovated rooms but were told we would have to pay extra. We did have to wait in a line up the next morning after our arrival to change our dinner reservations. The only reservations left were at 9 - 9:30 which was a bit late. We went to the Japanese which was excellent, Seafood which was also very good and the Paris was a HUGE disappointment. The food was terrible(the only bad food we got on the resort) and the service even worse.We had four a la cartes and only got to three because we couldn't get a reservation for the fourth. We did try going with a $10 bill to get in as some other guests suggested but it didn't work for us. Anyway, we didn't go hungry as the buffet was fine.The animation crew and bartenders were great - special mention goes out to Cesar, Aldo, Sanders, Juan, Vincent. They certainly made the trip more fun.The beach was great and yes you have to get up early to get a hut but there is no problem finding shade if you don't get one.We went on the Bavaro Runners and had two great guides - Meme and Winston. We took lots of gifts for the kids and made several stops to distrubute them. We would definintely go back to this resort, it will only improve.The last two years we went to the Bahi Principe and the only shortfall we found with the B.P. in comparision would be the food. The Bahi had a lot more selection but it is a bigger resort too and it really didn't make a huge difference to us.The resort is very clean and the service for the most part was good. The only place where we got very poor service was the Paris restaurant. We found the front desk to be very helpful and someone could always speak English.This resort is very easy to walk around, food is fine, workers are friendly and the beach is great so what more could you ask for. We did notice that guests didn't seem to be tipping the bartenders very often. We feel it is so important to tip the servers, bartenders, maids, groundskeepers, etc.etc. If you take $100 in $1 and $5 bills it goes a long way and is well worth a few dollars to see the smiles on their faces especially the ones like the groundskeepers that are not used to getting tips.I can't imagine that anyone would be disappointed at this resort. We wish we were there now - next year we plan to stay 2 weeks.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>trip-advisee-2008
<Content>Can't sweat the small stuff...I guess The hotel and its surroundings were beautiful and appears very clean! My boyfriend and I did enjoy our stay but had many disappointments during our time at the hotel and when we got home. We had both been down south at least 3 times each and have never gotten sick. That changed the night we arrived home and had to go to the hospital. For over a week we both have had severe diarrhea and vomiting from a bug we picked up at the hotel. But on to the hotel and our stay. First when we got there the keys didn't work, no towels/beach towels in our room, nothing in our fridge besides 1 bottle of coke. It seemed like they cleaned the room when someone left and didn't restock it. Next we had to wait 3 or 4 hours for beach towels on our first day. We had to wait in line for every a la carte we went to (although we had an appt). The thing that turned me away was the 3 inch cockroach I found crawling across the bathroom floor at 2am and the ants everywhere. Also the group of VERY LOUD 16 year old drunk boys that hung out by our hotel room at 3am every night. The parents (who were our neighbors) were almost as bad on their terrace every night. While these are only minor complaints they did put a strain on our stay. Overall the hotel was nice, the staff was great, the food was good and there are plenty of things to do at the resort.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	3	2	2	3	3	

<Author>Cervasa
<Content>Pack a Lunch Second time to the D/R and it will be the last one to this resort. The resort looks very good from the outside and looks promising. The Bell Boys were helpfull and if you play with your wallet they become a little more helpful, and will maybe rub lotion on your back...THINGS WENT WRONG:1) Our ROOMS WERE WRONG!!!! we booked rooms that were Deluxe VIP Ocean views with the works and got something that wasn't the room was OK but right away we were not impressed with what we were forced to stay in. The front desk staff looked at us like we had 7 heads and just didn't get what we were saying.The women we went with (god bless them) tried thier best to fight for us but was unable to convice the hotel, ok no big deal normal rooms it is.2) FOOD is garbage, like if you go here you better pack some choclate the food was horrible, we survived off of orange hot dogs and undercooked hamburgers as well as bread. 3)WATER pressure in the room felt like i had a dog pee on my back, it was ridiculous, I might as well of had a cleaner pour a bottle of water on me to get the same effect. 4)MAIN BAR was 24/7 and every teen in the world decided to party hard until morning which is totally fine, but alot of people started to complain that they could not get any sleep.5)FOOD...oh I did that already....BUT IT WAS BAD!!!! 6) BAR TENDERS hate you until you play with your wallet, just remember that, and try to get one bartender and stick to him or her.7) SECURITY - The security there was pathetic, being in law enforcement myself I was very dissapointed in the way they looked and acted, for example there was a girl who fell and hit her head on the beach and floated back to shore, the security just stood there and watched her as a Domnican doctor who looks 15 came running out with a bandaid. It was sad and If i had seen the accident i would have stepped in immdiately. 8) BIRDS - They will eat your food when you get up for .5 of a second it was bad thier aiming for the beer next I just know itGOOD THINGS:Great beach, if you can find shade, great drinks and both pools are fantastic. The resort is beautiful and has some really good spots for good pictures for you shutter bugs.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	5	3	1	4	4	

<Author>swoonfat
<Content>Not worth the money I just returned from a 1 week stay at the Barcel Punta Cana, with my husband, sister and her boyfriend. We are between the ages of 22 - 33.I would like to start off by saying that this is my 3rd time in Punta Cana and the ONLY time I was ever disapointed.If you plan to go on holidays and enjoy some good food and rest, do NOT go to the Barcelo.FOOD:The food here is HORRIBLE!There is hardly a variety, the same stuff every day, undercooked meat, brown salad which taste funny, soups taste off... Terrible, just TERRIBLE. My husband is not a picky eater at all, and even he struggled to find anything to enjoy. We lived off of hotdogs (which were orange in the middle and odd tasting), frechfries, and bland tasting pasta.ROOMS:We booked the ocean view delux, and were told that our rooms would be in the new building, upgraded rooms, jacuzi tub, seperate stand in shower, ect...long story short... We did not get these rooms.The rooms we ended up in are ugly, run down and in some desperate need of upgrading and a paint job.We complained to the front desk and they stated that we never paid for the nicer upgraded rooms, which surely we DID, we complained to the manager whom was completely RUDE to us, very dismissive and simply told us - nope, you did not pay for the upgraded rooms, you are not getting the upgraded rooms... It was very frustrating.On our last day there I found a cockroach in our room ... Lovely.Then the next morning I noticed that a bunch of rooms had signs/notices up on their doors stating that they were going to be fumigated by the pest control.These rooms are not sound proof at all. You can hear every single sound comming from the hallway, other people balconies, the pool, the pool bar. Since we were overlooking the pool and pool bar, we were kept up every single night by people partying at the pool bar until almost 6am most days. I am totally cool with people partying on their vacation, but the way the resort is set up, the noise really travels and becomes quite loud at night. If you are looking for a more quiet time, I would recomend you request a room NOT facing the poor/ocean side.SERVICE:Service at the Barceo is VERY VERY SLOW!!!If you plan on having a drink with your meal, you are better off getting it from the lobby bar yourself, rather then ask a server to bring one for you - because you will never recieve it.So many times we would ask for a drink, and the server would simpy not bring it - and so we would have to get up in the middle of our meal, go to the lobby and get our own drink.We found the staff and servers here to be very rude and ignorant.No one ever said hola or even smiled. Anytime you asked for something you almost felt bad because they made it very clear that they did not want to do anything for you. We even had eyes rolled at us a few times.One server was cleaning our table while we had drinks in the lobby, and she wipped the pile of ashes from the ashtray all over my friends khakki pants - she looked right at him, then walked away - how rude!POSSITIVES:The resort itself is very nice and cleanThere is two beauitful pools and a swim up bar which wasn't usually too busy.The beach is beauitful, with perfect white sand, blue ocean, clean and has plenty of chairs, BUT very limited spots for shade - same goes for the pool - not much shade. You have to get down very early to reserve your spot.The main pool is quite loud with music and activities, but the 2nd, newer pool is much more quiet. We enjoyed both pools.You are at the end of a line up of other resorts, and it is pretty eatay to take a walk down the beach and sneak into them to check things out.We did not see any weddings at this resort, and do not really see where they would do them. They do not have a wedding gazebo or anything like that.Overall, I would rate our stay a 1.5 or 2 out of 5I would never never go back - not even for free - the food was just way too bad and I could not stand the rudeness from the staff.If you want a good vacation, spend a little bit more and go to the Bahia Principe in Punta Cana - I went there last year for my wedding and what an AMAZING resort.I have also stayed at the Riu Taino in Punta Cana, and that also was an great resort.It really is a shame because the grounds are very nice - but bad service and food really ruined it for us.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>2	1	2	5	3	1	1	4	

<Author>upsbob
<Content>Great layout. Great views       Ice skating. Its Plastic!  
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>guibox
<Content>Wonderful Spring Break Vacation!       A shot from our room  
<Date>Mar 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>Shrew12
<Content>Very Good Like so many others myself and my girlfriend looked at review after review after review! So so so very many good ones and the odd bad one, You can not please everybody can you.It was the first time we had been to that part of the island and to the Barcelo Hotel, what a lovely hotel and what a beautiful location.Right,,,, The bedrooms are getting revamped, (slowly). These are getting new bathrooms, flatscreen tvs, cd players new paint job. We stayed in one of the rooms that had not been done, it had a Tv, shower, b'day, mini-bar, air-con, massive bed.The sheets were changed daily as were the bath towles. The room was mopped swept and the mini bar filled (2 beers, 1 coke, 1 diet coke and a sprite) granted the rooms were cleaned and the bar filled between the hours of 7am and 5pm or 6pm.The room smelt musty when we first arrived but that soon went, or we just got used to it but with the air-con going 24/7 the air would be a little damp.The pillows now they did smell musty not very nice at all, just ask to change them and hopefully some better ones will arrive?The staff work very hard 15hrs a day 15days in a row,then 3days off, they all smile and are always happy and polite.When given a tip, something which they never expect nore did they hang around for, they are very gratefull.They never forgot and they went that extra mile on top of the extra mile they already went to.Food.Fantastic!!So much to choose, the lamb chops and the pork that melts in your mouth was so so good. Drinks were plenty and a good range, soft and alcoholicThe beach towel service.Hit and miss we could not get one for the first few days and decided to keep hold of them when ever we went to change them they never had any, we managed to change them once.Either they dont have enough or its the 3 or 4 towels more other guest have when your only meant to have one per person?Sun BedsYep if you want one in the shade you need to get up early before 7!! and put the towel on the beds to reserve them, It gets very hot.Sun Cream...Take high factor if your not used to the sun, start with a factor 30 we took factor 20 and got a little burnt on the first day.The brezze is very very nice and cooling, but also takes away the feeling of the hot sun on your skin, be aware.So yes we would go again to the same hotel it was value for money, clean, safe and very friendly....  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>norma52
<Content>Nice but not my favorite In February and March of this year my husband and I went to Dominican Republic and stayed at this resort.Since coming home we have heard many negative reports about the Dominican and my husband can attest to some of them first hand.He was sick for 4 days out of the two weeks we were there. He believes he either ate or drank something that did not agree with him. He had to go and see a Doctor at the resort.Also it was a hugh resort with about 700 rooms and very busy.People that smoke and were staying at the resort just butted out in the sand. So you were for ever walking of cigarette buts.The native people of that country are very pushy in trying to get you to buy their merchandise.I really don't think we would go back there again  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>alittlesunshine
<Content>Awesome vacation, would go back in a minute! Travelled from Calgary, March 6 -20th, 2008. We can't say enough about the Barcelo Punta Cana Premium. First off for the price you cannot beat it! We had 2 wonderful weeks there and we were never bored. Our days would go something like this...one day on the beach, the next at the lagoon style pool and the next at the quiet pool with fountains and built in loungers. Then a day out on an excursion. In between time we would visit there was a local market within 20 minutes walking distance of the resort or you could walk down the beach for about an hour to a huge market right on the beach. There is nightly entertainment in the theatre, a casino and a disco. The grounds, pools, 7 restaurants, 1 buffet (loved the pasta station, the soups and all the homemade breads and buns, lots of different meats, chicken and fish dishes everyday and always a variety of salads and of course great deserts) and 6 a la cartes were all great too (we loved the Tokyo). If food is a priority for you, even fussy eaters will always find something tasty! The service was totally great everywhere and the servers are always rushing around to meet your needs. After 2 weeks, we were on first name basis with our favorite bartenders. A shout out goes to Juan Julio in the Lobby bar. He is so funny and very professional!!! The drinks are on the strong side, never watered down. Our maid, Altagracia was really special. She decorated our bathroom with flowers she picked in the gardens. We left her a couple of bucks everyday tucked under our pillow. We also left a dollar in the mini bar fridge daily and it was stocked each day with lots of beer, pop and bottled water. The beach in Punta Cana is amazing. We loved it as much as the beach in Varadero, Cuba and even more than the beaches of the Mayan Riveria. Our hotel room was in building 7 (rm. 7404) which is in the unrenovated area. The trade off was a fantastic view of the pool and the ocean and even though the rooms are a little tired, they were clean, comfortable and everything worked terrific.We enjoyed three excursions through our Air Transat representative. We chose to go through them as they guarantee customer satisfaction on the excursions. We took the Catalina Island trip, which included a stop at Casa de Campo a faux 17th century Italian village which was used to film movies such as Apocolipse Now and was also the location of Lisa Marie Presley and Michael Jackson's wedding. We sailed across the Caribean sea on a catamaran with our captain who hosted a great dance party with lots of rum and coke! They fed us a great authentic Dominican lunch on the island. Great day!!!! Our second activity was tandem parasailing off the beach of our resort. My wife is totally afraid of heights and loved this activity! Give it a try...you won't be sorry. Our final excursion was going on the Zip lines. This was up in the mountains and only took 1/2 a day. Definitely a rush and was extremely safe. All together you get to zip across ten lines set in the most beautiful lush mountains of the Dominican. We would definitely do this trip again and again!Air Transat was great. We had an uneventful flight there and back from Calgary. We were on time and the flight was roomy and the crew were friendly and very accomodating. Food was okay but not great.All in all a wonderful time. We recommend this hotel for all types of travellers.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	2	5	3	5	5	-1	

<Author>danwood99
<Content>Superb Family Vacation We visited the Barcelo Punta Cana March 6-16th with our girls, aged 17, 14, and 11. We had a marvelous time. We got out of Toronto sandwiched between two snowstorms and our luck continued until we had to return to reality. Check-in with Air Transat at both ends was the easiest ever - no waiting. The flight was early by 20 minutes and the Punta Cana airport experience was superb. Check-in at the Barcelo was a breeze. Separate check-in really does work. We had requested an ocean-front view as we were too late to confirm it and when we got to our room, it was pool-side, top floor - what a view - and our two rooms were side-by-side. Perfect. We were in Bldg. 4 which had yet to be renovated, but everything was clean and comfortable. The beach was, well, the famous Punta Cana Beach...white, warm, clean, sandy and went on for miles. There were plenty of chairs however we did have trouble with towels the last few days. Keep your towel until you get another. Don't settle for the cards they give out. Better an old towel than no towel whatsoever. The first couple of days it was very windy, but warm. The waves were a blast. Too bad we only discovered the (free!) boogie boards at the end. After only one day, we were all pro surfers. Exhausting but exhilarating!The pools were exceptionally clean and interesting. The main pool took us about 20 minutes to go around (with our swim-up bar drinks, naturally.) The other new pool was also very nice and included a separate water slide area off to the side. We all enjoyed them daily.There were no vendors on the beach, but they showed up on the resort in the evenings on Saturdays, Tuesdays, and Thursdays. Prepare to barter. They ask double (at least) of what they expect to get. I got a $40 bowl for $15. I told him that that was all I had on me and walked away when he said he couldn't let me have it for that little. When he saw I was serious, I got it for the $15...The food was great. We went to the sit-down restaurants 5 times. We loved the Tokio - we went twice. The first chef put on an amazing show, reminding us of the Beni Hanas here in Toronto. He was not as good as they are but he sure got top marks for trying!! The second chef cooked. Period. Not nearly as much fun. But, the food was delicious and the service there was top notch. We also went to the Paris, the Tex Mex, and the Marlin. Except for the Paris restaurant where we were virtually ignored, we had only good things to say about the service. Everyone was so attentive! And the food at all the restaurants was delicious. The buffet was great, too. The pasta bar was my favourite, although the portions were much, much too generous. My girls all found something they loved for all breakfasts and the dinners we had there. Lunch was at the beach/pool bar every day and while it got a little repetitive, hey!, I didn't have to prepare it and it was tasty and hit the spot nicely.We didn't go to any shows, but loved the games room/bar. There were plenty of pool tables, a ping pong table (hilarious in the high winds!), foosball, and a sandy air hockey game. They also had board games such as Connect 4, chess, backgammon, etc. All made for good after-dinner giggles! I would bring my kids back there just for that entertainment!I would recommend this resort, especially for families. We've been to the Barcelo Bavaro Caribe (not nearly as nice) and the Gran Bahia Principe Punta Cana (probably a 5 star with this Barcelo being a 4 1/2 star.) There is a lot to do with the kids. My girls went parasailing and loved it. Bring cash. We tipped generously. I swear the bartender who served the best Mai Tai's on the planet got teary when I gave her $5 and told her so. We tipped the maids, although I don't think it made that much of a difference. We paid cash for the parasailing and saved the tax - sound familiar? Don forget to bring your Tim Hortons mug. It identifies you as Canadian and starts a lot of conversations with travelers from across Canada. All in all, it was a fantastic vacation and although we were there for 10 days, it was over much too quickly!  
<Date>Mar 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>kmc1971
<Content>Disappointing hotel, great beach As many others have indicated, the two pools, beach and grounds are lovely. The food is varied and not too bad, although somewhat greasy and repetitive after a week. I did end up with severe stomach problems towards the end of my week there, which lasted several days upon my return to Canada. I only drank bottled water, drank almost no alcohol and generally have a cast iron stomach, so it must have been the food. Bring immodium!We booked with Air Transat. Be aware that Prestige Class means nothing. You do not get any upgraded service or amenities. The beach towels are a scarce commodity, and there are no welcome drinks. Our room was not ready for several hours after our arrival, and we were forced to either leave our luggage unattended or drag it around with us.In order to use the free casino credits, you have to spend an equivalent amount of money first. As others have noted, the dinner reservations are often very late at night and I was told they could not be changed, even though the restaurants are empty from 8:00 pm on. The room fridge was not restocked, even though we left generous tips. The TV did not work, which was disappointing only because there is not really any place to go at night. The beach was beautiful in the evening, but we did not feel safe there after dark.Having said all that, it was not a bad vacation, simply because the beach was so awesome. However, I would not return to this hotel. The service is generally good, except at the front desk, where it is terrible.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	2	1	2	2	

<Author>momoftwoonmv
<Content>Perfecto! We stayed at Barcelo Bavaro Golf Resort for two weeks and arrived home just a couple of weeks ago. Well, after reading all of the reviews, I mean all of them...(thank goodness for this website and for the travellers who contribute) we were mentally ready for just about everything...good and bad. After travelling for most of the day with my 2 small children and husband we arrived at the resort only to find out that they had our reservation had been at the Palace instead of Golf. I was NOT happy but was welll prepared from the reviews. I just went with it for the night and chose to battle in the morning. We were moved to the Golf resort the next day at 2:00. We are a family of 4 who like their space and that we got at Golf. It was perfect. We had 5 beds and a pullout couch. The service and restaurants and buffets were amazing. If you couldn't find something that you liked to eat, then you are aren't human. You name it they had it. The Dominican people who worked at the resort were so kind and hard working. We left American dollars and fives where ever we went and had fabulous service. For what we paid for this vacation it was the least we could do. There were plenty of activities for the kids and for us. We did everything!!! I will post pictures soon!  
<Date>Mar 26, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DinDC08
<Content>Loved it! We booked the vacation with allinclusive.com and Linda our travel agent there is wonderful! I highly reccommend using her for all travel arrangements. We went via applevacations. Linda did all of the communication and we just received the tickets, transfer, and hotel vouchers and went.Stayed 3/18 - 3/23 and unfortunately the wind had whipped the waves to heights of 15-20 ft. so we couldn't enjoy the beautiful beach for two of the days. The waves also made the visibility so poor we couldn't scuba dive, which was the main thing we wanted to do. Oh well, we can't blame the weather on anybody. We book all of our excursions through Gladys at Barcelo guest services. She was delightful, honest, and very easy to deal with. Our room was 3302 and was very nice. It was in the renovated section over looking the new pool and beach. We tipped the maid every day and I don't know if it really made a difference. The hotel ran out of lotion and other minor things. The towel service was done by a seperate group of house-keepers, but we always received clean towels, it was just at odd times everyday. The hotel staff over all was very nice and professional. The Barcelo is huge and not all guest are easy to please. They do a great job dealing with some very demanding, and rude people.The language barrier was an issue at times. Mainly at the bars, and restaurants. The bartenders are not the best in the world, but usually very nice and at least one person behind the bar spoke English. However, we were visitors to their country and they shouldn't have to learn English to make my life easier. If you speak any Spanish your trip will be much easier and without misunderstandings.The buffet was our biggest disappointment. It's large, busy, and without a whole lot of variety. After your second meal there your ready to do anything to eat at the a la carte restaurants. We ate at Toiko, Roma and El Sombero. At Toiko we had the odd experience of our chef walking off the job while the food was still cooking on the grill.At Roma a very rude person bullied the hostess into seating them two hours before their seating time, and before the rest of us waiting for our scheduled seating.El Sombero was the best. Great service, and great food.The beach is absolutely beautiful! You could walk for miles and never be able to take it all in. Be prepared to see alot of trash washed up onto parts of the beach.The pool was too cold to swim in, but very nice.The worst part was to see so many guest leave their water bottles, cups, and cigg butts all over the beach, and even all over inside the hotel. We will most likely be going back when we know the weather will allow us to dive.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>azdiva21
<Content>Great trip and good valve! Our family, including our two kids (age 14 and 16), just returned from a trip at Barcelo Premium Punta Cana during the week of March 16 through March 23. We were very worried about our trip as we were advised about the Holy Week restrictions on activities, but this turned out to not be much of an issue. Overall we enjoyed the vacation and found most of it to be a good valve. Read on if you would like some more details.Positives:Great room ?we had room 3404, and the view was stunning. Food ?The reservation restaurants were good, in particular Tokio, which the kids really enjoyed. The grill area was a nice option with familiar food options for kids i.e. hamburgers. Make sure to have lunch at the restaurant by the quiet pool as you get to order off the menu and it was really good. And for those of you that are bread fans, you will be in heaven ?these people know how to bake, so enjoy! The fresh baked bread at breakfast was awesome.Drinks ?Make a friend (tip a dollar here and there) and you will really get some fun drinks. The Dominican Flag, Miami Vice and Singapore Sling were my favorites.Pool ?Both were very nice and super clean. We had some windy conditions which made it dangerous to swim in the ocean, and staff was on hand to get you a lounge chair from the beach. We enjoyed the quiet pool more just because we aren really the group activity types and like to read (in the words of my daughter ou are so boring?, but we did finally give in to our kids and go to the larger pool, which they enjoyed.Beach ?Beautiful, wish we had had better weather, but the hotel can control this. A great plus is that there aren any vendors bugging you!Watersports ?We used the buggy boards and took their snorkeling trip. If the weather had cooperated earlier in the week we would have used the kayaks and windsurfers, but by the time the weather was decent again the holy week bans were in plan. An hour a day of buggy boarding is plenty for this old gal, and my kids both seemed fine with this as well. The snorkeling trip was fine as our kids had never snorkeled, and I wasn ready to lay out $400 for us to snorkel at Saona Island or the Marinarium, until I took them on this trip first. Negatives:Beach towels ?it took us 2 days to get towels and intervention from our travel agency to finally get all 4 of them. Major pain!Buffet ?It was great for breakfast but was not great for dinner. I think it is almost over whelming especially for kids, so you may need to help guide them to food that they will like.Tips:Cash ?Bring some! They will charge you extra for paying with credit cards, example at the watersports area; they charged me an extra 16%. Tips - My husband made fun of me for bringing 100 $1 bills, but I went through them all. I left $2-$3 for housekeeping along with a few mechanical pencils/gel pens I got from the Target $1 bins (we had tons of towels, soap, shampoo, beer, water, soda, etc.). I tipped the bartenders at the pool bar and the lobby bar a few bucks a day. When I got good service, I rewarded it and it paid off.Insulated cups ?Save yourself (and the bartender) multiple trips to the bar and bring an insulated cup with you. Plus it hot there, and your ice will melt quickly.Towels ?Bring your own beach towel.Language ?Brush up on your Spanish! Many of the staff are not very fluent.Travel Agency ?Go to the orientation. It is worth your time. Our agent, Adam from Apple Vacation, was great. He told us to see him if you were having any issues. Well, I took him up on this regarding the towels and he took care of it. Restaurant reservations ?Go early and often! I did not realize that you could make reservations later in the week until we were there a few days ?also if you don like the reservation you get earlier in the day, go back later to see if you can switch it, or go to the restaurant and see if they can get you in earlier (see the tip suggestion!)  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	3	5	-1	

<Author>p_alex
<Content>The best holiday in my life !!!!       hotel  
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>beachbums123
<Content>Great vacation       fruit boat  
<Date>Mar 23, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	4	5	3	4	5	

<Author>guyaume
<Content>Loved it ...Was fun and meet some nice people who work there       the beach  
<Date>Mar 23, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>clappyclappy
<Content>Wonderful Honeymoon       beautiful pool and grounds!  
<Date>Mar 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	2	4	3	

<Author>Worldtaveller
<Content>Read on if you haven't booked yet, I will make it short.We returned yesterday from the Barcelo. It is a beautiful resort if you stay in buildings 1, 2 or 3. If they put you in one of the older buildings, ask to be moved. Go see the head of reception. Tanya, she is great. Old buildings (4, 5 and 6) smell and the sheet are absolutely gross!! New building is a five star compared to the old ones.The food is not to write home about but we did not get sick. The a la cart restaurants are not too bad. The Japanese one is a great experience. Our boys loved it. Overall, a 2.5 out of 5 at best.The beach is fantastic. Great for smaller kids as well. Lots of walking, fine white sand and clean. The beach at the Barcelo is pretty clean except for the sigarette butts.Beach towels. Bring your own or make sure that you have clean ones before you go back to your room at night. It is absolutely impossible to get a clean towel before 2 pm!Staff. We love the D.R. people. We have been at the D.R. three times now. I don't know what they do to their staff but they are not too many happy people working there. There is the odd friendly staff member but most of them are miserable. As well, they seem to have no rules about staff eating while they are working. I found this very annoying.Smoking. Lots of smokers. Make sure your room is a non smoking room if you do not smoke! As well, ask to be seated in the non-smoking part of the restaurants.Overall, if you can get this trip for a great price, go for it. Would we go back? No! Try the Catalonia. Nicer people and better food. Beach is not better!If you are late teens, or in your twenties, lots of people around and they seem to have a great time. If you are a family with young kids, ask for a suite, great kids waterpark (in full sun) and fantastic beach. Not a lot of other kids to play with. Put your name on your toys as well.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2008
<Rating>3	2	4	4	2	3	1	3	

<Author>Whats4dnnr
<Content>The setting is paradise       The view from my lounge chair  
<Date>Mar 19, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	4	3	3	

<Author>geoffballs
<Content>Great location       The Beach  
<Date>Mar 19, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>seaoceanlover
<Content>Great Value My husband and I stayed at the Barcelo from March 6th to the 13th. This was our second trip to Dominican and the first to Punta Cana. First of all this vacation and hotel was great for the money we spent. The hotel was large with lots of activities, clean rooms and one of the most beautiful beaches. The staff were friendly, although please remember to be kind, tip and be somewhat patient because you are going to have to wait for some services, due to how large this hotel is and the amount of guests they need to serve.The new pool and restaurant are great and I would suggest eating there for lunch because the food is better there then at the buffet. The ocean was wonderful and the beach was clean with plenty of chairs, although if you are the type of person that likes to have some shade you will have to get up early to get a spot. We were lucky to get in one of the new buildings which is 1,2 or 3. I am not sure if this helped us but when I booked with Redtag I requested a renovated room and they put that request on our information. Now if you are looking to experience the culture of the Dominican you have to book a tour, unfortunately my husband and I were a little disappointed that we were not able to walk around a town or a city, basically all that is there to walk to is the golf course, a smaller market that is located down the street about 15 minutes away and a larger market which is a 45 minute walk down the beach past resort after resort (tip: bring a bottle of water for the walk!) As for tours we booked two:The first was the reef explorer where you got to spend a half a day on a floating island, swimming with sting rays and sharks, snorkeling, a massage and sea kayaking. It was a great trip!Secondly we booked the zip line tour. It was a great morning, the guides were great, friendly and created a wonderful admosphere! The zip line was fun and everyone seemed to have a great time! The drive to and from the tour was amazing because you got a chance to see the internor of the the island and the mountains. The equipment was in great shape and the guides were professional and safe. Any age would enjoy this trip!We flew with air transat and I would suggest going to the information meeting if this is your first trip to the Dominican, also I would suggest booking your tours through them. Now for the food...please bring upset stomach meds with you. Remember Dominican food is much different their ours and it is prepared and stored differently. I got sick our third day and my husband (who has a strong stomach) feel ill on the sixth day. Just ensure that you watch what and how much you are eating. I was reading these postings throughout the weeks before we left for the Barcelo and I must admit that a few worried me but I hope that I can put your minds at ease and say that you will have a great time if you enjoy wonderful weather and a beautiful beach. Enjoy  
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>BigJim2008
<Content>Great Time       swim up bar  
<Date>Mar 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	3	3	

<Author>canadalaura
<Content>Great Hotel Terrible Rooms I know people take these reviews with a grain of salt. But please read this review and understand that we were 1 out of maybe 10 couples that all had problems. the Barcelo was 90% canadians that booked with Air Transat. Air Transat can only book in a few sections of the hotel. Buildings 4-5. These sections have not been upgraded like sections 1-3 and are not as new as sections 6-7. I had asked our agent before we left for a ocean view suite and some what upgraded as this was a very special holiday for us. I was willing to pay a little extra for the upgrade. I was told we would have to wait until we got to the hotel. Once we arrived at the hotel we were told that we could not be switched from what was booked. We entered out room which was increadibly small, had two double beds and had what they called a garden view. The view was of a rock pile they were using for garden maintenance. The bathroom had mildew and was in rough shape, but clean unlike other guest's rooms. It had a small TV, that did work. The closet mirrors and bathroom mirrors were very badly oxidized. The closet doors were off the track, the magmetic switches were not working so the closet light would stay on all night and shine through the oxidized glass. The geese at 8:30 am were noisey but not a big deal to us. We knew this was a large hotel and would be noise in all areas of some kind. We went to the desk in the AM after little sleep and asked to be switched due to the light in the cloest not shutting off and 2 out of four lights not turning on. At the desk we waited in line behind people who all had similar complaints. Dirty tubs, used bottle of water in their bar fridges, fridges not working, too noisey. One lady had been to the Dominican 10 years in a row and she had never had rooms like this her whole time and was wanting to leave early from her two week vacation. It was at this time people were being upgraded to ocean view room swith double plasma TVs and in suite whirl pools. We did not care about the TV but did want to be upgraded as this was not a once in a life time holiday suite to us. One lady got upgraded because her remote did not work!!! We were told between $43USD and $53USD per person per night to upgrade. But others were upgraded for a tip, which we offered as well.We went to the Air Transat rep next and she got our light and closet somewhat repaired and she told us that everyone was having issues and being upgraded for cheap or under the table so the hotel put a stop to that right before we arrived to complain.Day 4 and our bathroom ceiling started to rain what down. There were puddles on the floor and it was very dirty. I am pregnant and dread to think what bactreria was in the pools of what as I had morning sickness. We went back to air transat and said enough is enough. All they said they could do was have it fixed. By that eve nothing was fixed. We took our video footage to the front desk and showed the lady the ceiling pouring water. She gave us another room finaly. But low and behold the room was given to another couple who had just arrvied from Canada and it was their second room. This 2nd room was filthy as well. So the four us went back down stairs and said this will not due. The new to arrive couple was upgraded to a large suite in the newly renovated section. We were given the same type of room in the same building #4 but with a pool view and everthing working. Too bad we only had 2 nights left. We met other people who asked for an upgraded room when they booked at the same time and same agent and same price and had no problems and a very decent room. Like I said we were amoung at least 10 other couples with bad rooms and unhappy at the amount of money paid for a 4.5 star hotel and only received a 2 star room. We seemed to be the only ones with a hex over us and unable to be upgraded. And no, we did not yell and scream at any staff...maybe we should have. We were told the owners of the hotel decided what the star rating is. We were very disapppointed they would book the old part of the hotel and not warn people when they are booking. We will not be booking at the Barcelo again or with Air Transat. I must say though the staff was increadibly friendly polite and the foood was pretty good. There was lots to do at the Barcelo except at night, the disco and and casino kind of sucked. But we had a nice time out side in the sun!  
<Date>Mar 16, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	1	3	1	3	4	4	

<Author>littlemomma42
<Content>Great Trip Eight of us (four couples) stayed at Barcelo Punta Cana from February 17th to the 24th. We requested block 1,2,or three but only one couple got put in block 3 one of the new renovated blocks. The rest of us got put in building 5 on the ground level which was like a basement level. Our room was the best out of the bunch but it smelled like sewer and there were alot of Musquitoes in our room. Our friends beside us had a leak and one of them got a bad shock off of the closet door. Our friends on the other side of us had a major leak. We decided to put in one night and then go to the front desk in the morning. We went the next morning and in a friendly way asked if we could be moved on account of the conditon of the rooms. By 6:00 pm that evening we were all moved to block 6 on the ground floor level but it was higher than block 5 ground floor level. The rooms were much nicer. We only had one cockroach and the safe didn't work but we used our friends next to us. We found out if you book through air transat you are put in the old blocks. We don't know why one of the couples lucked out and got block 3 but we were happy for them. This was our third trip to domincan rupublic. The first time it was in puerto plata and the last two to punta cana. I like punta cana much better. The beach at this resort is awesome. I loved the big waves and I was in everyday to enjoy them. The pools are great too but we are beach bums so thats where we hung out. We had a hard time finding huts as we did not get to the beach until aroung 9 or 10 but never had a problem finding 8 loungers to pull together. We also spent some time in the jacuzzies which was relaxing. I loved the food at the barcelo. There is always something that you can find to eat. We usually ate at the beach bar for breakfast as it wasn't as busy and they have a wonderful omlette station outside of it that makes omlettes and fried eggs. We ate at three of the a lacartes which we all enjoyed. Its nice to sit down, relax and be waited on. It was towards the end of the week that we found the perfect location for the eight of us. It was the new pool area. The beach was close by and the new resteraunt was there where you could sit down and be waited on for lunch or do their buffet. Also there was a bar below the restraunt which we never found to be overly busy. We also had them making beer and tomatoe juice drinks for us. There also was a very nice washroom around back of the bar and one up in the restraunt. Those who liked the pool could hang there while the rest of us were at the beach. There is a guy named Mario who works the new pool area and he was so nice and him and my brother became buddies. I can't say anything bad about this place. To me it was well worth the money. As far as rooms go, unless you are going to a brand new resort I think you will find some rooms run down. It's hard to keep up with that many people coming and going. I definately would go back just for the beach.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Party013
<Content>Great Value for the Money! Well, first off I have to say that we paid $1000/person before tax for this trip during Spring Break- so everything I say is relative. My fiancee and I had a great time largely due to the fact that we got a great deal and were there to enjoy the sun, surf and sand not to mention the booze! If you have read the reviews on the hotel, don't get scared, it's clean, the staff is friendly and the location is fantastic.The best part of our stay was choosing not to do excursions but rather to spend the money on a professional photo session. The on site photographers led by Georges Gurascier are phenomenal. Georges took us on an expedition around the grounds and along the beach and took some of the most spectacular photos I've seen and i've seen a lot! (both my fiancee and I used to be models). In an hour and a half he captured close to 200 great photos that were almost impossible to choose between. After the session was done, he edited and compiled the pictures and even offered to ensure that they were printed and ready for pick up before our departure the next day. Even if you decide the full photo session is not your idea of fun, make sure you take a photo on the beach with any of the tropical animals they bring each day (monkey, iguana, parrots, boa). For a few bucks you will have a truly spectacular picture, that you can see the edited version before you buy- and they will edit out everyone on the beach if you want! Take my word for it go and see these guys. They are located in the hotel, just next to the main pool- check out the pics I attached.Ok, about the hotel... when it comes to the rooms, you get what you pay for! The hotel was recently purchased by Barcelo and they are in the process of renovating. To date they have completed the new pool and restaurant and 3 bulidings out of the seven that comprise the hotel. It seems that the renovated rooms go to the guests from Europe or the US who have paid more for their trip. The old rooms go to those on package deals with Air Transat, Skyservice etc. The rooms are clean but are old and in much need of repair. Our air conditioner did not work well but when we mentioned it to guest services they did send someone to look at it. Three out of the four lamps in the room did not work and the lampshades were stained and ragged. There were mosquitos squashed on the wall and the ceiling in the bathroom had a small leak- so nothing to write home about but not the end of the world either.The maid service was not great but they did the necessary cleaning i.e. bathroom and floor but attention to detail like replacing the kleenex box went out the window. Again, we only slept in the room and made the best of the rest of our time.The beach and pool areas are beautiful, there are plenty of chairs at both and despite the hotel being at full capacity, there never seemed to be a crowd. The beach towel service is a little hit and miss, but if you keep trying you will get one (keep in mind with some 1500 guests at the hotel, that's a lot of laundry!The food is reasonable at the buffet but the a la carte restaurants are better! It's not gourmet but there's plenty of variety and for a $1000 you can't expect cordon bleu cooking. Perhaps one of the best things about the resort is that you can get food 24/7...There is always a restaurant that is open. Your best bet for lunch is at the El Mirador, the new restaurant next to the new pool- it's a little long but the food is good and the view is spectacular.There's nothing to complain about with the alcohol, the bartenders are more than happy to give you more than you need, and the all inclusive price includes premium alcohol not just domestic brands. The animation team is great but never pushy- if you want to join an activity, that's great if you don't they leave you alone.All in all a fun time, and great value for the money. If you can put up with an old, tired room then it's well worth seeing this spectacular location!!!!! Because once they've finished renovating a $1000 all inclusive for a week will be a thing of the past!!!!!  
<Date>Mar 12, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	5	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>SunL0ver101
<Content>Good Trip BUT watch the food!! We just got back from our vacation last night to Barcelo. We booked our vacation through selloffvacations.com. We flew out of Toronto on March 3rd. The flight was pretty good..everything ran smoothly the only down side we had to wake up at 1 am to get to the airport by 3 am cause our flight was 6 am. If you leave try to go later as this wrecks a couple of your days because you are trying to recover from the amount of sleep you lose. We flew with Skyservice and they were great! everyone was friendly, the only downside the plane was very very squished..we were in there like sardines. Our arrival at punta cana was very good..just watch out for those bag boys..they are visous. They even fight with eachother to get your bags so watch out!! try not to get them. Our transportation was very good we took a nice coach bus and arrived at the resort around 1 pm. Let me say that once you get in the dominican and drive to your resort you will be shocked. The roads are awful..and everyone drives fast and honks! its awful. The way the people live here is very sad aswell and let me say they treat dogs here like rodents. Check in ran smoothly except we had to wait till 3:30 for our room which was a bummer but we got to eat lunch right away. Let me say it takes getting used to everything..you will find your way around everywhere eventually..dont worry..this resort is huge but everything is easily accesible. We had the prenium class and let me say this does nothing for u!! the only thing u get is the 4 reservations for the a la carte restaurants and you get a special braclet which i think does nothing for you. Everyone gets free drinks. The rooms very okay, we did not get the renovated rooms but still they were okay. Dont worry about the musty smell, it goes away after a few days and just leave your balcony door open for a few hours a day and you will be set to go! the beds were comfy and the fridge was stocked daily. The maids did a very good job and we left her a little gift when we left. Our room was in block 6 on floor 3. We were close by the pool which was nice. You do have to walk a lot to get to your room just a little warning but its all good for you! why not come home with a little weight gone? it felt good ! Now for the pools and the beach..they were all AMAZING. the beach was spectacular..just watch out for the topless women which isnt too nice when your a women..the beach was very clean and very pretty. Make sure you were tons of sunscreen!! atleast something over 30 spf!! i got burnt badly and let me say it wrecks your vacations. I couldnt sleep sometimes during the night because i was burnt so bad. You dont want to look like a lobster! The pools were very nice and big didnt spend to much time in them but they were good. They were very clean aswell. You could always find chairs to sit in which wasnt a problem. The bars were very good, remember to tip your bartender! they basically live off your tips. These people make a dollar an hour so be generous! Beware of the pina coladas! they are a natural laxitive and if you want to spend your whole vacation in the washroom go ahead. Id limit myself to about 1 pina colada a day..watch your drink limit. The service here was very good but sometimes slow but that doesnt matter does it? your on vacation!! you've got plenty of time. The people are very very friendly and always happy and singing. The only thing i would recommend is you learn your basic spanish like hello and how are you things like that because the people here dont speak much english. Now for the food..my BIGGEST problem..the food was awful, watch out for the meat, beware of the hotdogs and pasta! DO NOT AND I WARN DO NOT EAT THE SALAMI AND CHEESE AT THE BUFFET this is what i got sick from. I had to get sent to the hospital for a whole day because i got an infection of my stomach and intestines. I warn you now get travel insurance or you are screwed. I had to be put on IV for a whole day and now i am on 3 types of medication to settle my stomach. It was not fun and very scary to spend a day in the hospital in a poor country like the dominican. I do have to admit though they are very fast there you get everything you need..they just dont speak english..There is a doctor on the resort and i recommend if you get diarrea or feel ill go straight to the doctor! do not wait it out for you will get even more sick trust me. The doctor there is very good. I just want to say just make sure what you are eating, do not eat something that you are not used to and just watch everything. The a la carte restaurants were very good and very nice. We only got to have the Italian and the Seafood restaurant for the 2 other ones were extreamly late and we had to cancel them. Now for the vendors..beware of these people! they will sell you stuff at way to high of a price..do bargain as much as you can. But i would avoid these people..our travel agent liked to call them sharks. There are a lot of excursions here..i recommend you go through your travel agent though..and if you are with air transat go to there office and book with them. We went on the Bavaro runners which was very fun. I recommend to bring the kids something little as you get to stop and see them. Do not..DO NOT give the kids money because they will beg..and they all come and try to steal your money...we didnt know this and it was a huge mistake. If you have a weak stomach watch out on this trip..you go on very bad bumpy rocky roads and it wasnt too nice..The trip over all was very fun and i would recommend it. Now for the resort..all in all it is one of the nicest resorts on the strip..and its at the end of the beach which is nice aswell. I would recommend it to anyone..I would just recommend you be careful with the food, and if you dont like big resorts dont come here. It did beat our expectations but i was very disappointed with the food. All in all after even spending a day in the hospital i had a wonderful trip!  
<Date>Mar 11, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	4	3	3	4	5	

<Author>suzyQEdmontonAlberta
<Content>Wish we'd stayed longer we had a great time in early Feb.Our room was not the nicest and we did have a few problems with our safe which kept breaking.We also found a huge language barrier. It would be great if they had someone fluent in English at the front desk at all times.We also got booked for all our a la carte meals at 930 but we went to every restauraunt about 800 and got in every time without any hassels.The Japenese restaurant was great. The italian and french and grill were all good too Even the buffet was really very good.We've stayed in 5 stars in the Mayan the Bahia and the Palladium and their food at the a la cartes was not as good.Reading other peoples reviews before we left had me sure I was going to starve.Far from it .The entertainment staff were a blast they could good speak good english. We met lots of nice people at the resort all from Canada.There was always something to do from 8am til dark .All the rooms are within a 5 minute walk to the beach which is beautiful and nicer then any of the others around this area.Take out a board for free from the rental center and catch a few waves I had a fun time doing that they'll also take you out on a catermaran.The pools were clean and beautiful with mature landscape .I even tried out the kiddy water park but it is probably only good for kids up to 8 years old .It wasn't designed for any one weighing more then 80lbs you hit the pool bottom pretty hard coming off the largest ride.We went to Catalina Island and Altos Chavron the trip across the ocean on the catermaran was really nice.Go see the girls at air transat if you want to by jewlery they 'll get you to a nice boutique with some well priced quality jewlery nicer then the vendors and nowhere near as expensive as harrisons on the resort.We only went for a week because we heard Punta Cana could be boring we wish we'd stayed for 2 weeks .The resort is fun and there are lots of excersions to choose from. The mudslides were yummy and the weather was 30plus with a breeze.Wish I was still there.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	5	4	2	5	4	

<Author>JeanetteandDon
<Content>A nice place to Visit We stayed at the Barcelo Punta Cana Resort. I was really nervous after I booked the trip because I read the reviews. But we decided that this was our vacation and we would make due. The only problem we had was with the room. The air-condition was between the 3rd and 4th floor and it leaked. We were only in our room to sleep so we let it go. We ate all our meals at the Buffet. Let me tell you the food choices were great. The food itself was yummy. I can't say enough good things about the food. And no we didn't take Pepto Bismal or anything else so we wouldn't get sick. Which by the way we never did. We didn't eat at the a la cartes because the variety was wonderful at the Buffet. We ate pizza and hotdogs and french fries for our lunches. If you are a coffee drinker you have to go to the coffee shop and taste the different flavors. The only really negative thing that turned me off was the pushy vendors on the property. When you go to vacation there you have to do the Jurasic Safari. It was what made our whole trip. It's a day excursion and you see all the country side of the Dominican. And when you go take gifts for the School children. And last but not least, the malaria outbreak. We took the pills that were prescribed for us. They cost $15.00 for the both of us. We never finished taking them; why would we. We saw a total of 3 mosquitoes the whole 7 days that we stayed there. Just remember, its your vacation and you are going to a third world country, so you make it what it is. We had a wonderful time.  
<Date>Mar 10, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sunlover5758
<Content>A Lovely Vacation Part one: We spent a week at the Barcelo Punta Cana from Feb 25th to Mar 3rd. We flew out of St. John's and between the flight, bus, and check in didn't make it to our room until after 1am. Then we were given the wrong keys. That was pretty easy to fix though The rooms do smell musty, I'll admit. I e-mailed and requested the new section but didn't get it. So, the first night we lay there and tired and disappointed. The next morning I sure changed my mind. The resort is absolutely beautiful. The pools are large and very clean. The beach is out of this world. I walked down the beach later and the other resorts do not have as nice a beach as the Barcelo. They could do with more pallapas, though. You had to get up really early to get one. I was on the beach every morning by seven just to get shade.The rooms were kept clean. The sheets were clean and fresh smelling. My inlaws hated their room the first night. They requested another one and had no problem getting it. I found the staff at the front desk to be very nice and accomodating. I thinks the entire staff are hard working and friendly. There are so many people in the dining room at one time. The people working there rush around trying to please everyone.The food? I've been south 14 times and I've NEVER had problems with the food. You have to realize where you are. It's not home. There's always someone grilling something, a roast of chicken or beef, spaghetti of every kind, omelets to order, fresh scrumptious bread. Yes, there are also foods you probably haven't seen before. But, you don't have to eat them. And the a la cartes! We went to three of them, including the Dominican, and I felt like we were in 5 star restaurants. Beautiful. If you go to one and the food isn't to your liking, go to the buffet after. You don't have to go hungry.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ccc25
<Content>BPC :FUN place during the day...Far exceeded my expectations       Ruiles of the pool :D  
<Date>Mar 9, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	3	3	4	

<Author>arturovirgilio
<Content>hotel dated but good!       the room  
<Date>Mar 9, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	3	2	3	3	

<Author>Enjoytraveltheworld
<Content>Would not go there again I have gone through the other reviews on this hotel and I must admit I am a bit surprised that so many people have rated this hotel favourably. It could be that I was extremely unlucky?but my experience there was not quite as positive?Here are the facts? What we liked:The beach is fantasticThe swimming pools are huge and great What we did not like:The service: it is extremely slow, slower than you can imagine. We queued 1 hour to check in and 45 minutes to check out. Service at the restaurants is also very slow. Things are better at bars ?but only if you tip!!!Our room: nothing was working in our room, starting from the lights, to the toilet, to the shower, just to mention a few. We had a leaking ceiling in the bathroom. Using the bathroom was basically a nightmare!!!Looks like some rooms at the hotel have been refurbished and some have not?so those who describe their rooms as really nice must have stayed at the refurbished rooms. We did ask if we could change rooms, but were told the hotel was fully booked. In 10 days, we only had our towels changed once. We were without towels for 4 days (luckily, I had brought 2!!!). When we asked the maid, she said they were washing them and she would bring them?but she never did. The restaurants: we were booked at 3 a la carte restaurants, which sounded really good. But they booked us at 9.30 pm every time and we could never make it (we have a 5 year old child). We asked if we could change time, but they told us no. The food at the buffet was not very good. It was kept there for a long time, was greasy and overcooked. I once found an insect in the soup?these things happen, but it was not that pleasantHotel facilities: we chose this hotel because it had a great water park for kids? Shame that it was closed when we were there. On the hotel website it did not say anything about it being closed? Our child was really upset about that!!! The spa was also under construction (or refurb, not sure). The gym was closed 2 days. I was disappointed by the standards of the hotel and by the way problems were dealt by hotel staff. I would not go back to this hotel  
<Date>Mar 9, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	5	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>NLgirl_8
<Content>We had an awesome time!! We stayed at Barcelo Punta Cana from Feb 25- March 3/08. We had a great vacation. The weather was beautiful and there was lots to do.The beach was amazing, although I will agree with a previous writer...it is full of cigarette butts. How hard is it to throw your cigarette butts in a cup until you leave, then toss it in the garbage? Have some respect! We enjoyed the food. My favorite restaurants were the Tokio and the Roma. We travelled with Air Transat and had 4 pre-selected reservations but we were able to change them without too much problem. However, there were no beach towels in our room and there was no welcome cocktail when we arrived, which we were supposed to get as we travelled in the so-called prestige class or whatever. Not a big deal. We all enjoyed the buffet, if you can't find anything to eat, then you are the problem, not the food itself!!We thought the service was fine, it is true that some of the staff don't speak English very well, but I don't speak Spanish either so I guess I'm as much to blame as they are. I believe a friendly smile and a dollar here and there is all you need to get by anyways! Our favorite bartender was Juan, at the lobby bar. So friendly and funny!The hotel itself was basic. Our room was in an older section, Yes it smelled a little musty...we didn't care...we were in our room long enough to sleep and shower, that's about it. They were clean, thats the main thing. We had to change rooms halfway thru the trip due to a leak in our bathroom ceiling. Actually, to call it a leak is an understatement! I thought our shower was running, but no, it was water pouring from the ceiling! LOL We changed rooms and didn't have any more problems. Oh, I will say though, that they had scented toilet paper in the rooms. I didn't mind, as I don't have sensitivities to such things, but for all you ladies out there who have allergies, etc. You may want to bring some stuff from home, just in case! Also, there were no facecloths...so you may want to bring some of those too. Maybe you had to ask for them...I didn't!All in all, we had a wonderful time, I would go back even just for the beach! It was nice to get away from all the snow here at home. We met some great people and it was so nice to do nothing but relax for a whole week! We also met some people who did nothing but complain about the food and service...but in my opinion you can't possibly satisfy everyone! We had no major problems with anything, and we got a great deal on this hotel. It was well worth the moneyDon't listen to the negative reviews, some people have nothing better to do than whine and complain!Have a great trip!!  
<Date>Mar 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	3	4	4	

<Author>emiya
<Content>If you are trying to break up with someone... Then take your bf/gf to the Barcelo Resort in Punta Cana. Needless to say, our visit was awful. So awful that I could not shake a feeling that my bf wanted to break up. And, break up we did----2 weeks later!  
<Date>Mar 7, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	1	1	1	

<Author>dmsenior
<Content>Seasoned Travelers to the Domincan Republic had a terrible experince We travelled to the Barcleo resort as it was recommend by a Travel Agency. My partner and I travel ever year to the Domincan and alawys to the Puerto Plata side. So we thought we would give the Punta Cana side a try as we heard so many good things. Let me say the only good thing here was the beach, listed below are the probelms to know about before you stay there,This what I wrote to the Travel Agency .Below is a list of items that disturbed us at this resort. We went with an open mind and would not compare the resort to Iberostar but had hoped it would at a minimum be as nice as some of the other resorts we have stayed as the cost to go here was high. There were other Newfoundlanders that were seasoned travelers to the the Dominican Republic and they all were very disappointed too. If the resort was the first place you had been on the island then people thought it was okay. I did leave a note with the manager but I can guess there will be no reply. I will certainly spread the news about this resort as the only nice thing was the beach. Bottom line I suggest you not recommend this resort to anyone who has travels to other resorts before. Can you please pass this along to Air TranstatPrestige class states a separte check in a implies a different level of services. We arrived at the resort at 1230 at night with a long line up of a bus load and was informed that prestige is what everyone checks in as. Not one of the staff smiled there and it appear as if it was too much trouble to do any thing for youThe information provided us stated that there was seven buildings all with elevators. We were in building seven on the forth floor with no elevator and the others close by were out of services. I have a heart condition and on the second day tired to get a room at a lower level and after two days of trying I gave up. the waiting during the daytime to move was ruining our holidayThe hotel and each room has a terrible musty smell which the Air Transtat rep told us about and advised when we went home to wash all our clothsThe alacarte reservations were made for us with no choice of times, some were as late as 930 pmthe main buffet was there however the food was terrible and service was very bad we might find a table with most of tableware missing would manage to get water and if we asked for wine it would be 30-45 mins later they might show upThe bars had many line ups and if you asked for a drink they never got it right it was always wrong unless it was beer you asked forThe telephone access was very bad ,I tired to make a call and the hotel operator flirted with me My daughter tried to reach me with info on a death in the family and at during the 15 min experience they told her I was not there, I had checked out and then to call back after six PMThe rooms were not done until after 5 pm even as late as 6pm then there was never a full compliment of linenThe mini bar was not stocked every day and if we called we were told it was too lateThe pool was dirty and slimy at times There was very late and loud parties until 3 am and 4 am in the mornings at the 24hr bar which was by the rooms this noise went on forever. in most resorts this type of thing was always at the reception area away from the rooms . IT was very disturbing and annoying for those with a ocean view room as we had.Dorothy  Brian--------------------------------------------------------------------------------  
<Date>Mar 7, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SCandCL
<Content>Amazing place if...       View from building 7 (71xx)(back of the hotel)  
<Date>Mar 6, 2008
<Rating>5	1	4	5	4	4	5	5	

<Author>solnushka
<Content>Nice Hotel, but Bad Service We travelled to Barcelo, Punta Cana. The hotel itself is very nice, decent rooms, beatiful pools and landscape.The beach is excellent, water sports are great and can be booked very easily.The only negative thing is how slow and unfriedly the service is in this hotel. Nobody knows anything when asked, in the morning before going to trip we had to come for an early breakfast - personnel was sleeping by the palm trees...They are not willing to help - forget about asking in English, when we tried to ask in Spanish they didn't even try to understand. They just don't want to work.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	5	3	4	1	3	

<Author>Travelingsweeties
<Content>Good but not that good       Pool and Swim up bar  
<Date>Mar 5, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>Brwerfan
<Content>Decent Place We just returned from a 7-night stay at Barcelo Punta Cana. We had a nice time and the Barcelo had a lot to do with it. The resort had some great features, but it also had some bad aspects too. First the good: the pool, the beach, the entertainment team, and the service. Honestly, all of the above were excellent. The 2 pools are large and well-maintained. I loved that they were so large that you could get lost in them. We would just swim around in all different directions (but somehow we always found ourselves back at the swim-up bar!). The beach: this is one of the best. We walked up the beach for about an hour and half to the east and I don't think any other resorts' beach was quite as nice. Why? The Barcelo's is clean and large and just a smidge to the west the waves are huge! Plus there were many loungers so it was always easy to find a nice spot. No review would be complete without a huge kudos to the Entertainment team. These people work so hard. They are some of the first and last people you see on any given day; and they make you have fun because they're always having so much fun. They're really great and they always made us smile and laugh. And lastly, the service. I honestly can't say we had bad service from anyone. People were always happy, helpful, and working to make things better. I was really pleased.And for the bad: the odor, the food, the size, and some of the facilities. The odor, at times, was quite strong and unpleasant. I only noticed it in my room, but my room was not the source. It is a strong sewer type smell. One night it was so strong it woke me up; I thought I might yak, but it often went away just as quickly as it came - most of the time it was tolerable. The food: just not very good - you must pick your cuisine carefully: we thought we did, but we are both suffering from Sammy Sosa's revenge. It's also a pain that you don't get to pick your restaurants and have to eat mostly at the buffet. We did have a nice dinner at Tokio and the Marlin - I suspect other ala cartes were good too, but Dominican restaurant (Conuco, I think) was not very good. In fact, some of it was inedible - we were served a plate of pork bones and fat - no meat; I wasn't sure what to do with that. The size: this place is big, maybe too big and there can be large crowds at some of the facilities when full (swim-up bar and pool service bar are examples). The size is also what makes it hard to eat at some of the ala carte restaurants. Lastly, some of the facilities. I can see the maintenance crew is working hard and the number of people that use this place can wear it out faster than maintenance can keep up. Some things just look beat up - the lobby bars are an example, so are the ping-pong tables. It just showing its age, but it isn't anything that should ruin your good time. I also learned that the Merengue must've been invented by Dominicans trying to take a shower at the Barcelo. I have never jumped around so much: left, right, in, out, but, again, this place is big, so I can imagine people throughout are creating a fluctuating demand for the hot and cold water.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	3	3	5	-1	

<Author>crazytraveller017
<Content>Never again! I so much agree with those who did not find the Barcelo Punta Cana up to standards. The service is unbelievably slow (it took up 90 minutes to check it, can you believe it???). Service at bars is only quick if you tip (there are lots of Americans and Canadians there, and they always tip everybody, so bartenders have got used to it - if you tip, you get your drink, if you do not tip, you do not get your drink). I find this system very unfair (and it would not be acceptable in Europe)... but anyway... when in Rome do as the Romans do!My room was the worst room I have ever had. Leaking ceiling, flooded toilet, blocked sink, TV with nearly only porno on it - can you imagine any worst?The food was not good. It was edible, but just about. A couple we met there (from France) ended up in hospital with food poisoning. We did not have any problems, though.We were automatically booked at the a la carte restaurants at check in - the timing were crazy: once at 6 pm, the following day at 9.30 pm. Really silly timing! The food at al la carte restaurants is better, the service still really slow (although friendly).Meals at the buffet restaurant are sort of entertaining - you have to fight to get a table, to get your cutlery, to get your salt and pepper, to get your napkin.... really a nightmare! And once you get your stuff, and go and get your food... you come back and something is missing (normally the salt and pepper) because the waiters pinch it from one table to give it to the next. Never seen anything like that!The good points abou this hotel are the beach and the swimming pools. They are really great!I wanted to go to the Spa but it was closed. Bad luck!My recommendation to people intending to go to Punta Cana - think twice before you go to this hotel. As I said, the beach and the pool are great (and so are the drinks at the bars) but the rest is a disaster. If you are given a crap room (like ours) you are stuck with it - it is not easy to change room (we tried twice, even gave a 20USD tip to the reception guy... but in vain!)  
<Date>Mar 2, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	2	1	1	2	

<Author>4FamilyMan4
<Content>Great Place that will get better!!!! This is a great resort and will only get better. This is because they are going through improvements which are very much hidden. There is improvement work going on but you don't even notice it. While we were there a new kids water park was opend on the resort. The resort was really nice and the staff were great. Before I went I read some pretty bad reviews so was very worried. We had no complaints at all. Great atmosphere, amazing beach, very very clean - what more do you want? Rooms were fairly basic but verynice and most importantly very clean. Staff were so friendly! Go there and have a great holiday!!  
<Date>Mar 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	3	5	3	

<Author>Bojangles
<Content>Barcelo Is Fine, And Only Going To Get Better       Rock Climbing Wall  
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	4	4	3	

<Author>malbs1919
<Content>Honest review from well traveled young adult       Me and my gf on the beach  
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>adirondack46er
<Content>Only Made One Mistake We spent a week at Barcelo Punta Cana and the only mistake we made was that we didn't go for two .We have traveled alot and this vacation was outstanding.The beach was one of the best you will find.The staff was great, a couple dollor tip went a long way with these people.I read alot of bad reviews and came to realize, that some people you can't please regardless.A couple of bad reviews I read were: 1 There are birds flying around in the restaurants. Yes we saw a bird or two , but then again you get that when you have open spaces ( no doors, open windows...the temp is always around 85 so no need to shut the buildings up).2 You couldn't leave the resort...We did, we went shopping the second day, Went to a nearby school and brought the childern alot of school supplies we had brought with us. Our fourth day we went on a sunset cruise and had a ball.I guess the rooms were different depending on where you stayed. We were in building 3 and the rooms were all remodeled and very clean.Would we go back ?? Yes next year ,but for two weeks not just one.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>TropicalSunshine18
<Content>Had a great time but...       One the profesional photos we had taken  
<Date>Feb 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	5	3	-1	

<Author>beachbunny10
<Content>So much fun! I just returned from a week stay at the Barcelo and it was absolutely fabulous. The reviews terrified me, but I must say our experience was fabulous.My boyfriend and I are in our twenties and were pleasantly surprised with the Barcelo.The beach is absolutely gorgeous and the waves are tons of fun to play in! You will get tossed around :) Be careful!We stayed in an older room in building 7, but our room was fairly nice. Everything worked, it was very very very clean, the maids were very nice and put fresh flowers in our room every day and we were close to the beach and the large pool.We went to three A la carte restaurants, the mexican, tokio and paris. They were all delicious and the service was great. Tokio is very entertaining!The workers are very nice, Sander was my favourite bartender! And Simon who teaches water aerobics is hilarious.The trip is what you make it. There is tons of things to do when you are there you just have to be willing to have fun and do them. We took salsa dance lessons, spanish lessons, we did water aerobics, we played volleyball, we did the trapeze... and we went on the marinarum tour swimming with sharks which was veryyyyy excited. It is only half a day so it's lots of fun. The entertainment on the tour was great and the bob marley beach party was tons of fun. They also have pool tables and games to play which is a bonus. We met tons of wonderful people of all ages. The service was great. The bars do get busy, but it is expected at a hotel with over 800 rooms. Its vacation though, no one is in a rush :).They provide bottled water whenever you ask for it which is very nice. The only annoyance was on tuesdays and thursdays when the vendors came to the resort and you could not get anywhere with out them haggling you. But we learned alternative routes to avoid them :) They tend to be very pushy. Overall we had a fabulous time and did not want to leave!  
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	3	4	5	

<Author>Liskeygirl
<Content>Great Day at The Shop       There's Patrick doing a great job and us having some fun  
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>JimmyBoy2008
<Content>Worst place for the money, a big time scam!!!!!!! Worst place, for the money, I ever been, in the last 20 years or so!!!! I 've been there at the end of January 2008.Hotel is rated as a three star one!!!! It's a big joke, would not fit a profile of a 2-2.5 star hotelService is substandard: small , cheap tv set in the room, lot of fixtures broken, a lot of pay-par-view porn channels (if you go with kid, think twice before flipping the channels, the sound is on almost always) - very educational, especially if you go with kids, rooms full of mosquitoes, nobody speaks English (learb\n some Spanish, will go a long way there), the bed was in poor condition (you could literally sink into the mattress), reception very polite in ...making empty promises, but won't really move a finger to help, the food is barely acceptable, the bar is full of cheap local drinks (except the paid one), etc, etc, etc, etc. If you need more info, please write me at jcocares@yahoo.comTHE PRICE PER DAY IS OUtRAGEOUS, IF YOU COMPARE WITH A STANDARD 3-3.5 STAR HOTEL. ON THE POSITIVE SIDE, IF YOU GET IT AT 50-60% OF THE PRICE OF A DECENT 3 STAR HOTEL, THE DEAL IS OK, HAVING IN VIEW THAT FOR LOWER STANDARDS YOU PAY LESS. OTHERWISE IT'S A BIG SCAM, WAY TOO EXPENSIVE FOR COMFORT AND SERVICE.NEED MORE INFO, SEND ME AND E-MAIL AT jcocares@yahoo.comCheers,Jimmy Boy  
<Date>Feb 24, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	2	1	3	1	

<Author>kingryge
<Content>Great Time! Just got back this morning from Barcele Punta Cana, and i was kind of iffy about this resort because there is those reviews that say that this place was just horriable, but there all wrong...Arrival: We book our flight through air transit, and and AIr Transit, was honestly horrible, it seemed like they were last on the prority list, because we had an hour delay because the plane was trap by others planes, and it was super crammed on the plane, compared to AC, or WestJet, so it was hard to get comfortable.however when we go to the resort, check in was really fast, it took about 5 minutes at most. Rooms: They were good enough for me, only used it to sleep in and it did the job, had a great view of pool and ocean. Food: The buffet was the downer of the trip, it was pretty much the same food everyday, and a lot of people in our group got sick from it, i was sick for a day, BUT the restraunts were pretty good, i recommanded Roma and and the Tokyo ones, they were the best by far. Breakfast was unreal, got a nice meal every day! Bars: Lobby bars: i found were the worse, it took at least 3-5 mins to get a drinkPool Bar: it was ok, they were not the best at making the drinks Beach Bar ( 24hours): This was the best bar, with the best bartenders.... Estaban, Felix and Arnaldo, miss them a lot because there were so fun and great, and clearly were the best for making drinks, I reccommand tipping here and there if you want better service! Pools and Beach:Just was in the pool with the pool bar, it was really nice.the beach was super nice, but was pretty windy at times, the sand was so beautiful! Grounds: were really clean, and well kept! TOURS ( BIG PART):IF YOU ARE PLANNING TO DO SOMETHING DO NOT GO THROW A GUY CALLED MARCO, HE TOLD US WE WOULD BE GOING SNORKLING AND ALL, BUT IT NEVER HAPPEND, WE JSUT WENT TO A DIFFERENT ISLAND, AND HE SAID FORESURE THAT THERE WILL BE SNORKLING, THE BEST YOU EVER SEEN, BUT THERE WASN'T, HE CALLED US TO SEE HOW IT WAS WE TOLD HIM HE LIED, AND NEVER SHOWED HIS FACE AGAIN, BEWARE OF THIS!Conslusion: The only people that i found complained were the americans, they loved us canadians, and they said that they don't like americans ha!, hotel was nice, food was ok, if you didnt have to eat at the bufffet, overall I will not go again because i see no point why you should go to the same resort again but i HIGHLY reccommand it!  
<Date>Feb 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>luvnheat
<Content>very good value went Feb 12-19th out of kitchener. check in good with premium class. bldg 6 4th floor ocean and pool view. 4th time to p.c. in the d.r. and of course beach is great. pools also. only complaint if this is one is that there is only one washroom for the large pool and the ocean which is part of the restaurant. awkward at meal times. a-la-cartes were all good however french had slow service. couldn't go wrong with the buffets. long walk out to main road at front of resort but could take a bus to Higuey for $2.50. met a tour guide that got on the bus and showed us the cathedrals (new and old-new spectacular), markets, downtown.never felt worried about safety however there were beggars. worth while if you want to see real dominican republic. would return  
<Date>Feb 21, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>stress73
<Content>Awsume place perfect beachs My hubby and I returned back from a week at Barcelo Punta Cana from Jan 24th to 31st. It was a great place to go.Resort : Rooms in the level 4,5,6,7 sections are older will need some work to them but were okay since you only sleep in them. Rooms over in the level 1,2,3 section were newer renovated rooms with ceiling fans wall TV's ect. I would say level 4,5,6,7 will be up to par in the next 5 years.A La Carts: There were I think 6 or 7 different A la Carts which we wnt to 4 of them very good food.Day time food losts to pick from very good variety but not to spicy.It is a 24 hr. snacks and bar for those that like to party all night long. Entertainment everynight from 10-11pm something different everynight. Disco in the basement but not recommened.Casino on site but very small. Very big Lobby area's with Pool Tables, game boards, ect. They just open a second smaller pool at the begining of January form the main pool.Lots to door for kids rock climbing Trampalen, Trapez, kids new water place with slide etc.Beach is great love the sand can walk for miles.We did a Bavaro Runners trip it was really good do recommend. Did A Jarassic Booggie in Doom Buggies in the mud and water for half a day it was really good too. All the trips include horse back riding but you don't have to go on them. Did the Catalina Island trip very long day 14hrs go to Catalina Island by Catameran for about 2hrs come back did several stops and site seeing but not really worth the price about $90.00 a person.We loved the resort people were very nice would recommend.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	3	5	4	

<Author>calbear94
<Content>Definitely a 3* experience We stayed at BPC from Feb 10-Feb 17 in a premium club room. We were told before we arrived that we would be in a suite, but when we got there, we were in a standard, but renovated room in block 3 overlooking the main pool. We were OK with that because we heard that the suites weren't as nice as the renovated rooms. The renovations were definitely nice.Unfortunately, our air conditioning unit never actually threw out cold air, and despite numerous requests, they never fixed it...it must have been a problem for the people before us as well, since the maintenance people were installing a new thermostat when we walked in with our luggage...Maid service was terrible-- the maid would hang up clearly dirty towels again instead of leaving fresh ones and we were left without towels at all for two days--we made about 5 calls asking for towels the second day and finally got some an hour and a half later....There were also two days when the maid didn't bother to come to our room at all....Our fridge was always filled with drinks, so that was good.We ate at all 7 of the a la cartes for dinner, and they were all fine--service was great at the Tokio restaurant. We didn't care for the food at Mirador. I ordered a NY strip steak (for which they charge you an extra $10) and it was inedible...the steaks at the other restaurants (without the extra charge) were much better.The people in the premium club lounge were nice and were very helpful with dinner reservations, which allowed us to avoid the front desk....Both pools were nice, although the music at the main pool was a little irritating when you were trying to sleep in a bit-- it started at 9 am...THe alcoholic beverages were OK and we never had any problems with service--margaritas were generally excellent--but be prepared if you are a cosmopolitan fan--they don't have cranberry juice...the only concern is that they don't seem to wash the bar glasses very carefully---we watched them basically just rinse them off most of the time and then re-use them...We went to the new spa and my husband and I each had a massage, and we both agreed that the massages were the worst we ever had...My feet were actually aching after the foot massage part...The new theater was definitely nice, but I agree with other posters about amateur quality. Our second night there, they asked to come up on stage for what we thought would be a short game....the show was supposed to be Dance Around the World. It turns out that the entire show was us and 3 other couples taking turns dancing the waltz, swing, tango, lambada and merengue...we got a bottle of rum out of it, but I can't believe it was that much fun for the audience....the rest of the shows were mostly lipsyncs with pretty bad dancing--the lead male dancer was very good, though, and the gentleman that came in and did two songs as Michael Jackson was also good....Overall, I would not go back--the all inclusives we stayed at in Jamaica and Cancun were just better run and more fun, especially for an American couple in their mid 30s....  
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	1	1	1	

<Author>plas
<Content>A Relaxing Vacation We have just returned from 2 weeks at the Barcelo Punta Cana-Jan.31-Feb.14/08. They call it the Barcelo Punta Canada because of the fact that 80% of the guests are from Canada-Winnipeg, Calgary, Toronto, Montreal and Vancouver! People ranged in age from toddlers to seniors. I don't think it's the place to go if you're a single looking for lots of action. Also, it's pretty isolated from town, which is about a 45 minute ride.The hotel has been a Barcelo property for about 1 1/2 years, previously being a Breezes. Barcelo has been busy remodelling and upgrading the property ever since. There is constant fixing going on, but it doesn't really disturb anyone.All in all, it is a very good vacation. As with most all inclusives, there are some problems, but a word to the front desk and most issues are dealt with satisfactorily.There are 7 buildings in total all connected to eachother and with elevators. The only building in which the rooms have been renovated is building 3, so be sure to ask for that one. Originally we were given a room in building 1, which was awful-musty, old, bad bathroom and overlooking a garbage dump! After speaking to the front desk in strong terms we were given a great room which had been remodelled, overlooking the ocean, quiet pool, with marble floors, great bathroom, wall mounted plasma TV, new king size bed and not far from the elevator. There were some problems with the shower, which took about a week to fix properly, but eventually it worked to our satisfaction.The food is varied and pretty good. Besides the buffet, there are 6 speciality restaurants on site. You are guaranteed 4 reservations/week and can change them if you want. Make sure to go to the Japanese-Tokio it's a great show and the food is quite good. The Paris is also good, but the service is pretty slow. The buffet has many choices and you can always find something to eat. There are many bars on site which serve very good tropical as well as standard drinks.The ocean is great if you like boogie-boarding. It's really hard to swim here because of the waves. Get up early to reserve chairs and an umbrella if you want one right in front of the ocean. There are 2 large pools- one for quiet and one where all the activities happen, with a swim up bar. Both are great depending on what you want. For the kids there is a brand new water park, playground and many activities.Daytime activities are about the same as at most all inclusives. However, the evening shows are pretty bad. This is the one thing that needs a lot of improvement at this hotel. The shows are very repetitive and the quality is poor. There are too many of them with audience participation doing silly antics. The shows put on by the staff are very amateurish.For those who book via Air Transat don't believe what they write in their brocheure about additional inclusions. Check in/out took a long time and was not separate, there were no beach towels in the room, no welcome cocktail and no casino chip for $20. However, the reps on site were very good and helpful. Be sure to go to the briefing in which you'll find out some very important details about the location, excursions, what to avoid, phone calls, etc,...We did not go to the casino after having read horror stories from others on this site. We also did not go on any excursions because we've been to Punta Cana before and did them then. If you walk about 45 minutes down the beach from the hotel there is a flea market where you can buy any souvenirs you want. There is a disco on site which opened at 11:30 p.m. after the evening show. By that time we were too sleepy and just wanted to go to bed.Overall, I give this hotel a thumbs up with good value for the money. Staff is very friendly, the place is kept clean by an army of workers and we didn't get sick at all. I think that after they complete all renovations it will probably cost a lot more to go there. Remember it's a 4* location, so don't expect 5+* ammenities.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	3	3	3	

<Author>gbncv
<Content>great time we just came back and I would like to say, that after reading a lot of poor reviews I was getting really worried aout the complex. I am familiar with Dominican and know what to expect.i will start by saying that we had a large group and all the first timers raved and had absolutely no complaints. I feel we definately got our moneys worth and this resort has lots to offer for everyone.Keep in mind it is the dominican and it isnot rated 5 star.what impressed me was that our large group never had problems finding chairs at any of the pools or at the beach, this as a treat since most resorts have this problem.we had an upgraded room and it was worth it,the others had older rooms but they had great views and they were clean.The breafast buffet was very good but the dinner buffet lacked variety so it is good that they have the a'la cartes.the new mirador and tokio are the best,with the italian and dominican being the worst .The complex is very well laid out and dont be discouraged when you get there and your room seems far away, all rooms are faster to get to from outside entrances.overall the resort is a great deal and is doing improvements as we speak,they just opened up an amazing kids pool and have geat kids programs.Also any room problems we did have due to the age of the building werefixed right away or they changed your room.Relax and have patience since what a lot of people call poor service is really just language barriors which we find common in dominican. .  
<Date>Feb 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	-1	

<Author>jennifer17
<Content>Absolutley fantastic!!! Stop moaning What a fantastic Holiday and hotel!!!, i went on the 26 jan 08 and stayed for 1 week with my friend we are both mid twenties. our room was clean and spacious, the maid service was excellent and the bathroom was fine too. the food was delicious and it was more than you would expect to get from a 4 star hotel, it is a very reasonably priced hotel.The staff were lovely and i must admit i was a little worried when i read some of the reviews but i guess theres no pleasing some people!!! you get what you pay for, and this hotel is absolutley fantastic value for money, the grounds are lovely, there is 24 hour food and booze ..(lets cut straight to the point!!) and the beach is to die for!! which is a stone throw from your room.. the hotel is huge and its very well looked after, i will definatley be going back.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>vandeni
<Content>More than we expected! Where to start? Our group of 16 had an awesome time at this resort, and found little to complain about. I would like to say we were getting worried after reading all the bad reviews, but feel we got more than we expected. This was our cheapest trip yet, at $1180 per person Canadian. We were more than pleased for the money. We have stayed in Punta Cana four previous times, and as a group travelled to Mexico, Puerta Plata, Bahamas, etc. The resort has recently completed the new pool (just beautiful), new theatre, 200+ rooms, a new childrens pool (if you have kids they will love it!), new beach/bar restaurant (The Mirador, very good), and new spa. The sports bar was still to be completed, and a few minor details. They are continually improving this resort to bring it to the Premium level. We booked an Air Transat package, Prestige Class, we received seperate check (much easier, and fewer people), beach towels in room upon arrival, welcome drink and letter, $20 for MATCHPLAY AT THE CASINO (spend $20, get $20), and concierge service. We did not pay more for this package, so nothing to complain about as we did receive a few more inclusions. Now about the new rooms... we did not get the new rooms upon arrival, they are booked based on availability and not included in prestige class, as many have been inquiring. It is a first come, first serve basis, my parents switched rooms and received a new room after the second day. Out of the 8 rooms, my parents were the only ones with a problem, as they had a leak in the bathroom ceiling. We had great shower pressure on the third floor, but one couple stayed on the second and said it was very poor. This being the only real complaints of the resort, we found we got more than we paid for. It is a great four star property for the Dominican, and we were more than pleased. We loved the beach here as it had a bit more waves, great for boggie boarding (they are available for use at the beach hut), we had a blast riding the waves! We tried the horseback riding on the beach, had an amazing time, the ranch is located a 2 min drive at the back gates of the resort, and they take you for a ride down the beach. Loved that there were lots of chairs, boggie boards, International drinks (Loved the Bailey's), BINGO, party at the beach, and much much more. We had a great time, and unless you don't like warm weather, fun, white sand, beautiful beach, lots of food/drinks, then you should too!  
<Date>Feb 14, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	4	5	

<Author>Nurse51brigg
<Content>New Resturaunt Great       Marlin Rest Beach bar and 24 hr snack bar  
<Date>Feb 12, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>beatroot
<Content>2nd time there, great vacation       can't get any better than this  
<Date>Feb 12, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>simplykristi
<Content>Loved it! Would go back over and over again!       Shower in our room  
<Date>Feb 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Destiny320
<Content>It was a GREAT Vacation! My husband and I stayed here from January 29 to February 5th 2008. We were not sure what to expect since all the negative feedback. Arrive later on night we had a separete checkin which went really quickly. The grounds of the resort itself were amazing. Beautifully groomed, constantly being worked on by the staff. We took a lot of walks around the resort, and there was lots to see, and lots of paths to go on.The desserts in the buffet were very extravagant with lots of variety.The Buffets we both already found plenty of food we liked. We had reservations for the dominican restaurant service was Great and Food  also the Paris La A Carte.Our Room was cleaned daily and always enough towels and most days she left flowers on the bed and bathroom.Drinks at each bar were mixed differnent but always tried to service everyone quickly. Overall, we had an amazing vacation, and came home with many Great memories! When the week was over, we wished we could stay another. We went for a relaxing week and we certainly had that.  
<Date>Feb 11, 2008
<Rating>3	4	2	5	3	4	3	3	

<Author>LittleMissSunshine1
<Content>Great Location!!! Myself and my parter (both mid twentys) stayed at this hotel for one week from 31 Jan, we got a nice ocean view room which we were happy with mostly - only thing I will say is that the bathroom wasnt very pleasant at all, we were in building 7 non rennovated and the bathroom was yellow and quite old and I didnt like showering in it! but hey the view was amazing and the room was nice with a big TV which we used more than we thought due to several rain showers (these dont last long though, it was mainly beutiful and hot and I got a great tan in 7 days!) - On the last night I paid for us to have a rennovated room for the night (about 30) and they were very nice indeed! Lovely king size bed/ fan/plasma TV and walk in spa shower- the difference between the 2 buildings is huuuuuge! The beach was so beautiful, white sand and crystal clear waters, I wasnt expecting such a huge surf but we went body boarding quite a few times which was a laugh- I was impressed by the free all inclusive watersport things offered (kayaking sailing. body boarding, snorkles) we went on the snorkling excursion which was fun, Its so shallow that you are actually swimming with the fishes ! Panicked a bit when we heard there were sharks not far away though and sting rays! Arggh! We also went Paragliding which was great and they take piccys if you like too! The sea was as warm as bath water so even I stayed in for an hour at a time! We went for long stolls along the beach, it looks deserted to the left of the resort and was lovely to be able to stroll away from the crowds on the beach, there was never a problem getting sunbeds though! We loved sitting in the jacuzzi on the beach and relaxing! The food was nice, I had an upset tumy a few of the days but am quite sensitive to food, my boyfriend was fine! Its gets a bit repetative though so we used all 3 of our al la carte allocations, the Tokio restaurant was nice, Italian was also nice and Mexican too! We went into the Dominican al la carte restaurant but didnt stay because we didnt like the Menu, lots of fried bannanas!! Internet cafe was good- very fast connection! There is a photo shop on the premises and photographers on the beach- we grabbed one and got some professional piccys done together they were really nice and defo worth it! One thing I did find with this resort is that it is VERY tip orientated - we are not stingy in the slightest and always tipped the maid and also the fridge stocker who always gave us a few extra drinks - we also tipped 2 of the bar men quite generously on our first 2 days hoping they would look after us for rest of week but when we went back to the bar we were ignored! Actually literally ignored and he was also ignoring the person next to us, he kept saying your drink is coming, and then serving everyone else, we got angry at this as it makes you feel like you only get service if you tip and it should be by choice and because you want to not because you HAVE to in order to get a drink! So that ruined one of our nights a little because my boyfriend took 1 hr to get a drink and I was bk in the room panicking about where he had disappeared too! Also the night time entertainment is not really too great- not for English speaking young couple- Its wasnt really our thing to get up on stage and do silly dances lol! Wasnt really that entertaining or funny to watch either but thats just our opinion, so we were pretty lost for things to do in the evenings, we lived for the days and the sunshine! The people at the hotel were very friendly- lots of Americans and Canadians who were always a laugh!Any ways I would not recommend this hotel to couples but if you go in a large group/ family you will enjoy it im sure! Hope this review was helpful will put up some photos soon!  
<Date>Feb 11, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RumLoverWinnipeg
<Content>stop complaining ans start enjoying We spent the last 2 weeks of January at the Barcelo Punta Cana and thoroughly enjoyed our holiday. We were concerned after reading the mixed reviews on the hotel, but figured how bad could it be; we're in the Carribean. We flew Air Transat, a 5 hour flight from Winnipeg. The flight was ok, food was not great and the seating is extremely tight. But it's only the journey, not the destination.Getting through the airport and the transportation to the hotel went very smoothly. We had a separate check-in at the hotel and were at our rooms within 20 minutes of arrival. Our friends room was not ready, but his was rectified by the time we finished our second round of drinks.We were very happy and pleasantly surprised with our room. We were in Building 2, which has recently been renovated. We had a beautiful king size bed, a balcony overlooking the garden and a large bathroom. The rooms were cleaned daily, although there was no predictability as to what time of day the maid would be there. We had to ask for fresh towels only once and they were quickly provided. The maids were very friendly and tried to communicate with us, even though their English was limited.We were very impressed with the overall cleanliness of the hotel. The public washrooms were always clean and well stocked. There was always a staff person cleaning in the lobby , pool and bar areas. We enjoyed the food at the hotel. We ate at all the a la cartes (except Paris); some a couple of times. The Marlin and La Roma were our favourites. The buffet was good and always had a great variety of choices. The breads and the desserts were always great.The bars were fun; getting a drink was never a big problem, although sometimes you had to wait a minute or two. The staff did their best to serve peolple in turn. Problems arose when guests were rude or impatient and didn't acknowledge someone who was ahead of them. This only happened a couple of times and I would fault the guest, not the staff.We spent most of our days on the beach. It was beautiful; white, powderey sand and loads of beach chairs. Our only complaint would be the wind and high waves, which sometimes made the water a challenge.The Transat office was near our room, so we would watch the line ups for a good time to talk to the staff. The girls there were great. Very knowledgeable and friendly; which is amazing considering the hours they spend listening to guest problems day after day. A special hi and thanks to Adrienna for her assistance during our stay. It would be great if either more staff or a booking system could be implemented so people didn't have to spend such a long time waiting at the Transat office.In general, all the staff at the hotel were friendly and helpful. It is important to be patient and calm when speaking with the staff - there is a language barrier that becomes bigger if someone is angry and rude. The bartenders were super and really worked hard to keep the guests supplied with the beverages of choice. We spent lots of time at the Sports Bar as it was near our room and we liked the staff. Another special hi to Leonardo. A superb bartender and one of he most personable guys you'll meet down there.The hotel atmosphere was surprisingly friendly considering the size of the place. We met people from all over the world and enjoyed the comaraderie immensely.Was everything perfect? Of course not, but a holiday is what you want to make of it. We chose to have a fabulous time and did just that. If you want a clean hotel, a beautiful beach, nice pools and friendly staff, I would recommend this hotel. It's not a 5 star, but you're not paying a 5 star rate either.'  
<Date>Feb 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>SunshineCoaster
<Content>Just got back       View from room  
<Date>Feb 9, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	5	4	5	3	4	

<Author>islandl0ver
<Content>Fantastic!!       shots with all the bartenders  
<Date>Feb 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	2	5	3	

<Author>Valarina999
<Content>Cerveza!!!       Barcelo  
<Date>Feb 6, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	3	3	4	

<Author>arthur79
<Content>mixed feelings My husband and I stayed here from January 26 to February 2 2008. We were not sure what to expect since we usually book 5 star hotels. We have holidayed in Punta Cana 6 times and we absolutly love the island. I will break it down for you how I rated this hotel.ROOMS: The room that we had were standard 2 double beds a dresser and a full bathroom. The room was very clean but did have a musty smell to it. They are renovating the hotel and we stayed in the older block which is the 500s. We tipped the maids quite well but only on the last day we were there she made one small towel animal on the bathroom tap and left a small glass of flowers in the bathroom otherwise she did her job and cleaned.BEACH: The beach was fantastic as always and the sand was soft and white. There was no problem getting lounge chairs as there was plenty of them.The week we were there it was quite windy and the ocean was really rough with very high waves but who cares your in the carribean.FOOD: The food was pretty standard but not bad. The one problem we encountered was in the buffet there is not enough staff. The tables were not cleaned very often and trying to find someone to get you coffee at breakfast or wine with dinner was almost impossible unless you got there right when it opened. The grill at the pool is pretty good so we usually ate there. There is 4 specialty restaurants but we only went to one which was the Japanese and the food there was great but again the service of the waitress was not. But if your hungry there is always something you can eat.BARS: There is seven bars in total and we had no problem getting a drink. Just make sure if you want alcohol you ask them or they do not put it in. We tipped the bartenders quite well and they sure appreciate it. All in all we went for a relaxing week and we certainly had that. We will be going back to Punta Cana in June but we would not stay at this hotel again. If you do stay here you will have a good time just have some patience.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	3	4	4	2	3	

<Author>cheeko11
<Content>Great Week, Great Resort, Great Weather... what more do you need???       Chef at Tepanyaki Restaurant  
<Date>Feb 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>t19p5
<Content>You get better service at Motel 8 than Barcelo Barcelo caters mostly to Europeans and Canadians. The previous reviews I've read here seem to be quite positive because they're not written by Americans. Americans tend to have different standards when it comes to hotels because we're used to better treatment. Service is pretty much the essense of an all-inclusive resort and it is severely lacking at Barcelo Punta Cana. Majority of the staff at the hotel acted as they were doing the guests a favor and tried their best to avoid work. I've never been to a resort where the employees worked really hard at not working. I believe this attitude comes from the management at Barcelo, which does not care about their customers. We wanted to speak to a manager at one point and were told to make an appointment and maybe the manager will see us in the next few days.I tend to overlook a lot of shortcomings if the employees try hard to please the guests but, at Barcelo, the staff simply does not care.RoomWe stayed at building 2, which had the renovated rooms. The beds were comfortable, the room had a flat-screen tv, fridge, safe and a balcony. The bathroom was nice except for the leaking ceiling. Every time someone took a shower upstairs, water would pour through ceiling panels and recessed light fixtures. Talk about unsafe conditions - the floor and sink area were constatly wet and slippery plus the danger of electrocution.No alarm or any clock in the room, so I set the alarm on my phone.HousekeepingOur side of the builing was not cleaned until 5:30pm, just as the sun was setting and we came back from the beach to clean up. We asked for extra towels and put 'do not disturb' sign on our door so that we would not have to deal with the cleaning lady while changing for the evening. Beach  poolVery nice beach with plenty of chairs. All the huts were taken by 8am, so you have to get up early if you like shade but never any shortage of chairs in the sun. Both pools were great.Food  drinkI like simple and fresh food. The food at the hotel was cooked to death and bland - mushy vegetables and pasta, tough meat. The fresh options consisted of iceberg lettuce, green tomatoes, red onions and red cabbage. My opinion on food is probably in minority because everyone else seemed to pile their plates pretty high. The waiters were hard to find and getting a glass of wine or cup of coffee was a major production. 90% of the dining room staff acted as if they were on vacation and could not be bothered to set up tables or refill glasses.The bartenders were great and not cheap with the liquor. They worked really hard as the lines at the bars were long and never-ending.EntertainmentThe crew worked hard to keep the atmosphere fun. There was always something to do if you wanted to participate.OtherThere was a lot of construction at the hotel as the rooms were renovated and pool slides built, so expect lots of banging and general construction noise.The employees who speak English are far and few between. Buy a Spanish phrase book and study it because you will be very frustrated by not being able to communicate.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	4	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>Kimberly000
<Content>Still undergoing renovations/upgrades My boyfriend and I are from the states, in our 40's. We have no children and enjoy pool/beach time as well as cocktailing and beach walking.We have mixed reviews. The first thing to know is that there was a lot of renovation work going on. Barcelo bought the hotel from Breezes and the company seems to be working hard to upgrade everything. Unfortunately, it made for an unpleasant stay at times for us. My boyfriend and I went for a week. We paid for a sea view room. When we got to our room it was recently renovated and very nice, clean, comfortable beds even a brand new coffee maker, mini-refrigerator etc. However, by that night we realized it would be hard to get rest. We were on the 2nd floor. The space/rooms below us were gutted and there were workers moving cement with wheelbarrows and pounding until 9 p.m. The next day we complained and tried to get another room. The problem was there were many people trying to move to different rooms. Our complaint of construction noise paled compared to what we heard from others. Some said their rooms (in a different side than ours and on low floors) smelled like mold or mildew. One woman said she was sleeping on 2 boxsprings instead of a matress and boxspring. Another couple had a leaky ceiling. Hot water was also a compliant some made. By the 2nd day we did get moved up 1 floor however we had to make due with 2 beds instead of 1 king. At least it got us up away from the construction noise more and the view of the ocean improved. The key to getting a room cahnge is persistance and either kindness or loudness. It depends on who you talk to. It also seems the premium ocean view rooms and suites up high on floor 5 or so are the best bet. The other disadvantage of you get a room near the casion the voices of people will wake you up in the wee hours as they leave the casino. Renovation work was also being done on the grounds near the rock climbing wall and it was closed the week we were there.  We found the front desk service SO SLOW and they are NOT VERY ATTENTIVE. It seems each week they play a game of moving people around to make as many people happy as possible.  We realize most people don't use a gym on this kind of vacation but we like to work out and the gym equipment is VERY OLD, RUSTY, BROKEN and hardly worth using. Only 4 cardio bikes and no treadmills. It was pretty pathetic! The postives-  The beaches were absolutely gorgeous as well as the very large pool. There was never a shortage of lounge chairs at the beach or the pool. There are also plenty of poolside activities like yoga/stretching, Spanish lessons, water aerobics, etc. We found a nice mix of  We enjoyed the large selection of food at the buffets and the service at the bars was always quick. We also really enjoyed some of the specialty restaruants like Paris-the French restaruant and the Japanese Restaurant. However, we went to Roma, the Italian restaurant and were seated 30 minuted after our reservation time and still sat another 20 minutes before we just walked out. Not sure if that was a fluke with something that night or not. We enjoyed a couple's massage with oils at the Spa. It was very nice bu the Spa is very small - it just takes up a coupld of normal size guest room spaces on the 1st floor. Nothing fancy. We booked a couple of excursions on site through our Worry Free Vacation representative names Mr. Anderson. He was awesome! He was expecially helpful in tracking down our luggage (we had a tight connection and our 1st flight was late - we made it on board but our luggage didn't). We got it 2 days later thanks to Mr. Anderson! We enjoyed the 2 boat excursions, one was a half day on the Ron Tiki - very fun, snorkeling, etc. The other was a ful day (2.5 hours drive time each way). They take you out to an island on a catamaran and bring you back on motor boat. Be sure to take toilet paper! If they stop at a community bathroom for you to use there is no toilet paper to anywhere! This resort is also down on one end from the main strip and the other resorts. This can be a pro or con depending on what you are looking to do. We did not do any of the shows so I cannot comment on those.  My final comments are that front desk service leaves a lot to be desired. But the bartenders are great and usually fast. I believe this will be a beautiful place when it is completely renovated but in the meantime it is hard to endure some of the construction noise, etc. Right now, you truly get what you pay for when it comes to rooms. There is quite a difference in quality depending on if the room has been renovated yet, etc.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2008
<Rating>3	2	5	4	5	2	3	-1	

<Author>Cathie1771
<Content>Great Vacation - Don't believe negative reviews Wonderful vacation - I was worried about our trip after reading reviews but went with an open mind and having been to Punta Cana before understanding the country and climate I was going to.1st - yes the rooms smell a little musty - you are in a tropical climate, take some air freshener and suck it up it's not that bad.2nd - the people are wonderful, remember they don't speak english, some can understand and even speak a little, be patient and polite they will eventually understand what you want.3rd - the food is pretty good, I've had worse. The a la carte's are better than the buffet but all around the food was tolerable. A must is the chicken in the 11pm-5am snack bar by the pool we ate there every night on our way to the room.4th - we had a room in building 7 (older room - great shape) beds were comfortable not hard as a rock, shower had pressure and we never ran out of hot water. Room was spotless never saw a bug, sometimes they ran out of towels but always brought more at night. Tip the maids they are honest and hardworking.5th - talk about honesty at the resort - the day of check out (we didn't leave until 7 pm so people left their rooms at noon and checked baggage) the manager came aboard our bus looking for the occupant of a certain room, apparently they had left almost $200.00 US dollars in the safe and they were looking for the person to return it to them.Can't say a bad thing about the resort, the people or the service, the renovations and new pool are gorgeous, the beach is huge, clean and they have lots of activities to keep you busy.The evening entertainment was not great but new theatre is amazing, perhaps they will improve on the evening entertainment in time.Definately would stay at the Barcelo Punta Cana again and thanks for a great vacation. HolaPS My family did the Bavaro Runners tour, it was great. Amos (guide) and Cesar (driver) were the best.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SAMWPG
<Content>Great Holiday How can you not be happy with a beautiful ocean breeze and white sand on your doorstep? I must admit that we were a little nervous after reading some of the reviews, but our experience at the Barcelo Punta Cana was excellent. Of course, there were a few minor glitches, but you can find that anywhere.We flew with Air Transat and as stated we had a seperate check in - well organized and were checked in within a few minutes. We had to wait approximately 15 minutes for our room to be finished, but our friends got theirs right away.We were in Building 2 - the rooms were just redone and were VERY nice. We had HOT water, lots of pressure and toilets flushed EVERY TIME! (Something we didn't have last year at another resort that was a 4 1/2 *).We did have a bad odour one day but when we saw our Air Transat rep (Adrianna - who was GREAT), we were moved just across the hall within an hour. We then had a king size bed and an ocean/pool view.We were very happy with the food. The buffet always had a good selection - the pasta bar and omelette bar were good and safe if you were nervous about your stomach. We ate at the Marlin (our friends said the steak was excellent). We had seafood (lobster and white fish) and it was good. Our waiter asked if we liked lobster and brought us 2 extra whole lobsters. We enjoyed Tokio, but they seemed to use alot of salt! Very tasty though and our cook was alot of fun. The sushi appetizer was good as was the soup. Roma (Italian) was also good - try the eggplant appetizer and the fagioli soup - both good. We also went to the Dominican restaurant. This was our least favourite - but the traditional soup was a hit - better than the Oxtail. All in all - none of us had any stomach issues (and I am suseptible as I have Chrohn's Disease).We thought that the service was very good. Everyone was very friendly and tried their best to communicate. We sometimes didn't get rum in our drinks if a waitress brought them, but when you went to the bar, they'd top them up with lots! We spent most happy hours and nightcaps at the bar in the games area. Leonardo was our VERY FAVOURITE bar tender. What a smile! When we left we got huge hugs!The grounds were very nice and well kept. There was some construction going on, but the workers were couteous and friendly. The new pool area is lovely and a nice spot to wind down. The other pool had lots of action, music, games etc. Depends on your mood which one you prefer.The beach is extraordinary! The only problem was with guests who seemed to think it was OK to leave their garbage on the ground. Otherwise, it could not have been better! Great waves if you like to play in the water and loads of loungers if you prefer to sit and bake! Also great for walking.Our only disappointment was in the evening entertainment. Last year our hotel had great entertainers - this one not so much! The theatre is beautiful with table and chairs which is really nice. A huge bar and the atmosphere could be great if only better entertainers. The host was not great.We did not go on any tours, but did golf at the Nick Price course just down the road. The course was good, but we found the staff to be less than friendly. Lunch and transportation was included and once again our Air Transat rep helped with the arrangements. (Adrianna)All in all, we had a great holiday and would go back in a heartbeat!  
<Date>Jan 27, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>curiousJill
<Content>Beautiful Resort, Awesome Beach, but a Work in Progress       view from our room 5307  
<Date>Jan 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	2	5	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>ManitobaBear123
<Content>A Week Of Paradise       Footprint In Beautiful Sand  
<Date>Jan 27, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	5	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>torn88
<Content>Amazing vacation, truly beautiful       Hotel at night after we arrive  
<Date>Jan 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>ValleyCouple
<Content>Great beach, weather, food !       looking up at Bldg #5  
<Date>Jan 25, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Sage_713
<Content>Paradise with a few difficulties       The beach  
<Date>Jan 24, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	2	3	3	

<Author>keepasenseofhumor
<Content>what a dissapointment Well lets start with the positive,the beach and carribean breezes were amazing,the grounds were kept up beautifully!weather for the most part was fab.Well thats it for the good.The food was terrible,both my hubby and I were sick 3 out of our 7 day stay.The beer is swill,my husband loves his beer and was gagging trying to get 1 down.They did not lose any money on our alcohol or food consumption.Our room left a lot to be desired,I barely slept as I was chewed apart by little red ant like bugs,complaining to Air Transat staff did you no good, a shrug of the shoulders and the general comment was I have been here 3 yrs and I have no problems,wow what customer service.I explained to them that while trying to get some edible food at the buffet i felt water splashing on me,when I looked up the ceiling was leaking and the water was splashing onto my plate,this she wrote down,its no wonder we were so sick!2 out 3 of the elevators on the 4th floor were out of service,bad enough for me with arthritic knees but there were alot of others in worse shape I felt so bad for them,I knew complaining would do them no good.I could go on forever with horror stories but the last morning we were walking on the beach before 7am,my hubby found a purse with a wad of cash and hotel card in it,we were proceeding to take it to the front desk to have the staff locate its owner when 1 of the beach cleaners approached us to take it,my hubby said he would take it to desk,the young man was quite adament that he would return it,reluctlantly my husband gave it to him and firmly told him to take it to desk which he said he would,we went to the desk on 2 seperate occasions to see if he turned it in,the staff were on radios trying to locate the beach attendant,finally the comment from the desk staff was OH WELL IT WAS NOT YOURS  
<Date>Jan 24, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>plam_trees
<Content>Amazing beach My boyfriend and I are in our 20's and overall we had a good trip.A few problems here and there but nothing extreme. To start If you see that you are booking your trip with the prestige class this means abosolutly nothing. It stated that with this prestige class we would get a separate check in .....never got it....$20.00 to the casino which we did however they don't tell you, you have to spend $20 to get the $20 free, and separate swimming area which we never saw either.Rooms- After reading these bad reviews about the rooms and having heard many complaints well at the resort my boyfriend an I were very shocked.We stayed in building 7 on the top floor and it was great. Very clean, the tall ceilings,and the maids did a great job everyday. Only downfall was the first couple of days we had trouble getting hot water and at one point we had to wait about 10 minutes for any water at all! Food- We had a lot of trouble with the food. It could of just been our stomach's but we talked to many others on the resort and they had the same bad feelings towards it. There is lots of variety.....just not what we are used to. I would advise all to say away from the Marlin Steak and Seafood A la carte. It was horrible. We enjoyed the Mexican as well as the Italian. Also we could only get reservations for 9:30 pm which is much to late for dinner so we went at 7 every time and they let us in early with no problems.Beach/Pool- There is nothing bad to say about it! Any disappointments we had with the hotel were forgotten about because of the awesome beach. We spent everyday by the ocean used the pool once or twice. The pools are very clean.....we used the newly opened pool as it seemed to be less busy.We soon realized if you want a hut on the beach for shade they were always taken by 8:30. But there was more then enough lounge chairs.Service- The service was pretty bad. However this could have been because we choose to go the busiest time of year DEC 30-jan 6. Staff would come around at meal time and ask what you would like to drink. Half the time i wouldn't know if she even understood me because we would never get it or we would just get them ourselves as we couldn't wait any longer. We went to the buffet one night and there wasn't a clean table in sight. We had to sit at a used table that had no cutlery/glasses until we got them ourselves. We had a problem with the towel hut as there were none cleaned and this was at 9:00 am! After going back about 45 min later we received them and just kept those towel for the rest of the week and dried it on our balcony. I found the language barrier was so frustrating at reception.I would have thought that at least one of the workers could of spoke English a little but no this was definitely not the case. Excursions- We did the reef explorer and it was the highlight of our trip! You take a boat ride out to a floating dock and get the chance to snorkel,swim with the sting rays and nurse sharks! We got to hold the sting rays however it is very difficult.As well they provide you with sandwiches,smoothies, veggies,and cookies. We got massages at no extra cost and there was also kayaks and lots of lounge chairs if you chose to relax. This is well worth the $83.00/per personWe would not go back to this resort just because there are too many others to seek out.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2008
<Rating>3	2	4	5	4	3	1	4	

<Author>Leggyreeny
<Content>Barcelo Premium- Wonderful time!       Beautiful Scenery!  
<Date>Jan 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	3	3	3	5	5	

<Author>Take_me_away2010
<Content>Best Beach We will never complain about time in the tropics during winter. I agree that something terrible has to happen to destroy a vacation and these accommodations are far from inadequate but we may have difficulty comparing it to 4 star accommodations we have stayed at. Befor I get into the resort, we would like to tell Transat to get some more room in their planes and if they never serve another sandwich wrap I would bet passengers would be very happy.Check in was a nightmare to a traveller getting in at 8:30pm. We were not checked until 9:30. Not enough committment by the staff to help the travellersThe rooms were spacious enough to be comfortable but to be billed a 4 star we should expect a bigger space. However the price was the driver for this booking and for a 3 star price we had good accommodations. The rooms are not very sound proof.The rooms were clean and the cleaning staff were attentative although inconsistent as to the number of towels and little extras such as flowers that other rooms seemed to get. (our tips seemed to be equivalent)The food was plentiful and very good variety. The buffet always featured something that satisfied the appetite. The Al a carte restaurants had very good entrees to some not so adequate meals. We recommend the Mexican and the Italian as our favorites. The Japanese is worth the booking but the chefs are not as consistent as one we had was too salty compared to the second time we booked. The Dominican seems to get a bad rap but we had favorite entrees from this menu as well. overall the food was first rate.The grounds were very well kept. It is annoying when the tourists cannot put their garbage in the cans though.and butting cigaretes in the sand is so unnecessary as well. The service throughout the complex is very good as well. There may not be as many fluently English speaking personnell to get the message across always but this was not to the extent that it was real annoyance. This is the second trip for us to the Dominican and we have always found the locals to be very accommodating to Canadians in general. There was some inconsistency in bartending between bars however. The best one was Nelson at the swim up. Drinks were plentiful as is the usual at all inclusives and always appreciated under the Carribean heat.Get used to Dominican minutes and time if you have never been there. Activities are not always available at the scheduled time if they run them at all and in some respects this is lacking overall at this resort.This is titled Best Beach for a reason. We met others who were walking the beach commenting on ours. It is a big beautiful bay that has powder white sand that is never hot to the feet and the staff was very good at cleaning the sea weed on the windy days. It simply inspired you to walk it frequently.Evening entertainment left a lot to be desired. To the extent we left it out of our daily schedule several nights as we walked out on it (along with most of the other guests) the nights we did go.I wll also comment on the Golf, I got in two games while we were there. The Caribe is a newer course that was a good starter for someone who hadn't golfed in a few months. Features an Island green. Just good to be out. Then I got to play the Nick Price designed Punta Blanca it was worth the price difference and a good experience. Overall I would say the Golf choices suit everyone and booking from the resort includes transportation so I would recommend it. Just a note about the Fire Ants and the mosquitoes at night worth taking bug spray for.Overall what is not to like about the Caribean during the Manitoba winters. I had mentioned that we got a good deal through Transat to pick this resort and the price motivated our choice, but we have normally stayed at Iberostar Resorts in our travels and we have never had any complaint on any level with them.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	1	4	4	

<Author>billyray13
<Content>Potential for Greatness but Falls Well Short!       View from the activities deck  
<Date>Jan 19, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	2	1	2	2	1	

<Author>mamadukes2
<Content>Some good things...some bad things. Beware...this is quite long.I vacationed at the Barcelo Punta Cana from Thursday Jan 3rd until Sunday the 13th with my 2 daughters, my friend, and her 2 daughters. We flew with Air Transat, out of Toronto, and had a 10 hour flight delay, of which we didn't find out about until we had arrived at the airport. I was told that my carry-on bag was too large to take on the plane, and was charged $110, because it put me 11 kgs over the weight restriction. Oddly enough, I saw bags being carried on that were of equal size or larger. When I left the Dominican airport, they allowed me to take it on the plane no problem, and it fit with ease in the overhead compartment. We didn't end up arriving to the hotel until the 4th of Jan at 8am. I had requested to be in a particular block, with ocean view, neither request was filled. I also requested that my friend and I be beside each other, and that was fine. When we arrived to our rooms, my friends room was still dirty from the previous people, and her safe wasn't working. My room needed repairs to the toilet and both rooms were in need of remodelling. We were in Block 5. While speaking with other guests, anyone in Block 1-3 appeared to be happy, these rooms have all been redone. Block 7 is the newest block, and people appeared happy there as well. Some people were thrilled with their maid, unfortunately, we didn't have the same experience. On several occassions, we had to go looking for clean towels and toilet paper. The bathroom floor wasn't swept once in the 10 days that we were there. It took 4 days, and several requests to have the safe fixed in my friends room. Food...is so so. You can pretty much guarantee on everthing being pretty much the same in the buffets, day after day. We did 4 restaurants, Tokyo, which was good going down, but a couple of us were ill that evening and the following couple of days. Paris was okay, Roma was good, and the Marlin was a disappointment. Service...was inconsistent. Some days while in the dining room, or at the beachside restaurant, sometimes you would be offered drinks, and sometimes you wouldn't. I found it frustrating to go for breakfast, and there was always something you were waiting for. Most days if you used the pool-side washrooms, there was no toilet paper.The grounds...are beautiful. The pool is amazing, and the beach is beautiful. The things we liked about this resort, we really liked. Unfortunately, the things we didn't like, would probably prevent us from going back. I never felt that cleanliness was of big importance at this resort, and it left me feeling a little uneasy about things. I went to the Riu Bachata last year in Peurto Plata, and felt that they put more emphasis on things being sanitary. When you were about to enter the dining room, or left a washroom, there was always someone standing there with hand sanitizer...something small, but something that impressed me. Nightly shows...were not that great. They did bring in Michael Jackson one night, and that was amazing! A couple of other nights weren't so bad, but on the whole, not that entertaining. The staff...some were great...Simon, from the animation team, we all loved you!! Samuel at the front desk, also very helpful, but unfortunately, we didn't meet him until our last day.Juan Carlos at the front desk, is also pretty good. Our Air Transat rep (Adrianna), at our request, was able to help us get a complimentary room for our late check-out...we weren't leaving the hotel until 6:40 pm. We were very happy to be able to keep our things locked up, and to be able to shower and change before leaving. The room we were given was very large, but not clean at all. It left me wanting to get out of there fairly quickly.The weather when we arrived was terrible, but beyond that first day, it was perfect.All in all, in spite of the things that we were not happy with, we all had a good vacation, with lots of rest and relaxation.If you do visit this hotel, you need to be firm at the front desk...if you have any problems.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	1	2	2	3	

<Author>can't_wait06
<Content>Great Value - Fell in love with the beach! I travelled with my boyfriend to the Barcelo last April '07. The ride from the airport didn't take too long, and we were welcomed with cocktails upon arrival at the resort. Check-in was quick and easy, had our bags brought up. The room was adequate, 2 dbl beds balcony facing one of the pools. There was one problem though - the toilet was leaking! We called down to the front desk and they sent someone up within 10 mins. It was fixed quickly and we didn't have any other problems with it for the rest of the trip. The resort is really big and the first few times leaving the room had some trouble finding our way back!Service was pretty good at all of the restaurants. I did get sick one night - think it was from the lobster at the beach restaurant at dinner. The next day I was fine but my boyfriend complains that his stomach has never been the same. Food was often repetitive, and we usually stuck to the french fries and pizza at the 24hr snack bar, which on occasion was NOT 24hrs. But I can't complain, I didn't go hungry. We also spent a lot of time at the sports bar, basketball playoffs and all.The best part was the beach! Soft white sand and clear blue/turquoise water. There were some great waves, but never strong enough to keep us out. The water was warm and you could see some schools of fishes swimming pretty close to the shore. At this time, to the left of the resort it was still empty (I was told a new resort was being built) so you could walk all the way down to the end and it was just the surf and sand. We didn't go on any excursions, the farthest we made it was to the market around the corner from the resort. Just remember to haggle for a bargain, everyone is selling the same thing.I didn' t participate in many activities but my boyfriend did. If you like sports they have a lot. They have an outdoor skating rink (It's really small though) basketball courts and if there are enough people you can actually play a game, they also play soccer, volleyball. Lots to keep you busy. I have no real complaints about our stay there. There were things that could have been improved, the quality of the food, the rooms, but hey you're on vacation! The beach alone makes it completely worth it. I would definitely go back another time.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	3	3	4	4	4	

<Author>faykira
<Content>Brilliant Honeymoon       the view from our balcony  
<Date>Jan 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>NorfolkBanana
<Content>best holiday ever!!!!!!!!!!!! Can i just start by saying all negative comments about this hotel should be ignored. When i read all the reviews i was dreading my holiday but can happilly say had a fab time would definately go back not only to the dominican but to barcelo premium. We flew out on the 27th december for our 2 week stay the flight is long and boring so if you are impatient probably not the best idea.The hotel is huge but always clean all staff extremely friendly one of the bar men got to know our faces and sneaked us a free bottle of champagne on new years eve great!!!!. There are 6 speciality resturaunts that are virtually all nice our favourites were the roma itallian and the marlin seafood and steaks resturaunts the rest were good but not as good,you get to eat at the all of the resturaunts at least once but can go to reception and book on the day so if your not fond of the buffet you can eat at one of the others which is good. Food in buffet is average alot to choose from just after 2 weeks got boring but still nice.beach is stunning and a massive stretch just for this hotel the pool was big and clean very cold though so is best to just jump straight in really cools you down and you need it as it was between 28 and 31 degrees the whole 2 weeks. While we were there they opened up a new pool which we prefered was closer to the beach and was bigger and better. They are at the moment building a better childrens pool that is the only thing i will say they are doing alot of work to update the hotel but none of this affected us in any way.There are alot of daytime activities if you want to join in but if you are there to relax you are not bothered its there if you want it though.Evening entertainment pretty good they do a few games with audience then there is usually a show or the house band.We were a bit dissapointed with the disco it absolutely stank and not really sure what of it is mainly spanish music played but is a laugh if you have had one too many cocktails.overall this holiday and hotel were one of the best we have had so annoyed to be home in the rain and cold dark nights cant wait to go again.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>margaretToronto
<Content>Loved the beach scene My girlfriend and I brought our 2 daughters and their friend ages 18.They had a fabulous time. We were worried there would not be enough young people there but that was not the case .It is a great spot for teenagers. The disco is quite nice but for some reason it was pretty empty with the exception of New Years Eve. I don't know what people are complaining about with the food. If you've ever been to cuba this would be a 6 star for food. The chicken was amazing everywhere, the steaks were great and so were the full size lobsters provided at the buffet. For a 4 star this was way more than we expected. I usually travel to 5 star hotels but since the girls were paying for their own trip we had to keep the costs down. The staff was great and I appreciated that they were constantly cleaning the grounds and the hallways. The beach was truly amazing and since there was no resort to the left of the hotel you could walk for miles and be pretty much alone. Very romantic as we noticed some couples took their towels to a secluded spot on this long beach. The only downside was check in as our rooms were not ready and issues with the beach towels. We got some but our girls didn't till the 3d day. Not sure whats going on there but they didn't really care. The rooms were a bit musty but you are by the ocean so its pretty much expected. We just opened the sliding door.There were no bugs anywhere which was great. No mosquitoes or sand flies either. The water was fine and noone got sick. However I always make it a point not to eat salads on these vacations and generally have no problems. The layout of this hotel was great as you did not have to walk anywhere too far to get to your room or other parts of the hotel. This was one of the reasons we picked it. We met people that had stayed in the Bahia Principe which is a 5 star and they said this hotel was nicer. I would definately go back again.  
<Date>Jan 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	1	5	4	

<Author>Princess-Lesley
<Content>Fun Resort!! I visited this resort last spring with three of my girlfriends. We had a great time!! We totally enjoyed every minute of each day. The pool is really big and always clean and best of all it has a swim-up bar! Although we kinda gave up on drinking during the day simply because it was so hot and we needed water!! The staff are all super friendly and really easy to get along with. In fact, after the first or second day several of the entertainment crew knew us by name. It was great. Everyone is pleasant and really nice.The best part of this resort is the beach. It is absolutely amazing!! I have been to a number of other resorts and this beach was by far the best. It is huge, clean, and has the finest white sand you could ever run your toes through!The a la carte restaurants and the buffet were ok. We always found something to eat and we tried a lot of new and different things too! We ate at the buffet every morning and the man at the egg booth always knew what we wanted when we got there. The juice wasn't the best and watch out for the pancake syrup with flies in it!! Now this isn't because it is dirty there, it's because that's how they eat it there...we asked! The best a la carte restaurant is the Tokyo. The food it great, the chefs are awesome and you can even help make your own meal...it was really coolThe rooms aren't super, but they're good enough...I figure if you're down south you don't need to be spending much time in your room anyways!! Overall I have no complaints and I think that this is a great place to go on vacation. The people are great, the music is good, the sun is always out, the drinks are free, the beach is beautiful, the food is continuous and the atmosphere is the best!!!  
<Date>Jan 12, 2008
<Rating>4	5	2	4	4	4	5	3	

<Author>crafter188
<Content>Not perfect, but lots of good things       New theatre  
<Date>Jan 11, 2008
<Rating>3	4	2	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>TorontoNatalie
<Content>A hotel that shouldn't be operating Barcel Punta Cana Issues- When first arrived was given a room that smelled like mould, water leak in washroom from ceiling, mould growing on the toilet, cockroach in room under the bed, and finally it was in an unsafe and deserted part of the hotel. It was a room at the end of a long hallway, with a closet located next door and across the hall, surrounded by open space.- I proceeded to go downstairs and speak to a gentleman at the front desk and I told him all of the above and he told me there was nothing that could be done because the hotel was full. I tried explaining my issues with safety and he kept talking over me and the only words he was saying is the hotel is full- On 12/30/07 we went to front desk and was told we were being moved to another room but it wouldn't be ready until 4:00 pm, we decided to take a walk and check it out. It was located in the seventh building, on the beach, on the ground floor, it had a balcony about 4 feet high that anyone could hop over. The whole time there I didn't see any security at the beach. We went back to our room where my friend proceeded to call front desk and ask for a manager. the room manager came to the phone, we began telling him that room was not going to be adequate and he just kept talking over her and not listening or letting her speak. She finally got control of the conversation and eventually we were given room our third room.- Room 3 was given to us on 12/30/07 at 4:30pm, the room had one bed, no towels, no phone, no chain lock on the door, no bottle opener for the drinks in the fridge, and no remote to turn the TV on. After 5 calls to front desk and 3 hours we finally received all of the above items.- Our room overlooked a construction pit where workers and painters were constantly staring into our room, whistling at us, and making comments towards us.- There was a closet located beside our room that was flooding and I slipped on the water at least 3 times.- The maid was showing up to clean anywhere between 3-7pm and we had to take at least 3 cold showers due to no hot water in the room-Friend's boyfriend tried calling our room on New Years Eve, he called front desk a dozen times and no one picked up, he finally called our cell phone and we tried calling front desk from the room 5 times before anyone answered- Friend's mother called the hotel looking for us because her father had to go in for emergency surgery and the front desk couldn't find our room because our names were not put into the hotel properly. They had the room listed under a different name- Due to us booking 2 excursions our a la carte dinner times needed to be changed and we were given a very hard time at the front desk about changing them, we ended up only eating at one (conuco) we were the first to arrive and submit our ticket to the hostess but the last to be let in and seated.- On 12/31/07 we had a buffet dinner at the Alcazar restaurant and at about 12:30am I had to go back to the room, I had cold sweats, fever, and was vomiting all night, my stomach wasn't right the rest of the vacation and I had to see a doctor when I returned to Canada. My last 2 days at the resort I didn't eat a thing.- At the buffet you would wait 20 minutes for someone to ask you if you wanted a drink and on 2 occasions we ordered drinks that never came- There were never any beach towels at the towel hut- We went to the store at the hotel to buy some things and the cashier ripped us off twice, the first time it was $10 and the second time it was $20- The week we were there 3 people almost drowned in the water and a couple had their room broken into and jewellery stolen and they were told nothing could be done.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Answerman
<Content>Exactly what I expected, and that's a good thing! flew from Baltimore to Charlotte to Punta Cana on Dec. 18 and then the ground transport, Coco Tours did not show up at the airport(Orbitz refunded me after return). Got to hotel and checked in very quickly and right to the bar for all-inclusive drink. Over 5 days my 2 children and I figured we drank over 60 bottles of all-inclusive water and other assorted alcoholic and non-alcoholic bevreages without any problems,delays,whatsoever. We had all the beach towels we wanted and our fridge was refilled every day without asking and the beach was perfect and the golf at La Cana was spectacular and the excursion to Saona Island was well worth it . The Italian restaurant was excellent and the buffet was better than average. There was plenty of food during the day and late at nite and the animation show every nite was a blast(the employees work their butts off). The casino was a non-event as it was always empty and the disco was also very slow. We returned same way on Dec. 22.(Again,Coco Tours required 5 calls to make sure picked up and still 30 minutes late) My daughter wants to move to Punta Cana, my son wants to return to hotel for college spring break and I can't wait to take my wife to share the fun. I read lots of negative reviews before going and I really don't get it. You must understand you are in a developing country and there is poverty everywhere but in the resort. Sure, the electric goes out temporarily now and then, and the water stops or no hot for a little while, but relax and enjoy the incredible beauty everwhere around you. I give the hotel 2 thumbs up!  
<Date>Jan 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>justme2742
<Content>We had a great time. I would have to say that the majority of the reviews are correct, the rooms are bad but the grounds, pool, staff are great. The check in was fine, it took all of 2 minutes. The language barrier is at times really frustrating. I realize that we are in their country but when they rely on their income in tourism it would be nice to have at least one front staff that speaks and understands English.We stayed in building 6, our rooms smelled really bad. We have travelled to tropical places before, it's not the normal tropical smell. It at times smelled like sewer. We had brought some commercial room spray with us that really seemed to help with the smell. On our second day we didn't have any water, but they quickly came and fixed it. The hot/cold water is really finicky, we figured out to get hot water for a shower, run the sink hot water at the same time. Very strange but it was really the only way we could get any hot water. I hated wasting the water but it was all we could do. Our maid was great, she made us towel art every day. :O) I was very grateful though that it was really kept clean and there were absolutely no bugs. I was really worried about cockroaches, but there wasn't anything. The food was ok. The fresh omelettes in the morning are really good and the pasta stations are awesome. Make sure you do go to the show restaurant, it's soooo goood. We had our two kids with us and they always found something they loved to eat.The drinks are definitely NOT watered down. :O) Go to Lobby 2 bar and hang out with Leonardo, Ruth, Juan and Aneuris for a evening, you will be sure to have a good time. We had a blast with them everynight. They are great staff.There is tons of stuff to do with the kids. I have two at 11 and 13. The fun team really try to involve them in everything they do. I wish we would of waited even one month to go. I think the room renovations will be done by then and that would of made a huge difference. We went in one of the new rooms and they are beautiful. We stayed at a 5 star resort in Mexico and I would say the new rooms are nicer then the 5 star resort. They smell so fresh and clean. The new pool should be open by now I would think, it was just getting ready to open when we were leaving. The new stage is beautiful, the sound that comes from it is amazing. We really enjoyed the shows in the evening. We really had a good time. Even though we weren't in our rooms often it would of made the trip so much better. We loved it, had a really good time. Loooved the staff at the Barcelo more then any other resort I have ever been at. Bring lots of 1's. We rarely saw anyone tipping and it's really annoying. They work hard, and it's so hot, what's a dollar here and there  
<Date>Jan 9, 2008
<Rating>4	2	2	5	5	1	5	1	

<Author>IndigoBlue3
<Content>Not Good, Not Bad, but definately not a 4 star I'm one of those travellers that visits Trip Advisor to review a resort before I book. I do agree that you can't always judge based on bad reviews, however, I now understand why this resort gets mixed reviews. When I booked this resort, I asked the travel agent about the bad reviews and they assured me that AirTransat holidays rates this resort a 4 star. Since I have travelled and stayed in Mexico, Cuba, and Costa Rica resorts (some rated at a 3.5 star and some at a 4 star) I can confidently say that this resort is definately not a 4 star.We got a fairly decent price for a two-week stay from Dec 6 to Dec 20th under the so-called Prestige Class. Don't let this marketing scam fool you. Prestige Class is a scam to attract more people to the resort. You do not get any perks that is advertised.The resort looks very nice from the outside. The pool is amazing (lagoon style) and the beach is breathtaking. I do agree that the beach area at this resort was the nicest areas of the beach as it was always clean (compared to the other resorts). The entertainment was amazing! The service was somewhat good except for the front desk. We always tipped at the restaraunts and bar so I'm sure that helped. The greenery and landscaping is also very nice and well kept.Now for the bad... the first room they gave us was horrible. It smelled really bad, the closet door was broken and off its hinges, the balcony door was broken, the bathroom ceiling leaked, the soap dish rusted off and rust appeared throughout the bathroom. We decided that the room wasn't going to affect our vacation since we would only be sleeping in it, until we found two cockroaches; one in the bathroom and one in our bed. I developed a skin rash on my legs and soon discovered that it was from bed bugs. Needless to say, I was upset. I complained as calmly as I could at the front desk and showed them the rash on my legs. Finally, we sparked their attention and they moved us into a better room with a rubber seal below the door (this stops bugs from getting into the room). The room still smelled bad but as long as there wasn't any bugs in my bed I was fine. The housekeepers were great. They washed the floors daily and did a good job trying to keep the room clean.The food at the buffet is horrible and, as mentioned in other reviews, was never covered from flies or birds. The bread is covered in baskets so i mostly ate bread or pasta at the pasta bar, since it was cooked in front of you. The Tokio restaraunt was really good and the other a la carte restaraunts were just okay. I got food poisioning from the Paris restaraunt, which I validated when 2 other people that ate there the same night also got food poisioning.This resort is falling apart. As we stood outside of the resort (close to the photo shop) a bunch of slate shingles slid off the roof and landed a few feet away from us. Another person we met got zapped by the light switch in the bathroom because it was hanging by wires. The hazard that concerned me the most was the water leaking through the ceiling in many different places in the common areas and the ceiling was falling apart. We also found out that one of the chandaliers and part of the ceiling came down on an older man sitting in the common area.This resort has the potential of being a 4 star but at its current state I would give it, at best, a 3 star and mostly because of the pool, beach, entertainment, and some of the staff.We haven't been feeling well since we left this resort and I've come to the conclusion that it was from the food.Overall, I will visit Punta Cana again someday but would rather pay the extra to feel safe and comfortable. In the end, since we met a lot of fabulous people, enjoyed the fab pool and beach, I still enjoyed my vacation.A few travelling tips:bring lots of single US dollar bills for tipping and no large bills. Bring toys, school supplies, and candy for the kids when you go on your excursions; you can throw them to the kids when driving though the villages. Bring toys and school supplies for the maids. The maids especially like things like shampoo, conditioner, etc. The vendors are very agressive so be agressive back. If you want buy something never pay what they ask and take about 30-50% of their asking price. You'll get tired of them saying for you... cheapy cheapy. Try to speak as much Spanish as you can. Even if you just smile and say Hola, Amigo or Hola, Amiga. They appreciate it by smiling back :)  
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	2	4	4	

<Author>bchalifax
<Content>The Resort was beautiful!       my daughter with parrot on safari tour, with was way too long, glad to be back at resort!  
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>maglassop
<Content>Worst Holiday Ever My husband and I booked our 2 week holiday to what was then known as Superclub breezes in June 2006. I usually wouldn't leave negative feedback unless it was serious. It has taken a long time for me to write my review as I have still not total recovered from my stay, that being 18 months ago.The hotel itself seemed pleasant and the staff attentive, and the rooms nice and spacious, however my husband soon became ill from the food or maybe the bottled water as I have read one guest complain of. After a full day in bed he felt a little better, although I soon didn't start to feel well with stomach pains and diahorrea. Once we returned back to the UK I was admitted to hospital and remained ill for 6 months, with doctors unable to diagnose the problem. I am still experienceing stomach problems from the holiday now it's 18 months later and I am writting this in the hope that if you have a dicky tummy to begin with you will not go to this hotel. We have no doubt that it was the food there, and as one other reviewer said I can well believe that cockroaches were running around the dinner plates as we found many in our room.I hope that this review will stop someone experiencing what I have been through.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	1	1	3	2	-1	

<Author>MATRAVEL
<Content>Mostly a great vacation - some flaws       view from our room  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	3	4	5	4	5	

<Author>steelshopman
<Content>dog ruff not a bad bit of architecture really,lovely established spacious grounds,2 great pool areas,maybe the best spot on a truly world class beach....that,ll do for a start. note the taxi fare from the airport to the hotel is currently 37us dollars.take plenty of dollars for tipping, you wont get them there. unobtrusive building  refurbishment going on,the old bathrooms are very tired. rooms well cleaned,but the safe didnt work  the balcony door locks were shot. the self service dining works well,always clean tables ready  after 14 days ,still new things to try. yes  with a few flys sharing on very humid days! the language is spanish, .smiling  eye contact +a few bucks will make the service so more joyful, try it-it works. unfortunately,neither the lobby ,or sports bars really work,and the place cries out for a focal point.the pool bar  the outside entertainment,on the other hand are excellent. so then,that just leaves us the punters,and this is where you may wish to consider the more expensive neighbouring hotels if you are a sensitive soul,or maybe honeymooners,this place is being sold as a short time bargain break ,and yes some were dog ruff! final words......great value,great position,but not classy  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NSJLeicester
<Content>Don't waste your money We had the unfortunate experience of staying at this hotel for 2 days as our flight had been delayed.Our holiday and wedding were at the Riu Bambu which was excellent and in comparison to the barcelo is no where in the same league.We arrived at the barcelo and were allocated a ground floor room in block 6 this is quite a walk with your cases although there are porters to help if you. If the reception staff relay the message that is!!Our room was small and dated which was fine as due to the delay we were all shattered, however the patio did not lock as it had quite obvioulsy been forced open previously and never fixed.Being on the ground floor this was a great worry to me and my husband had to wedge the door with a chair and a clothes airer.The next morning we ventured down to the restaurant.After being spoiled at the Bambu with hot, fresh food and an immaculately clean restaurant i was disgusted by the amount of flies in the restaurant, i was very careful to stick to porridge and rolls which were covered as anything that wasn't sealed had flies landing on it. The snack bar was the same and the pool area too.In my book flies means dirty, it was down to cleanliness.And after spending 2 weeks at the bambu where i cannot remember being bothered by any flies at all i had to wonder to myself what the food preperation areas were like and how the problem had become so bad. The other issues in this hotel are queues, on christmas day i spent 20 mins queuing for a plate of pasta from the pasta bar, the only thing i dared to eat as it was cooked fresh as you waited.Also queues at the bars, which are made worse by other guests being rude and trying to push in. This does not make for a relaxing atmosphere, combined with the fact that when my husband got to the bar there was no water or sprite all they had was coke which they were pouring into glasses so full of ice you only got one mouthfull of pop!!! Also the queues are made worse by the fact that food is not filled up as soon as it has ran out and you found that by the time anything had been filled up there were that many people waiting for it that it had ran out again. My annoyance with this may have been due to the fact that the staff at the bambu were brilliant and always checking if anything was running low.The hotel looks wonderful from a distance but when you get close you see the cracks. Also meant literally around the pool area which was lovely but had not been looked after, and there were missing tiles dotted all around the pool and the centre area had more grout all over the tiles than what was holding them in place.In my mind small things like this make the difference and this hotel definately lacked the finishing touches.Also look out for all the wet floor signs from the ceiling leaks i think on one trip back to our room i counted five!!!!Do not come to this hotel if you want to relax, you cannot relax at dinner for all the flies wanting to share your food with you, you cannot relax at night for fear of your room being broken into, and you cannot relax when getting a drink because of the queue jumpers.An awful hotel that i have no idea how it got it's four stars.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	3	1	2	1	-1	

<Author>jungle_queen
<Content>amazing..holiday of a lifetime after reading a few bad reviews we were a ittle worried with what to expect...but i am now one of those people that says 'do not believe the bad reviews, go here for the holiday of a lifetime'. the barcelo premium punta cana is excellent, definately 4star, the rooms were lovely, clean and well kept and the pool area and beach were beautiful. as usual on holiday you can expect one or 2 things to go wrong, which as they were only minor did not effect us at all - one being we had a problem with the tv and the toilet, these were not major and the maintenance team are always to hand to corect any problems. 2 single women going on holiday together we were a little apprehensive and expected hassle, we were completely wrong, the place is beautiful, the people are great and we felt completely safe. i would reccomend this hotel to anyone and we are already planning a return with all the family and inlaws.the animation team keep you entertained and provide a great show every nite, with plenty of opportunities to get involved. we also went on several excursions, definately one to do is 'trainer for the day' at animal adventure park, truly amazing....if your animal lover this is not to be missed!! you spend the day with tigers, sharks, sealions, birds, monekys, swam in the coral reefs and fed the baby tiger. when you read bad reviews its understandable to be put off going to this hotel, however its excellent, there is food 24hours, 8 restuarants, a disco, kids club and bars everywhere!enjoy your stay here!!  
<Date>Dec 29, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>MacAlabama
<Content>Nice Resort, but bring your own food My wife and I went to the Barcelo resort for a long weekend. We are from the United States and furtunately have had the opportunity to travel throughout the Carribean, including staying at other all-inclusive resorts. I will start with the good and move on to the bad:The Good:- The Grounds were very nice and well maintained. The pool area has a good layout, and the beach area is incredible. The beach area for this resort is visibly less crowded than other resorts in the area. - Room Clealiness - Our room was always clean, mopped everyday, with fresh towels, and fresh flowers. From reading other reviews, as well as talking with other guests, the key to getting a clean room is to tip the maids everyday you are there. New towels come with a price. - Evening entertainment - surpisingly good. A good number of the shows were quite entertaining. Some shows are geared for the young adult crowd. The Bad:- Even for an all inclusive resort (which the food tends to be average) the food was awful. Although I am an American, I enjoy trying local international cuisine. However, I nearly starved to death. The buffett food was disgusting and low quality. Even the pancakes tasted like cardboard. The French restaurant was a huge disappointment, and I am still being punished for trying the pate. The Italian restaurant was ok. However, the Japanese restaurant was quite good (so go there early and often), and the hamburgers by the pool grill are edible. My advice - bring energy bars and a loaf of bread with you in your luggage. Overall, absent the food, the Barcelo is a nice, fun environment that is well worth the price. We plan on going back to Punta Cana, but will try a different resort.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Mesra
<Content>Fun and worth it for those who can handle minor issues       Lobby Bar  
<Date>Dec 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	2	4	3	2	2	2	

<Author>disappointedDC
<Content>Not 4 star! The resort itself was okay. Some things you should know before you book this resort...some ants in the room, food is fair, the worst casino I've ever seen, Sports Bar a joke, only 2 decent restaurants and unless you book at 8:30 am you can't get in, drinks only fair, few staff speak English, little entertainment. In spite of all this, my family had a good time. As long as you expect little more than beautiful beach and pool, you'll do okay.  
<Date>Dec 25, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	2	2	2	2	-1	

<Author>Scuzzoe
<Content>We had a great time !!       the beach bar... so many choices.. strong drinks too  
<Date>Dec 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	2	4	4	

<Author>wtrav2007
<Content>A good vacation but some problems Given the other reviews we did not have high expectations for our trip to the Barcelo Premium but we did have some expectations given the four apple rating this property received from Apple Vacations (who we booked through). On the whole we did have a good time but there were a number of issues that may put off many people. We feel this resort is quite average and compared to the two Gran Bahia Principe All Inclusive properties we have visited this resort pales in comparison (I realize the two shouldn't be directly compared as we payed about 30% less for the Barcelo Premium).So first the good points:The beach is one of the best that I've ever seen if you want to walk along the beach and just generally chill out in or around the ocean. Beautiful soft sand and very clean. This was the highlight of our vacation.The pool and pool area were nice and kept clean.Bars were good and generally had good service. Make sure to try a Mama Juana Pina Colada.Quick run down of a la cart restaurants:Dominican - We loved the soups and mafongo. Seafood was very overcooked and didn't taste all that fresh. The Guinea Hen was generally good. Service was a bit strange as related later. Overall we'd recommend this restaurant as a way to try some Dominican cuisine.Italian - Food was good for this resort but not of any great quality. You'll get much better food at an Olive Garden. Service was good. Try the champagne (applies to all locations in resort) as I thought it was much better than the included red and white wines. Recommended.French - We ate here twice and had generally good experiences. The best dish we had was the salmon. There is a cheese bar at the this restaurant. Food was highly variable but generally good. RecommendedJapanese/Tepanyaki - If you have never had tepanyaki (show grilling) than you'll probably love this restaurant. If you've been to other tepanyaki restaurants you'll probably be disappointed with the show aspect. Chef tried very hard but it was obvious that he hadn't received very much training. Food was pretty good and was some of the best during our stay. Recommended but don't expect too much from the show. Sake is available and is of ok quality.Issues:(It's going to sound like I'm complaining a lot here but this is what we experienced, some of it bothered us, some of it didn't, consider how it would impact you).1. Water: Water pressure, hot and cold water fluctuated throughout our stay. Many days we did not have any hot water, sometimes we didn't have any running water, and other times we only had scalding hot water.2. Electricity: There were several power outages during our stay. This also contributed to the water problems.3. Highly variable service: The service that we experienced at this resort was highly variable. Some of this was at times due to language barrier since our Spanish is minimal. That said we ran into some great individuals and some that were so poor that we couldn't believe it. Maid service and mini bar service were generally quite good. Front desk service was poor to ok. Service at the bars was generally good and restaurant service varied wildly. This resort needs to work on consistency of service. Perhaps one of the worst experiences was at the Dominican restaurant. We were seated and a gentleman came to take our orders. We had questions about the menu and asked about what was in different items. He would explain what was in an item but then assume we wanted it, writing it down. We would then ask about another item and he would look annoyed because he had to change what he had written. This went on for a few minutes and we finally had everything figured out and he repeated everything back to us including our drink selections. He left and after about ten minutes we still only had water at our table and the first course arrived. During the whole meal the person who took our order along with three or four other individuals were standing in the corner of the restaurant doing nothing. When the waiter arrived with the first course he looked at us puzzled and asked if we wanted any drinks. Despite speaking less English than the person who took our order he was able to get the drink orders correct, we watched him go ahead and make the drinks himself, while the others stood around, and brought them back to us within a few minutes. We watched as he took care of almost every aspect of service for everyone in the restaurant while his coworkers just stood there. This lead to generally slow service because he was forced to do everything. We were dumbfounded by the lack of effort displayed by the other individuals. And so it goes that we had some of the best and worst service in the same restaurant at the same time. I believe this is a stellar example of what Barcelo needs to correct.4. Front desk/restaurant issues: When we checked in we were handed three receipts with prebooked restaurant reservations. There was no concern for when or where we wanted to eat. We wanted to change these reservations immediately after we saw them but the front desk refused to do so. We ended up getting to try a number of restaurants but because of this system we did not get to try the Seafood restaurant that we had wanted to. I complained to guest services and they told me the bookings could be changed at check him. I indicated the front desk had not let us do so. One of a number of examples of different policies being followed by different individuals. Overall the restaurant booking system would work if they allowed you to change the reservations at check in but this was very much a point of annoyance because of the way it was handled.5. Food quality: I think I can sum this up by saying that after getting back to the USA we enjoyed eating at Hardee's. The food quality and variety was generally not very good. We never went hungry but given the apple rating of this resort we expected better. The food (with some exceptions) was not even of the quality we would expect from an Old Country Buffet or similar here in the states. This was unfortunately true in both the a la carte restaurants and the buffet. Variety was minimal and we were sick of the buffet by the last day despite having eaten at a la carte restaurants for dinner on five nights. Sometimes we were just baffled by what we received, the best example being a fish terrine appetizer we ordered. When it arrived it turned out to be what looked to us like fish and chips (fried fish sticks and french fries). Finally on the food front is that during our stay both myself and my wife developed digestive issues including diarrhea. We aren't sure what caused the problems but the issues persisted significantly after leaving the DR. We have traveled quite a bit including Mexico, China, Thailand, and numerous other places and this was by far the worst food related problems that we have had. We never drank anything except bottle water so this was not directly water related.6. Misc. room issues: Air conditioning was very loud (but worked well) and the toilet ran continuously which contributed to ambient noise levels. We decided this might be a good thing as once we had people in the rooms adjacent to ours we realized it was easy to hear what was going on in other rooms. During our stay we also had a major water leak from the room above into our bathroom. This resulted in our bathroom being mostly unusable until the problem was resolved. That said maintenance fixed this problem relatively quickly and the issue did not recur. 7: Room quality: Overall the room was of average or less than average quality. I would compare the room to a typical American three star room but it had significant issues you wouldn't see in the USA. For instance the door was hung such that there was a nearly inch high gap at the top of the door. The gap was so large that you didn't need any sort of night light because there was plenty of light from outside the room! The bed and bedding was adequate but more typical of an aging budget motel than a resort. Bare screws in the wall seemed to indicate where items had once hung but had been removed and the television remote didn't work most of the time. All of these are small things and didn't detract from our vacation but they certainly cheapened the feel of the resort and distracted us in various ways.In the end we would recommend Punta Cana but we would not return to the Barcelo Premium due to all of the items listed above. We would rather pay a little bit more to have an even more relaxing vacation but if you are on a strict budget the Barcelo Premium is an ok resort at a beautiful destination.  
<Date>Dec 14, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	2	3	-1	

<Author>nchittick03
<Content>Fabulous time...ignore the scrooges on this site! Okay.....just got home from a week long stay at Barcelo Punta Cana from Nov 30-Dec 7 that we booked online through selloffvacations.com ......had been on this site reading reviews right up until we left for the plane and I can say that the negative ones are not worth your time acknowledging!!!! My husband  I stayed in Block 6 and we travelled with friends who were in the same block.....and we both had a FABULOUS time! Check in took all of 1 minute, the rooms were great....very clean...no bugs/ants.....the staff is great! No problems with the language barrier....you just take the time and figure it out! The service from staff was wonderful....always smiling, never rude and was very attentive.....and we didn't tip all the time either! The facilities are under construction in one area, but it in no way affects your use of the resort's facilities or amenities! If you read a bad review I can tell you that those are people that if you met them in everyday life they'd never be happy...so PLEASE disregard them!The food was great! Overall, I'd say there was nothing you could complain about...sometimes the buffet restaurant was repetative...but there are 7 restaurants to choose from to eat at so in my opinion you can't complain about variety!!The beach was BEAUTIFUL!!!!!! and the ocean even better! You do meet vendors on the beach but they are very nice and we actually got to know them and greet each other each day......I guess if you don't like meeting people...stay up at the pool!We did the Bavaro Runners daytrip......AWESOME!!!!!!! We had a great tour guide....if you go on this trip ask for Jackie Chan to be your guide....great time and well worth the money!!!!!!!Overall, we think that you couldn't be disappointed with this resort unless you are by nature Ebenezer Scrooge....so if you're going here...go, have a great time and enjoy!!!!  
<Date>Dec 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Yemoss
<Content>get the suite - you'll be in heaven!! We stayed at this resort for a few days in late November for a friend's wedding and it was a great time. Right off the bat I'd recommend that you spend a little extra (it's not much more) on the suite rooms - they are fantastic, huge king bed, balcony, living room, surrounded by marble -we had a party of three in there comfortably with the fold out bed couch. I loved the little plate of desserts and complimentary glass-bottled sodas they'd resupply each day. THE GOOD: The pool is huge, with different areas to explore, including a wading section, volleyball area and an impressive tiki-hut thatched roof above the expansive swim-up bar. Plenty of lounge chairs in every direction. Friendly service all-around, including the bartenders. This resort is big; you have to walk around quite a bit to get to places. The buffets were about average, sometimes missing the mark on something like marinara sauce where you can notice ketchup was used to stretch it. We gave them the benefit of the doubt. Most of the food was pretty good. The ambiental music is on throughout most the day but they seem to take breaks now and then. Some resorts just blast it nonstop. Make sure to hit the Cigar Shop on-premise - we picked up a large box of Cohibas for about US $200 which is a steal. They have a few ping pong tables woo-hoo! And a dance club which could use a good power-washing (it reeked of something gone wild). The best amenity is the 24 hour oceanside sports bar adjacent to the 24 hour snack hut. A few nights we gave them a good run. There's stuff like rock wall climbing, a trapese area, on-beach massages, parasailing, horseback riding, bike rentals, tennis courts. Plenty of activity here. The beach was very pleasant, white sand, water in the tropical blue hues you see as described - the water was a bit choppy, although refreshing. THE NOT SO GOOD: Check-in seemed to take a while from the too-relaxed staff. A slight inconvenience: no hot water at all (showers). We didn't complain because everything else was just right and suites we're sold out and we didn't want to give ours up. TV reception is bad, not that we went down to watch TV but c'mon, get with it. The Japanese steak restaurant, Tokyo, tries hard to approximate the Benihana experience - just don't compare the two side by side. All the food was freshly cooked in front of you, but it all tastes like soy sauce, whether shrimp, beef, chicken or fish. The tempura appetizer looked like children's school erasers they were so tiny. Oh and we had two power outages during our meal which was both awkwardly amusing and slightly disconcerting. That experience led us to try the sake, which led us to try the wines, which brought us back to the saftey drink, Cuba Libre. Whatever the Italian restaurant is named - Roma, or Michaelangelo's, is of similar quality - so-so. If you're staying during the weekend be prepared for major traffic as the resort allows locals to come in and hang out around the pool, drink it up and win the MARACCA DANCE CONTEST. These are fixed so that the Dominican ladies always beat out the touristas. Someone should complain, but with a tan and pina colada replacing your vital fluids after a few days, does it really matter? You'll have the chance to buy paintings, carvings, necklaces and all sorts of island-inspired knick-knacks. Be sure to bargain if that's in you're nature, my one friend bought a sculpture at 50% of the artist's asking price. BOTTOM LINE: This place is worth a stay, the service if great, the facility is up to par and they do go out of their way to accomodate. I would give it 3.5 stars.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>fineshot2000
<Content>Great resort for the price Had a great stay at the Barcelo Punta Cana. Check-in was fast and smooth. A friendly and helpful front desk and service thoughout the resort, most of whom do know some english. The grounds, beach and flora are fabulous and the groundscrew and gardeners keeps the resort looking great around the clock, making your experience even more worthwhile. The food was good for the most part but not top-notch. The buffet restaurant is huge with lots to offer and the 24 hr beach/snack bar was great for after hours. The lobby bar, cool place to hang out and meet alot of people. Tokio is by far the best dinner restaurant on the resort. Very entertaining chefs. Book early in your trip, you will want to eat there again if you like it. Nightly entertainment was different every night and enjoyable. While I liked my stay alot, be aware that the resort does let in the locals on the weekends, whom basically took over the pool bar and beachside restaurant on saturday. Also, prepare to barter alot, as the resort lets in area vendors/crafters basically every other night from roughly 6pm-10. There are also alot of renovations going on on the west side of the resort, but none of this should deter you from having a great time. Overall, the resort was definitely worth the money I paid for it and I would go back.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Southwickgang
<Content>Barcelo Punta Cana For Our Daughters Wedding 10/20/07 - 10/27/07       Oour group photo  
<Date>Dec 7, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	3	4	3	2	3	

<Author>TouShay
<Content>Barcelo Punta Cana Resort - My First Tropical Holiday       Carlos(BeachBar Restaurant)waits on you with a smile -hard working honest man-(found my vid cam)  
<Date>Dec 4, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jonsie36
<Content>Perfect for chilling out The barcelo premium, Punta Cana, is a great place for just relaxing and chilling out. the food on offer is great and there is a good variety of food in a number of different restaurants and a very good, clean and large buffet. Ther is also twenty four hour snack and drinks bar by the beach. Also there are many bars that you can get youyr drinks from and there are plenty of drinks to choose from. The pool is huge and this also has a pool bar. The beach is great and there are plenty of sun-beds th choose from by the beach and the pool. all the staff are friendly and will serve you well. My wife and I went in november, the hotel was by no way full and thi9s was nice as we could choose from many spaces around the pool. There are allways plenty of things to do, activity wise. But if you want a great, warm, relaxing holiday, then go here, you wont be disapointed.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>gdavan
<Content>Great vacation!! 18 of us went to Barcelo Punta Cana for the Thanksgiving week.We all had a wonderful time. This is the second time my husband and I have been to this resort (it was called Breezes previously).The people at the resort are wonderful and very friendly.The beach is goregous, and the pool is really nice too.The food at the buffet was good, you won't go hungry here.The one thing I didn't care for was the room, its a little musty smelling but other than that not bad. We only slept in the room anyway, so why complain when you have paradise right outside!Overall we all had a great time.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	4	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>BeachGalPennsylvania
<Content>Not Bad/Great Beach My husband and our friends stayed at the Barcelo from 11/12 thru 11/19. If you're looking for the Ritz don't go, but neither is it a flea bag hotel. I cannot stress this enough. Remember where you are. You are in a country where the people work at a slower pace and do not have the same standards as we do. Check in went smoothly. We arrived at the hotel around 2PM. There was not a line and they greeted us with drinks (great drink, I never did find out what it was and when we asked for it at the bar they looked at us like they didn't know what we were talking about). Our rooms were not ready (we were told on the way to the hotel that check in was 3PM and it was likely that our rooms would not be ready.) so we went to the buffett and had lunch and walked around for a bit. Right around 3PM we went back to check on our rooms. The front desk made a few calls and we finally got our keys.Our rooms were adequate and clean. We were in building 7. Again, if you expect the Ritz you will be disappointed. We had a king bed which I thought was pretty comfortable. My husband woke up with a sore back every morning. We had a nice garden view from our balcony and we had coffee on the balcony every morning. Our room was situated at the end of the building closest to the pool. The shows are at the pool every night. They did get loud. It didn't bother us that much as we weren't in bed very early. We were out on our balcony one night and it was a little annoying. They stock the mini fridge everyday. Although they only put in 2 bottled waters. We stopped at the bar everynight and got a couple extra bottles to make coffee with in the morning.We didn't have any trouble with the hot water. Although there were at least 3 times when I was showering that the water pressure dropped to the point that there wasn't any water coming out of the shower head. I turned the faucet off and turned it back on after about 30 sec. to 1 min. and it was fine. I don't know why it happened, but it did.The food was good. We ate at the mexican, italian, french, japanese and the buffett. I liked the mexican restaurant the best. I thought the french was the worst. The food wasn't bad there, I guess it wasn't what I was expecting. We only ate at the buffett twice for dinner. I think it would get old after awhile. The times we ate there they had a pretty big selection. The buffett was best in the morning. The guy making the omlettes was great. Best omelettes I have had in a long time. If you're looking for a big selection on a buffett the restaurant by the pool is not the place to go. Of course they don't have the room to lay out a big spread like in the hotel. Oh and don't leave your food unattended at the pool buffett. A few times people filled their plates and put them on the table and left the table only to come back and find that a bird had been their eating the food.The cocktails are wonderful. They don't scrimp on the alcohol. The banana mama's are great. The blue lagoon's aren't bad either!The beach is great. We didn't have any problem getting a little hut on the beach everyday. We went down around 9 - 9:30AM every morning and there were usually plenty available. Watch the waves. They can be pretty rough. The staff was great. The front desk spoke pretty good english as did most of the wait staff and bar staff. We did have a communication problem with one of our waiters and a bartender but for the most part if they don't understand what you are trying to say they will call someone over who speaks a little more english. It was fun trying to communicate with what spanish that I knew and for the most part the staff tries to teach you and help you if they see you are trying.Now to the complaints. Our friends seemed to have the most problems so I'll relay what I know. Our friends went to their room one afternoon and their card key did not work. They went to the front desk and the person at the desk reprogrammed their card. It worked. After dinner that night they went back to their room their card key did not work. They went back to the front desk and again the card was reprogrammed. The next day I went to use my card key and it didn't work. I went to the front desk and they reprogrammed my card. It was a minor but irritating incovenience.Our friends called down to the front desk our first day there and asked for two extra pillows. The front desk said they would take care of it. They never showed up. After 2 days our friends saw their maid in the hall and somehow communicated to her (she spoke very little english) that they needed 2 extra pillows. They got them.The vendors are annoying. I think the hotel lets them set up every other night. The first night was fine. You walked through the lobby and they were very persistent that you look at their things. We looked at some and walked by others. The second and third times that they were there we started looking for ways to go around them. Like I said they are very persistent. All you have to do is tell them no and they will leave you alone, but until you tell them no they are in your face.The biggest dissappointment on this vacation was the weather. November is their rainy season which I didn't know when I booked the trip. If you want most of your vacation to be sunny, I wouldn't recommend going to the DR in November. I would say about 1/2 of everyday was cloudy/rainy. You might have about 3 - 4 hours of sun.Our friends were sick all week and I got sick our last day there. We followed the rules by not drinking the water and brushing our teeth with bottled water, but we did end up getting sick. I don't know if it was the different food, the way they prepare it or what it was but I ended up going to the doctor when I got home to get fixed up. I was told after I got back and I didn't think about this while I was on the trip but they probably wash their fruits and veggies with tap water. I could have picked something up off the fruit. But this could happen anywhere you go. I'm definately not blaming anyone.OH I have to mention Clifford. He works the beach selling horseback rides. Great guy! He could sell anything to anybody. We had a good time joking around with him everyday. I didn't go horseback riding but my husband and our friends did. They had a great time.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>JOJO67NewYork
<Content>VACATION NIGHTMARE!!!!!!!!!! Worst hotel and vacation ever!!!!!! My husband and I just returned and we will NEVER go back again. Check in was a nightmare, they are so rude at the front desk. The first room they put us in had water pouring through the ceiling all over the bed, when we asked to change they looked at us like we were crazy, they put us in a second room and the bathroom toilet above us leaked into our bathroom, so we had to be moved AGAIN, and they only did that after I started screaming and yelling. The third room they put us in smelled so bad, it was damp the whole time we were there in the room all of our clothes were constantly wet. We had either NO WATER or NO HOT WATER, the toilets would not flush, there were ants all over the mini bar and all I did was chase those huge cockaroaches around the room to kill them. The minibar was all rusted inside and out, I had to beg for a washcloth and a pillow. They actually went into the room next door to me and took a pillow off their bed and had the nerve to hand that to me. We had to constantly call to have the room cleaned. The room was ABSOLUTELY DISGUSTING!!!! We Never took our clothes out of the suitcases and put the suitcases high up on a chair, no where near the floor. The food was horrible, only Tokio food was great, everything else was disgusting, there were flies all over the buffets,birds were flying in and walking around near the bread in the Marlin rest., the utensils were filthy, the salt and pepper shakers had rusted tops, all the bathrooms in all the restaurants were backed up and stayed that way until we left. The staff that works there are nasty and rude. Everything was in Spanish, they also let the locals in on the weekends and cater to them, so forget about getting near any of the food, they are all on top of it, and the locals let their children swim in the pool in their underwear, I never went in the pool, it was gross. The three stores they have there are ridiculously expensive they are very money hungry. This was not a safe feeling hotel at all. We got no sleep at all, the doors on the rooms are all cracked and are paper thin, we just could not wait to go home. The best part of this place was the beach that is it, you can't order drinks with the staff because they do not understand what you are saying it is horrible.My husband and I went on the horse back riding excursion and they took us by horse through the back of the hotel through all the workers, through construction debris and garbage through the woods it stunk like urine to a path that led to the beach. Look I know this was a cheap vacation, but come on it was horrible. So please, please do not go. Do yourself a favor and go somewhere else but not here.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>DRlovers
<Content>We loved it       Our man JJ  
<Date>Nov 24, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DALERICA
<Content>Not That Good! We don't know if it was just Breezes or Punta Cana in general.The best thing about this property is the couples spa. The staff did not understand or speak English fluently so there was a language barrier all the time. The food was horrible at every restaurant we ate at - breakfast, lunch and dinner. There is a children's club, a rock climbing wall and a trapeeze school which are fun for the children. The property is nice however the rooms are not that great. The locals who present and sell the island's arts and crafts on property, we found to be very money hungry. If this property could just improve its staffing and food selections, maybe it wouldn't be that bad. For the money we spent, which could have been more pricey that usual since we went during the February break, you are better off visiting another more well-developed island.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Rick0909
<Content>A wonderful resort       Cook's Helper  
<Date>Nov 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Brenda08
<Content>Not A Good Idea to Stay HERE!!! This Hotel is highly over rated and I would not recommend staying here. I met a couple last week on an aircraft considering staying here and they begged me to go on this site and write about my experiences. The following are issues we had with the resort:* check in was disorganised, we wait 1 hour to get our room.* When we received our room there were no towels or face cloths we had to beg for these two items. * I originally booked the Hotel as a Breezes resort and it was classified as a 4 1/2 star and it is barely a three star. * The evening show is not worth attending * The rooms are old, the beds were hard and old, the room was also infested with ants. We were told after the infestation not too leave food in the room i.e. bars and candy. There is also a mold problem in the rooms. * Dinner reservations were made for us and when we tried to change it we were not accomadated - unless we lined up for an hour.The food was good and it is the only reason I'm giving this Hotel an okay rating. There are so many more beautiful hotels in this region do yourself a favour and pick another hotel.This hotel is good for a group of college students looking for a cheap holiday. Overall, I believe the Barcelo hotel is a cheap hotel. I would never go back there again.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2007
<Rating>2	1	1	2	1	1	2	1	

<Author>Haleh00
<Content>Great Place - Just stay AWAY from the casino! My boyfriend and I just returned from our trip to Punta Cana, where we stayed at the Barcelo Premium. Overall, we had a great experience and a wonderful time! Before I lose any of you, PLEASE please please do yourselves a favor and do not even go near this resorts casino! There is something very strange that goes on down there, and after speaking with many guests, everyone felt like there was something very strange and fishy with the casino and people who work there. We lost over a thousand dollars in a dumb game within a few minutes. Another couple lost three thousand in a few minutes. Almost everyone we spoke to lost a lot of money and had something to complain about with the casino. So STAY FAR FAR AWAY, very shady.Besides that, the check-in took us over an hour and half. They are very unorganized and they didn't have any rooms cleaned. So bring an extra bag of patience because you will need it! Our room was not ready and we ended up getting very very frustrated, to the point where we had to speak to the manager. Also, there is a lot of construction going on at the hotel, so be prepared to hear a lot of drilling and noise from early morning to evening time. I would request a room far from the construction area if possible. But honestly - we had a blast and such a great time regardless! We met many many nice people, including a lot of Dominicans working at the hotel. The pool and beach are awesome. The food is fab and there is always something to eat! The drinks, especially banana mamas are GREAT! Bring dollar bills and tip the bartenders, they will hook you up and give you special attention!Also, I would recommend bringing something little for the Dominican children. Especially if you are planning on doing an excursion or going out into the town. Something as simple as pencils and sharpeners, or crayons and coloring books. The children will run after you asking you for money, etc., and I found it nice that I had little gifts for all of them. Something as simple and little as a pencil made them smile, so it is well worth it!You will have a great time! Get involved w/ the entertainment staff and get to know the workers...they made our trip wonderful!JUST STAY FAR AWAY FROM THE CASINO- or you'll regret it.ciao!  
<Date>Nov 18, 2007
<Rating>3	5	3	3	4	1	5	5	

<Author>beachbum1982
<Content>Get your money worth! My boyfriend and i stayed at the Barcelo from the 1st of Nov. for 1 week. The only thing I wanted for this vacation was a great beach and blue ocean. And that is exactly what I got. I must say the Barcelo has the best beach then any other on the strip. The other hotels beaches were short and had tons of seaweed and little 'eggs' all over the beach they looked like clear balls with black things in it and they pop if stepped on. Yes so gross! But Barcelo's beach had none of that.Check in was fine. All the bad reviews on here that I have are obvioulsy written by miserable people who dont realise that your in pretty much a 3rd world country, and yes the food will be different and the water will not run like it does at home. You have to go with a good attitude! Your on vacation why bring a negative attitude.The room was clean, super clean the cleaning lady washes the floors everyday! the A/C worked too well we turned it off at night. When we booked we requested an ocean view and that is what we got...well it was looking over the pool and you could see the ocean but it was great.The food. I'm a huge picky eater and I always found something. I dont eat seafood but apparently the lobster was good. The food is nothing to write home about gets bland, and everything even the drinks consist of 90% sugar.The staff everywhere were super nice.Went on the Maranarium tour. It was fun they get everyone dancing. Swimming with the sharks and rays was cool but the snorkling well I'm useto Maui were you see like a million fish with colors and all the colorful coral, here it was rocks and only a couple of colorful fish. My b/f said the same when he went diving.Its a great place and you will get your moneys worth just go with an open mind and a good attitude andyou will be great.Word of advice get your picture with the monkey! I love mine!oh and Punta Cana is 90% Canadian vacationers!  
<Date>Nov 13, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>viking019
<Content>Great Staff       My wife and best friend  
<Date>Nov 9, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>spitlak
<Content>Amazing Deal for Pice! Boston, MA We booked on cheapCaribbean.com and what a deal! The pictures are what they seem. The rooms are very decent (i.e. Marriott like) we had pool view which was perfect. The beach and pool are amazing! Swim up bar with stools.....They do clean rooms everyday, just not at typical US rate, be patient you are in paradise! Resaturants had good variety, Tokio was the best! We didn't have to wait at all checking in, other times the reception area did seem busy but they are very accomodating. Be sure to bring some $1s, they are so eager to help and are working for tips! The staff really goes out of their way.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>odd76
<Content>Better impressions after changing the room*       view to left  
<Date>Nov 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	4	4	2	

<Author>sanddollor2
<Content>Great vacation for the money! Michigan We went through AppleVacations/Travel Agent. Found BPC for $549.99 a person AI.We stayed the week of Oct 14-21.2007.Flight was great,in  out of the airport fast.Onto the bus  on our way to the resort,about a 35min ride.Check in was pretty fast 10-15min total.Our room would be ready around 3pm.So we sat at the lobby bar1 nearest the pool  had a few drinks.Nice bar  great breeze! Love the coco locos! After a few drinks we went to the bathroon  changed to go check out the pool.Spent a few hrs at the pool  swim up bar.Very nice! Seemed to be some locals on vacation here,just a little busy.Found some good food at the outside buff  grill. Love the thin grilled pork chops!Beach bar is big  nice! The Beach is FAB!!! Soft beautiful sand,blue water  great waves! WE then went to get our room.We were given a nice room  we got the free upgrade we asked for.We were in building six,top floor in the middle.Great view of pool  ocean! We had a king bed  the room was very clean! A little musty smell,not bad.You are going to get that in a tropical location.I just used some febreeze on everything  gone.Room smelled great all week.Room was always cleaned by the time we got back to it around 5/530pm.Hot water for the shower is tricky.You need to run it for a few min like your going to take a bath,then pull the shower nob  ajust from there.We spent most evenings at lobby bar 1.Good drinks  people! Must try the latte coffees! Disco is kinda smelly,was better the 2cd time we went.The shows are fun.The staff can sure dance! Did not care for the casino,dont play the bingo! You will never win! The best entertainment was the 27 Columbian kids that came in for vacation! They were 18  19 yrs old. So full of energy  alot of fun! Very nice people.Spoke very good english! Every one liked them! We met so many great people,couples  staff!!We did not like the Marlin rest.Food was not good.Other people we spoke to had good food,so I think it was hit or miss.Loved the Tokiyo! Buffets were always good! The staff spoke pretty good english.No problems.We know a little spanish.Tip if you want.You dont have to,but they work so hard for so little! A few bucks here  there is cool!Could always find chairs at the pool  beach! On the weekends they do let many locals come in.That would be my only real fuss.They are rude  make a mess!! Kinda take over the place.Mostly were at the pool  buffets.Barcelo is adding on  renovating rooms on the N side. Did not affect us.I think that when they get all done, this place will get better ratings.Plus it will be even better! I would rate it now about a 3.75 star.If you can get a great deal then go! All in all a good trip! Just relax  have fun!  
<Date>Nov 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	5	3	

<Author>enjoyeachday
<Content>Beautiful beach!!!! We visited this resort for 7 days. We chose this resort because it was marketed to be child friendly. If you have children I would not recommend they stay up past 8:00 to see the entertainment. It was bizarre and wierd. Men were dressed as women . I just didn't get it. Flys were always at the buffett and sitting on the food. Service was a whatever attitude. Front desk does not understand a word you are saying. On the plus side...the beach is AWESOME!!!!I The beach is the most beautiful. This resort has a large beach with plenty of room. The water was beautiful blue and the sand was so pretty. We took a taxi to the resort from the airport. The drivers were all so very nice. I loved the airport. It had a tropical feel to it. I will go every year to punta cana but I don't think we will stay at this resort again. For some reason it was really hard to get washcloths. You may want to bring your own. Make sure you take a shower before everyone else does(no hot water). Take fabric softner sheets so your clothes will smell good. Take sunscreen and a hat.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	2	3	1	3	

<Author>FRF
<Content>Great place       Our room.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>MDgirl20
<Content>Had Alot Of Fun       Garden Fountain  
<Date>Oct 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	2	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>tronner
<Content>Awesome, Gotta do it! My trip to Barcelo Punta Cana was one that I will never forget. The vast majority of the staff speak and understand english quite well. You have to be patient with them, english is not their first language so they're obviously going to get confused every now and again. It also doesn't hurt to learn a few key words in Spanish in order to help them out, trust me they appreciate it. I didn't have a problem with the food when it came to the buffet, and the a la carte food was awesome. When you go away on a trip you are trying to get away from the ordinary so I enjoyed the dominican based food. We went on snorkeling and ATV excursions both of which were unreal. Got to see a lot of the country side and meet a lot of cool people, also got to see a lot of crazy fish when we were snorkeling. I did not feel that either of these excursions were overpriced, and if you feel that they are don't complain about it, try and cut a deal with them. Same goes for the merchants, you have to bargain with them. If they want you to pay 50 dollars for a beaded necklace then you bargain them down to 15 or 20, they'll work with you. The staff at the hotel did not make me feel obligated to tip them but I probably still dropped about $100 on tips just to show them that I appreciate their hard work. And it's not like they don't appreciate it either, they remember you and what your drinking. As for the TV, who cares how many channels are in English I didn't have time to count because I was in the Dominican, I didn't go there to watch TV, and if anybody does go there to watch TV then they are wasting their time and money. The entertainment was awesome, the guys and girls on the dance team were unreal dancers, these people also ran games, dance classes, etc. all day long and would go to the disco at night and rip up that dance floor their too. The water is the bluest I have ever seen and a lot of fun for boogy boarding. This was an awesome vacation, and I would definitely go back!  
<Date>Oct 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>linusblankie
<Content>Horrible Dont Do It! We went to Punta Cana for 10 days. Maybe for some people it would be an ok place to stay, but for my family we are use to cruises which is the only way to go!(so this could not compare!) The hotel was in the process of being remodeled so it was kind of a mess, things were stacked everwhere, our bathroom ceiling was leaking ( and we had a suite!) . No one there spoke any english so if god for bid any thing happened to you they have no idea how to help you. If you ask for a spoon you get a glass of juice! The food is VERY dominican based even in the buffet. The desserts are nasty and the fruit has no taste. The resort itself is not enclosed so birds and bugs are constantly flying in and landing all over the table and food. The excursions are way overpriced and so are the stores. They have vendors that come every tuesday and thursday and try to sell their beaded necklaces which they try to charge $50- way overpriced!!! Then if you say no they'll stalk you until you buy it so avoid them at all costs! If you go on an excursion, eat before and drink plenty of bottled water my dad passed out because it was so hot and there was nothing to eat. Also bring plenty of singles because you have to tip EVERYONE! The tv only gets about 5 channels in english and dont expect any entertainment the person that served you lunch will be the same person dancing for you later that night! The beach is pretty but the waves are brutal so unless you're an expert swimmer don't bother going in the ocean. In general this vacation stunk! I would recommend royal caribbean cruises all the way!  
<Date>Oct 26, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	2	2	1	1	2	

<Author>starmrs
<Content>Definetely worth the money       the pool area  
<Date>Oct 23, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	5	5	

<Author>he33y
<Content>great honeymoon!!!! would gladly go back       view from our room  
<Date>Oct 23, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	2	4	4	2	

<Author>HarleyWild
<Content>Great Time!       from our room  
<Date>Oct 14, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>RedSox28
<Content>Good Deal, Average Stay, Good Time Nonetheless       Tokio  
<Date>Oct 12, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	3	4	3	4	3	

<Author>Vacation_for_Lifee
<Content>What A Dump!!!!!!!!!!!! The hotel looked great on the website and the amenities sounded great, but the hotel is a total disaster. I say stay away from this resort :If you like your room cleaned before 3pm.If you like to use wash clothsIf you don't like roaches in the bathroomsIf you like HOT WATERIf you like good foodIf you don't like to have salad left out for hoursIf you like clean dishesIf you like clean towelsIf you like top shelf liquorIf you like to sleep and not hear the people in the other room.If you like to see the ocean view in your ocean view room (Not the trees)Yeah the price was good, but I can think of a lot of other places for the price.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2007
<Rating>1	3	1	4	1	4	2	-1	

<Author>mikejack99
<Content>Nice Place for the Price Aside from being shocked by the air conditioner controls while not wearing shoes, the room was nice, and cleaned daily. the floors are tile so if you don't have the air conditioning pumped the floor will be wet and slippery. DR is very humid so a lot of things are wet there unless air conditioned which would somewhat explain getting shocked by the air conditioning controls. all the rooms have a balcony which is nice, ours overlooked the pool which was huge and beautiful with a pool bar in the middle which was a lot of fun in the afternoon. we met a lot of nice people there. the room we had also had an ocean view which was nice, we could see the waves breaking way out from shore in the sea. the beach at this hotel is gorgeous, one of the best i have seen within walking distance of the hotel. we walked down the beach a ways past other hotels that were more expensive but their beach did not compare to ours. the waves were nice if you like to boogie board. i beleive there are other hotels further down in the bay area that hardly have any waves on the beach so it depends on your preference. we had a really nice time at this hotel. it wasn't 5 stars but for the price you cannot beat this hotel for all inclusive especically if you love the beach and pool scene. bring a raft and big insulated cups for them to make drinks for you in. the cups they give you are about 6oz cups for drinks and beers. bring snacks too, you will get sick of the food after a while and if you want a bag of chips get ready to spend $10, no joke. about $50 if you want to buy a raft there. also bring lots of small bills. they hold on to the american dollar like it is gold there. you will have a hard time getting change, only in pesos. bring lots of singles and fives and tens. also having exact change for everything is key, they will always tell you they can't give you change so that you will tell them to just keep it, seems to be the theme of the island.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2007
<Rating>2	4	2	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>calderonr
<Content>Stay away from this place. This was the vacation from hell!. The only good thing I have to say about this hotel is that the beach was indeed beautiful, but, the rest was from just downright horrible to bad. First, stop the merengue music!!!...If you think you will be able to take a nap in the room after a nice couple of hours at the beach, think again!..There was constant and loud (I mean really loud) merengue music and noice constantly from 10AM to 11PM. It was impossible to be in the room and watch TV or just take a nap!!..impossible!. We had a nice oceanview room but due the the constant loud music, we were forced to be out of the room until they finally shut up the music at 11PM every night. We came home even more tired than we got there. Apparently the hotel staff assumes that everyone wants to hear that merengue music (and by the way, the same music every day ..seems the DJ only had one CD) all day!...Wrong! We asked for a room change but the room they gave us was worse that the original one. The property is shaped as a horseshoe with the theater and the mega speakers right in the middle by the pool, so there is no escaping the noise. If you want a place to relax, dont stay here!..if you are looking to party all day and night, then fine. The food was OK..no fresh fruit juices...all from concentrate or powdered...Drinks were terrible!..they cant fix a daiquiri or margarita to save their lives!..they just mix whatever looks like what you are asking and thats it. We also got some kind of stomach virus there..diarrhea!!..Bottomline dont stay at this hotel. save yourself the agony and the staff could not care less.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	2	2	1	2	2	

<Author>Nickoj
<Content>Fantastic Holiday This is for all the Brits considering going to this hotel.................................GO!!. We had booked our holiday then I had read the bad reviews from mainly our American Cousins and was dreading it. Am I glad we did go ( I don't know what they want for their dollars). Firstly, the check in, this took 10 mins tops with a complimentry cocktail on arrival, we were very impressed with the hotel straight away, it looked very grand.Room - We were in Block 3 with an ocean view. We arrived at our room which was very clean and did smell slightly of damp, however after a few minutes you didn't notice it. The room was a bit dated, the odd chipped tile,but had a telly, iron etc. The maid/mini bar service was excellent, we tipped $10 at the start of the first week and again on the second week, which is a huge amount of money to the locals. The only down side for me as a light sleeper, is that the main buffet restaurant is located in Block 3 and the staff start work at 4:30am, which woke me most mornings, but my wife had no trouble sleeping through the noise.Food - On arrival we were allocated pre-booked reservations to all the restaurants and changed two of them later in the week without any trouble at all. Food quality/choice is very good, waiter/waitress service was excellent. If you are pleasant/friendly with them, they were great fun to be with. I did notice some people treating the waiters like thier own personal staff, so maybe this is why they complain about poor service!!.Bars - Bar service was again excellent, even at peak times we only waited a couple of minutes to be served. The cocktails were great and the measures were huge, named brands are also free.Resort - The facilities were great loads to do if you wanted, beech and pool were fab ( don't take beech towels, they are supplied free). I suggest you have a photo shoot, we did and got 65 professional quality photos for 130, you can buy as many as you want, plus you have a great time posing for them in the sea etc.Entertainment - The entertainment staff were fantastic, they are so full of energy all day/night long. The shows are good and professionaly done and didn't finish too late if you wanted an early night.I hope you find this helpful and enjoy your stay as much as we did.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>JerseyTraveler01
<Content>Employees need an attitude adjustment We checked in on Saturday, September 22 with great difficulty. There is no system for line control and everyone just was huddled around the counter. This was our first negative experience. We had the unfortunate luck of checking in along with many locals who were staying for the weekend. We were at the counter when the clerk ignored us and checked in the locals ahead of us. We had an upgrade to an ocean view and were told the room would be ready in 20 minutes. We had a drink at the lobby bar and were given drinks with no ice. After repeated trips to the counter, we finally got our room two hours later. When trying to get a drink or food, we felt invisible with all the locals getting served first. While waiting in line for shish-kabob, every local was served and when it came down to the last two shish-kabobs, I was standing there along with a local. The cook put both kabobs on the local's plate to my astonishment and left my plate empty. One of the grill cooks in the buffet burned my eggs on purpose and was grabbing his crotch while cooking them. Not every employee was this bad, but the few that were made the experience unpleasant. The shows were terrible and never started on time. The entertainment people often gave wrong information about the events.The resort itself was not bad - the rooms were clean and the ocean and pool were wonderful. The food was ok, the restaurants were adequate, nothing special.We chose this resort because we stayed at the Barcelo in Mexico and had a wonderful experience. It's a shame that the attitude of the employees in Punta Cana are damaging the reputation of the resort.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>capoeirafanDC
<Content>Definitely Going Back Don't listen to the negative reviews from others on here. After reading the reviews, I was pretty skeptical about even going. However, almost everything that was said is entirely UNTRUE. - The staff always greeted us with a smile - Check-In took, oh, I don't know,.....about 4 minutes!- Never had a power failure- A/C *always* worked- Rooms were immaculate A few points to take into consideration. Tipping and speaking Spanish go very far there. I gave the pool bar bartender (Maribel) 30 bucks, and I thought she was ready to come back home with us! And, if you make an honest attempt at speaking Spanish, it's appreciated. I was lucky enough to have my fiancee with me, and Spanish is her first language. Made all the difference! We stayed in Building 7, and had an ocean/pool view. The outside shows are right there, though, so if you are travelling with small children who need an early bedtime, might want to avoid the oceanview rooms, because the shows get pretty loud. One more point I would like to make known (which noone will tell you) I feel that there is a bit of a racket going on with the sale/export of Mamajuana (it's a drink there. Kindof their novelty thing) You can't get it through customs, unless you put Rum in it. When I got to customs, they told me it wouldn't pass, and I had to buy a bottle of rum at the airport, to fill the bottle up. Before I could even utter a word, the guy had a bottle of rum in his hand, and told me the cost. Just a little bit of Traveler Beware for you! Have a great time! I wish I was back there!!  
<Date>Sep 25, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>goldayao
<Content>Really really ALL IN !!       The end of the beach with a small hill and palm trees for this extra tropical feeling.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	4	3	3	

<Author>mrsringo
<Content>Our honeymoon we have just returned from our two week honeymoon at the Barcelo Premuim - and we had a fantastic honeymoon.we booked a late deal, so did not have time to research our hotel - but were very impressed with our entire holiday.the check in was a breeze, and our room (in the far end of block 5 had a fantastic view of the pool, swim up bar and the beach), was fairly average - but you don't fly for 9 hours for a nice bedroom - honeymoon or not!!the pool was incredible, and always plenty of sunbeds, the pool and surrounding area was always kept very clean, and we saw staff taking samples at least once every day to check the water.the service and food restaurants varied depending on what times you ate - we had our pre-booked al a carte meals at 6pm and the food and service were impeccable, but a few times we ate around 8pm when they were busier and the service suffered a little.we only used the buffet restaurant about 4 times for evening meals and there was always a good, varied selection on offer.the beach looks like a postcard! its very clean and always plenty of sunbeds available - some are on a slope though, so they are on a bit of a crazy angle!the staff were all very friendly, but they do tend to serve the locals before the tourists at the bars. the evening entertainment was a bit of a disapointment - but there is a casino and a night club so you can vary your evenings. the hotel is undergoing some building work - while they are trying to inprove the resort - but it hardly affected us.we did two excusions - the marinarium which was ok, and the dominican discovery mega trucks which was fantastic and excellent value for money - remember to take some sweets and stuff for the local kids - we took a football to the school and they loved it!all in all we had a fantastic time - and would recommend to anyone.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>3timesayear
<Content>Teppanyaki Cock roach racing mick  Beach location, fantastic. Pool, superb.If you want to lose weight,eat the food,4days on the toilet.If you like good entertainment , go to the teppanyaki restaurant ,while our food was being prepared , 2 cockroaches appeared and raced aroundthe edge of the hot plate which were then squashed by the chefs foot. rooms clean but smelly and very damp,staff very friendly apart from beach bar  
<Date>Sep 16, 2007
<Rating>2	3	1	4	3	3	2	-1	

<Author>irenev1
<Content>Great Vacation!       beach  
<Date>Sep 16, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	3	-1	

<Author>ParisNeophite
<Content>Maybe its gone downhill since the name change, but we liked it. We stayed at the Breezes Punta Cana in late December 2005 -January 2006 and enjoyed it , but not to say it was perfect.The GoodTransportation from the Airport was organised, check in was fairly efficient and before long we were in our spartan room overlooking the pool area.The mattresses were hard and it did smell a little musty but you get used to it.The food at the buffet restaurant was pretty good but repetitious themes - German, Italian, Mexican, German, Italian, Mexican, etc.The theme restaurants were very good however - French, Italian, Dominican and Japanese - although I felt ill after the Japanese meal. Plan on getting up early to book as they fill up fast.The beach was great with lots of room for everyone. And if you ignore the sunken debris; plastic bottles, cups, sunglasses, goggles etc, the water was quite nice.A warning to the puritanical, you'll find a lot of topless women here both young and old, this is not a bad thing. Kids quickly get used to it and you will to.You can also rent a catamaran, ATV's, take a helicopter tour or go parasailing among other services. Didn't use them so I can't comment if it was worth the money, seemed expensive to me.Note to Canadians, there is a way cool outdoor hockey rink with sticks and skates, albeit they're either worn out or broken. The rink surface is not ice - obviously - but you can put skates on or runners, and it's Hockey Night in the DR! Inside the hotel was a large shelf unit were people left newspapers, books, magazines from the world over to share them with others.The staff were very nice , despite the language barrier. Breezes claims this to be a tip free resort, but like it or not. it brings the extra service. Some people on this forum complained about staff being rude, perhaps these are the same people I observed treating staff like cattle, you get what you give. The not so goodWhile looking for the orientation session the day after arrival a seemingly nice employee offered to help us.Strangely he handed us a Mickey of harsh Dominican rum and started pressuring us to attend an information session, and then it dawned on us.Yep, he was one of those time share guys, so be aware.They lurk near the front entrance dressed in khaki, avoid eye contact and keep walking.The pool staff - while acknowledging they have a job to do - were annoying as hell doing the same damn theme with the same damn songs every day. It got old fast.Did they know some of those songs they played the lyrics weren't exactly family friendly?At night don't wander too far of the hotel via the beach or men with guns will strongly suggest you head back. I assume (hope) these guys are employed by the Hotel.The nightly shows were kind of corny song and dance stuff, not very well done but the spirit was there. And hey, isn't that the busboy from the buffet restaurant dancing out of step and mouthing the wrong lyrics at the end of the chorus line?Some people got their kicks torturing us by allowing their children to stage a musical with help from the staff. To anybody who is thinking of doing this please don't.According to my (then) five year old the Kids Camp was crap because the lady in charge sqaushed a little crab crossing the sidewalk which upset a number of kids.Maybe it's me but those tooth rotting sugary drinks were over the top, even my kids got sick of them.There is a feeling of isolation here, you can only swim so much,suntan, or walk along the beach for so long. Sometimes you got to go beyond the hotel gates. But besides other hotels behind large walls, there is really nothing else to see. The nearby towns are nothing to look at; crowded, polluted and full of aggressive merchants. There are a number of bus trips available outside the gates, in particular we had a blast on an 18 hour marathon trip to and from Santo Domingo, The driver and the tour guide were great and made the trip eventful The Dominican Republic and it's Capitol are beautiful but you also discover how poor this country and it's people are.Before arriving we considered renting a car to explore, until I saw how they drive. Dilapidated cars passing on the shoulder, vintage two stroke motorcycles driven by people with no helmets usually carrying children, crappy roads, and little signage to speak of. Seriously do not rent a car in this country.They laundry service was quite expensive so we opted to clean our clothes in the tub and hang them out to dry. Big mistake, as no amount of hanging will ever make them dry in this humid environment. Worst of all are the merchants selling overpriced trinkets on the hotel grounds, and almost anywhere tourists congregate. Be warned, if you're a women or a child they may not take no for an answer. Things you should knowI'll spare the usual list of toiletries to bring as we all know the drill on that.But, don't pay full price on anything from the merchants, too often I saw other guests paying full price without question. Why?Overall though a pretty good family oriented place and I would recommend going back despite the bad reviews.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>Betsy2123
<Content>Ignore the bad reviews, we had a GREAT time!       The Beach  
<Date>Sep 13, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>unhappy31
<Content>Worst Vacation ever! I just want to start by saying that my boyfriend and I are very easy going people, not hard to please. I few weeks before we left, I emailed the hotel and asked for a room with a ocean view and close to the pool. I wanted something special since we were having our two year aniversary. The problems started right off the bat. We went to check in at 11:30 along with about ten others from our bus. There was no direction at the front desk as to where you needed to go and to whom you needed to speak with. We waited in line for ten minutes only to be told we had to go other side of counter. Once we were finally given our room number, we were told to chack back in at two to see if it was done. We did a few things and we to see our room and at 12:30 the maid was going in to clean. We went back to the front desk an hour later and asked if room was done and was told no. By now we have been up and traveling 12 hours and were tired. We asked for another room and were told no and to check back in at three. We saw many other people check in and get their room right a way. By three I finally had to state that I know the room was clean, we saw her doing it at 12:30, at that point we finally got it.Once in the room, it wasn't much to have waited over three hours for. It smelled damp and musty. The light in the bathroom were falling out and the door was falling apart at the bottom. The room needed to be updated in a big way. We went to the Tokyo for dinner, great show but I got very sick half hour after dinner. I never had stomach and lower abdominal pain like I did that whole night. From that moment on we were both sick the WHOLE week. We could'nt keep anything. We didn't drink the water except the ice in our drinks.Besides from being very sick all we, the staff was very slow and not helpful. It was very hard to find a smile. Thursday night we throught we would try the Paris, we actually had good service (first time all week). Again, I was severly sick all night and thats when I saw the roachs. There were three I watched from my bed as they crawled along the floor. In the morning we speok to the maid about it and she had the room sprayed. After thay, the room smelled so bad. We asked for another and were told no, that the smell would be gone shortly.We finally decided to see the doctor after being sick for four days. He was nice but told us not to drink fluids but to go to his clinic if we have insurance to have an IV. We decided to pay the five dollars for gatorade to help replenish.OH, don't want to forget about the on going construction. They built an ugly wall arounf the mexican res. and the ampitheater and decided to take both down. That's all you heard all day long, was the bounding. Along with that were the working walking around and the load down trucks going around the pool area.After this an much more, we decided to call our agent and come home a few days early. Since we went through Apple, we had to use our rep at the hotel. We tried to find him from 8:30 to 10 to catch a 12:30 flight home but couldn't. We ended up having to make the best of it, sick as dogs for the next to days. e decided not to eat anything or drink anything but water and gaterade.We have traveled to alot of places and never been treated so badly or became so sick. I mentioned to the hotel in our survey to check their filtration system. We are going back to Apple with our photos of the bug, lights etc. to get our money back.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>FunPeople
<Content>Excellent beyond our expectations I must admit I was skeptical after all the bad reviews the week before our trip. We voiced our opinion beforehand to the hotel and were met with the nicest staff ever. I can honestly say it was one of the nicest places we ever stayed. Sandy was the best and so was Rosa. Our staff for cleaning was Maria - the best, in the buffet Angelo and Victoria were the greatest. We loved everything about the room, the pool, the beach, the meals and the entertainment. Drinks and food were great and we have been to many all inclusives. This is one of the few we would not hesitate to recommend and go back to. I am so glad I did not change our mind because of a few bad reviews. It was truly one of our best. We can honestly say it was better than we could have imagined. Thanks everyone. Take all the good comments on everyone's review and put together and that about sums it up. I miss it already and have the fondest of memories.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>junewaterbaby
<Content>Hated the Barcelo I decided to write my review while the experience was fresh on my mind. Just got back from the Barcelo Punta Cana in the Dominican Republic. The service was horrible and communication was impossible. If you don't speak Spanish or understand it you are in trouble. The bartenders in the pool bar all had very bad attitudes no matter how much money you tipped them. The conversion rate at the time was 33 to 1 so a $10-$15-$20 tip should have been awesome for them. It made no difference at all. The food was not very good either. The Tokyo restaurant was sweltering hot and the food was pretty salty, the Roma restaurant was our favorite, the fried eggplant was delicious and we ended up making reservations twice there. Do NOT eat at the Conuco restaurant. It is terrible and we ended up taking one bite of our entree' and leaving and going to the buffet. The one and only Mexican restaurant was closed and under construction (as were many things). The beach and water were both exquisite. The downside is that there isn't any type of refreshment area, you have to walk back up to the resort (which isn't far) to get water or anything to drink. The worse part is that there is always a line to stand in, a long line at that, and typically only 2 bartenders in a bar area that's about 100 ft long, go figure. The entertainment was entertaining and enjoyable. The floor, both inside and out was extremely slippery. We witnessed many people who fell and several who were injured rather severely from it, so be careful. Also, there is construction in progress at the resort, they don't tell you that. Many people complained because even at 8:30 in the evening the hammering and drilling was going on. It did not affect the manager at all, apparently they work on up into the night. So be sure your room is away from the construction area. The rooms were ok, nothing to write home about. At least the a/c worked. We will not go back to this resort. Apparently the RIU is the nicer of the resorts in the area so we may try that one if we do go back to Punta Cana.  
<Date>Sep 9, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mummice
<Content>Put your hands up in thr air We have just returned from Barcelo Premium Punta Cana and feel compelled to write a review asap, as the ones I read before I left filled me with dread!What a great holiday! The room was clean and had everything in it as per brochure. Had a little trouble with the shower but was sorted immediately once reported. The smell mentioned in previous reviews is down to the hot humid climate, which lets face it is why we all choose to go to Dom Rep in the first place.The food was absolutely fine, there was always at least 4 different meat/fish dishes to choose from plus the pasta station and the roasted meat counter. In addition to this there was always plenty of Paella, salad, cold meats soup and breads along with the rice, potatoe and vegetable dishes. The menu was repeated on a weekly basis, so if you choose the same thing each time I would imagine you could get bored, but that would be your choice not their fault!The Italian restaurant was ok but the Tokio restaurant was excellent.The entertainment was acceptable, but if you want Celine Dion or Tom Jones go to Vegas, you have to be realistic. The Dominicans love to dance and this was the basis of most of the shows. The daytime entertainment was a lot of fun and the Animation team worked very hard to keep everyone happy and entertained. Get ready for plenty of applause applause, clappy clappyThe beach is to die for! The sand is soft and powdery and looks like paradise on earth.Plenty of watersports and beach activities, the motorised activities were reasonably priced.You are also provided with a clean beach towel each day so don't fill your cases with towels you don't need.The indoor games are inclusive so you don't need to supply your kids with money to play pool or air hockey etc.To be expected the bars do get busy so choose yourself a waiter or barman, give them a small tip occasionally and you will be properly looked after. 100 pesos ($3) every now and then goes a long way.All the hotel staff are extremely friendly and jolly but English is not their first language so brush up on your spanish phrases. They have Spanish lessons at 10am every morning at the pool bar which come in handy.Drinks.. are plentiful, there are some international brands available, mainly whiskies and some vodkas, but all the rum is Dominican, after all rum and coffee is their speciality.Finally, do not under estimate the sun, the highest factor we took was 25, it was not enough and we had to buy some out there. This is not cheap.. around 10 for a small bottle, a LOT of people got burnt within the first few days so be very careful not to ruin your holiday before it starts.We had a lovely, lovely time and met some lovely lovely people, we will go back someday.Enjoy your holiday.......  
<Date>Sep 7, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>M0nalisa
<Content>A nice vacation Just came back from our stay at the Barcelo from August 26th to September 2nd. After reading all the reviews, I was a little bit aprehensive, but all went well. Check-in was very quick and we were in our room in a few minutes. The room was clean and we had a balcony with an ocean view without any extra fee. If you go there, send an e-mail a couple of days before your arrival (we did) and ask to be in builiding 7 (level 3 or 4), it's the best. We even booked our restaurant reservations via our e-mail. They met all our requests.The service was very good. We had new towels everyday, and soft drinks in the fridge. The beach was superb and since we went for a long walk and could compare the beaches, I would say that ours was the nicest compare to other resorts such as the Bahia Principe or the Riu.The food was relatively average but the beach made us forget about it. I would not hesitate to go back at this hotel!  
<Date>Sep 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>Mabo
<Content>Great resort for a cheap price!!!       Shot of the beach  
<Date>Sep 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	4	2	

<Author>LLM3
<Content>Alot better than the reviews made out. I must say that the reports i have found are not entirely accurate if you want to be really picky then you can find fault, but can you not with every hotel you visit. I am a hotelier myself, so understand what goes on and are probably more critical than most.None of the below are compliants jut observations: Swimming pool is lovely, however we found that our swimming costumes all came out yellow or green at the end of the Day. Be carefull on the saturday the locals seem to come in atmosphere feels a bit hostile.Beach is excellent white powdery sound, waves are quite strong though for little ones and weak swimmers. Although anybody whom can swim 50 metres or so can have endless amounts of fun.Restaurants can not be faulted, My daughter is a very picky eater so would not eat the restaurant food, and had to have the childrens menu, which only had chicken nuggets or fish fingers. However she stocked up at breakfast and lunch and ate plenty of fruit. Our favourite was Conuco Dominican rest.Hotel Staff, All the staff were helpfull the ones that stood out to us was Eddie on reception. restaurant staff, very patient lady whom taught me to dance, alberta the dancer. and the scuba diver teacher. I would definitely return anyway. Met some great people and had a great weeks Holiday. Anybody needs a friend to come along give me a shout?  
<Date>Sep 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>G4UXC
<Content>Were they at the same Hotel....?       Caught by a wave  
<Date>Sep 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	2	5	5	

<Author>AUTUMNSUN
<Content>Better late than never!       bedroom shot  
<Date>Aug 31, 2007
<Rating>3	4	1	5	2	3	2	-1	

<Author>MRS-PEEPS
<Content>Average but relaxing...       view from our room  
<Date>Aug 30, 2007
<Rating>3	2	3	5	2	1	3	3	

<Author>wandywoo
<Content>Please Don't Go I know this seems like a long time since we went to still be complaining about this hotel but I have beeen reading others reviews and we just could not hold it in any more. So it's been 6 months and we can now rationally tell you what is wrong with this hotel. (1) It's true what they say about reception it is shocking but does it really matter as it won't spoil your holiday.(2) The food is not up to 4 star standard and the a la carte is no better. The food in the main buffet restaurant is not covered and often cold unlike other all inclusives we have stayed at. This was a reamarkable difference in standards. Both of us suffered with our stomachs. I don't want to blame the food but we can't think of anything else that could have caused it and we were very very cautious of what we ate and drank.(3) Service was poor and sporadic even after tipping. Staff were rude and seemed to be gossiping in their own language. (4) Drinks were of poor quality.(5) Place is falling to pieces. having some knowledge of health and safety is not vital when there are open lift shafts with a piece of ply wood for a door. thank God we had no kids. I won't bore you with all the other structural deficiences. Just that you would gently touch things to make sure it was secure.The biggest problem was that we thought we were being overly picky and during the second week there was sudden upturn in service and quality of food. We initailly put this down to the fact that the hotel had only recently been taken over by Barcelo and the staff had had a kick up the behind. there was suddenly more managers around and staff were doing what they should be doing. By weird coincidence having snuck in to the games room (not allowed in during the day, as this is where the cleaners hide from their work) we were promptly told to leave by a manager, to be then promptly told to stay by another manager as an older gentleman wearing a rather expensive suit entered the room. Being slightly surprised by the turn of events we carried on with our game of pool. As the gentleman and other managers left my partner said to me doesn't he look like the guy on the front of the Barcelo brochure Hmmmmnnn what a surprise that the service then deteriorated again.We hope for all who travel to this hotel that it has improved but lets make this clear this is not 4 star and we would never go with Barcelo again.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>clairecat
<Content>Dont be put off by the reviews!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Firstly i am goning to start by a word of warning.... dont be put off by all the bad reviews on this site. It honestly is not that bad! We came to the Dominican Rep 3 years ago and stayed in a 4 star hotel in Sosua. We felt that it would be hard to beat out experience that we had but due to the fact that we brought a child with us this time we wanted a more family/beach holiday. The Rooms - If i am honest they are quite small for a family however they are always cleaned on time and to a good standard, one day the maid forgot our towels but when there is over 500 rooms i am prepared to let that go.. We did notice that the bottom floor in block 4 was being painted and upgraded and it would seem that the blocks of 7,6 and 5 had been done already. The food - This was great! We expected to have tummy issues as we did last time and to be expected none of us had any worries at ALL! Tokyo was very hot but to counteract that the food was wonderful! Even our 11 year old picky eater loved this place and we ate there 4 times during our stay (which we did have to que for a place) By the way if you do que and are told that there is no room, make sure you try a little harder sometimes they can get you in! One of the night was my partners birthday, i mentioned to guest services and at the Mexican we recieved a bottle of champayne, a whole birthday cake and a really extra special night! Pool / Beach - Both were lovely the beach did have the top award and the waves are fun! A word of warning dont have the hair brades on the complex if you walk a little way down the beach they are much cheaper. The entertainment was good and included children. As for limited clothed europeans.... I am 26 and did not feel the need to take my clothes off. Nor did i see any other europeans particulary more than anyone else who were topless??????? Odd comment really. Trips - We took the island tour which was very good but be warned its a long coach trip first..... 3HRS! The shark and sting ray swimming was a waste of money i would recomend something else. The monster truck was fantastic. As a teacher in the UK I was really excited about seeing the children and the schools, the trip was fun however was a little upsetting. The children loved it though! Last note - Please dont be put off by all the reviews. We were very close to cancelling our trip due to these reviews but we are so glad we never. After speaking to other families both british and canadian we felt that the reivews on this site were unfair. We have not got low standards and paid a large amount of money for this holiday and we all felt it was well worth it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Aug 28, 2007
<Rating>5	4	3	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>roamintraveller
<Content>Excellent, we want to go again!!! We have just returned from 2 weeks at Barcelo Premium and we had a great time. There's been a lot of comments about check in so I will start there. Yes there was a massive queue when we arrived for checking in, but what you have to remember is that there are other travel operators using the hotel and unfortunately for us 2 other companies had flight times similar to ours and we all descended on reception at the same time. So take swimming gear in your hand luggage and go for a swim while you wait, your bags will be looked after by the bellboys for a small tip. Once you get your room number they will take your bags to your room for you.The buffet restaurant (Alcazar) is clean and the food good. There are tongs to use and we liked the food so much we never ate anywhere else. A useful tip is to take plenty of $1 bills with you to tip, remember this is a place of poverty and $1 (approx 50p) means a lot to the people working in the hotel. Also once you get there you cannot get dollars for love or money but everyone takes pesos even if prices are in dollars. You can change travellers cheques at hotel reception but you may get charged and there is an ATM that gives pesos.Other useful tips:-For real Dominican coffee - Go to lobby bar 1 near the Alcazar restaurant.The pool/games room - if there are no pool balls, go to the sports bar as they keep them there.Traders - Haggle as much as you can, we used the 'that's all the money I have' technique to get some really good bargains. Also there is no such thing as browsing, if you wander over for a look it's hard to get away.For information about what's on - pick up a Barcelo news by the Guest Services desk.For a full fridge - pop a few dollars in the fridge. We left a list of what we wanted and sure enough it was left for us. Also take small gifts for the maid like travel size shampoo etcSuncream - Whatever you usually wear double it, we got badly burnt on day 2 just from messing about in the pool and we were using factor 30. We got some cream from the doctor which helped and was covered on our travel insurance.Beach Towels - Available as part of your all inclusive package so you don't need to take yours. Also all snorkelling equipment is provided on the excusrions and also available from the watersports place on the hotel beach along with boogie boards etc..Excursions:-Monster Truck Safari - Excellent day out, remember to take sweets/paper/pens/tioletries for the children they will be waiting at several stops along the way so always keep some back. Contrary to what's been posted the children do not grab and always say thank you. The only place where we were advised not to give things to the children directly was at the final stop where the poverty levels are high and the children tend to be a bit more pushy, so our tour guide gave them out for us instead. This is a really good chance to see the real Dom rep and to appreciate the high levels of poverty.Cat Cruising/Tropical Storm - A good trip. The snorkelling is excellent and is a good chance to unwind and take in the beautiful scenery. The crew are a great laugh and have some killer dance moves! Remember to take a high factor sun cream as we burnt using factor 30! Also take some money for souvenirs (DVD, photos etc) Remember to take an underwater camera as they'll charge you $30 on the boat. We were able to get cameras from our tour rep for $18 US.Mariniarium - A great chance to see nurse sharks and stingrays up close. The crew are really hyped up and are a great laugh and the relaxing swim in the clearwater pool is not to be missed especially the floating bar. Once again don't forget the underwater camera!Animal Adventure - Fantastic, we got to swim with a sea lion and even hold up a ring for it to jump through and we got a kiss!! We also got to snorkel with a nurse shark and hold one, feed it and tickle it's tummy. Our guide showed us where the fish were and we got some really good pictures. Again take an underwater camera as they're expensive if you buy them there. Also bear in mind that they take pictures of you which are worth getting but they are $10 each, alternatively you can buy half your photos and then get all of them on a CD for an additional $25 US so take plenty of cash (pesos also accepted)Speed Venture/Bavaro Splash - Wow ,wow, wow, it is one of the most scariest things I have ever done but it is great fun once you get the hang of it and the snorkelling is amazing. The guys give you bread and the fish eat out of your hand so don't forget the underwater camera. Also one of the guys films you (even under water) the DVD is approx $25 US but you can pay a deposit and pay the rest on collection (from the cigar shop at Barcelo Premium)Kontiki - This was a great afternoon. The crew are great fun and they go out of their way to give you a good time. It's not one for people who like to sit out as they get you up dancing. I was on my own with my son and we were really looked after. It's a great laugh. There is a DVD of the afternoon which again can be collected from the cigar shop at Barcelo Premium and is around $25 US but again you can pay a deposit on the day and the balance on collection. Also the snorkelling is great and the crew will dive down and take some great snorkelling shots with your camera if you ask.On the whole we found the Dominican people very friendly and they go out of their way to give you a good time. The beaches are out of this world and the snorkelling in Punta Cana is totally amazing. Barcelo is on a beautiful stretch of white sandy beach which is pure paradiseWe had a great time at the Barcelo Premium, we found plenty to eat (I'm a vegetarian). Our room wasn't the Ritz but it served it's purpose and yes the shower was a little unpredictable but bear in mind this is a country where the majority of people don't have electricity or running water. We found that if you treat the waiting staff with respect and give a tip where it's due you will be guaranteed excellent service, it's amazing how they remember what you drink. We never waited long with an empty glass as there was always another one there immediately. We had no problem with communicating with the hotel staff but it doesn't hurt to learn a few phrases as you are in a Spanish speaking country after all.One final note. Don't forget to keep an eye on excess baggage as they can be strict and charge $20 US per kg. I was over coming in and wasn't charged but was stung going out so make sure you have enough cash to cover it (dollars or pesos accepted). Also I was travelling with my son (14 yrs) alone and I was fine taking him into the country, as long as the same person takes a minor in and out of the country you don't need any specific paperwork. Also I got our tourist cards in advance from the Dominican Embassy in the UK, they take a week to arrive and save you loads of time on entering the country, more details are on their website.So go with an open mind, take lots of pictures sit back relax and enjoy. We can't wait to go back!!I hope you find this information useful and that it helps you enjoy your holiday.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2007
<Rating>5	4	3	5	4	3	4	4	

<Author>RimaPatel
<Content>Hotel From Helll!!!!!!!!! to whom it may concern: this letter is to give detail account of my horrible experience staying at the Barcelo Punta Cana in the Dominican Rep. the dates scheduled for my vacation were from Aug. 21st till the 28th, i am writing this letter from New York my home which is the result of me having to cut the my vacation short do to the rudeness, unhygienic and overall filthiness of this hotel. from the moment i walked into the hotel it took hours for the hotel receptionist to check me in to my room, while being completely obnoxious as to apposed to greeting a new guest with open arms. the room had mold and it had an urine oder to it, the safe was damaged and i requested for it to be changed or fixed every day that i was there but maintenance never showed up even though the hotel reception would scheduled and asked me to wait for them, what made it worse was the fact that reception would hang up on me. the bathroom had a leak in the faucets and the ceilings. no maintenance ever showed up to fix any of the hotel room problems while they would ask me to wait for some one in the room when this is spoused to be a vacation. the oder of the mattress and the pillows were so unbearable to the point that i laid out towels to even be able to lay down, there were insects from ants to water bugs that kept me up late at night scared. i asked for a change of room and was told that there was a waiting list!the food that this hotel provided for its guest was undercooked and tasted as if it was reheated from several days ago, the fruits were not fresh at all. on Thursday the 23rd i ate something that gave me food poisoning i was vomiting through out the night till the point that i could not hold any liquids in my stomach and of course there was no one from the hotel to assist me, thats when i had enough and called my husband to book a flight out of this hotel which i and many other guest feel was from hell! my husband and i had to now pay an extra $300.00 dollars to get a flight so that i can get home and receive proper medical attention.the result of all this is that i now had lost my vacation time from my job, $940.00 for a paid all inclusive dream resort vacation and a $300.00 early flight fee. in total i have lost time value and about $1,300.00 not including medical fees! i am outraged as to how Barcelo Punta Cana treated me as their guest and their services which were below standards of roadside motel, i must be reimbursed or given a credit for the above stated losses.Rima Patel  
<Date>Aug 27, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>aaley
<Content>Great beach but poor service hotel We stayed in Barcelo Punta Cana in August 11th to19th. We boght that vacation package from Apple Vacations through the agent.Everything went smooth-flight,transfer and ride to the hotel. But the front desk was incredibly incapable to do anything.There was a mess I have never seen in my long travel life-huge line with no movement forward, no fans above that line-only above front desk.It took us 2 hours to get to front desk and they told us to wait another hour becouse the room was not ready. So we got room around 6 PM. In fact, I saw same big line of travelers even late nights every day. What kind of service is this?We had a room with no water pressure in the shower. Water was just dripping from a shower but ran good from fauset.So we took shower using empty bottles from spring water-that was much better than go back to front desk. Our calls to get repair had no any result.Beach was really great,no seeweeds, very clean beautiful with warm water. Swimming pool is huge clean warm.There is always enogh shade for everyone.Food was OK, I would say average.I loved entertainment-shows were funny, they have good dancers, but too small theater so some people could not find a seat.Room service was very good but they always came in about 2 or 3 PM when we like to stay in.On the last day after checkout which took us almost 2 hours again we discover that hurricane Dean came near and all flights were cancelled.We were lucky to have Apple representative Petra who stayed with us whole day giving us information and even gave us free room to stay untill we got picked up.Thanks a lot Petra.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	4	1	4	4	

<Author>meiklejohn
<Content>Dont go here Barcelo Punta cana Aka breezes This is not the place to go if you have been anywhere in caribbean before the food is terrible service sucks hotel stinks smells like a wet dirty sock people dont understand anything you are saying I read reveiws before I left and where saying some bad things about the hotel please take my word this place place sucks looks good in pictures and looks nice there but thats all if your ready for wet sock smell terrible food and service this is your place there august 15-19 for birthday everybody american thats all you heard was how bad it was same complaints I am sticking with Cruises the people who say this place is ok must have never been anywhere else to compare this to dont waste ya money  
<Date>Aug 22, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>drunknmonkey
<Content>Just Back!!, missed Dean by that much!!!       Beach August 2007  
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>Honeymooner5546
<Content>May be Cheap and 4 star - Not worth it! My husband and I went to this resort for our honeymoon. We stayed for 2 weeks. They have a very nice pool and GREAT beach. The beach is very large, but they did not provide enough lawn chairs and also never had enough towels. We have never travelled anywhere before and we thought it would be better to go to a less expensive resort for 2 weeks, we were wrong! By the time the 2 weeks was over we were dying to go home! They do not provide enough included activities to keep you busy. The entertainment was dull - the man by the pool everyday was just annoying. They blast the same song every morning and it wakes you up! they literally play the same 3 songs for 4 hours a day every day, I am not exageratting! The food was absouloutly terrible! There was lots of selection but it was boring, tasteless, and made your stomach hurt. I found some of the people nice, but most just ignore you. The merchants they allow in every other day are the most uncomfortable experience. The hound you and lie to you to try to get you to buy things from them. NEVER pay full price for anything, not even half, they amount they ask you for is just insane! The towel situation is ridiculas, never a clean towel - EVER! the maid only changed our bedding once, it gets very damp there so the sheets and blankets stink. Also the ATM was NEVER working! make sure you bring your own american money as most places only accept american anyways. No need for pecos. You would have to get up at 6 am just to get some money. They also will rip you off anyway they can, watch your change! This is definatly NOT a four star resort, Im not sure how they rate resorts but they are way off with this one. This is in my opinion a 2 or 3 star. You may think your getting a deal like us but your not! This year we will try Sandals. Tubing was fun, so was horseback riding and scuba diving, but in my opinion these activities were VERY overpriced!Please dont choose this resort. I am not a negative person, it takes a lot to dissatisfy me. I went with the expectations of a four star resort . I am so dissapointed because this was my honeymoon. Next time I will not cheap out.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2007
<Rating>2	1	2	3	2	2	1	1	

<Author>Sarina40
<Content>Have money to waiste, go right ahead book Barcele Punta Cana For start, if you don't speak spanish forget it, thank God my husband did, he had to help a lot of people. Start with check-in you need a lot of patient, once you're in good than the room oh!boy old, smelly, tv don't work or remote don't work suppose to be satellite every channel except for one are in spanish, have to ask for water and pop even if you fill out the card, TOWELS!!!! bring your own bc you won't be able to shower there's noTOWELS, if you bring your own hide them they might take it, they did with my facecloths, iron does'nt work hairdryer forget it soap and shampoo you have to by it, in two weeks i was there i had to wash around the tub,wipe the mirrors,not that i'm expecting to be clean after but when you go on vacation you don't want to have to clean, (THAT'S WHY IT'S CALL A VACATION) if you don't tip you get no service including bars and buffet, they all have an attitude, it's dirty, extremely dirty, if you like to eat food with your salt BINGO!!!!that's the place to go.Toronto Canada  
<Date>Aug 15, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jenny8117
<Content>Very picky and still loved it! OK, Im going to give you a very honest review. I was worried after reading all the reviews for this hotel and am pretty picky! I am 25 and my boyfriend is 27. We stayed for 7 nights in early August.I have only stayed at higher rated resorts in the past and we wanted a cheaper vacation this time. Punta Cana seemed beautiful and this hotel had the best deal that I could find.When we arrived at the hotel, we were told that we could only get into our room at 3pm. This is not the case. If you take your bags outside to the waiting area, give one of the guys standing there 2 dollars and they will go see if your room is ready! Ours was ready at 11am, so he took us right up. We stayed in building 7 on the 3rd floor with an ocean view and a king size bed. ( we did not pay extra, but I did hear ahead of time that building 7 is the way to go. I e-mailed the hotel and they granted the request!). The room is smaller than most 5 star hotels but very clean and the bed was a lot more comfortable than the ROCK HARD beds I have seen in the past! The hot water is a problem some days but you can either wait a little while for it to turn back on, or just say heck with it! Later up with soap and just jump in to rinse off :) After 7 days of my shoulders blistering from the heat, cooler water is not too much of a problem. The maids cleaned our room everyday and always left us plenty of towels. I dont know if the maids are better in building 7 or not but nobody we talked to had a problem with towels. I did not see ONE cockroach the entire stay, and I saw TONS at other nicer hotels. Each room has a balcony which is nice. You should probably bring earplugs, however, because I am a light sleeper and the walls to the outside are pretty thin. You can hear people talking in the hallways.The beach is the nicest I have ever seen. There was just enough waves to have a little fun with rafts and boogie boards, but not enough to knock you over completely when you try to get in the ocean! My boyfriend and I walked about an hour down the beach to the many nicer hotels and found that their beaches were poor compared to ours. The pool is big and warm, which we didnt go in too much because Im not a huge fan of warm pools. It was beautiful though. It was big and bot too crowded when you step away from the pool bar. You are also allowed to take rafts in.Food there is like all all inclusives. There is a large selection so if you dont like one thing, try something else! I wasnt a huge fan of the buffet, but we got to eat at the a la carts 5 nights out of 7. I liked the Tokyo the best (yum yum) and my boyfriend liked Roma and El Sombrero. The only one we didnt care for was Paris, because they food was VERY cheap and strange tasting. In my opinion, this hotel had the best a la cart restaraunts I have seen in a hotel. They try very hard and there are 6 of them! The service here was also a lot quicker than other hotels. This place was a lot better as far as restaraunts are concerned.Shows are a little strange but it definitely gives you something to do. It was almost more fun making fun of some of the shows than having them perform well! Sometimes you couldnt tell if the performer was a man or woman and this was always fun to argue about :) I felt like I was at a 6th grade dance recital. I would definitely go to the shows though because its nice to sit and relax ( and have a laugh) after a hot day in the sun.I was also surprised about the disco, which was a lot bigger than many other hotels discos. People were always dancing and it was fun to hang out there for a while a few nights. There is definitely enough to do at the hotel so that you dont have to leave, but they do offer some nights out that take you to other bars. We didnt do this because we were so tired and it was nice to sit in the lobby and have a drink with a flavored cigar from the cigar shop! :)We did one excursion, and it was the Marinarium. I think that if you like snorkeling, this is a good one to try. You take a party boat with drinks and food out to the place to snorkel. You see coral, and even swim with nurse sharks and rays! It was a half day and was worth it.The service was good and there wasnt a problem. Many reviews say that people seem angry which just isnt the case. They are not AS friendly as other people I have seen at hotels but still nice and they get your drinks fast. Still nicer than most Americans at bars I have been to! And they really dont expect tips. We did give tips to people that were extremely friendly.I would definitely come back to this hotel because of the location and everything there was to do. We did not get bored and I dont think you can find such a good deal anywhere else! I would recommend it and you can definitely e-mail me if you have questions!  
<Date>Aug 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>tianna1225
<Content>Great experience and a lot of fun at Barcelo! My boyfriend and I stayed for a week at this resort from Aug 6-13th and we had a great time! I was honestly a bit nervous about booking this resort at first since I read so many mixed reviews about the resort. Keep in mind people's opinions depend on their previous experiences from other resorts (this was our first time at an all-inclusive), their expectations, and how much research was done before going. Here's the lowdown about the resort:The hotel service: service in general was pretty slow at the hotel because it was just so busy here. I knew check-in would take a long time (from previous reviews), so I made sure to get to the hotel asap- a seat at the front of the shuttle bus really helped so it only took a few minutes to check-in. However, our room was not ready until 2 hours after we got there (we got there at 2pm, and got in our room around 4pm, but check-in time was 3pm anyhow). They gave us our wrist bands though so we were able to go eat, walk around and explore the hotel grounds while our luggage was taken care of by the bellboy. Hotel Room: Our hotel room was kept well- everything worked (safe, showers, A/C, fridge), tv surprisingly had some 70 channels too! However, we did hear from some other people that they had a horrible room with broken shower heads, no A/C, 15 tv channels etc. TIP: request a room in one of the newer blocks. I requested to be in block #7- the newest block of the hotel. It goes from block 1-7, the higher numbers being the newest additions. Room service for us came around 10-12pm everyday- again, depends on location/tipping i think. We always got our fridge restocked, new towels, and our beds were done nicely with blankets folded in a nice design and flower petals on our bed everyday. We tipped the maid $3 U.S/day though and I know people who tipped less definitely did not get as good service as we did!Food/Dining: the main buffet restaurant (Alcazar) is just what you'd expect from a buffet restaurant! It doesn't have the greatest food, but there are some good dishes there and a good variety. There's a small section for kid's foods, and healthy eating too. There is always a variety of salads, pastries, fresh bread, and the pastas are quite popular for dinner since they are made for you hot and however you like it. We had dinner at Alcazar 3 times during the 7 nights, and 4 nights at a la carte restaurants. We had 3 guaranteed reservations for the a la carte restaurants which were made for us in advance. You can make additional reservations the day of, but when i was there, they only had 1 restaurant available with crappy times (really early or really late), and you have to go at 9am to book it because the line-ups for these are long and the spots go quickly. BUT definitely, the a la carte restaurants are worth the effort to go to. I went to Tokio (japanese) twice, Roma (italian) once, and Marlin (seafood/steak) once. These 3 restaurants were great! I have also read and heard from other people that these 3 were the best restaurants there. I didn't hear very good things about Paris (french), El Sombrero (mexican), or El Conuco (dominican) though. Tokio was my favourite meal, but it's really hot in there so don't go there all dressed up because you will definitely need to shower after. The Beef tenderloin dish and tiramisu dessert at Roma were delicious. At Marlin (the beachside grill), the lobster, and pork ribs were really good- for dessert, the apple strudel and cheesecake were the best, but not the banana one. Marlin is also good for breakfast (same foods as Alcazar for breakfast i.e. omelettes, but a lot less busy there), and lunch (bbq/grilled foods, burgers).Activities/Entertainment: there were nightly theme shows that were quite entertaining especially if you like music and dancing. They also have games with the audience that are pretty hilarious. There is a lot to do at the resort during the day too- there are always dance lessons daily, some sort of organized exercise activity (i.e. water aerobics), and games (i.e. water polo, volleyball). There is a game room (i.e. ping pong, pool, fuzeball, air hockey), equipment you can use for water sports (i.e. boogie boards, banana boat) , a gym (small, outdoors, no A/C), rock climbing, a trapeze, and a GORGEOUS, spacious pool!! The beach is also amazing! It is the nicest part of the beach compared to other resorts (cleanest, nothing washed up), white soft sand. If you want to go outside of the resort, there are several good excursions. We went to Catalina Island (catamaran ride to the island, snorkelling there, horseback riding), and the crazy wheels (4-wheeler) excursions. The former was a full day and the catalina island part was the best...the rest of the day was really rushed and tiring. The 4-wheeler excursion was fun too, but be ready to get really dirty. Our other friends went to Saona Island and enjoyed it a lot too. Other/things to bring: extra bottle of sunscreen, insect repellant, any medications you might need (for headaches, diarrhea, stomach aches, cough/cold, allergy etc) because it will be extremely expensive if you had to buy these at the resort!Overall, I would go back to this resort. It's great for families and couples, but not as much for single people who are looking to party a lot. Their disco and casino are pretty lame. Also, if you are looking for really great, fast service, this isn't the place for that. If you are looking to just enjoy the beach, the pool, and have some fun, then this is the resort to come to!  
<Date>Aug 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	2	3	-1	

<Author>texasgal71
<Content>Great Trip for the Money We visited from Aug. 3-9 and everything was great. Easy check -in, came with 2 meal reservations. Ask for information- they don't give it - ask for map of resort. Room was fine and well cleaned everyday. (we did leave treats for the maid)  The beach was better and cleaner than FL or Cancun. Americans don't be shocked by European swim attire or lack of attire. They seemed much more laid back and more respectful than Americans (sad to say it's true).  The rock climbing and trapeze were really fun, even at 36. Overall this resort was laid back and somewhat quiet, which we found refreshing. If you want real excitement there are excursions- we recommend the Jurassic Buggies. It was dune buggies, horseback riding, swimming in a small cave and jont to the ocean. Great fun for $120US (per couple) We also snorkelled with the hotel but it was a rough ride out the reef and the surf was rough. I'd take my own gear next time too. The food was really good to us. Tokio was HOT, the air wasn't working but Conucan and Roma were delicious and had great atmosphere. (we recommend the lobster and traditional stew) The drinks were good too. Hubby said the Mama Juana (their natioanl drink) tasted like Nyquol- but I guess a lot of people like Nyquol. The only thing that was a bother was waiting every morning for a specialty resteraunt. We never got into the El Marlin which we asked for every time. The buffet was great but we still were disappointed we didn't get into all the resteraunts.  Overall we had a great time and it was a really good value.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>LauraA15
<Content>Great time w/family, horrible time w/hotel  I'm glad I have such a great time with my family no matter where I'm at, cause this place was one thing after another. When I checked in at 7pm, I notice that the cable was broken, the back door lock was broken (and I had a 1 year old child w/me), the toilet was broken (you had to put your arm in elbow deep into the tank to flush it every time you used it) and best of all the A/C was broken. I made the front desk aware of the problems that night and waited. I had called them to remind them that morning that no one had come yet and twenty-four hours later, the problem hadn't even been looked at. They finally had to switch my room only because I insisted. I think the front desk manager wanted to leave me there. The pool bar staff a.k.a. Manuela had the personality of a laxative. If she was polite or smiled once I think it would have been to much. Wasn't just with me, but everyone. I tried tipping her my first two times (tipping is not required) but soon realized that her crudeness didn't deserve a dime. The rest of the wait staff was pretty much a give and take, some good some bad. The beach was gorgeous and the food was O.K. The is not one of those resorts that someone would say,I want to return here. We will definitly be looking elsewhere in Punta Cana when we return next year.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2007
<Rating>1	2	1	5	4	2	2	-1	

<Author>smifty
<Content>No way 4* ! Stay somewhere else.       Dangerous hairdryer.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	3	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>pauline55
<Content>Hotel from Hell we arrived at the barcelo punta cana and began to get excited because the hotel was very pristine on the exterior. however the nightmare began on check-in. we did not get a room key for five hours, even though we were told to return to the desk at 30 minute intervals. we tried to make the best of the situation by having lunch at the buffet restaurant, where we discovered that the food was not good quality, and by trying to get beach towels for the entire 5 hours. finally, we received our key. when we entered the room, which was in building 7 on the 3rd floor, we were greeted by this horrendous smell of mold and mustiness. i immediately called down to the front desk to advise them and was told that housekeeping would be there momentarily to address the problem. well needless to say that the smell remained the entire time of our stay, despite the constant air freshener smell that housekeeping tried to mask it with. also, the room was very shoddy and mold was evident under the bedroom mats and around the ceiling and tile grout. service was terrible. when you were able to find someone that spoke english, everything under the sun was promised, but nothing was ever delivered. not a working tv, not the correct amount of towels, not a cleaner, fresh smelling room, not daily beach towels, not fruit that was not covered with flies, and not poor quality food that was not laden with loads of salt. nothing was delivered. and even though i complained to 5 managers and got five excuses and promises to address my complaints, i received nothing. so, if you enjoy vacationing at a hotel from hell, then by all means barcelo punta cana is the place for you. by the way, we tried to change hotels, but after being told by our vacation rep, who had an office at the hotel, that the request had to be submitted, reviewed, and authorized over a period of four to five days, we had no choice but to stay.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>Ravenswng
<Content>Descriptive review - lots of good, some so-so       Swim-up bar with cute bridge  
<Date>Aug 7, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	4	5	4	3	4	

<Author>rastermaster
<Content>2nd trip to Punta Cana and we stayed here. This is my review of our stay at Barcelo Punta Cana from July 21st to July 28th 2007. It is important to mention that this is our 2nd consecutive trip to the Dominican Republic so we do have something to compare it to. We stayed at Melia Caribe last year. We traveled this time around with another couple and we are all aged between 30 and 40. Lets break it down.CHECK-IN is a complete nightmare. I just don get if it the fact that they put complete morons behind the counter or it just the way they operate but from the day we got there to the day we left, all I saw from morning to night was aggravated people in line waiting to be served for their rooms or whatever other reason they were there. Bring your bathing suit in your handbag so you can change and hit the pool cause you will wait a long time for your room when you get there. SCORE: 1/5The ROOMS are ok. I was disappointed with the constant smell of humidity though. I don know if it has anything to do with our location (2nd floor, section 7) but after a day, all our clothes, sheets and pillows had that smell. On the other hand, the rooms were cleaned daily with clean sheets and towels and the floors washed. Tip daily 1 or 2 dollars. You can also leave for the maids small Dollar Store gifts like cosmetics, nylons, beauty products etc. and stuff for kids like toys, crayons and coloring books. You can also leave a small tip in the fridge fro extra beers or a mickey of Rum. SCORE: 2.5/5The POOL is very nice and big with lots of chairs all around and music and animation all day. A fun place to retire after a long day on the beach. SCORE: 4/5The RESTAURANTS are ok. We actually found the buffet better than some. The Japanese restaurant was good but blazing hot inside. Also, you cant reserve from your room. You have to show up at 9:00 am at the front desk to reserve but again, because of the monkeys behind the counter, good reservation time and availability can be hard to get. SCORE: 3/5The BEACH is definitely the main attraction of this resort. Cool and clean white sand, lots of chairs and huts for the sun, beautiful clear water with nice waves which can get pretty big. Take a walk to the left of the resort and take a dip in front of the new resort under construction for nice waves and crystal water, just beautiful. BTW, does anyone know what the new resort will be?? SCORE: 5/5The STAFF is friendly and work very hard for very little money. Although I speak but a few words of Spanish, communication was not a problem. Most of the staff talks ok English but take the time to learn a few key words before leaving, they will appreciate the effort. Hola, servesa and cuba libr were my 3 favorites. Bring a stack of American dollars for tip, I brought 30 which was plenty for 1 week. After a few tips, Bartenders and waiters will recognize you and get you anything you need. Smiles, quick service, drinks and food all done very well. SCORE: 4/5There also a nightly show, a casino, disco etc. but these things weren for us so no comment on that. We rather enjoyed some good conversation and drinks in the main lobby after dinner. Theres also a bunch of activities and trips you could do but for 100$ Saona is incredible. Do it, I mean it, you will never forget it and the color of the water is breathtaking?do it!!So there you have it. There probably alot more I could add but Il let you discover that for yourself. Although the beach is beautiful and we had a pleasant stay, I don think I would return to Barcelo just because Ie seen better at the Melia last year. We intend on going big for our next trip to the DR and try either Samana, Paradisius or Cap Cana.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	1	3	-1	

<Author>YoungTraveller21
<Content>Everything that could go WRONG did !!! PART 2 I already submitted a review, but after reading some more reviews I thought I should elaborate on my trip. First of all, considering my friend and I arrived on our own, without a group of people, for example like when you arrive on a bus ( which i have done at all the other resorts I visited) our check-in took at least 45 minutes. This was a trip booked in April (our trip took place June 24 to July 1). Fancy drinks do not make up for their lack of organization and intentions to work. The room we actually booked for was given to someone else, so we were put somewhere else. I would say that they took advantage that we were to young girls ( 20  21 ) and could careless about our accomodations. Our room was in building #1, and I think we were the only ones staying on that side of the resort. Why, you ask? Probably because there was no hot water, thats if there was water to begin with and because there was literally a dump on that side of the resort, and it smelled horrible!!! After countless number of phone calls to the front desk, we gave up. They simply don't care and have no intentions to work. They said they would put us in the room we were originally supposed to be in the next day, so we figured we could survive 1 night. Not suprisingly, when we went to switch rooms they told us that the people who were staying in that room decided to stay another week. Hmmmm, ok, but we told them we could not stay in that room another night and still wanted to switch. So they took us to a room that was newly finished and they were sure we would be completely satified. So there we were, in our new room. Little did we know, one night there was a tropical storm. Very close to being a hurricane. Chairs were flying, glasses were breaking, plantpots were breaking, pretty scary. And our room was flooded. There was water in the bathroom, in the living room (thank god we had one), and part of our bedroom. And when i say flooded, i mean it was like the little kids' pool at the resort. And might i add that we were on the 4th floor. Well, the next night came the blackout and it was just as eventful. I would say our entire stay had its ups and downs. Mostly downs.Another major disappointment is the sexual harassment we experienced during our stay from the male staff. The sexual inneundos, and comments we received made us extremly uncomfortable. We eventually got to a point where we were just got sick of it and grew angry. They have no respect for women. So we began to treat them with the same respect they were showing us. In summary:-staff is 100% lazy and have no intentions to work-male staff have no RESPECTWe were VIP and it seemed more like VUP (very unimportant person). We're not asking for much, I've been to many other resorts, didnt stay as VIP and received much better service. Having access to timeshares, we decided to stay at this resort. However, they didnt accomodate us at all. And it wasn't cheap. Like i said, they took advantage that we were 2 young girls travelling alone.However, knowing various people who stayed at this resort in the past (including my friend, who stayed 5 times before ) I wonder if the change of management has anything to do with it. I have stayed at Superclub Breezes in Cuba and it was great. Although the Barcelo chain of resorts is big, this particular resort is in desperate need of improvement.If i can be of any help to anyone planning to go here please don't hesistate to contact me. Everyone deserves the best from their vacation and if Barcelo can't give that, then go somewhere that can.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CeceDN
<Content>Room for improvement, but overall enjoyable I went to Barcelo from July 28 - August 4 with a friend. Overall, we had a nice trip, but did run into a few snags.First of all, I had made arrangements through the resort for transportation via email. I was given a confirmation number and was told that there would be someone there with a sign with my name on it. They never showed up. So after being shuffled from through about 3 different people at the gate, someone shoved us into a taxi with someone who did not speak any English AT ALL. Luckily another family rode with us and the husband spoke enough spanish to confirm we were going to the right resort. Let me advise you, if at all possible, AVOID THE TAXI's! That was the scariest ride of my life.Check in: Pretty quick. We did not arrive with a tour, so the line was not that long. We did have to wait on our room to finish being cleaned, but we got there around 2:30, and check in was 4:00. So, no complaints there.Room: We were put in a suite in building 7, which I was told had been recently remodeled. I don't think my standards are all that high, but I was disappointed. The ceiling in the bathroom was warped and sinking. Some of the fixtures had rust on them. On Wednesday, I noticed that after about 3 minutes in the shower, a foul odor that smelled like sewage was seeping up through the drain. And to top things off, a middle of the night bathroom trip was interrupted by a light fixture crashing to the counter and onto the floor with glass shattering everywhere. Maintenance came to fix it, and the glass was not replaced, he just reattached the metal ring around the light. Our air condition definitely could have been colder. We had it set on the lowest temperature and still couldn't get comfortable. We also had issues with the lock on the door into the room. It wouldn't lock properly and we had to jiggle it everytime we left the room. I mentioned it to the maintenance man who came to fix the light, but he just left it. I later mentioned it to guest services and they were suppose to send someone up, and never did. We decided on Tuesday that we would just deal with it. The rooms are the main problem. There is definite room for improvement.Food: Not exceptional, but we could always find something to eat. The grill hut by the Marlin was good. Mornings, you can have made to order omelets and in the afternoon, you have a choice of pork chops (AWESOME), burgers or kabobs. We only were able to get reservations at 2 A La Cartes. The pre-arranged reservations done by the resort were for late in the evening....9:00 p.m., so we ended up eating at the Alcazar buffet most nights. On Monday we ate at Tokio. The food was amazing, but dress for heat. There is no air condition and the heat was so bad that a girl at our table almost passed out and her family had to leave the restaurant before they could even order. Roma. We had an 9:00 reservation, didn't eat until almost 10:00 and not the best Italian I've eaten. I ordered the Lasagna and only ate a couple bites. My friend ordered a pasta dish with lobster and she said it had a funny taste as well. Now as far as the Alcazar. Most of the staff was nice, had a few that were rude. Look for Hipolito. He is a young man with swet personality and a great smile. (we called him smiley) You also must check out the pasta bar. It was better to me than the pasta at ROMA.Bars: Best one was the Lobby bar near the Aphitheater and Paris Restaurant. Ask Sander to make you a Dominican Flag. Best drink we had all week. The bartenders at this bar were the friendliest and made the best drinks. We didn't go to the swim up bar because we spent all week on the beach. It sounded like the people there were having a great time with some games so I'd check it out. The bar in the back of the Marlin wasn't that good. Drinks were bad and bartenders at lunch were not friendly AT ALL. Night time staff was much better. My advice, if you want reservations at the A La Cartes, get to the front desk very early. We tried between 8:30 and 9:00 and most were already booked up.BEACH: Absolutely the most gorgeous I've seen. We spent everyday there. I had read that it was hard to find a hut, but we never had a problem and we usually got to the beach between 8:00 and 9:00. The water is so clear and the prettiest shade of blueish-green.Pool and Grounds: Very nice. The guys working the towel bar were always nice and greeted you with a smile.Activities: A lot to choose from. We went Parasailing one day. A definite thing to try. Amazing!!!!!! Although, for $40 USD, I would like to have been able to stay a little longer. But I have no regrets. We also went to the spa for facials and massages. I absolutely recommend that.Entertainment: We didn't participate in the daytime activiites, but the evening shows were enjoyable. We saw an African show, An International Musical/Dance show, and a Fever night which was a tribute to the 70's and disco. The rendition of the Village People singing Macho Man was Hilarious. We wanted to see the circus, but that was the night that we went to Roma and missed out. I suggest watching. You will most likely meet a very tall guy who is involved in the entertainment named Jean Claudio. GREAT GUY!! Overall, we had a nice trip. It is what you make of it. For the most part, the staff was pretty friendly. Yes, there were some rude employees, but I've gotten that here in the states as well. I don't think that I would go back to this resort, but it will probably be a long time before I go back to Punta Cana. I can only afford one trip a year, and I want to explore other places.Biggest recommendation: Know some spanish. We didn't and had some problems communicating.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	4	2	3	3	3	

<Author>sss123
<Content>Great place We stayed at the Barcelo Punta Cana from Jun 29 - Jul 6. It's one hotel split up into different buildings but all connected. We had kids of all ages a teenager (almost adult) , an almost teenager (12) and a preschooler and my husband and myself. The resort is wonderful. When I read the reviews, I was sort of nervous but we had no problems at all. Rooms are clean and comfortable. The AC works full blast. Drinks were always full in the fridge and always available at the bar. We had hot water everyday...there was a blackout for a few hours one day, but it wasn't bad! Food was good. The a la carte restaurants are amazing...lobster at Marlin was out of this world. The kids loved the Tokyo restaurant (esp. the fried ice cream) and the canelloni at Roma is fantastic. There's always something to eat. Staff was friendly. The beach and pool are unbelievable - best ones I have seen and I've been to many resorts...We had a room right above the nightly entertainment and we didn't mind it...if we had wanted to move - I'm sure they would have accommodated us. My little one fell asleep early and we never missed the show as we could watch it from the balcony while she was sleeping. It is quite loud but once you close the door it's not bad. The guys did the ATV excursions and they loved it. The kids also swam with the dolphins at Manati park and it's worth it. The vendors are pushy and pricey..but you can always say no and ignore them. The internet works from the lobby if you decide to take your laptop. We had a wonderful time. Would I recommend this hotel? Definitely!  
<Date>Aug 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	4	3	

<Author>jatreinjr
<Content>Honey moon of our nightmares We had our honeymoon at breezes, what a mistake! The staff were ok, but the acommodations... What about the bathroom's roof falling on your head? And the furniture that seems to came from a Salvation Army store? But nothing was worst than the food... Everything included but we preferred to eat nothing but dry nachos... Are you looking for drunk and ugly people? With a lot of cheap drinks on their heads? You found the right place. Good luck if you choose it, but I will never return to any Breezes, next time I will stay in Brazil.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	2	3	1	

<Author>blondieSheffield
<Content>not as nice as it could be hi all ,my husband and I stayed at the barcelo punta cana from the 17 of july to the 1 august . I had read up alot about this hotel on the trip adviser and it was our first time in the dom rep so we was not sure what to exspect obviosly because everyone is different in what they like and exspect, it was our hoonymoon and we took our 4 year old daughter with us.So anyway the check in took about half hour but we did have a problem with rooms. we were told to stay at the reception for half hour till it was fixed , we waited ,then a hotel porter took us to our room where he opened the door to a man taking his trousers off ,( WRONG ROOM) so then he took us upstairs to another room which had somone staying in it but fortunatly this time they were out so then we were told to wait in the hallway again, finally half an hour later we were taken to our room. The room was ok but the balcony had some rails missing ,so there was quite a big gap ,(watch out kids). There was some rust on the mirrors ,the sliding doors got jammed, the toilet was broke, the draws got stuck ,the sheets were a little damp the t.v ariel broke the last 2 days but so was everyone elses and the aircon leaked just a little in the bathroom , but I could cope with all that as we wasnt going to be in our rooms hopfully that much ,.id hoped anyway .We tiped the maid 2 dollers everyday because she was nice and always fussed our daughter but about 6 times she came after 5.30 and we were in our rooms by then and I dont want to sound fussy saying it but I didnt like coming back at that time and the rooms not being done. The buffy food was ok and the resterants were good(roma my favorate) but we did have trouble getting in as they were booked up by 9.15 in the morning ,so get there early . the one restarant I didnt like was El Marin, they do a lunch buffy everyday next to the beach and there are alot of flys and birds landing on tables and food and I saw a bird poo on the restarant floor which put me off my meal, we also all got the runs for about 8 of the days we were there and my husband got sick for 2 days. The shows was the usual stuff in a all inclusive some you like some you dont they all started about 9.30 but to be fair we didnt watch them all as our daughter got tired, they did have a mini disco that lasted about 3 songs but I think this was because people didnt bring there kids to it for some reason so I think they ended it early which my little girl wasnt happy about. Some of the waiters was nice but alot just snarled at you and gave us the wrong drinks all the time and I also found that if you dont tip you get served last if that ,so I was eager to tip just to get served but my husband refused because they were so rude . A lot of times I was in the buffy que and the spanish(well looked spanish anyway) women just pushed straight in ,which when you have been queing got my goat a little.To be fair the beach was brill and the pool was nice but too many stupid little things let down what was once I imagine was a nice hotel but would I go again, no , I would have liked the little touches like the flower art in my room because it was our hoonymoon but we didnt get any of that and we didnt get the free room upgrade or drinks on arrival which I thought we would ,so overall I wasnt that impressed but its like I said, people exspect differant things and for the money we could have had a better holiday at another resort like the RIU just down the beach we had a look and that and that had the WOW factor. thanks for your time we hope our information is of some use to you ,have a good holiday.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2007
<Rating>2	3	3	3	1	1	1	3	

<Author>MaggieBoston_MA
<Content>Beautiful Beach The only problem with the Barcelo resort is the food. It's really not good! The beach is absolutely beautiful. The rooms are not fancy but clean and fine. People working there were very friendly. Most of the other guests seemed to be from Central and South America and parts of the US where people are native Spanish speakers. The shows at night were in Spanish - interesting and not a problem. The resort area is very nice. We took a group of graduating High School seniors and they had a blast. The casino and disco were hot spots. The resort is made up of several hotels in an enclosed very large compound - and we didn't feel a need to venture out. It would really improve the quality of the resort if they would improve the food.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2007
<Rating>3	2	3	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>phototimeUk
<Content>Great time, beach is AMAZING!!!!       Buffet  
<Date>Jul 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	3	4	4	

<Author>fghs122352
<Content>in depth, honest review. Stayed at the barcelo from july 18-july 24. Before i left, i probably read every single review on this website, and was freaked out about the negative ones. I had nothing to worry about! I have never been to an all inclusive resort, though, and this was my first time to the dominican republic. Unless you're searching for things to complain about, theres nothing to worry about.Arrival: The airport is beautiful, all open air, with wood and palms on the ceiling. Expect very hot and humid weather all the time. It takes about 30 minutes to get to the barcelo from the airport.Hotel: The grounds are beatuiful, so many colorful flowers. Yes, the building has a few cracks in the tiles and a few stains here and there, but if you look at it as a whole, they are unnoticable. All open air, which is intresting. The place is huge! There are many places to sit and have a drink,  play cards.Rooms: we were lucky with our room, it had AC all the time, water was always cold in the showers, but trust me, after a day in the sun, thats what everyone should want. The beds were comfortable enough and we had a tv with american channels.Food: The buffet, is okay, you need to look around for what suits you and its alright. We went to roma twice, its pretty good, nice setting but different tasting italian food. I thought paris was the best, the rib eye  mashed potatoes were very good. There was not a single type of potato i had here that wasnt good. The poolside grill is also good. Also, no food poisoning for us.Service: I thought was great. Tip: if you bring a bunch of 1$ bills to tip waiters bartender, you will be waited on hand and foot! They really appreciate it and its well worth it to tip. There is a big language barrier if you speak english, so be patient because they really try to communicate the best they can.Amenities: We had a view from our room which we could see the shows every night. They were certainly entertaining, however not really original. The casino is small but a good time if you make it that. The pool, is beautiful! So huge, and the swim up bar is great. If you're a pool person, you will like it here. And last but not least, the beach is to die for. Most beautiful ive ever seen, and to my surprise, the water isnt cold! Just right to cool you off.Excursions: I did one excursion, snorkeling for 78USD, it was amazing! We got to swim with sharks and all of the marine life. If you go on one of these, bring an underwater camera!Overall: If you're looking for a good time instead of to comlain about everything, you'll have a great time. Make the best of it, be patient, and have fun!Tips:-Bring lots of sunblock, and don't be in the sun for more than 30 minutes or you'll get a very bad burn-Bring lots of 1$ bills for tipping, everything will go more smoothly.-Bring hand sanitizer and apply before every meal, since theres probably a lot of sickness there.-Learn some spanish before you go.-If you're not intrested in spending money, stay away from the vendors!! Just looking isn't an option.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	2	4	5	

<Author>steffiepooz
<Content>Fab time, loved it!! 4 of us stayed at this hotel for 2 weeks in May 2006. I cant believe the bad reviews it has received as we did not have a bad word to say about it. Check in was fine for us. There were Ice cold drinks waiting for us in the lobby. And how quick do people expect to be checked in when a plane load of people arrive???The pool is fab and the swim up bar is wonderful with really friendly staff. The pool was always clean with plenty of sunbeds to choose from. The pool entertainment staff were great and you only had to tell them once if you did not want to take part in the fun and games. The beach was amazing, white soft sand and calm sea most of the time. The water sports are quite cheap and very fun.We did the trip to Saona Island. The trip there on the speed boats is fantastic, very James Bond. The water at the Island is crystal clear, i have amazing photos of it anyone would like to see them. The beach is a bit rough on the feet though despite it been white. There is something for everyone on this trip and you go on 3 different boats.Our room was great, it looked over the beach and pool with a nice balcony. Air conditioning was a god send!! We 2 huge double beds, dressing table, tele, draws ect.. and mini bar/fridge which was stocked up most days with cola/diet coke/fanta. The room maid came almost everyday and was so nice, she left us pretty towel and flower arrangments in our room. The bathroom was very clean with a shower over the bath, huge sink  mirror ( although i do have to say there was no plug in the sink  the room above us air conditioning leaked through the roof of our bathroom. Hotel sorted this out straight away though so no real problem).All the food we has was lovely and fresh, no one had a problem. Do book in the restaurants though as you may get sick of simular choice on the buffet everyday. there is a really nice BBQ pool side everyday that have beautiful burger  chicken.The bars at night were excellent, one had fresh pizza which was great when you have had a drink and fancy a snack. The nightclub is ok, we had a great laugh in there even when it was empty, it has a very funny smell though, im guessing its due to the heat and its in the basement.I guess your holiday is what you make it. I can honestly say its the best holiday i have been on, i laughed none stop start to finish. Feel free to ask questions and ignore the bad reviews! If you have nothing better to do than count the cracked tiles around the swimming pool on holiday then thats quite sad!Go, enjoy yourself.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>Tunner2
<Content>Great Place       Beach  Wreck  
<Date>Jul 25, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>VCF
<Content>Beautiful, Great Time, but hospitality is awful We stayed at the Barcelo Punta Cana (Premier) from July 12th - 20th. It was me, my husband, son age 12, daughter age 8, my sister and her husband and daughter age 14, son age 13. We had no trouble with check-in, though we arrived at 1PM and didn't get our room until approx. 3:15PM. But they gave us our bands, we ate lunch and the kids changed into their bathing suits and we got to enjoy the time while waiting. Rooms: We were in room 5210. The rooms are small but Very clean though upgrades to bathroom tiles are needed. They are musty smelling and everything gets damp from the high humidity. The air worked JUST fine as we needed to turn it down as we were FREEZIN! My sister was in 3425 - her room was smaller but same upgrades needed and when it rained they had a leak in their bathroom ceiling. One day they had a small lake in there but thankfully it was there last day  nothing got ruined. The towel situation was horrible. Our rooms were cleaned around the same time everyday noonish or so...however 1 day we had to request towels got them about 1 hr later and the 1 day we had to request towels 2x by phone and 2x by a visit to the front desk by my husband. We finally got them 2 1/2 hrs after our first request. My sister went thru the same thing the day before and speaking w/ a guest 2 doors down, they'd been using their pool towels because they've been requesting for 2 days....so that leads to why they were running short of pool towels. Beach/Pool: Absolutely the BEST Beach! I've been to MANY beaches, Cancun, Cabo San Lucas, Riveria Maya, Jamaica, Bermuda, Puerto Rico, California, VA Beach and NJ Shore...Punta Cana beaches by far is the BEST beach I've ever seen...oh and by the way I NEVER go in the ocean - I spent hours in this ocean. Like a pool w/ a soft sand bottom. The pool was excellent as well. I am amazed it was cool  refreshing EVERY day. The tiles are hot and slippery - so be careful. The entertainment was funny and meet Juan, he's the best!! Restaurants: You MUST be a food snob if you can't find something you like to eat. We LOVED every meal. Breakfast there was plenty of everything and loved their pastries! Lunch at the grill was also great. We ate at Paris (this was our least favorite as it was HOT and guys had to wear long pants) If its not air conditioned (this was open air) shorts should be allowed as it made it extremely uncomfortable. But we enjoyed our dinners. Tokyo was so much fun and the food was AWESOME. We all loved the Fried Ice Cream, too. Roma was also good. I had Lasagna in DR - and it was great! Great breads  Tiramisu. El Marlin was nice, we like to eat outside and we had 1/2 lobster YUMMY! Kids had ribs and they melted in your mouth. The dinner buffet was GREAT as well. Try the Pasta Station - we eat their 4 nites and got pasta 3x and it was the best. Again you must REALLY be a food SNOB if you can't find somthing to eat. Oh- and as other said about the flies...none laying on the food....yes there is flies around, but not bad AT ALL. My niece did get the big D 1 nite and so did I, but u can't go by me as I have IBS and that can flare up just being out of sorts...other than that we were fine. A quick note the Dominican people are Not very friendly. These people really need to work on their hospitality and it should be brought to the attention of the resort management companies. Bartenders in the lobby were out and out rude to most americans and caucasian people. Sad to say but true. This would be the only reason I would not return to this resort or country for my next vacation.All in all we had a GREAT vacation. We did not leave the resort or do any excursions. We did tubing, banana boat, parasailing, snorkeling off the beach, rock climbing, trampoline, trapeze, lots of walks and participated in some of the pool activities. The vendors are EXTEMELY obnoxious but u just walk by them and ignore their pushing and you'll be fine. Your on vacation just Enjoy yourself! We sure did!  
<Date>Jul 23, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	4	4	3	1	-1	

<Author>cneillFife
<Content>Not as bad as some were making out Absolutely great,we didnt arrive along with a coach party so our check in was immediate and there were staff to greet you with cold drinks.We had upgraded to suites which were very nice and clean.The fridges were loaded every day with beer,soft drinks and water.The complex itself was lovely and there were always staff cleaning the gardens and the pool area as some people couldnt be bothered walking the 2 yards or so to put drink cups in the bucket.We had been at Breezes last year at Puerto Plata but this resort was much nicer(This was a Breezes until last year).The staff were always very friendly and nice.The boys at the pool entertainment done a great job although the 2nd week was quiter than the first.I could not fault this hotel and even when our flight was delayed for a day and a half the hotel managed to accomodate everyone on the flight.I beleive some people were compaining that their rooms etc were dirty but we certainly could not complain.The rooms werent the same standard as the suites but we were just grateful we had aroom and it was certainly clean and fresh.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bouncie
<Content>worst vacation - Barcelo Punta Cana We were three friends travelling together. We stayed in two rooms. The first night we got to the hotel our air conditioner was not working in one of the rooms. Everything was wet when we woke up the next day so we requested to change rooms. That was done at 2:00 in the afternoon. Even with the new room, the air conditioner was not very strong and it was always damp in the room. In that same room, we ran out of warm water inbetween our very short showers, our hair dryer blew up and they always forgot to bring us new towels. The food, well I read a lot of good reviews, but we did not enjoy anything except for the Tokyo a la carte and the buffet was ok. The beach party sucked..it was a fire on the beach but nobody on the beach. There is no animation, the shows were not very good at all....well I dont have much to say that is good about this place....except it has a gorgeous beach and they have a great photographer that takes really good pics..worth the money to buy the pics.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	3	3	3	2	3	

<Author>navigator
<Content>Fantastic vacation       The perfect beach  
<Date>Jul 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	3	4	5	

<Author>chrissyd1000
<Content>Brilliant, if you are a snob go somewhere else!! I returned 2 weeks ago from this resort for my wedding. There was a party of 11 adults and 1 infant and our stay was fabulous!when we arrived my new wife and i got our upgrade as stated in the brochure, our rep met us off the bus and welcomed us, check in took about 15 minutes but that was for 6 rooms so we couldnt complain and we had cold drinks provided when we arrived.the rooms are basic enough but the beds were comfortable, the shower was good and the room was clean. like in one review just posted we did also experience a couple of blackouts but the food was still being served and the drinks were being served so what is there to complain about.the full 2 weeks we had our room cleaned everyday and flowers put on the bed, the mini fridge was topped up averyday and the bar staff were very friendly and served us no problem.Our wedding went off without a hitch and the 2 wedding coordinators could not have been more helpful, the flowers, cake, meal, judge, ceremony was more than we had expected.the best resteraunt by far was the Tokyo, we ate there 3 times, (once in a blackout) and the service was excellent, especially from ramone, he made our stay very special.As the title says dont visit this hotel if you are a snob, but if you are a normal person looking to have a good time away then i highly recommend this hotel and would stay there again without any worries at all!!  
<Date>Jul 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>char34
<Content>Not as bad as others are saying... just roll with it... single lady alone You take the good, you take the bad... and you realize that, hey you're on vacation... not EVERYTHING is going to be perfect!Check in wasn't perfect,eh? Yes. You have to line up. And if you're at the front of the line, you're on your way to your room in 5 minutes,but if you're at the back of the line, you'll have to be patient and wait longer. I waited about 15 to 20 minutes. I decided to be a paranoid and an independant little snot and carry my own single duffle bag... and so I got lost trying to find my room. I recommend you allow the bellhop to carry your bag and lead you to your room.... I got lost and walked around in circles but it was my own damn fault. Also...it's a big resort. Seven buildings and over 700 rooms... so can we all expect quick and personal attention all the time? Get real! Plus, when I got to my room, finally, I looked into the little envelope the front guest gave me and there was no room keycard... so I had to go all the way back to the front desk and get another one. Again, my own damn fault, I should have checked that I had it. The food was okay. Being really paranoid about my health, I didn't eat any vegetables or salads... I just ate carbs and meat. But I was full and satisfied... there's more than enough food... two buffets for breakfast and dinner.... and then five speciality restaurants. (Tip: Go the the front desk. There's a sign on the desk. Go in the morning between 9am and 4pm to book a speciality restaurant the DAY of when you want to eat there. (The Italin one fills up the fastest.) The beef is very tough. But the dairy products are heaven! The butter, yogurt, and cheese! I don't know what they feed their cows here...but their milk must be wonderful! I wasn't sick from the food at all.... I just felt sick when I got home from the re-circulated air on the four hour plane ride.Day activities are corny and simple by the pool. But the MC is cute and funny. Look out for Spagetti... a very talk and thin dominican staff guy... he's very outgoing and very funny. Who cares? Just participate... relax and have some fun!Evening shows at the theatre are a must. They are equally funny and corny but a good laugh. The dancers are not from broadway... but they're good enough to entertain. They try to lip synch to english songs rather poorly, they speak spanish after all, but at least they're trying. Beach is lovely. Watch out for jets... flying insects that look like wasps. It was 30 degrees celcius everyday and only rained at night. USE WATERPROOF SUNBLOCK!!! I can't stress that enough... I burned my legs to the point of blisters. OUCH!!!The room was adequate enough. I left tips (T.I.P. To Ensure Promptness) and my room was always clean by 1 or 2 in the afternoon.Unless you've got a wad of cash burning a hole in your pocket... STAY AWAY from the art vendors... their prices are outrageous even if you bargain. They offered me a necklace for $80 US!They are extremely aggressive and annoying.You can not use a calling card because the resort does not allow any toll-free numbers to be called out. You can call long distance from your room, but it's $2 US a minute (pay at check out). There's a bank and an ATM... but if you have a TD Canada Trust card, you're out of luck. It doesn't work in the machine... after 3 failed attempts the machine will take your card. I suggest cash... US dollars or dominican pesos (you can exchange at the front desk)... your on-site travel agency resort representative will have smaller bills to make tips.If there's one bad thing I can really say... it's that I was travelling alone as a single woman in her 30's... and some of the male staff members were sexually agressive. I lost count... but I'd say in the seven days I was there I was hit on by at least 20 men!! But you can take advantage of it... ladies we get away with murder here... you can get men to do anything for you. I just got a little pissed off by the third day and had to be equally aggressive back to some of there men to get them to leave me alone. It was all verbal (sexual innuendos and indirect offers for sexual encounters)... they didn't touch me excect when I agreed to dance with them. Stay inside the resort unless you go on a daytrip organized by your travel agency representative, and you'll be fine. Don't leave your valuables unattended. Don't accept a drink that a stranger has brought to you (date rape drug?) , only from a serving lady in uniform. Just use your street smarts, common sense, ... if something doesn't seem quite right, it probably isn't, so walk away... use that woman's intution...and it will be alright. Don't take everything too seriously and you'll have fun. It's up to you. Your attitude makes or breaks it. You choose to have a good or bad time (if it's really bad... do something. Don't grumble. Tell a management person.) You're there for a good time, not a long time... so have a good time... the sun can't shine everyday.Charlene Toronto Canada  
<Date>Jul 18, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	2	2	-1	

<Author>NYgirlonthego
<Content>This trip was "Fantastic"       Partying in the lobby  
<Date>Jul 15, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kidu011
<Content>Decent Hotel I would first like to thank you all who wrote these reviews as I have read them before deciding where to go and found them very helpful.We were in Barcelo from July 1 to July 7, 2007. Hotel is very big and the hotel complex gives you the whole bunch of possibilities (tennis, bikes, climbing, trapeze, rec room, basketball, water sports, beach sports - soccer and volleyball, sports bar, kids club, young teen room with table tennis). The best thing is the beach. We did not have any problem finding the shade no matter when we went there. The pool is very big (but I am not a pool person). I really loved piano bar, comfortable chairs, and view to beautiful garden from one side and pool area from another. The food was average but we always found something good and no one was sick. We had no electricity the day we came, and the next day, but as we were on the beach during that time we did not care. The room had moldy smell, but we accepted it as normal for this region. The room was cleaned very late - around 3 p.m. but once when we realized what their schedule was, we were OK.With keys to the room on the first day we received three reservations for seafood, Mexican and Japanese restaurant. We did not book any other restaurants as we hate to keep track of time when on vacation. Seafood restaurant was above average, Mexican was OK, and Japanese was OK (we liked the cook ?he was really charming). The hostess in Japanese restaurant was a bit rude as she first let us in and then asked as to leave and wait outside for 5 minutes which was ridiculous as there were empty seats available and she later seated us there. My husband was upset, but I did not care as the cook came out (when he realized what she did) and apologized. We also liked the waiter who was singing all the time. We had a very nice weather. It was raining but only during the night, so it did not bother us. The only problem was that we could not use tennis courts in the early morning (my favorite time of the day) as they were wet. I would recommend this hotel for couples and families with younger kids. My son who is older teenager was happy with food and sports bar but expected more from entertainment group regarding organizing more sports events. The good thing is that there was family from Quebec who brought their volley ball so he joined them.Beach is very, very nice and walking along it is a real pleasure. Bring a lot (I mean a lot of sun lotion). There is a store in the complex but prices are at least double.Snorkeling is nothing special from the beach. Every second day you can see merchants in the resort if you are interested in buying some souvenirs, and there is a souvenir store as well. I did not enjoy the performances except trapeze one, which was really something special. Great work!!!!I liked piano bar the most and live music (twice during our stay and once with two singers). Really nice and enjoyable time.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	4	3	4	3	3	

<Author>JulieJulieToronto
<Content>Very subpar for a 4 star resort We stayed at the Barcello from July 1- July 8.* There was a black out everyday at 4pm on July 1 - July 3.Check-in : was slow. They only had 4 staff working and about 30 people to check in. Cold drinks didn't come out until at least half of the people had already checked in and already left.Rooms: At first they gave my 2 female friends a king size when we wanted 2 double beds. The safe was locked when we got to our room. It took them 2 fricken days to get it sorted out. In the end after at least 5 visits and at least 4 phone calls to the front desk they finally got it sorted out. We were upgraded to ocean view rooms but then we saw a 5 cm cochroach in our bedroom on our second last night and our hallway stunk of food because we overlooked the buffet so it all evened out in the end.Beaches and Pool: very nice, very well kept. Service: 30% of the staff spoke poor/any english. We were at an a la carte restaurant in the evening called Marlins. The service was horribly slow it took them over 2 hours to serve 3 courses. At the end of the meal they had run out of dessert. Meanwhile a huge party of what looked like staff people were gathering on the upper level of the restaurant. The food was not hot not cold but lukewarm. After we were done the horrible dessert. The waitress basically kicked us out by having the restaurant turn off the lights. As soon as we stepped out of the restaurant they turned the lights back on and proceeded with their staff party. The drinks are watered down. None of the drinks have fresh fruit all made with flavored slushy drinks.Food: Too salty. Some of the items were good, some of the items were bad. It was a hit or miss. Overall the buffets I would give a 6.5/10 the restaurants 7.5/10. Overall, it was pretty descent. I wouldn't rate this a 4 star hotel. I would give it a generous 3.5 stars out of five. R  
<Date>Jul 12, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ladiesx3
<Content>Fantastic - Absolutley gorgeous!!! My two friends and i stayed at the Barcelo Premium for 2 weeks having previously stayed in Sosua, the north of the dominican the past 2 years! Firstly the weather was much better at the same time of year in Punta Cana, i think because you're at the carribean side. As soon as we got there we were amazed at the surroundings, it is so lush and pretty. We stayed in room 6210 - definately the building you want be in, block 6 or 7, as its near both the beach and the swim-up bar end of the pool. Views from this room were amazing, right across the pool area and onto the beach. The 24 hour all inclusive was great you couldn't go hungary unless you're really picky about food but the buffets were fresh and plenty of choice all throughout our stay. The restaurants are very good particularly the japanese and Italian. We actually ate 4 times at the japanese it was that good - cooked right in front of you and the staff there are very attentive. Hector was always our chef, he was lovely! Didnt eat at the fish restaurant as we dont like fish but heard good reports, the Paris restaurant, however got a few bad reports so didnt eat there. The pool is excellent, very cool and did the trick in the intense heat we had the whole time we were there it only ever rained once during the day and a couple of times at night. The swim-up bar is good but just bear in mind the locals tend to stay in the hotels at weekends so sat and sun you could be waiting a while for a drink as they tend to be quite rude and push in and tip over the odds to be given drinks constantly. Tipping - the waiter staff on the night, both at the amphitheatre and the buffets, deserve tips as they do work long hours, once you've tipped them they will always remember you and make sure you're well looked after all night. The night entertainment was good but abit samey. The lads that work round the pool and part of the animation team do organise trips out to neighbouring clubs if you fancy a change of scenery. The beach!!!!!! Well all i can say is if you go on any Paradise island trips the beach at the Barcelo Premium is just as nice if not better. Very clean, crystal water, full time lifeguard (Arache - very sweet) and if you walk up the beach past the other AI hotels you come to a shipwreck out in the sea and just a bit further than that is a market - nice walk but tiring. Trip wise id really recommend the Marinarium trip where you can swim with stingrays and nurse sharks in a nature reserve. It was fantastic definately worth the money. The boat was brand new and the crew that swam with you were so friendly, the atmosphere on the catamaran coming back was great! All in all a fantastic hotel and even though there is some work going on in certain parts of the hotel its not intrusive or noisy and certainly didnt bother us, its only because they've changed companies and all the work is to better the facilities. Would definately go back - so much to do, scenerys fantastic, foods very good, people are friendly met some great canadians and english groups so will definately go back in the future. Hope you have a good time!  
<Date>Jul 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>5travelbugs70
<Content>Average. The beach saves them from getting a lower rating. Let me start by saying that this is not our first trip and we have many other all-inclusives to compare to.We stayed June 24th to July 1st with our three children ages 4,68.Our overall first impression was not great. Our check in was long and frustrating. As stated in some of the other reviews, not overly welcoming. No one smiled and none of the staff seemed happy. When you're on vacation, this can be annoying.I started to get concerned when lilttle annoyances cropped up and we tried to justify the lack of good service by making excuses like oh well, we didn't pay that much for the trip and well this is their slow period...The truth is, we are not really critical and we tried really hard to be objective but a few things just couldn't be overlooked.Here's our very objective opinion:Rooms: Like so many other reviews, yes, it's true, the rooms smell mouldy and the bedding is just as bad. You have to appreciate how humid it is there and how challenging it would be to control this. That being said, the rooms could have been much cleaner and this might have helped control some of the odor. Daily, the seemed to forget to give us clean towels, replace the coffee and fill the mini fridge. Our safe was also broken and after three calls down to the front desk with no results we decided just to give up because near the end they made as feel as though we were pestering them. Food: Heres an interesting one....they seemed to run out of food at the buffet on a regular basis?????!!!!! We made a point of getting to the buffet shortly after it opened just to make sure that we could get a decent selection. Again, I have to wonder if this is because the hotel was only at about 50% capacity? The quality of the food was hit or miss. Most days, we could find things we liked. None of us starved. The a la cartes were better. Don't expect gourmet here! Desserts were very good. Pool and Beach: This is what won us over and made the trip enjoyable. We've been to a lot of beautiful beaches in the world but this one really is great! Lots of waves, water is beautiful and the beach is very soft, white and sandy. The pool was well maintained. No complaints here.Service: This is not their strength. So dissapointing. As I said earlier, when you're on vacation, you don't want to be treated like you're a bother. We're not stupid and we know that tipping can go a long way. After several days of tipping and the same poor service, we wondered why we should bother. Something that really annoyed us was that there seemed to be a ton of staff staying on the resort and using the resort. We caught on around the third day when we recognized some of the staff out of uniform sitting with what seem to be family or friends with them. This wouldn't normally bother us except that when you go up to get a drink at the bar and they ignore you for 5 minutes(and it's not busy) because they're busy chatting with staff that are not working that day and catering to their needs, you get sick of it. I have a really hard time finding positive things to say about the service here. Barcelo really needs to take a good hard look at how they run this resort-tons of room for improvement here. So you know, we heard a lot of other guests complaining about the same things. I'm would rate this resort a 3 out 5. We would consider going back if they improved their level of service. We heard that the Bahia down the way is by far superior to this resort. You may want to consider going there instead.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2007
<Rating>3	2	2	2	2	2	1	-1	

<Author>MJBALT
<Content>Great Time at Barcelo! A group of 7 of us stayed at this resort from Jun 22-Jun 29We had a great time....Here is an overall reviewACCOMODATIONS- We all had the Suites. Some better than others as Barcelo is in the process of updating. My partner and I upgraded to the Presidential Suite which was BEAUTIFUL and not much more money. Was about 2000 Sq. feet and great view all around. BARS- If you have a suite or upgrade to the Premium Club, you have access to the VIP lounge. They work very hard to accomodate your every need. They brought in what ever liquor, mixers, etc we wanted. If we were hungry, they made sure they brought in food. Bela and Rosa are the greatest!!RESTAURANTS- Roma (Italian) and Sombrero (Mexican) were the best. Tokyo ok if you have never experienced hibachi cooking but very hot. Paris, El Marlin and El Conuco (Dominican) left much to be desired. The Grill by the pool daily had awesome food and the buffet didn't leave you hungry. Two in our party did have a little stomach issue for a day after the dominican restaurant.POOL- The pool was beautiful and very well maintained. We parked ourselves at the pool bar and was served by Maribel who was a delight. STAFF- Everyone was VERY friendly. We took $300 in dollar bills to tip throughout our stay. The staff works like dogs and they are still happy and accomodating. We left $$ on our pillow for the housekeepers and also for the person who fills the refrigerator with our request for whatever we wanted (in the Presidential suite got 12 waters and 20 beers for some guests that were coming up to the room to party)ENTERTAINMENT- The staff does a good job during the day around the pool to get people involved. Every night at 9:30 there is a show and it is at least entertaining. The Sports Bar is good for playing billiards, air hockey, foosball and games...The Manager is very nice. The Disco is hot and musty but fun if you go with a group of friends. Friday and Saturday it is mostly Latin music but throughout the week it is not. Stay away from the Casino...huge rip off!!OVERALL- It is what you make of it...the rooms are ok but musty because of the climate..bring candles and room freshner and you will be fine. The drinks are good, the food ok and the atmosphere, beach is awesome...Let's face it, it is VERY INEXPENSIVE for what you get. Barcelo excecutives from Spain were visiting the resort when we were there to see what needed to be done. In 2 years, I can guarantee that you won't be able to get here for the price you can now since when they are renovating rooms, they are not just cosmetically painting, etc-they are completely gutting them. They are also building a new Disco in a different building...ENJOY...we did!  
<Date>Jul 3, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	4	5	5	

<Author>PuntaCanada_7
<Content>Best Beach Ever!! We arrived at Barcelo Punta Cana on Father's Day June 17 2007, and stayed til June 24 2007. This was our first trip as a family . We have a four year old son and 18 month old daughter and my parents came with us as well -60+Let me begin with the check in which seemed to take forever! It was stiffling hot in the lobby with no breeze because that front part of the lobby is covered in. There was a waitress staff member giving the loads of people waiting in line a welcome drink of fruit punch but once her tray was empty she left and never returned! Found her once we turned the corner heading to our room so we did get the welcome drink!We had requested a room in the third or fourth level, with a crib, but were given a room in the first level with no crib. It smelled so mouldy there was no way that the kids could have stayed there! So my hubby went back to the lobby and asked for a new room. The second was worse than the first! Finally we got that all straightened out -we got a room on the third floor along with my parents and everything was fine. The a/c worked amazing, and the room was comfortable enough.Now the the food was alright to say the least ,but a week of not cooking or cleaning -who can complain? They do have a kids menu and the kids enjoyed the food- so we were happy! The A la Carte places were a great change from the buffets and the food was tasty! NO ONE GOT SICK!But what had us sold was the beach! It was just beautiful! It was just golden sand and crystal clear water! No water shoes needed here! Fed the fish, took some amazing photos! Jumped the waves, had a blast!Entertainment was fine. The shows were good -The Circus one was amazing! Also the music show was great -Michael Jackson ROCKED! They work so hard all day long.... and to have all that energy to host the evening shows is just incredible. I don't think I could be so happy and cheerful all the time,especially working 15 hours- day in and day out!! Cheers to the entertainment team!Needless to say the staff were awesome! The attention they gave my kids was so heart warming! The kids just loved being there!They are such a loving bunch and do derserve the tips that we would give them!Overall we will always have fond memories of this resort because it was the first family trip and also the people there made the trip that much better! The weather was amazing! Drinks were good! LA BOMBA -wish I had one now!We met some fantastic people! Hello the Hamilton couple who stayed in the room next to us!Also A big HELLO to Scarlett in the UK from your little friend Dior! And Ty from the UK, Denilson had fun playing with you in the pool!A great place for families with young kids and my parents had a wonderful time as well. We really didn't do any of the excursions or leave the resort. We just had a fantastic time relaxing and being together as a family! WISH I WAS THERE!!  
<Date>Jun 29, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	2	5	-1	

<Author>Ellisd88
<Content>Had a quality time at the Barcelo!!! We stayed at the Barcelo Punta Cana from the 7th June to the 21st June and had a great 2 weeks. I as most others was a little apprehensive before travelling due to some bizarre reviews I read on this site. We had an amazing time and the hotel was fine, not sure what all the fuss was about at all??? We're already thinking about going back for christmas!!Hotel: Now parts of the hotel do look a little jaded but they are continuously painting and upgrading things. It has not long been a Barcelo but they are really working hard here to bring the standard up. We didn't see any problems worth mentioning with the actual buildings.Rooms: We asked to be put in block 7 as we had heard this was one of the nicest blocks and we weren't wrong. We were right on the beach with a great view of both the beach and pool. We had two double beds but just pushed these together. The room although basic has everything inside that you could ask for. It is very humid there but we left our air con on constantly and it was lovely returning to a freezing room. Only problems with the rooms is that they don't get cleaned to very late, generally about 4pm.Food: There are 6 a la carte restaurants altogether and the main buffet area. We found 3 that we really liked and just alternated between them as they were so good. Tokyo - The japanese restaurant was our favourite, they put on a real show for you as well. Hector was our favourite chef. But be warned it gets extremely hot in there!!Roma - The italian restaurant serves great food and has a nice romantic feel to it.El Marlin - The beach grill restaurant is outside and has great views of the hotel all lit up. Served cheesecake so i was happy!The others are Paris, Mexican and the Dominican restaurant but these weren't too our liking purely because of the food on offer. The buffet was okay and they did have a selection but we only ate here twice. Breakfast was our favourite meal with scrambled eggs and pancakes. For lunch we would go to the beach grill and have whatever they offered.Booking the restuarants is easy and we always got the times we wanted.Beach: One of the real highlights of our holiday. I have been to a fair few places and this beach is definitely up there with the best of them. We walked up and down the beach and the Barcelo section puts all the others to shame. Always managed to get a sun lounger. Played lots of volleyball and football as well.Pool: Because the beach is so nice we didn't spend too much time at the pool. Only one day did we struggle to find a sun lounger here. The pool bar can get quite busy. Lots of games going on through out the day.Entertainment: During the day there was lots to choose from and I made real good friends with all the entertainment team. You can hire out boogie boards and go on a banana boat. At night there is always some sort of show on. As with any shows some nights are better than others. The Michael Jackson night was excellent. The disco doesn't get very busy but we made quite a few friends and had a few good nights down there. The beach party which only happened once when we were there is a night not to be missed!Excursions: We booked 3 excursions through Thomson.Saona Island: Great day out, the speed boats are so much fun and the waters is crystal clear.Monster Trucks: A real eye opener into Dominican life, make sure you take pens and pencils for the children.Ocean World: Was very expensive but our best trip by far. An hour flight over the island and we got to swim with dolphins.Please please don't read into the bad reviews that are written on this site. You will have a great time. We heard people complaining when we were there and one family walked out of the restaurant because they didn't feel their food had come out quick enough??? These people need to understand you are on your holiday, chill out and enjoy yourselves.My partner has asked me to let all the women know that your hair straightners will not work out there without a booster as they only run at 110v.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	3	5	3	

<Author>achristinap
<Content>Great stay at the Barcelo Punta Cana We stayed at the Barcelo Punta Cana from Apr. 20 to 27th, 2007.I just had to write...before leaving on our trip to Punta Cana, we read all the reviews for the Barcelo Punta Cana on this site. I was a little worried when I read some of the reviews, but we decided to keep an open mind. Boy were those reviews wrong!!! I would recommend this hotel to anybody. It was an absolutely fantastic trip.Food: The first night we got to eat at the Japanese restaurant. It was delicious and entertaining. Diego was our chef and he was great and funny!A few nights later we ate at the Italian restaurant. I tell you, I am of Italian descent and for the country we were in, the Italian food was delicious. My Husband had the lasagna and it was really good. I was worried because one of the reviews said not to eat the cheese because it tasted bad...I didn't notice anything bad about it.The buffet restaurant was great! We even skipped a reservation at one of the a la carte restaurants to be able to have a Mexican feast. We are glad we did. My Husband absolutely loved their desserts! I am very picky about my surroundings and cleanliness when it comes to restaurants and hotels, but I can honestly say that I have nothing to complain about. There is a big variety of food. Neither one of us was sick. Room: Our room was absolutely beautiful. We stayed in building #7. We had a nice queen size bed and everything was very clean! We brought little gifts for the maid from the $1 store, plus we gave her some US money as tips. The hotel and beach was amazing. The grounds are well taken care of. You constantly see employees painting walkways, fixing gardens and cleaning up. Everyone is friendly and when they pass you they say hola to you. The nightly shows were fantastic!! Those dancers are extremely talented! We watched them practice a couple of times and then saw the performance at night and they were great! Those people who wrote in their reviews that the shows were lame, do not know what they were talking about. They must be used to going to Broadway shows. We didn't go on any excursions because we were there to relax...first trip in six years! We were supposed to go parasailing but it got rained out.All in all, I would definitely go back to this resort. I give it two big thumbs up!!! I will try to get some pictures on my review soon.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>cshager
<Content>Beautiful and Relaxing       tropical trees  
<Date>Jun 16, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	3	-1	

<Author>petty2bein07
<Content>Beautiful Wedding I stayed here June 2nd - June 9th - Got married on June 5thHotel - check in and check out was good. The grounds were very pretty. Everything seemed to be very clean.Room - Musty smell but you are to expect that. Very clean.Maids - Great! They did a good job.Staff - Sucked!! They were very rude. Had a problem with the pull out couch, it collasped with my daughter in it. They wouldn't fix it. Had to end up with a fold out bed which was o.k. but I have two children. We had to get about three set of keys made in just one day due to the fact the door wouldn't open. Was not impressed with the staff at all.Wedding Coordinator - Kerstin was Great!! I emailed her at least once a week for about three months and then at the end a week or two before I left I emailed her everyday and she always contacted me back. She even as called me. Couldn't ask for anyone better. Photographer - Vanessa was Great also. She takes beautiful pictures. Couldn't afford them all but would have loved to have them all. If you get married at this resort and need a photographer ask for her you will not be disappointed..Restaurants - Most was good. Paris was horrible service. We had to wait 3 hours (never again). Tokio was the best. Make sure you get to that one. Also the Italian was good also. Bars - Swim up bar was the best. I didn't even tip til the end of our trip and she was great. She really was good to my children I can't say enough good things about her. I wouldn't even have to ask for what I wanted after one day she knew. She would bring me drinks sometimes and get me to try them.Wanted to go on an excusion and asked up front at the activities desk about snorkeling and they recommended this excursion were everyone was drinking. I called it the party boat. Something I didn't want my children to see. I even asked if it was kid friendly and they said yes. We got to snorkel for 30 minutes ate a sandwich and swam for 55 minutes. Would I stay here again - NO! Due to the fact that the staff was rude to my children. Would I come to Punta Cana again - Yes  
<Date>Jun 13, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	4	1	-1	

<Author>lala67059
<Content>Had a great holiday but there is room for improvement The general area's are well presented, the beach and pool area are fantastic, the main buffet area's food was fine no complaints , the speciality reataurants were all very good.Staff were all freiendly and helpful.The vendors who visit the hotel every other day where pushy and a pain but as you get browner they do tend to lay off you opting for paler victims!Our room was damp and there was evidence of mould towards the end of our stay but May is a humid month. we had to keep asking for towels as the maid kept forgetting to leave any the management did leave us a bottle of rum to say sorry but still no towels, from the amount of rum that was being dished out perhaps we were not the only unhappy customers regarding room service. overall the location cannot be faulted and as we spend very little time in our room have to say we had a good holiday. The hotel has only just been taken over by barcelo so perhaps improvement is on the cards as they were keen for feedback  
<Date>Jun 12, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>WendyWooWo
<Content>Fantastic Holiday in all Aspects After reading other reviews I was a little worried about what we would find on arrival but I can truly say that from the time we stepped onto the Thomsonfly aircraft to the time we arrived back in England you could not fault the entire holiday. The aircraft was fantastic (like Premium seating without the cost).The hotel was very grand, consistently clean, the staff were lovely and we did not hear of any tummy upsets at all.We were lucky in that the hotel was not overly busy, but the resort seemed set up to be able to cope with many more guests at a busier period.The choice of restaurants was brilliant and there were always snacks such as pizza or nachos on the go if you popped along to the mexican restaurant where you could just help yourself. The cocktails were lovely too!In a hotel of this size there is bound to be constant maintenance going on but it is done in way to cause minimum disruption - only those who love to find something to complain about could possibly find fault. The maintainance is also adding extra features such as ice machines in the spacious hallways.The kids club wasn't the same as one run by a tour company, but whenever my children went I stayed there with them as they couldn't always understand what the ladies were saying to them - but then you go on holiday as a family to spend time together don't you?We would thoroughly recommend this holiday from start to finish.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>dana85
<Content>Good times       plenty of chairs  
<Date>Jun 8, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	5	4	4	

<Author>nailsbykathleen
<Content>Fantastic!!!!! People who write bad reviews must be really spoiled people or just selfish in general! So in other words don't pay attention to any of the negitive reviews that you read. It is just a waste of your time. This hotel is really nice. Very impressive on the outside and inside. The staff is wonderful! Our room was cleaned quickly everyday and some days we didn't even need it cleaned, so we just left the do not disturb sign on the door. Room: Mini fridge, water and soda, replaced daily. A/C Worked well, some days we turned it off it worked so well, Beds are ok, hard but they are always going to be harder than the bed you have at home. They served the purpose.Pool: FABULOUS!!!! This is where we spent our days, just because of the drinkie poo's. :-) The pool boy is really nice, tall and thin, His name is Fransisco, the life guard's name is Virginio, we nick named him Gino....lol! Good drinks. We took blow up rafts to use in the pool and we also took big sippy cups that were insulated so we didn't have to keep going back and forth.Entertainment: Very good by the pool! You should participate in the games they were fun!!! The shows at night were good. The ampitheater is open air outside. Bug spray!Resturants: Alkazar, No A/C buffet food. Tokyo, good, A/C, Dominican Rest, good, A/C, Marlin, Good for continental breakfast and lunch, dinner reservations, just ok, no A/C. El Sombrero, Reservations at night open air, snacks during the day. Photo Guy: His name is James and he is very nice! He and my friend are actually getting married now!!!!!! Who knew that they would end up loving each other and want to get married! If you see him, say hola hola, happy happy!!!! He will put a big smile on his face! So congrats to James and Andrea!!!!!!Lobby Bar: Very good!!!!! The best one is closest to the pool!Airport: Very interesting to say the least. All open air, no A/C, so dress light!  
<Date>Jun 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jonnyb123
<Content>enjoyed my stay Hello allI visited this hotel a few years back and i had a really nice stay. Things were clean and tidy and stafff were polite. I did have a small case of wildy's (runny poo's) but this did not cause me a problem. In all i had the a really good time and would def go back. If you like your marine life and fish a little tip is to take some bread or a banana into the sea with you. You will be amazed at how many fish appear from nowhere  
<Date>May 31, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	4	4	5	

<Author>dg1964
<Content>Great Beach, Nice Pool and Landscaping.....but.... I am a well seasoned traveller and open to all kinds of adventures, cultures etc. The Barcelo was a mixed bag at best. I upgraded to a suite  Premium Club level and was very unhappy with my first room. The room smelled terrible. Dirty, stained upohlstery, moldy bathroom mirrors, mold in floor tiles etc. Truth is, I was really upset but Rosa who runs the Club Premium lounge got me a much better room the next day. That taken care of, there were a few more bugs to work out and over all this resort was okay. I would not go back ,but many have, so you decide. The best thing about this resort is the beach. The worst thing, the food. Simply awful. The staff is very friendly and they do try to make your vacation a nice one. If you get a good deal, it may be worth it. Get a good deal! Have fun.  
<Date>May 28, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	3	2	4	3	

<Author>PlymouthEngland
<Content>Loved the Barcelo First of all.....do not belive the bad reviews of this hotel!We have just returned from a two week holiday  the hotel was great value for money. We flew with Thomson  we had one of the long haul aircrafts  the leg room was very good. My boyfriend is 6 ft 4  he still had plenty of space. Our Thomson rep Lindsey was brilliant.Check in: Front desk staff were very friendly  efficient. We were in our room within 5 minutes. We requested a pool view room but did not recieve this. We told reception  we were given a new room immediately.Rooms: Were basic but fully functional. Could do with redecoration but for the amount of time spent in there they did the job. Beach: Beautiful! It was very clean  there was plenty of sun beds  umbrellas at all times of the day. Sea did get a little rough but was not a problem. Definately the best beach on the strip of hotels.Pool: Was lovely. Very clean  again lots of sun beds but not enough umbrellas. The pool side entertainment was fun to watch!Food: The food in the buffet was average  did get very repetitive. We tried all of the restarants which were all very good with good service in all. The El Marlin (steak  seafood)  Tokyo (Japenese) are a must, the food was amazing! Also the Marlin grill at dinner is time is good.Entertainment: The only bad point about this hotel is the night time entertianment. They have a show at 9:30 - 10:30 every night but thats about it! The Animation team were brilliant! Always smiling  getting everyone involved...especially at the pool side.Staff: In other review people have said that the staff were rude. We did not find this the case. As long as you are friendly towards them they will be freindly back. Altohough bar staff at the El Marlin were a little grumpy! Also we did not have to tip to get good service.Trips: We went of 3 trips. The 1st was Saona - I did enjoy this but was not worth the 80 pp we paid! We were told there would be a 1 hr 45 min drive to the port but were still on the coach 3 hours later. The 2nd was Marinarium swimming with the sharks  rays. This was a trip worth doing but quite scary! The 3rd was Ocean world to swim with the dolphins. Worth every penny! It was quite pricey but you have to get a small plane for 45 mins to the north of the island. The dolphin swim was amazing.Overall this hotel is great value for money  i would recommend it. It does not deserve the bad reviews it has received!  
<Date>May 23, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>snoopi
<Content>Very nice holiday Overall a very nice holiday. Our rooms were average, food was average but we loved the beach, this is on one of the 10 best beaches in the world. The beach was kept up nicely. Pool is good, games room is a good past time when it rains. The Tokyo rest. has the best food. If you leave a tip or candy or something on your pillow, you'll get your room cleaned faster. Otherwise you have to wait until about 5-6 pm. Bring candy, that way you can treat even the adults you meet anywhere,and they will remember you. Just like a tip, it goes a long way. (Their candy doesn't taste good). We brought US 1.00 bills to tip those who normally don't get tipped, gardeners, laundry personel, the coke guy, the pool guy, etc. it was well appreciated. If you walk down the beach about 1 hr, you'll get to a market, lot's of anything you might need. We preferred this to vacationing in Mexico  
<Date>May 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	4	2	2	

<Author>danimak
<Content>Best Holiday EVER       The beach  
<Date>May 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>barcelobeaches
<Content>Beautiful beaches       the ocean blue!  
<Date>May 14, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>island79
<Content>the good, the bad and the ugly I have been going down South every winter for 9 years and so far, there is no resort or destination that is perfect, without flaws. That being said, staying at this resort was an enjoyable experience. The good: The beach is amazing, vast and clean with white sand. The ocean is beautiful, and swimming in it's big waves was very fun, much clearer  better bottom than many other resorts I've been to. If you like calm water - don't go in here! The waves  the undertow are strong, but great for active people who love jumping around in the waves, and the kids all seemed to love them. The resort is well groomed  clean - it really is a nice resort to the eye. There is alot to do here if you want in terms of activities, and it really is a fun resort. The food is average, but not bad - like most resorts you're absolutely sick of it after 3 days. The mini-bar in your room is usually stocked with free beer  pop - a nice touch. The day trips through Transat were great - we went on ATV's for a day and had a blast, and went to the Marinarium and had an equally great time.The bad: The resort staff are friendly enough, but LAZY. Sorry, but they really are. They move at a snail's pace and you can count on minimal effort when ordering drinks and such. Better to go to the bar and get it yourself. Sometimes our room wasn't cleaned yet at 3pm. The resort had a market set up every day with little souvenirs, rum, cigars, etc......and even more than other Carribean destinations, we found the harrassment level was unbelievable. The rum....is good.....but they do a 70/30 split with coke. I got real drunk real fast without meaning to. Watch the sun obviously.The ugly: Saw too many huge cockroaches run into peoples rooms at night under their door.....after seeing this we decided to put towels under the door! If you happen to get rain....it doesn't drain too well. We got hit with a severe downpour, and the first floor flooded - I mean suitcases floating down the hall!!!!! Poor 1rst floor guests! Oh yeah... the humidity - it is to be expected I know, but I can't even relate how damp the rooms are. We were constantly soaked while we in our room and our clothes were just wet. Basically everything in the room was always damp. The floor would gather beads of water from the humidity. It was not pleasant.All in all a positive experience. I'm still looking for the perfect affordable resort. I'll let you know if I do!  
<Date>May 11, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	3	2	3	

<Author>600volts-smiling
<Content>not bad at all       Our Suite  
<Date>May 11, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	3	3	5	3	4	

<Author>CaseyKelowna
<Content>Fabulous Vacation - Apr. 26 - May 3 (Kelowna, BC, Canada) We just got back from the Barcelo after having an amazing Mother Daughter Vacation. We loved the resort and would like to return some day. One thing is for sure that one week is definately not long enough. You just get relaxed; settled and comfortable at the resort and it is time to go home. We really found that reading reviews before leaving for our trip was a definate asset and alot of comments proved to be very true and helpful. We met alot of people that also really like the resort!Flight - Even though the Air Transat air craft was quite crowded, it still was not as bad as some of the reviews make it out to be. One tip that I could pass along is that we found that the seats in the centre of the aircraft (the centre three seats) do have more leg room than the seats on the side of the plane. Checkin- Try to sit near the front of the Tour Bus for the Barcelo Punta Cana so that you can get off quickly; locate your luggage and check in before the line of passengers gets too long. That worked very well for us. Tipping the luggage fellow a few bucks and you are in your room before you know it. The front desk people are very accomodating, however, going to the Dominican with some Spanish is helpful.Rooms/Maids - The rooms are adequate and it is lovely to sit out on the balcony early in the morning. We were very surprised to see that not only did we get free pop and water daily but Brahma beer as well. Minimal tipping and leaving Canadian stationary/key chains etc... really was appreciated by the maids as they decorated our room (i.e. bed and bathroom with flowers).We had a couple of deficiencies (ie. shower; sink and no lock on the balcony) the first day and they were all fixed immediately. Be aware that tree frogs can come (hop) into the room as there are no screens on the slider door. Funny story!!! Bars/Bartenders - Leonardo at the Lobby Bar is a nice fellow and mixes good drinks and Yuani (server) is very nice as well. Louis at the Beach Bar is also fun and a good bartender. One of my favorite drinks was the Banna Daiquiri (with fresh banna) slush w/vodka. The Lime Marguritas were very good too.Food/Restaurants: The buffett and Pool BBQ were very good. You must try the create your own omellete in the Altazar Buffet in the morning ...they are excellent. The Tokyo and and Roma Restaurants were very good and the staff are very friendly and accommodating. The Shows  Activities: Be sure to take part in the activities (Aquasize is a blast!) and go to the evening shows ...the team does a very good job all day/night long. To summarize ..this resort has the most fabulous beach and pool and very friendly staff and is certainly a true 4 star resort. I would like to go back tomorrow...and certainly hope to some day! Laureen  
<Date>May 8, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Newbee24
<Content>Great trip       Perfect beach  
<Date>May 8, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>teachartz
<Content>Great Vacation for the money!       More beach  
<Date>May 7, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>sunnyshell12
<Content>awesome vacation We stayed at barcelo punta cana Apr 12 to 19th. We had an awesome vacation. I have been to cuba twice and will never go back after staying here. The food was awesome,...my boyfriend is the fussy person you will ever meet and he thought the food was great. The beach is absolutely beautiful. What more could you ask for?There where a few minor things, but you are in a beautiful place with awesome food and drinks. Have a Monkey's lunch ask to have it made with real banana's....soooo good.....I have read reviews from some people and I wonder what it is they expect when going to these resorts...I'm planning on getting married at this resort. We were sad when we had to leave, wished we had booked for two weeks...If you booked a trip to this resort you will absolutely love it....Have a great time...we had the trip of a life time... [  
<Date>May 6, 2007
<Rating>5	4	3	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>nannie68
<Content>Amazing Family Vacation, It was Paradise!!!       Welcome to Punta Cana!!!  
<Date>May 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>whitneypax
<Content>Great trip just loved it! My two friends and i went to this hotel and had the time of our lives. We are all 18 and didnt go with our families and felt completly safe at all times. Check in was long but theres nothing to do about that because there is about 50 people waiting inline to check in so you just have to be patient. The food in the buffet was excellent although a few times it wouldnt settle well in our stomachs but theres nothing we could have done about that and we didnt let it ruin our trip. The people there are really helpful and will do anything to they can to get you what you need. The rooms werent extremley fancy but they did do the trick. Who goes on vacation anyway to spend most of the time in there room althought lots of the times it was really hot so we had to hang out in our room cause we were all wimps and would just hang out on the balcony but somehow still have a blast. The bartenders are awesome and the people who complain about them were probably rude or just have high expectations. The nightly entertainment was always fun to watch and they switched up the shows so you we never saw the same show twice( we were there for two weeks). Our room was located right beside the entertainment theatre so you could hear everything that was going on in your room till around 11 but we never had any early nights so that didnt bother us at all. The beach was lovely.. we walked down towards the other hotels and not one of there beaches was anything as nice and clean as ours were. All togther our trip was awesome and everything we had expected plus more and i would recomend this to anyone young wanting to travel there or anyone of any age just wanting to have a beautiful trip in a great hotel!  
<Date>May 3, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Chezz
<Content>Awesome holiday       View from hotel room  
<Date>May 3, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>cbourdon
<Content>Barcelo...ok I came back last Saturday from the Barcelo, Punta Cana. I have to say that unfortunately, the weather was not the best. But we still managed to have some fun. The beach is spectacular and the water is beautiful. Don't forget to do some snorkling...not expensive and worth it! you get to go on a boat ride and see all the ocean view resorts !.Going back, I would probably pay more in a 5 star hotel. The staff were somewhat rude and the food.....so so. I was sick for a few days but I think it's because of the Malaria pills. Beware of the side effects!Overall, I would give this resort a 3.5/5.  
<Date>May 2, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	4	2	3	

<Author>luvthesun41
<Content>A Great Holiday My family and I returned from a one week stay at this resort on April 12. We had an excellent vacation. With all the negative reviews, I was kind of worried, but I have to say there was no need for worry. This was the first trip to the Dominican for my two daughters, aged 13 and 15. It was our second trip. Last year we went to Puerta Plata. The rooms were kept clean. Nothing fancy about them but they were adequate for the amount of time we spent in them. Plenty of hot water and no power outages. The beach was amazing, had plenty of chairs but hard to find one with shade unless you got out there early enough. The pool was kept clean and the water was a really nice temperature. There were plenty of poolside activities and games. The grounds were very well kept. The food was fine, never went hungry. No swarms of insects around the food like stated in one of the reviews. The drinks were good although service was sometimes slow but not complaining. The entertainment in the evening was enjoyable to watch.  We went on a couple of excursions. My 13 yr. old and I went to Manati Park, while my 15 yr. old went to the Marinarium with her dad. We all went on the Bavaro Runners excursion. It was a great experience for my daughters to witness how some of the Dominicans live. We stopped at a sugar cane field, a school, fruit plantation, a ranch (they went horseback riding for the first time) , a cave which was interesting (first time I have ever seen bats), and stopped at a grocery store. The ride itself is an experience all in its own. I definitely would return to this resort. The only reason I could give for not returning here is to visit another resort. I cannot think of any reason why you could not have a great vacation here.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	3	3	

<Author>craigo44
<Content>sun, sand and smiles Some people you can never please. If you want a 5 star go pay for it because this is a 4 star resort. We stayed at this hotel for two weeks from the april 12 - april 26. We flew with air transit from newfoundland canada.  If you reading this review you are wondering what the resort is like.It is a beautful place to visit.The problem with most resorts are the people who stay in them. Remember you are going to another country and i have a golden rule. Do on to others what you want them to do to you.RESPECT............. HOTEL..The Rooms are clean. The bed was comfortable and clean. I never seen one bug in this hotel. I love to have a clean room and sheets and i got that and more.The cleaning lady who cleaned my room was so so nice and i thanked her every day with one us dollar because this was inportant to me.you have to leave gifts on the pillow or they will not take it. Remember these people only get between 30 t0 40 dollars every two weeks and they work hard....tip with your heart.. look at them evey day and say hola, because you are in there country Respect.... FOOD.. there was plenty off food to eat .you will not go hungry. They will book 3 different restaurants for you when you check in. In some reviews people said the got sick on the food . maybee so but the 12 people went with us, didnt. I am very very fussy when it come to food safety.I only will eat if hot food is hot and cold food is cold . I never had a problem with it here. The wait staff in the dining room is the best.For 2 weeks they cleaned my table and got what i need to drink every meal and never had a problem. If we were in Canada and ate in a restaurant we would tip between 5 to 10 dollars for each time we eat out depending on the cost off the meal.I tipped 1 us dollar every meal .....Respect..... The beaches here are the best i have place my feet on. I travel alot and you will be happy here.You can walk in one direct and meet lots off people and walk the other direct and meet only a few. Its easy to be alone on this beach,. Very quite place to lie in the sun and tan.... I find at all the places were there is booze inclued, that people get very noisey and drunk. When you go to your room in the night time12 .. 1..2..3..or 4..am after a good time keep down your voice because noise carries and people are sleeping.... Bar..The drinks are really good here at sandys bar..Say hello to sandy , elizabeth and the rest off the bar staff. There are a lot off people staying at this hotel and everyone wants to get served first.. we are on holidays relex and they will mix you the best drinks ever. This was one off my best vacations because i took the time to enjoy my vacation and the people who helped make it happen....THE DOMINICAN PEOPLE...The staff at this hotel are the best....REMEMBER RESPECT ..... and give a little because we have so much......ENJOY YOUR HOLIDAYAll couples are respected here..Very gay friendly.....  
<Date>Apr 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>Carribeanprincess11
<Content>Had a great time at the Barcelo Punta Cana Just got back from the Barcelo Punta Cana Apr.20/07. First time to Dominican. Had a great time. Travel time is long from Vancouver. We got a great price $873 +tax and found the value for our money was excellent. This hotel includes a lot of water sports, we kayaked, boogie boarded and rode the banana boat all included. We also did a 2 hr snorkel trip through our hotel water sports centre for only $29. a great value. The meals were excellent we only ate in the buffet for dinner on the first day we arrived as arrival was late then every night we ate in one of the ala carte's. Had champagne with every dinner and lots of variety of meals, seafood, Japanese, Italian, Dominican etc. Most of the hotel staff were very friendly and helpful. The beach is gorgeous and that aqua water. At the moment this hotel is the last on the strip so to the left you can walk miles of deserted beach with no resorts. We really enjoyed this. I would definitely recommend this resort and would return.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dcisgay
<Content>holiday from hell well for a start if your travelling to dominician republic, make sure u put locks on your cases becuase otherwise you will have everything stolen- like we did!!!when u get to the hotel, you will have to stand like an idiot for half an hour to check in becuase the staff are so ignorant.the trips are rubbish- donnot go on the monster truck safari, its the most biggest rip off ever!!also dont touch the food becuase you will get salmonela poisioning like we have!!!!also even though it is all inclusive take lots of money becuase you wont get served unless u have a dollar in you hand. even if u just want milk in you tea- which by the way you have to beg for.make sure you tip the maid, because your fridge wont be filled, so yeah you should dehydrate nicely with ur salmonela.buy ear plugs because the noise at night time is ridiculous.dont ever think you will have a nice drink because if they dont get you in the resturant they will poision you in the bar!!see you guys on watchdog.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	3	1	1	1	1	

<Author>curlyj
<Content>First Visit to Punta Cana We are two families with teenagers, and have been to all-inclusives in Mexico before. We chose Punta Cana because of a better price point, especially since we were bringing the kids. We booked the Barcelo Punta Cana last-minute, about 4 weeks from departure date. It worked out to be about  of the brochure price. We had been watching prices and reviewing resorts, and we felt we got good value for our money. We travelled over Easter and other than no music on Good Friday, or banana boat rides during the weekend, everything appeared to run as normal. The resort was mostly full during the entire time we were there.I would rate this as a 3  to 4 star resort. They are working on upgrading, (things do appear old) and still have a ways to go. The location is beautiful, and the water pristine ?which is the main reason we are there. We did not have any problems with service or the staff.RoomWe did not get rooms (3) anywhere near each other, and they would not do anything until the next day (we did arrive late 9pm). We ended up in the same building, but not on the same floor. We did not want to waste any more time moving, so left it at that. We did e-mail ahead with our requests, but it is the Dominican. We did not have an updated room, but everything worked and it was clean and very quiet. The maid did a good job, and we tipped money twice and gifts twice, all of which were appreciated, as she left towel animals for us. The beer  pop is replenished daily by a different person, so if you have requests or want to tip, you have to do that separately. FoodAlways able to find something good to eat at the buffet, and all the ala cartes were very good (Paris was too slow and not air-conditioned). Also went to Tokio, Roma  Sombrero. Marlin was always full. If you are travelling with a large group, you will get reservations for ala cartes by room. You need to go to the front desk and have the rooms grouped into one reservation, otherwise each room may be sitting at a separate table. They try to be accommodating. Tip: show up 10-15 minutes before your reservation, or you may be waiting past your reservation time. Sombero bar by the water sports centre had chips, salsa and guacamole. At the buffet, fresh sugared donuts for breakfast were to die for. At the grill station at the back of the buffet they usually have three meat choices that they will grill fresh for you, if none are already cooked, you just have to ask. Pasta station was good, but way too slow. Desserts were quite good. Two in our party were sick for one day. Beach/PoolSpent our days at the beach and usually just before going up to the room stopped by the pool for a swim. The pool is very large and the water was warm. We were up to put out our towels at 6:30 am, and this was necessary, as the sun was very hot, and you needed to have a shady hut. We walked 45 minutes each way on the beach. Only one day, did we see any seaweed on our beach or in the water. The water was refreshing as it was so hot, and we had no rain the whole week. Clear and turquoise water and fine white sand. Beautiful. Played beach volleyball a lot, but did not participate in other activities. Book your free banana boat ride one day in advance at the water sports centre. The water sports centre is closed for siesta in the early afternoon. From there you can also sign out boogie boards  the waves are good in the afternoons. We booked the $29 snorkeling tour from there as well, and it was fine. The guide also took us to see the sharks and stingrays (just from outside the cage) and we drove by where they swim with the dolphins. It is interesting to see all the resorts along the way. You can take a water taxi from the resort to go to the markets on the beach, (we didn tho) for $10 pp return. Best time for pictures (lighting) on the beach is in the late afternoon.Other StuffVendors came to the hotel twice in the evenings. You can walk about 10-15 minutes down the driveway of the resort and to the left and there is a tourist market as well, if you want more selection. They have wireless internet between the bar and the theatre. Some who brought laptops were watching hockey games and checking playoff scores. There was a book exchange at the towel hut and they also had board games. No mosquitoes, except by the tennis courts. The resort photographer takes good pictures. Pick up the daily activity sheet from the kiosk in the lobby. Activities are also posted outside the buffet doors. DepartureWe were able to get late checkout on one of our rooms until 4:00 pm. Cost $40, but worth it to not have to worry about luggage or showering and you could spend every last minute on the beach. At the airport for departure it says you are not allowed to bring any liquids in your checked bags. Food and drink at the airport is very expensive. There is a new terminal area (to the left when you walk in) that is enclosed and has air-conditioning and duty free shops, and much nicer washrooms.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>welshtravellerUk
<Content>poor service we stayed at this hotel from 2nd april to 16 april 2007.Potentialy this could be a very good hotel,it was our fourth visit to Dom Rep and the service at this hotel was probably the worst we have had anywhere in the world.Service in all the resteraunts is slow and unwelcoming.The rooms are shabby and not very clean.The food is hot and plenty of choice,El Sombrero serves food 24 hrs but we found that the chef was drunk every night from approx 1.30am so choice was limited .In my opinion it is not worth the extra cost to upgrade to club premium although the staff at club premium lounge are the best at this hotel (Rosa  Bella ) they are fantastic and cant do enough for you. Shame the rest of the staff are not the same. Do not bother contacting Barcelo Headoffice they will not reply to your correspondance.A tip for anyone going there if you are lucky enough to be served at any of the lobby bars double up on your drinks.Barcelo need to get a grip on this hotel as I said it could be excellent.Good pool  beach excellent entertainment as far as Dom Rep goes.Fun Buggy tour well worth going on, but you can only book this on the internet.Monster Truck Safari dont bother better trips than this and less expensive.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	3	1	1	

<Author>Twilight36
<Content>Mixed feelings Just to make it short,,,, our stay between April 15-22, 2007 was OK. We've had better in Punta Cana. The 3 hour wait for our room after check-in was upsetting, especially after a LONG day of travelling. The only way to book reservations for a la carte dining was to be at reception by 9 a.m each and everyday. First come, first serve. Most times,, what you wanted was already booked. If you didn't get a beach towel in the a.m., chances were they would run out. The staff didn't seem friendly, only a few stood out. Wave a dollar bill and they come running. We called guest services everyday of our stay, for one thing or another. Either not enough towels for the amount of people staying in the room,,, the phone not working,, the fridge not working, no coffee, bla bla bla. On a better note, the hotel itself was nice, the grounds were awesome, the beach was beautiful. Lots of beach chairs, no problems getting one. Nice big pool. Drinks were going down nicely! :) Breakfast buffet was yummy. Tokyo rest.. was fun and great food. The Dominican rest.. was also great food. I give this resort, on average,,,5 out of 10. We won't go back to this resort. Mixed feelings  
<Date>Apr 24, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mscottcd
<Content>Loved It       The pool  
<Date>Apr 24, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>happyholidayer
<Content>First Dominican visit, definitely going back       looking out the front of the hotel opposite side from the beach  
<Date>Apr 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	3	4	3	

<Author>RNComeau
<Content>Great Vacation~ We were a party of four from April 2-9-! It was a wonderful vacation....Check-in: was more than perfect- Within 5 minutes I had the room requested by email. I had heard that building 6000 and 7000 was great and very quite.. Food: The TOKYO was very very good... Fun and the wine was GOOD! We also did the mexican twice: their fajitas were great: Both Turkey and beef was excellent!Beach: I have been several places: Coxumel, Costa Maya, San Diego, Cancun and Puerto Plata and that beach was by far the most beautiful beach I ever seen on! White powder sand! Just wonderful!Cabana: Or these thing that protects you from the sun: This is absolutely true- if you were not out by 730 it was very hard to get a spot......however tones of chair under the sun..Pool: I haven't tried the pool as I prefer the ocean... however the pool seems to be very popular.. and very nice!Staff: Very nice polite- Nerry at the Mexican was a sweetheart! Horilio from security was sweet too! Activities: Only been there once.. and it was ok! We normally went for dinner later and had a drink and went back to bed to get some sleep to enjoy the beach the next morningExcursion: We have been to Bavaro runners, we had fun wit Philips (PiPo) We went to See Christian's farm.... We bought some vanilla, coffee, Cacoa and some jewel that was nice!The room: I know that we are not spending any time in the room however this is my only downfall: The humidity was so bad that the bedding didn't smell very good! I sucked it up as it was not that important to me as the rest was great!  
<Date>Apr 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>bridesmaid3Ontario
<Content>Awesome beach, friendly staff We just returned from Barcelo Punta Cana, April 11-18/07. We went for a wedding, a group of 24. The beach was amazing, the waves were great for body surfing. A suggestion if you would like to get shade under one of the huts, we made friends with the lifeguard and tipped him a few times...everyday he saved us a sun hut. The food was average, nothing spectacular. Out of our group of 24, about half of us got sick for a day. Not sure if it was from the food or the booze. We discovered the 24hr beach snack bar the 4th day into our trip, pizza,  nachos...very good. We went to the Tokyo restaurant, Italian (both very good) and the Dominican (not so good). Our final night of our trip we paid and went out for dinner at Captain Cook's Restaurant (Seafood), it was worth every penny!! You book this were you go to book excursions. The room are average, but clean. The only complaint we had was the bar service was slow and you feel like you have to tip to get the best service. Other suggestions, when calling home, have the call charged to your room and not your credit card. We made 3 phone calls home and it only cost us $12 by charging it to our room. When going to the markets, barter, you can usually get what you want for half or less of what they were asking. Overall it was a great resort and we would definitely go back.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Kev&Carla
<Content>Great Relaxing Vacation at a Great Price!!       Beach - Waves were awesome!  
<Date>Apr 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>dave&cathy
<Content>Great time,loved it Booked our trip for april 5 to april 12 through transit airlines.We arrived in punta cana at 9:30 am and were shuttled to the hotel with no problems what so ever.Arrived at the hotel and we were early so our room was not ready but to be expected for that time of the day.Our bags were attended though except for our carryons,but no big deal,we were checked in around 2 ,but very friendly staff and good service all around.We walked around for a while checking out where everything was and how to get to everything ,big hotel ,but over all ,you never had a problem eating drinking ,finding chairs on the beach or the hotel pool,by the way amazing pool,very big.Lots of activities right on this resort,the trapeze,rock climbing,horse back riding,parasailing,kayaking ,banana boat,etc. In my review of this resort ,the food was excellent,the service was excellent,the entertainment was good,the staff were very good and friendly. We ate at the marlin restaurant,very good food,wasn't crazy for the lobster,but we are from the maritimes of canada ,best lobster in the world as far as I am concerned.Also ate at the tokyo,very good food and very entertaining where the cook cooks in front of you.Also ate at the sombraro,excellent food here if you like mexican ,this was the favorate for me. I cannot give anything bad to say about here,we stayed in punta cana last year and had a great time and we even had a better time this time ,so my hats off to a job well done by the staff there.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>MDEVO
<Content>Great Spot for the Money! We stayed from Apr 7-14, 2007. Had a great time!Check-in was no problem.Check-out even quicker.Grounds were beautiful, and clean. Beach was amazing.....enough said.Room was OK, and had a great view. Any problems were corrected promptly. We were in 5306 and overlooked the pool, and could see the ocean. Workers were performing upgrades daily.Food was fine. Tokyo was great (a little hot though), French,Mexican and Italian all good. Buffet had alot of selection but can get busy. Did not try the other restaurants.The pool/beach resaurant was not bad and had a nice outdoor grill.Had to use the doctor one day, and he was great. Fixed me up fast. Beware the sun is very strong and I SAW MANY THERE WITH SEVERE BURNS.Security was great, always walking around. My wife felt very comfortable.Most of the staff were great, considering the long hours and busy days. Got the odd frown or scowl, probably because we did not speak the language well.Kids had a great time ages 6  9,and they provided a nice cake and birthday sing song for the 9yr old.Entertainment was going every evening although most evenings after dinner we just had a cocktail by the piano, and went back to put the kids to bed. We also enjoyed having a Bohemia on our balcony listening to the ocean.The resort can get busy on the weekend, but was not bad during the week. The area was beautiful and the weather was perfect. Oh, nd do not worry about the iffy weather forcast online like my wife did!We are not too pickey, and enjoy a simple vaction.Overall, we would recommend this resort, and would return.ML  
<Date>Apr 16, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>lorBrighton
<Content>Fabulous holiday - would def recommend! My partner and I stayed at the barcelo Premium for the last two weeks of March and were over the moon with the place. It's huge, has loads to do, has LOVELY food and the beach was stunning. There is a dive and water sports centre at the hotel, and the prices were really reasonable. We spoke to several resort reps from the south and east coast of the dom rep and 9 out of 10 of them agreed ours was the best hotel around. The ONLY bad thing I have to say about the hotel is that the service in the bar was a bit slow unless you waved a tip at them, then they will remember you!Also, the hotel shops are expensive, but there is a market 5 mins away, which you can grab a bargain - be prepared to barter.We really do think this hotel was fab, we were a bit put off by some reviews, but everyone we spoke to at the hotel when we were there, were eqaully impressed and I would definitly go again anyday. If you're going there soon - I'm jealous!!!!!!  
<Date>Apr 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Immortal
<Content>Beautiful Beach, Great Resort for Price, would go back!!! The wife and I just returned back from our vacation. We went with my sister and brother-in-law and stayed at the Barcelo (formerly Breezes). The only aspect of our trip that could have been better were the rooms. They were just average. However, as we did not spend much time in the rooms, it was a non-issue. The beach is amazing, the grounds and resort were very beautiful. The food selection was great, however, picky eaters who do not like various types of food may not be too happy. The bartenders could learn to smile a bit more, however, after a few bucks of tips, they would remember you and make your drinks however you wish. Not much outside resort, except for some shopping. Did not take any excursions, so cannot comment on them. Overall for what we paid, the trip was above expectations, it is truly a 4star resort overall. Just be prepared for the 8hr flight if you are going from Vancouver, Canada  
<Date>Apr 16, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	5	3	-1	

<Author>rcklys
<Content>Wonderful, relaxing vacation My husband and I, along with another couple were there from March 29-April 5 2007. We had a wonderful time. the resort was great. We triedall of the restarants but the Dominican, and found them all to be great. The only problem we had was there needed to be a few more bars. Service time was a issue during peak times like during the shows. Also the disco might have been a better time if you could actually talk to the people at your table. I mean we are only in our late 20's but it was enough to give you a headache!!!! I would recommend this resort to anyone wanting to go to the D.R. The Bavaro Runners was also a wonderful day. It lets you see some of the countryside.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>bevrod
<Content>What a great vacation Just a few notes to say that we (myself, my 16 year old daughter, five of her friends and another mom) had an absolutely fabulous time at this resort.The staff were incredibly friendly and helpful.The buffet food was OK. The a la carte restaurants were good but service slow. I didn't mind, but six 16 year old girls were very impatient. The pool side BBQ was fantastic. We didn't starve by any means.The evening shows were good.The facilities were clean - with the exception of the public washrooms that seem to have major flushing issues.The pool was amazing - felt like you could swim forever.Would definitely go back.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	4	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>sun02
<Content>fab holiday, great hotel Have just returned from 2 weeks at this hotel what a fab holiday.We arrived in the evening check in was very quick.The hotel is situated on the best part of the beach, the beach is cleaned each morning, sunbeds are available all day but if you want a hut for some shade (recommended) you need to get to the beach about 7.00 and put your towels on a bed.The beach is fab white sand and clear blue water the water is quite rough but this was great for the boogie boards. The pool is very large and has a nice pool bar ask for the fernando special it was very nice. The pool is cleaned every morning and throughout the day you see someone walking round checking everything is okay. The gardens are cleaned every day and kept beautful.Doors and walls in some of the corridors were being freshly painted, lamps outside were being replaced.The hotel was very clean our room was cleaned every day and the fridge stocked with water and soft drinks. There was entertainment on through the day and they try very hard to get you involved. The food was very good we tried 4 of the al-a-carte resturants the japaneese being our favourite. We ate every morning and some evenings at the alcazar and found the food to be good quality and a good variety. Would also recommend the beachside barbacue makes great chicken and pork chops. I travelled with my husband and 10 year old son and none of us got sick. The only down side was the shop on site was very limited in what it sold and was very expensive especially for beach toys and balls. I would recommend you take these with you.The evening entertainment was only on for 1 hour 9.30 to 10.30 so the evenings are a bit quiet. But overall we had agood time and would stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>caribbeachen
<Content>Pleasant Resort       Beautiful Sunset - Barcelo Punta Cana  
<Date>Apr 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	2	5	-1	

<Author>smather9002
<Content>Best family vacation We just returned from our vacation yesterday. We had a great time. We are a family of 4. We have 2 kids aged 16 and 18. It was a perfect vacation. There was always something to do for us and our kids. We were nervous at first letting them travel on their own but after the first couple of hours we realized how safe it was. The people are so friendly and helpful.There are security people every where. I visited this web site many times before our trip.I thought we would get tired of the food and hate the beer according to the reviews. It was the complete opposite. Our son is a very fussy eater and snacks frequently. There was always food available and a great variety. He never complained and never was hungrey. We loved the buffett and only went to 3 of the restaurants. They were good too but we found if we planned to go to the buffett one night we were not as restricted for time. We did not have to leave the beach or the pool by 5 to be at a restaurant for 6. We could stay as long as we wanted and not have to worry about time.The beach was amazing.Large waves all the time. My husband and I walked many times up the beach to see other resorts and we both agreed that we had the best beach. If you like to walk you can walk for hours here, all on white sand. Our beach was never crowded and the water is clear blue. Some beaches looked crowded and some of their water looked cloudy. You will always get a lounger at the beach but if you want a hut you have to get up early.My husband was up at 7 am each morning and always had a hutt for us.We went snorkling and boogie boarding. Part of your all inclusive allows you to take out a board for 1 hour per day. The same with the masks and snorkles. I saw one lady giving the staff a hard time because they would not let her take the boards out in the afternoon. Her kids had taken the boards out that morning. She was so mean to the staff. Yeh thems the rules. They have 1000's of people at the resort they can not have everyone taking out a board when they please.Our rooms were kept very clean. It is an older resort so yes there are cracks and a few things that needed repair but that gave this place character. Our flush was running all night one night and the next day someone came to fix it.We did not even tell anyone.It must have been the maid. I noticed a largecrack around our door when we arrived and the next day they were repairing it.I never said anything it was like they read my mind.The staff was great. They worked so hard. Most staff were there 12 hours a day. I asked a few people when they worked and they said they worked as long as the hotel was busy. They work 12 hour shifts when busy and 8 or 4 hours when they were quiet. I asked when do you get a day off and they answered that they never know. There were some staff that were there the first day we arrived and still worked the day we left and they still had a smile on their face. They deserve any tip you give them.I can not say enough about this place from the service we got at the internet cafe to the nightly entertainment to the front door staff. It was great place to vacation and would recommend it to anyone. Paula-Marie Mather  
<Date>Apr 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sammyBrantford
<Content>nice resort,staff rude Nice hotel, nice beach, food was ample and in most cases a good variety, tasted good. Al carte retaurants were good and easy to get into. The front check in counter is as stated by others in your reviews as a bit of a problem very disorganized.Staff in the bar areas and pool areas and maids were sometimes rude. The entertainment was excellent and we had no problem with our room we overlooked the ocean and we could sit out on our balcony and watch the entertainment every night. Bring plenty of small American Money as you have a hard time getting change at the hotel.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>Lucky2Charm
<Content>Fantastic Family Vacation - Tips Before You Go - Very Helpful Our family vacationed here for 2 weeks (March 21 - April 4). The kids (aged 13  15) were blown away by their first experience with all-inclusive. We decided to reserve two rooms so that we were not crowded. My husband and I were upgraded to a suite, with 2 bathrooms, a Jacuzzi, king size bed and a balcony over looking the pool and beach. We did not spend a lot of time in our rooms though; there was so much to do at the pool and beach.Here are some of the best tips we picked up from previous reviews and our own experiences:- Take lots of $1.00 USD bills for tipping (shortage on site)- Bring candles for your room to enjoy romantic moments, or just to have on hand in case of a power failure. (We did have some power outages due to an evening thunder storm but nothing long lasting)- Bring all the sundries you think you may need as some are not available and everything on site is expensive. (Imodium, Pepto, Sun screen, after sun lotions for minor burns, benydrel cream, Pain reliever, Broad spectrum antibiotic cream, bug repellent, and good band aids that are water proof)-Take Fabreeze to freshen your room. It is very humid so the rooms can get a little musty.- Take some laundry soap for your hand washables. You will mostly wear bathing suite, shorts and light t-shirts. (You need collars and long pants for men to enter the ala carte restraunts)- Bring insulated coffee cups or drink containers for your beverages. They don't mind filling them and it will keep your drinks cold and reduce you trips to the bar for refills.- The staff love pins as tips, especially Canadian Flags, I took our Fire Department pins and they liked them best. I kept them on my hat and passed them out to the bar tenders.- If you venture off the resort, bring some trinkets and school supplies for the kids. This was a great opportunity to share what we consider every day items with children and families who have very little. We gave soap, tooth brushes and paste to the older people. They were extremely grateful. We gave pencils, pencil crayons, erasers, craft items, notebooks, colorful hair bobbles and Halloween size candy to the children. These items are expensive for the families and help the kids at school. I went to our local dollar store and for $30.00 got a ton of stuff. Ask the dollar store for a donation of items for you to take on their behalf.We went on four excursions and they allowed us to see the real Dominican and its people, as well as their diverse country.- Our best trip was the Bavaro Runners ($80.00 pp). This was an all day adventure into the hills where the plantations are. We visited a local family who grew coffee, cocoa, cinnamon and various fruits. We also visited caves, a ranch (went horse back riding), and small market were the locals shop, a school, and a sugar cane field. The kids really enjoyed the variety on this trip.- Our next favorite adventure was to the Marinearium. Go on the afternoon excursion as this allows you and opportunity to feed the stingrays and have a beautiful sunset cruise. You can snorkel on the reefs and see lots of marine life as well as swim in the aquarium with the nurse sharks and stingrays. The cruise staff is full of enthusiasm, they teach you how to dance to the local music, share their local beverages, and keep you Happy, Happy, Happy!Would not recommend renting a car as the drivers down there are crazy and the roads are the pits. (Remember this is a third world country)There is a huge buffet with a wide selection of foods to choose from. We enjoyed all our meals and the variety. By the pool they have a bar-be-que with pork steaks, hamburgers and chicken cooking all day, right next to an out door buffet with all the trimmings and condiments. We only suffered minor adjustments to the change in diet, and imodium managed the problem quickly for all of us.We did not experience any of the horrors we had read about in previous reviews. I think it is all about what your expectations are. If you want to enjoy a great family vacation this place is for you. We also felt safe and secure, appreciated by the locals, were well taken care of by the helpful and friendly staff, and really had a relaxing but exciting trip. The rooms are kept clean, and the towels were well used but always clean. I left a dollar and a chocolate on each pillow, each day, and our rooms were well taken care of. The maid left us lots of water, beer and pop in the fridge each day, as well as beautiful flowers and towel sculptures. We did not even use the free safe and nothing was amiss from our room. If you want to leave anything for the staff, they will only take what is left on your pillow.At the end of our vacation we left all the extras we brought for ourselves: feminine protection, Kleenex, laundry soap ECT. and the maid was extremely grateful. He hugged us all and gave me a great big kiss (on each cheek).As for bugs..... Saw the odd mosquito but nothing like here. We had no sand fleas or bed bugs. Saw the odd ant but I think they came from all the flowers our maid left for us.We would definitely return to this resort.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>stefanie140286
<Content>Read before you go!! Me and my partner stayed at the barcelo punta cana in feb, from 12th to 26th and we have both agreed we will NOT be going back.The first 3 days were ok, not great, but ok, the only good thing that we agreed on was the weather.I had my 21st birthday 2 days after arriving, and the day after i became very ill. I had the most awful stomach pains which doubled me over everytime i tried to walk. I had this for 6 days, from thursday through to the following wednesday, needless to say i was room bound for half of my holiday. When i did manage to venture out the following wednesday, i disovered that i was not the only one with this, as we got chatting to loadsa people and heard that 1 out of 2 of them had felt the same at some point in their holiday.Then the day after when i felt better, we had what we think was the end of a hurricane as the wind and rain was just phonomenal, absolute mental..... our next ray of sunshine was the day before we were due to come home!The food in the buffet hall is swarming with flies all the time, so bad infact, that me and my partner would not have breakfast, we would buy things for lunch, and on the nights where we were not alloated an a la carte resturant we were buying things from the shop for our dinner.Onto the a la carte resturants..... the el sombero mexican was lovely...apart from being situated on sand, and having a power ut while we were eating our starter, resulting in me being bitten alive by sandflies in the dark.... the food was great.The Conuco dominican resturant, the food, was great, the waiter was very nice and polite.The Tokyo japanese resturant was fantastic and entertaining at the same time, we went there twice, it was that good.However, the other resturants (Paris, etc) were awful. when we went to the paris resturant, we waited for about 45mins for our starter, another 45 mins for our mian meal, and we then left as we were not gonna wait another 45mins for dessert. The staff at Barcelo Punta Cana...... well... some of them were very nice, very smiley, very polite.... and others...well... they were not interested.The bar staff however were even worse... when we booked this holiday we were told by our travel agent that tipping was not permitted in this hotel... however now it is, and the bar staff were only interested in serving you if you had a tip in your hand. at one point i was at the beach bar, and i waited roughly a total of 30mins to be served, and all the people that were coming up with tips were getting served before me, inluding 2 seven-nine yr olds!!!The rooms in this complex were ok... they were not as nice as described or shown in the brochure... the day after we arrived, we had a note left on our door to say our room was going to be fumigated!!!! surely they should've changed our rooms or something, but they didnt, and it turned out when we went back, it hadnt even been done.what time we did have in the sun, we were surrounded by flies, and wasps, when we were by the pool....and when we went on the beach we were also surrounded with sandflies....which made it very hard to relax.if you have any questions, dont hesitat to contact and ask.xxsaucy_stefxx@hotmail.com  
<Date>Apr 7, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	2	2	1	1	2	

<Author>DR_Bride_2007
<Content>Wonderful, Fantastic, Terrific Trip! We just arrived home from Barcelo Punta Cana yesterday after a fabulous two week trip there (March 22 - April 5). We got married in our first week with 80 guests, and the second week was our honeymoon. Check InWell, we arrived around 10pm to find the power was out at the resort (it was also out at the Majestic, when we dropped other travellers off, so it wasn't a problem specific to the resort). The tour guide wouldn't let us off the bus, as it was really dark, and he didn't want us wandering around. We had to wait on the bus for about 30 minutes, while they set up candles to lead us to the buffet restaurant and then were let off. It was a minor annoyance, but in the end we got some cold beer, and the power turned on in a few minutes. Check-in was a breeze, we got a beautiful ocean view room in building 5 (#5411) which has had some renovations. The RoomWe had a FANTASTIC view - of both the ocean and the pool. Most resorts I've stayed in prior to this trip have had either a pool OR an ocean view, not both, so this was a pleasant surprise. We spent time each afternoon on our balcony taking in the scenery! The room itself was fine - no problems, a standard room. Two of our 80 guests were not happy with their rooms, one had a leaky ceiling, the other was above the nightly entertainment. They were promptly moved when they made a request. They weren't angry or dissatisfied with the resort for that, rather pleased with the staff for moving them without question. Just be polite and smile, and they're willing to do what they can to help!The PoolThis was the most beautiful pool of any resort I've visited. It was huge, with a swim up bar, and many little islands with palm trees. It was quite spectacular at night, all lit up, with spotlights on the palm trees. We spent most days at the beach, and would come up to the pool around 3pm. There were always lounge chairs free, although if you want one in the shade, those were harder to come by. They had a separate shallow pool for the kids, and there was a section of the main pool with a real gradual grade to it, similar to a beach shore. The kids seemed to have LOADS of fun there. I found the pool area clean and very nice, we saw people mopping the deck each night and they worked really hard to keep it clean. The BeachBEAUTIFUL! It was kinda wavy when we were there, which the staff said was a little unusual for that time of year. We had a ball body surfing and boogie boarding in the waves! The sand is powdery white, the ocean is a brilliant blue... what more can you ask for??? We loved the fact that the pool and ocean were so close to eachother - the layout of this resort is one of the best I've seen. There are two bars close to the beach, and the service was fine - I didn't notice any favourtism to those who tipped, the bar staff would serve people as they arrived. They were friendly enough - a smile went a long way!The FoodMy husband is a very picky eater, and he liked the food here - which says a lot! The Alcazar Buffet always had plenty of selection, and was open-air, with a breath-taking view of the ocean. The Marlin Buffet (breakfast and lunch only) had less selection, but was closer to the pool, so our usual choice for a late breakfast or lunch. There is a grill there, where you can get chicken, burgers, hot dogs, etc. The Sombrero is open for lunch and had awesome broasted chicken! This restaurant is an a la carte at night with Mexican food (also very good). We tried some of the a al cartes and loved the Tokyo the most. The night before the wedding we had 28 people there, and they put on quite a show, getting people up to cook with the chefs and making everyone laugh. The food was AMAZING there too! We also really liked the Roma restaurant - plenty of selection, and very good food. The Dominican restaurant was ok, but not as good as the Sombrero, Roma or Tokyo. We also tried the Marlin one dinner, and it was just ok - the steaks were overcooked. We did not try the Paris, but one couple did, and they said it was ok. Overall, I found the food to be quite good here. Out of 80 guests, we had about 5 or 6 have a little tummy trouble, but nothing that lasted more than a day, and it could have been from all the fruit and drinks!The WeddingWell, my wedding day did not go off as I had planned. Let me say that we found the wedding coordinator, Nicole to be absolutely AMAZING. She worked hard to make every request I had a reality, and was a dream to deal with. I wanted to get married on the beach, but on the wedding day it rained. We ended up getting married in the Lobby, which they did decorate quite nicely. The people who were delivering the flowers for the wedding got in a horrible car accident(no one seriously hurt), which made the flowers (and consequently the wedding) about an hour late. But the flowers were breath-taking and worth it. I had the trio of guitars walk my father and I down the aisle, they did the wedding march, which sounded quite pretty. The ceremony itself was quite short, and the Judge says it in Spanish, so I had an uncle translate for me (he was provided a paper with the English version, so didn't need to know Spanish). After the vows were said, and the first kiss, they have you cut the cake, and hand out champagne. We did a few pictures, and then it was time for dinner. We had a buffet dinner in the Conference Room, as this was the only room big enough for our group. The food was terrific! Our guests were all raving about how great the food was - there was lasagna, steak, potatoes, veggies, lobster - all very yummy! They had decorated the hall very nicely, with flowers on all the tables, and a very nice head table. The staff that served was also great - near the end of the night there were a few who joined us out on the dance floor (and made us all look silly!). We hired a DJ for the night, as he has a better sound system, but he wasn't that good - he sometimes played the same song twice in a row when lots of people danced. We had also prepared music on CD's, which he refused to play. I wouldn't recommend him, but nevertheless, our guests were all up there dancing and having a great time. Because we didn't get any pictures on the beach on the wedding day, we dressed back up a few days later, and took some pictures on the beach and around the resort - I'm glad we did this, I didn't want to at first. Again, I can't rave enough about the wedding coordinators, they work very hard and do a great job.Check OutOur flight didn't leave until 9:30 pm, so we were able to get a late check out, which worked really well for us. Check out was a breeze, and Nicole (the wedding coordinator) was there to make sure everything went smoothly and to say good bye.Overall, we would rate this a 5-star vacation! 80 is a huge group to bring anywhere, trust me I had some serious concerns that I wouldn't be able to please everyone. When our guests left, they ALL raved about how much fun they had - from my 75 year old grandmother, to the couple with young children, to the teen-agers... that says a lot about this resort. I would recommend it for a simple trip, or a wedding - I can't say enough!  
<Date>Apr 7, 2007
<Rating>5	4	3	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>8675309canada
<Content>The Beach is reason enough to return!!! We had a great time at this resort. After reading some other reviews of this resort we were very worried about our vacation. However there was no need to worry. There are some things at this resort that need work, but to put it in perspective, they are minor. Let me start at the beginning, Check in: Well this was probably the worst part of the trip, first of all they lost my room keys. Which turned out to be a great thing because after an hour of waiting for them to find them, they gave me a new room, an ocean view room! And we traveled with friends who were given a room that was in poor condition, and due to the issues with their room, they got upgraded close to us. So we both ended up with great views!  Rooms: They are average rooms, clean, no insects no dirt! They could do with a makeover, but I understand the difficulty when it is full everynight! Small things are getting done and you can see the progress. I was happy enough with my room, the view was awesome, hearing the waves everynight and everymorning was just fabulous! The fridges are great, really cold! There is a small freezer part that is big enough for little ice packs if you want to bring them.They are stocked faithfully, you can leave a note with your requests and it was honored! We liked Pepsi and not the beer, and we got extra Pepsi and coke everytime we asked. Pool: The deck is very crowded and cluttered. Hard to get a good spot, have to climb over people to get where you want to go. Decided after one time, it was to busy an area for us. We liked the room the beach provided the ocean was better than the pool!  Restaurants: Well, on check in you are given 3 reservations. We had one our first night, it was the Paris! This had to be the worst food we had all week. It was a nervous start, however we learned that this was the worst and it was over with! After that first night, we had the best of food, no one was sick. We brought a super pack of immodium, and did not need them! ahha The Tokyo is the best food choice on this resort. We were there 3 times. The show makes for a fun evening, however they will make the food exactly as you want it! My husband does not like garlic, and they cooked his meat separately without issue. They serve the best deep fried ice cream in the world! Be sure to try some! We also loved the Mexican, very good food there as well. Lunches were spent at the Mexican as well, they have the best nachos. We had them almost everyday for lunch along with the chicken! We had the buffet for breakfast only and had no problems, fruits, breads, omelets got us through the week. Bars: We read about the tipping to get service, never happened to us! I did not see any preferential treatment, people were served in the order they came to the bar. Some tipped some did not, as far as I saw they got the same service. They have many different drinks, you need to ask about them, they serve mudslides, blue lagoons, long island ice tea and white russians etc..Baileys was plentiful and only on a few occasions they were out, mostly at the pool bar.The Lobby bar has the best cappuccinos, be sure to have one! The Beach!: What can I say, the best I have ever seen, the water is beautiful! We spent most of our time here, you can see a pool anyday, you have to take in as much of this experience as you can. Entertainment: We enjoyed the shows, the disco is terrible and appeared to be more of a hangout for overly intoxicated people. We only went there once and decided it was not for us! The Casino, well, we walked in and walked out of there it was not for us either. We spent some time at the sports bar, the boys had fun with the air hockey tables and other activities. We booked a snorkeling tour at the local beach water sports centre. We had a great time, it was 29 dollars, got great pictures, saw fish that looked liked the movie Finding Nemo! We used the boogie boards,sail boats, and kayaks at the water sports centers, never had a problem!  Overall, We loved this place. Couldn't get enough of the beach. The weather was awesome, not a drop of rain. If there is one comment I can say, it to remember to find ways to treat/tip the non service focused staff. We saw many of the maids leaving with bags of items, the bar tenders, the restaurant staff all have the means to earn tips. The ground keepers, maintence and security staff have less potential for the tips. After our first couple of days, we decided to look after the gardeners etc. Their appreciation was unbelievable. We would bring water to them everyday and did our best to make a difference for them. You will have a great time here! We are looking forward to seeing Punta Cana again! We will visit a different resort simply because I would like to see a different resort, but I would not hesitate to return here.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	2	4	4	

<Author>BaddeckCamper
<Content>Cape Breton, Nova Scotia, Canada: Loved our vacation! My husband  I just returned from our vacation @ Barcelo, Punta Cana Mar 17-31/07. Had a Great Time! After reading all the reviews before we left we did not know what to expect. Please read these reviews with an open mind as everyone can have a different opinion, depending on their expectations  needs. We stayed in section 5 and had no problems; lots of hot water, etc. The maids were wonderful  made sure we had everything we needed (even flowers everyday). The food was really good, as was the entertainment in the evening. The beach was the best of all the resorts on the strip (we walked over 1 1/2 hours). Some days the water was a little rough, but lots of fun! We met a lot of great people, including the staff (especially Stephanie, what a sweetheart). Our only complaint would be with some of the bartenders who would totally ignore you unless you Showed them the Money. We did not have a problem tipping (which we did) but when you consider you are paying for an all inclusive shouldn't you tip for the service not the drink? Overall, the trip was wonderful; we would not hesitate to go back to this resort.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Anitahand2
<Content>So,So for the Money! This was our first trip to the Dominican and friends from Halifax asked us to meet them,so off we went.The check in was Terrible.We arrived at Noon and were told our room was not ready and to come back at 3Pm?We opened our luggage and got changed and went to the beach.Ok,No Problem!We came back at 3:30 and the room wasn't ready?Checking the room number we went upstairs to check ourselves.there were no maids in site other than some guys working on the door in the next unit.back downstairs to find that our room was now ready,Hurray!They gave us the keys for the room and back up we went only to find out that the locks were changed and now had a New swipe card lock.back downstairs to get a Key again.The room was Ok and appeared clean.This room was located at the back side of the hotel and the balcony was considered a Garden view.It actually overlooked the Employees entrance and the road with a little bit of forest and some garbage.The sliding doors to the balcony need overhauled as they are very hard to open and close. Our friends from Halifax recommended that we upgrade our room as they had a similar type of room and upgraded to a Pool view Suite at an extra $60.00 US a night .My wife and I went down to the Check in to try and upgrade,but were told that nothing could be done until the next day! Well,Nova Scotian's to the rescue and with a little bit of East Coast charm and a $$$$$ Tip we were upgraded to an Ocean View that night at $30.00 US a night! Beautiful!!! There was only one surprise one morning as 2inch long cockroach scurried under the door,but hairspray to the rescue and it was all over for him.we had been warned previously that these critters dont like light,so we left a hall light on all night just in case. I'm not saying our first room was Bad,but there was no view.Now to enjoy ourselves!There is a wide variety of foods available and were quite Good,especially in the Buffet!The restaurants are all good,except for the French Restaurant as far as the food is concerned.The waiters have a tendency of Forgetting parts of your Meal and this was common at all the retaurants,eg-soup or salad or desserts,etc.The beach is excellent and the sand is not coarse.you can walk for miles.There are virtually No peddlars on the beach pestering you to buy trinkets,other than those trying to sell excursions.They don't bother you at all. The water is nice,but Rough,WATCH THE UNDERTOW AND DONT LET LITTLE ONES GO IN ALONE,IT CAN BE SCARY.Overall the resort is nice,but old.The Service is Poor at about 50% and unless you tip,it can be non-existant.My experience in life has been that if you do a Good job,then you should get recognized for it,via a tip,but here a tip gives a good job,so it's a little like putting the cart before the horse.Apparently,Barcelo has a 2 year plan to upgrade this hotel and spend a couple of million $$$,so maybe I'll wait until then to return and maybe they'll have trained their staff a little better by then.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	3	3	1	2	1	

<Author>BusandGolds
<Content>Saki, Saki, Saki Dont read the negative reviews. We went to Premium Barcelo Punta Cana for a week from 1st March 2007 and had a fantastic holiday. If you like canadians this is the place for you!!!. There was plenty of entertainment throughout the day which was fun, there was lots of food, however not much for the vegetarians, but we did not starve.The staff were soooo friendsly couldnt fault them. Remeber to bring some small change for tipping. It is not essential but the staff really appreciate it. Remember to check out the Tokyo restaurant and sample their saki. Although we didnt sample all the restaurants they all seemed popular.We would recommend going to Saona Island. Well worth the money.Overall a brilliant holiday..... A great escape from the British Winter.If you go, say hi to Sam the Thomson Toliday Rep. She was so helpful, friendly and always smiling.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>dekcom
<Content>Awesome I just returned from holiday at the Barcello in Punta Cana, all I can say is it was awesome. When got there our air conditioning wasn't working and the patio door wouldn't lock put a note on the door and it was fixed the same day. The food was great at the buffet and the al'carte restaurants were also great. We had rain one full day and there was plenty to keep you busy inside the lobby with contests and groups gathering. We realized that it was an older resort when we booked, it used to be a Breezes but the new ownership has been a positive thing, renewing paint, replacing light fixtures etc. Our oceanfront view was unbelievable. The beach was great could walk forever, not good for swimmers because of the huge waves. We enjoyed playing in them. The bars offered excellent drinks not just rum  coke or beer.The personal were courteous and if you left a small tip or gift thay would not forget your face!! I would definitely go back again!!Nadia  
<Date>Apr 3, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SJB123
<Content>Great hotel, working to be better! My partner and I have recently returned from a wonderfully relaxing holiday at the Barcelo Premium Hotel Punta Cana. Reading some of the reviews on this site and others I was a little worried before we left that the hotel would be run down and that we would not enjoy our holiday - i couldnt have been proved more wrong.Transfer - The transfer from the airport was short and went smoothly, check in took around 20 - 30 minutes due to the large number of guests arriving at once. There is a drinks machine outside the hotel so that you can serve yourself refreshments whilst you wait. Room - Out of the 600 or so rooms we were lucky enough to have a room with a sea view which was wonderful. The room itself was nothing to write home about, it smelled a little damp and the wardrobe mirror was marked but other than that it was more than adequate for a room we spent very little time in. Throughout our stay the staff were constantly making little improvements to the room but always during the day whilst we were out. It is worth noting that most of the rooms with a sea view will be directly above the Alcazar Buffet Restaurant which was rather noisy (lot's of dropping plates!) early in the morning and up to around 11pm. This did not interfere with our holiday as we were mainly awake during these hours but people with small children could possibly find this a problem.Beach and Pool - The beach was absolutely beautiful, clean white sand and crystal clear blue water. The pool was also pleasant and we spent most days there to avoid sand getting everywhere. To safely secure a parasol (highly recommended) you will need to be up early (around 7am) to put your towel out. It gets VERY hot in the mid day sun and having an umbrella to retreat under was a necessity. It can get rather loud around the pool at points during the day with the activities put on, we never felt the need to participate preferring to read our books so the repetitive DJ did grate on the nerves after 2 weeks!Food - With 7 restaurants to chose from there is definitely something for everyone. We did most of the speciaility restaurants twice our favourite by far being the Japanese - gorgeous food with a little entertainment thrown in. The main buffet restaurant had quite a large variety of food but it could be a little bland. After two weeks the pattern did repeat but we always found something to fill us up.Heath - both my partner and i had slight stomach upsets during the two weeks but this is to be expected in a country where the food and drinks are so different. I would say that if you are careful not to drink the water and make sure you have stomach medication to take at the first signs of trouble you should be ok. We both took malaria tablets as a precaution, however i was only bitten on the evenings that we ventured on the the beach after dusk!Overall the staff were very friendly and helpful, they respond enormously to the use of Spanish rather than English. They are trying really hard to update and improve things that have become a little run down and if you dont let little things like peeling paint spoil your holiday then you should have a wonderful time.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	2	4	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>footballfamily
<Content>beautiful place We stayed here for 1 week (march 22-March30,2007) We took our 2 children age 5  9. Dont let the weather on the internet fool you. It said thundershowers all week but we had 1 day of a storm and a few showers another day. The rest of the week the weather was extremely hot. Some suggestions for people **take a traveling mug for your drinks.. they only give you small cups and the drinks melt asap **very important** There wasnt alot of children activites through out the day. If you are taking younger children take their life jackets for the ocean!! and a airmatress for the pool. It is costly to buy one there, you will use even if you do not have children with you. We loved the Tokyo rest!! The night shows arnt the best but they are a little entertaining. There is a little flemarket about a 15 min walk. DO not waste your money going by taxi to the other bigger one. All the stuff is the same and they really hassle you there. (remember stuff in the dominican is double the price to buy then in Mexico and the same stuff) We heard the tour swimming with the sharks and stingrays was the best tour around (I think it was about 68 us pp) Bring lots of sunscreen as you burn fast here. The beach is beautiful, make sure you walk the whole beach to see everything. We bought things to give away to the children there but only seen 1 child in the market, so no need to do this unless you have plans on going right into a town. Overall, nice hotel, clean. *** if you want the quiet section of the hotel ask for section 6 or 7. We stayed in room 7101 and it was a great location, close to pool and beach (also very quiet) section 2 you are right around the party area and it is loud. We flew Air transat.. Good idea to spend the 15 pp and researve your seats when you book..We paid around 1000pp and feel it was worth it. I would not pay 1500 pp for this so watch and try to get the best deal. We booked through Itravel2000 or watch on escapes.ca. Great place and great holiday!!The PencersDelta B.C.March 30, 2007  
<Date>Mar 31, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	2	3	4	

<Author>walkinonsonshine
<Content>The Whole Truth Stayed @ this property and did find it to be extremely aged,( it was bought by the Barcelo from Breezes some time ago.. had terrible food, and the rooms were not nice at all.. If these things are important to you, then this resort is NOT for you..the food was a huge disappointment, the matresses were very poor, the housekeeping service was sub par.However, ~the Dominican people are wonderful ! Very kind  friendly.The trapeze, rock-climbing wall are super. The beach is nice. However, we wish that we would have not gone to this property .. saved a little more $$ and returned to Cancun again, or Puerto Vallarta, Hualtulco or Ixtapa.Had been to Puerta Plata previously and found it to be nicer because unlike this location ,you are not locked in.. nothing nearby for fun or shopping, no public transportation etc.. IF we would have gotten sick or in need of medical attention, it would have been disasterous...Many people we spoke with did enjoy the resort, but ALL had never been to All Inclusive Resorts in Mexico or anywhere else.Really hope this helps..  
<Date>Mar 31, 2007
<Rating>2	1	1	1	1	3	2	-1	

<Author>Readytogo
<Content>Great Vacation Barcelo Punta Cana ReviewFamilygal from Canada March 7-21, 2007Once you land you feel the intense heat, walking from the plane to the airport building you are sweating! Going though was a breeze. The bus ride was about  hour in a air-conditioned bus. When you arrive at the hotel they have two kinds of waiting for you in a self serve machine it was nice and refreshing!Check in ?no problems here we got two rooms side by side as requested and the rooms were ready when we arrived. You receive two room keys, a safe key and a form for beach towels.Rooms- nice size nothing too fancy. We were in building 5 second floor. We had a new shower curtain, new soap dispenser which held shower gel, shampoo, and conditioner. In the bathroom 2 bars of soap,shower cap and comb are in a small basket. 2 double beds with new blankets on them, desk and chair, two end tables, and about 7 drawersfor clothing. We had enough hangers in the closet for two people. Amini fridge, which held, 4 bottles of water, 2 Pepsi and 2 7-up. This was refilled everyday.Our maid had the room cleaned most days by 11:00 AM only once it was cleaned around 4:00 PM and this was by a different maid our maid was off that day. We tipped daily $ 2.00 and a token gift like nail polish, toothpaste, knee highs. Be careful if you are buying gifts only for females we saw at least 3 male maids.Restaurants-We ate at Tokyo, El Conuco, Paris, Roma and El Sombrero. They all seemed to be fine. Make sure you take your camera to Tokyo the chef puts on a really good show. Buffets -lots of food to choose from always two soups, salad, pasta, French fries then a variety of other foods. You will not go hungry! We always had lunch at El Marlinit was close to beach and pool.Bars and Drinks- There are 5 bars and one in the disco. I tried many drinks my favorite was sex on the beach and bombe. In the evenings the lobby bars tended to get a little busy. Both my hubby and I enjoyed a cappuccino after dinner in the lobby.Pool- Very large with lots of loungers, we never had a hard time finding loungers. Umbrellas it was the luck of the draw. Yes people save umbrellas but the part that bothered us was the people saving both umbrellas at the pool and huts at the beach.Beach- AMAZING! Waves were big, sometimes the undertow strong. We had one red flag day in two weeks. Lots of water sports to take part in. kayaks, boogie boards, catamarans, windsurfing, banana boat.Medical- we never got sick however my husband did have an allergic reaction to something. I convinced him to see the house doctor when his lips were at least 4 times the size of normal lips! Be sure to call your insurance company before you go to the doctor. Doctor Hector spoke English and we were taken care of promptly.Phone calls to CanadaIn the room there is a note saying to call Canada dial 11 then the area code and number. An English speaking operator comes on and asks you want you want to do. I said make a collect phone call to number?. she promptly replies that that number will not accept collect calls (strange I have never heard of that before). She then says to complete the call she needs a Credit card number. I only had to call my parents to tell them we arrived safely so I figured it wouldn cost much. So silly me gave the number. When we got home I downloadedmy MC transactions and that 1 minute 22 second call cost me a whopping $49.80!! Thank goodness the other 4 calls I made I billed to my hotel room. 4 calls totaling 22 minutes grand total bill at check out time was only $18.00Check outNo problems at all, remember to bring back your beach towel form to the front desk. They only delay was waiting for 3 college boys to board the bus. They must have partied to much the night before. Whenthe front desk called to tell them the bus was leaving, they were still sleeping. Needless to say when they got on the bus 10 minutes later they did not look so good!!Other ItemsBe sure to haggle with the vendors that come to the hotel. Their prices start off very high, and then they ask you hat do you want to pay?go low and then you can both meet in the middle.Take lots of sunscreen- it was very hot.We took malaria medication to be on the safe side however we did not get any bites. On the plane one lady had lots of mozzie bites; she was at a different hotel. (Maybe they had lots of stagnant water-not sure)We did two excursions. Manati Park and horse back riding along the beach. My girls enjoyed both tremendously; my husband and I thought the Manati Park was a rip off. We would not recommend this tour to our friends and family.Lots of things are being done around the resort. Every day I saw people painting, removing mattress and replacing them, tiles being replaced. I strongly believe they are doing their best to upgrade the hotel.Please please be careful around the pool, the tiles are very slippery when they are wet.Remember that a smile goes a long way! We always said ola?to any worker that passed us by. It didn matter if they were a gardener or waitress or person that cleans the bathrooms! If you have any questions please feel free to e-mail me. Be sure to put Barcelo Punta Cana in the subject box. Mcaruso2393@rogers.comMargaret (AKA familygal  
<Date>Mar 26, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Puntabride
<Content>Wonderful Wedding, Great Time!! We were a group of 10 that stayed at the Barcelo from 03/10-03/17/07. We booked our trip in October of last year so I've had many months to read reviews and get alittle worked up. What a waste of time!We choose this resort back when it was Breezes and the wedding was free, except for Government fees which were $300.00 when we booked but were raised to $570.00 a month before we left. NOT THE HOTELS FAULT!!This was my husbands and my third trip to Punta Cana, we fell in love with it back in 2000 and knew that's where we were going to be married.The wedding was beyond beautiful - our friends say the pictures look like postcards with the amazing blue ocean behind us.We met with the wedding coordinator 2 days before the wedding for 25 minutes - picked out flowers, setting (the beach) and where we wanted dinner (Marlin - we wanted to feel the ocean breeze and not be enclosed). Everything went perfectly and I would do it all over again exactly the same in a heartbeat.The 4 couples with us had never been to Punta Cana before and they, like us, fell in love with the beach, the people and Barcelo resort.Everyone found something to eat everyday, we went to all of the ala cartes except Paris and loved the Tokio and Roma.The only sickness was overindulgence of liquer. And the best way to cure that is to get right back on the horse that bucked you!We did the Bin Bon snorkling tour which included a lobster dinner for $65.00 per person. Fun! See Hector on the beach to book.Check in and check out easy! Towels are scarce but they bring them right away. Tip and you will become a favorite quickly. They deserve it too.Also, don't forget your insulated mug - the glasses they give you do not keep drinks cold for long. Bring extras as gifts - they were begging for ours. Smokes are $5.00 per pack not $12.00. But yes everything is more expensive down there.Wonderful waves, boogie boarding, body surfing, walks, drinks, friends, food and the love of my life. Isn't that what vacation is all about!  
<Date>Mar 23, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>sugarshorti7
<Content>Very Nice Overall               More photos  
<Date>Mar 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>thunder_lin
<Content>Great Vacation       Our Room  
<Date>Mar 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>waix0713
<Content>Things I wish I'd known... I just got back from my 4 day vacation and the entire time I was there I was thinking I can't wait to write about this on tripadvisorI read the reviews everyday for a week before I booked it. I had a great time but only because I went with great company. The beaches are beautiful.As far as the resort, the rooms were extremely clean and the most of the staff was really helpful. Here is my advice for the rooms, the resort is built like a horshoe. I stayed in building 6 and this was the second best to building 7. We booked the cheapest room and we still had a balcony facing the pool and we could still see the ocean.. not really well but it was a great balcony to be on. We were in building 6. Originally we were booked in building 2. YUCK but at the front desk when I checked in I asked to see a map of the hotel and had them move me. So do it if you can!The food is not so good.. actually alot worse than I had imagined. They had the same things everyday and we managed to get into 2 restaurants, Tokyo and Marlin.. still not good at all! To me, food is really important because that's why all-inclusive sounds fun to me.. so if it is important to you, consider a better resort. This can get long so I'll just bullet my points1- if you're going to eat at Marlin, you can get 2 lobsters on one plate.. they don't tell you this but i speak spanish and overheard a waiter commenting.. so if you order the lobster, ask them to put two of them on one plate2- If you are young, like we are (we are 24-25), the nightlife is not good. It is mostly alot of older european and canadian people so the only thigns to do after 11 is hang out at the bar and drink their house liquor.3- the casino.. a JOKE. if you're enticed by the casino, don't be! there were about 25 slot machines and half of them were out of order. They had one black jack table open and that was it4- all the beer they have is Presidente on tap but if you want to try a better beer, go to the casino and get a Bohemia (it's bottled) or you can get it at the restaurants. 5- The cab ride should be around 35 dollars to and from the resort.. so take note of this when you consider making arrangements with your resort. (they wanted to charge us 50)6- BUY AN INFLATABLE FLOATING DEVICE.. a lifesaver or one of those water mat things.. they sell them at the resort for about 20 usd and if I'd known, I'd have brought one.. most people don't think of this,. but it's fun!! so BRING ONE!7- Also, buy all you need BEFORE you get there! sunblock was like 20 usd, lotion about 10 usd and cigarettes 12 usd.All in all, the beach is gorgeous! plenty of beach chairs and bad food. However, if i go to punta cana again, i will try a difrerent resort. The food was disgusting (but edible) the drinks were all house liquor (except they had kahlua and bailey). If you are enticed with their snack bar, don't be because their pizza was gross and the nachos were chips and salsa. If you care about the casino, don't come here. If you are looking for a happening night spot.. partys on the beach tons of alcohol and young people.. I don't recommend this place.This place is good if it's your first time and you are on a budget because it's clean and gorgeous. It's a good place to visit if you plan on being up at 9am and going to bed around 10. Those are the kind of people I think this would appeal to. It is definately quiet and there are always people willing to help. I have so much more to write but I can't.. maybe you can contact me if you have questions I would be more than happy to help.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	5	4	2	4	-1	

<Author>PACA-ATMA
<Content>Great Place (especially for 4-12 yr old kids) My 8-yr old daughter and I had a great stay at the Barcelo Punta Cana (aka Bercelo Premium formerly Breezes) during Mar10-17'2007 for her school 1-wk vacation. Lots of folks were there and most all seemed quite happy. Read on.Most enjoyable for a 5 out of 5 rating at the hotel were the spacious, gorgeous, clean swimming areas (pool and white-sand beach), plus the trapeze/trampoline clinics for the kids. The staff at the trapeze  rock-climbing activities and the kids club were super great.The nightly shows were good to okay depending on the night's theme ... more female dancers or hosts are needed for the male audience members though :-). Some mosquitoes in the open ...The hotel's main restaurant (buffet) was 3.5 out of 5 ... fair variety of reasonably good quality dishes, etc., although I believe I got some stomach problems from the breakfast fruits. Walk with stomach medication just in case. The room was reasonable and clean (w/ a somewhat noisy a/c unit) ... maybe a bit smallish, although I may have gotten a recently renovated room. Courtesy bottled water for rooms and at the bars was available.Off-site excursions were also great although a bit expensive: horse back riding, farm/mountain/sugarcane/beach tour, Santo Domingo capital city tour (bus was a bit stuffy though) and the animal park to go swim w/ the dolphins and get your pictures taken. All good for the kids.All in all I give a 4.5 out of 5 rating. But please remember to tip, especially when you get good service. Also, trying to speak a little Spanish would be nice. And you have to be like a hawk to get pool/beach chairs. Adios.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>rachaelrdp
<Content>What a great place!!       room view  
<Date>Mar 12, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ballerinanatalie
<Content>great vacation We stayed at the Barcelo Punta Cana from Feb 22- Mrch 1st 2007. We had an amazing holiday. This was our first time to the DR as we usually vacation in Cuba. We had a wonderful time this hotel is huge and there is so much to do that you cannot get everything done in only 8 days. The facility itself was rather nice, sure it had some things that needed to be fixed as it is defininately by no means brand new. The beach at the resort is amazing, but beware the waves can get a little bit ridiculous. The drinks at this resort were great they made em nice and strong. The food in the Alcazar buffet was medeocre, howvere we are both very picky eaters and found something everyday. The only problem with the buffet was that it was getting rather repititive after a while. If you are picky sticky to the pasta bar you cannot go wrong. As for a la carte restaurants we ate at the Roma, Tokyo and Paris. Tokyo was amazing and is a must one of the best stir frys I have ever tasted, Roma was decent but the cheese that they use in the DR is not too good, Paris was also very good. The beach at this resort is gigantic. The staff are friendly and they are alwas working really hard. I think the hardest workers there had to have been the gardners people forget about them and do not tip them, they are so hard working that it is unbelievable, if you ever have extra water or pop toss it to them they are truly greatful. The rooms were decent had a little bit of a musty smell to them but it is to be expected with humidity like they have, nothing a few incents won't cure. Bees, I have never seen so many bees in my life they are everywhere but they are not like Canadian Bees they do not bother you. As for excursions we did 3. We did the Barcelo Runners ($80 US) and worth every penny, a MUST!!!! What an awsome safari you learn so much and you really get to experience the Dominican and see what it is really all about, educational yet fun at the same time. We also did the swimming with the Dolphins at Dolphin Island, this was great but in my opinion not really worth the $95 U.S. The last thing that we did was the snorkelling tour offered from the Water Sports Centre, the cost of this was $29 US. We had a blast the fish you see are amazing just dont forget to bring bread with you. As for the entertainment that is where this hotel is really lacking. Their dancers are not good at all, they are not in sync and are rather boring to watch the only reason the men seemed to like it was because of the rather skimpy costumes. All in all we had a blast, we would definately visit Punta Cana again just probably try a new resort. If you have any questions fire away.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>IBickerton
<Content>Thaks Marta - I. Bickerton Smiths Falls Ontario I spent one week at this hotel (Feb. 4 - Feb. 11). The weather was sunny and 30 every day. My room looked out over the ocean and the pool. The beach was nice and clean and the pool was one of the best I have been in. The staff was friendly and went out of their way to give you good service. Restaurants were clean and the food was good but somewhat limited in the buffet.The only bad thing was that four out of five of our group became sick, bur being experienced travelers were prepared for thistype of emergency with medication brought from home.The best thing about this trip was that I met a beautiful lady named Marta along with her daughter from Poland, who I found very easy to talk to. If she reads this report,please try to write me!!!  
<Date>Mar 3, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	3	5	3	

<Author>danid921
<Content>Mixed review ok, This is my 4th time to DR. The others were: Iberostar Dominicana, PC, Sunscape the Beach, PC, and Occidental Puerto Plata. I will be comparing only to these other hotels not to my other destinations(not fair to compare to europe, us, etc). I also went alone on vacation this time around so had lot of time to take it all in :Check in- a Breeze. I guess it depends on how many people come to this hotel on your flight. Be patient. I had no problem with customer service as others have said the opposite. don't forget to ask for your free Safe KEy.Room- decent. NOthing to complain about. I 've heard nightmare stories, though. I had no hot water on my last day but thats the only complaint about rooms itself. It seems as they are renovated a building at a time. starting with 7 and moving backward. I was in 5 and it was neat and clean. Not as nice as iberostars and sunscape, though. jUst being honest here. Room service- i've had better at the 3 other hotels. I'm used to leaving 2 dollar tips for the maid and having a clean room with little treats on my pillow. NOt here, though. that's ok for me. I don't really care too much.p.s. you have to leave a note for the maids here telling them the tip or gift is for her.Beach- great. soft sand. lots of waves and strong current right now so be careful. the water was prettier than Sunscape as sunscape was on the the Atlantic ocean (but thats the ONLY complaint about Sunscape the beach!)Pool- it was nice. not much to comment on :)Activities-not so great. It wasnt' as exciting as fun as compared to iberostars. I look forward to the staff coming and getting you to join in for dance lessons on the beach or by the pool. That was lacking here. Food- sorry but i am not picky AT ALL, believe me. But, I did not like the quality of food. The variety was so-so. I missed the yummy breakfasts i've had at others and all the fresh fruit shakes, etc. I only can comment on 2 of the specialty restaurants. Tokyo- not bad. but very salty. Mexican- not good. Drinks- Lots to choose from. I got Absolut when i asked for it. The guys serving drinks at the Lobby bar 2 (near the Paris rest.) were great. Hard working and very attentive. made me anything i wanted and tried to keep up with the swarm of people that would get annoyed waiting 3 minutes for their 100th drink of the day... so, here i'm saying the service i received was great!Check out- a breeze.I was constantly hear people complain about the most ridiculous things in my opionion. I've gone to italy, greece, costa rice in the past so I don't feel i should compare food to those places. But I think i can safely compare this to other hotels.I wouldn't come back only b/c i didn't like the hotel as well as the others and i like to try different places when i come. I would def. not deter anyone from coming either. It wasn't a dump as some have described but there are others a bit nicer too. . As far as service and the rooms in general, it was def. worth the money. Overall, DR is an affordable trip and its the Caribbean so I would not have huge expectations and just go and have fun.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	5	5	3	

<Author>Rach&Chris
<Content>Hell hole!! We stayed at this hotel the week starting the 22nd Jan 2007 and it was truly horrendous!! Check in was a joke, we were waiting ages for our room. Our room was absolutely appalling we had holes in our wall, plug sockets came away from the wall when they were used, holes and cigarette burns in the bedding, the fuse box had no cover (not exactly ideal if you have kids) my boyfriend had 2 open the wardrobe for me everytime I wanted something out of it as it came off its runners and would get jammed! We had holes in our roof were at night we developed a skylight, the bath was full of chips and marks with limescale and dirt covering the plug hole and shower head, the toilet blatantly hadnt been cleaned for a long time and the only way to open the plug in the sink was by using scissors! not to mention the general state of the hotel, wires dangling on corridors, smashed roof tiles and cracks in the floor!The worst bit however had to be 'alcatraz' the buffet restaurant, were birds and flies freely roamed all over the food, this put us off so much that we booked into an a la carte everynight as we refused to eat the contaminated food! However it was at the a la carte 'Roma' where we dined with another couple who we had met on holiday that, my boyfriend, myself and our friends all contracted food poisoning. We were really ill my boyfriend shaking severely and we all had diarrhoea and vomiting. This continued for the duration of the holiday and I have still not fully recovered almost a month after being at home! When we went to the rep about this problem she claimed that 'noone else had reported being ill' although since getting home we have read many reports on the thomson website suggesting otherwise!I would also not advise the trips especially Saona and Rancho Jonathan. Saona was filthy, condoms and condom wrappers on the beach (I have stayed in San Antonio, Ibiza on three occasions and never seen anything like this!) also the toilets were covered in pools of urine and absolutely stank! Rancho Jonathan was definately not up2 UK standards, my friend teaches horse riding and she was mortified when I told her what happened to us.Sanitation in general in the hotel was appalling we were left without electricity on some occasions which meant we also did not have running water. Almost every day there was a problem with the water so toilets could not be flushed and hands could not be washed, my alcohol wipes for my hands that I took were a saviour! So it is no wonder that people become ill in these conditions. We also found the staff to be rude, and we noticed that service was only good if it involved big tips. On a positive note the beach outside the hotel was really nice and the monster trucking trip was really good, just a shame about the rest of the holiday, We feel completely ripped off and disappointed and its definately put us off returning to the carribean. This hotel is not a 4* in any stretches of the imagination, and I have travelled to many places, I would rate this hotel as a 2* and thats being kind!  
<Date>Mar 1, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JC051
<Content>What more could you ask for NOVA SCOTIA, CANADA: Date: Mar. 01/07John and Elaine, Mahone Bay, N.S.My Wife and I and 4 other friends flew to Punta Cana last March to then Super Club Breezes for 2 weeks. This was a great trip and had a great time and loved everything about the Resort except for the beds, ( Found them way too hard ). The food was great and lots of it. The entertainment needs a little work but it is still good.The pool is the best pool and the cleanest we have found so far in our travels. The beach is super great and great waves too.We loved it so much that we and 17 of our friends are booked for another 2 weeks starting March 17/07, This Resort was recomended by one of my good friends, it is worth every dollar we paid.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>Jenberry
<Content>A very Thorough Review- We Loved it!       The Trapeze  
<Date>Feb 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	3	5	5	

<Author>TorontoCam
<Content>Don't worry.....It's great!! Thanks to the reviews that have been posted we set out on our vacation expecting the worse and found the exact opposite. We had an excellent time at the Barcelo Punta Cana.Check in was a bit of a wait ( they are more than happy to serve you a drink in the lobby bar while you wait) but once we got to the desk the service was excellent. Contrary to a lot of the other reviews, the front desk staff were excellent. They will change your dinner reservations and get you anything you need without a problem. Be friendly and smile and they will bend over backwards for you.We were in an oceanview room that also over looked the pool. The room was very clean and everything worked well. According to the website they only have doubles so we were very happy to find a king size bed. The only downside to the room is the noise from the animation team around the pool. Napping can be a little tough.The buffet had a great selection of food and everything was always very fresh. The beach bar was a great alternative if you sleep in and miss breakfast - they also make omelettes to order on the outside grill. Our favourite was the Japanese restaurant so we went a couple of times. Paris was great as well.The service was excellent everywhere we went. The minute our plate or glass was empty someone was there. We did tip because the service was excellent - not to get good service. We tip for service in Canada and don't feel that it should be any different anywhere else. We walked the hour down the beach to go the market and in my opinion the Barcelo Punta Cana has the nicest stretch of beach of all of the hotels. Don't worry about getting up at the crack of dawn to put your towels under a palapa. They are great to have but there is always shade to be found under a palm tree.All in all, it was an excellent holiday and we would definitely go back. There is nothing I would change and with all of the work they are doing it is only going to get better.Final tip - Get the massage on the beach. It was the most relaxing experience with the waves in the background and a great end to our trip.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sunnyrae1980
<Content>A very honest review       tokyo  
<Date>Feb 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>to_kat
<Content>The Truth about Barcelo Punta Cana       pool  
<Date>Feb 19, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LisaNB
<Content>Disappointed I must say we were disappointed - we are not fussy people and we did make due with what we had. Upon arrival at check in we were offered our room before it was cleaned as we were early. I was definitely not interested in a dirty room. We had to refuse him twice. Then we went for a drink while our room was getting ready. I ordered a beer and the glass was dirty. Our room was very ordinary but clean. Unfortunately my husband found a cockroach the third day but only told me about it a day before we left. Wish he would only have told me when we arrived. After a week here the food get very very boring. I'm sure it all depends on what you compare it to. We are used to 4 1\2 stars and this I would not give a 3 - maybe a 2. I will never again go to this place nor would I recommend it to anyone. We met people there that had been to this resort many times as it was a favourite but after this year they said never again. Apparently block 5 and 7 are the renovated ones. If your lucky you will get one. We were in block 2 where the nightly entertainment was. We had read that it was a noisy place but the show is done at 10:30 so it was nothing to complain about. We could see the show from our balcony but unfortunately the shows were extremely boring so we never finished one. We are people that love to go watch the shows and usually don't miss one. One lady's room was so humid that water would drip from her ceiling on her when she was in the bathroom getting ready. The air conditioning is very strong even on low and it hits directly on you when you are in bed. Very uncomfortable. My husband is a good sleeper and he sleeps well anywheres but here he did not have one good nights sleep. We paid the same price for this resort as we did last year and it was definitely not of the same quality. I will be very careful in the future about what I pick and choose. Hope this helps. And as I said I am not a picky person. Thank god the weather and the beach was beautiful.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	2	3	1	2	3	

<Author>Robert_Goulet_83
<Content>good times I just got back from 2 weeks at the Barcelo Caribe resort and everything was just fine.....I can't believe the [---] that some people have posted here. after 14 days, the food was getting a bit boring but we never got sick from eating anything. you get what you pay for, this is NOT a 5 star resort so dont arrive with 5 star expectations. we didnt notice any mosquitos until it rained one night and for the next few days they were a bit pesky....but we didnt notice any flies or insects infesting the buffets as some people claim. we found the staff to be very friendly eventhough most did not speak much english but we never encountered any problems because of it (the restaurant hosts and front dest staff did speak pretty good english). our room at the Caribe was a bit drab but they cleaned the sheets every day and re-stocked the mini-bar with bottled water and pop. for the 1-2 hours we spent in it (when not sleeping), it was fine. and my god, if a bell boy brings your bags to your room, tip the poor guy a $1....dont be a cheap [---]. tipping isnt manditory, but it sure goes along way. i was told bartenders make about $200USD per month, so put that in perspective. believe me, if you tip a bartender a buck or two on your first day, he will remember you for your whole trip.....when you get served before a dozen other people at the bar, you'll be glad you did.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	5	4	4	3	3	

<Author>mtate6209
<Content>The Morehead Reunion My husband and I traveled with 18 of our friends from Memphis, TN to Punta Cana last week and stayed at the Barcelo Bavara Palace. It was a beautiful place to stay but we were very disappointed in the lack of service that we recieved from many of the staff members who just did not want to deal with Americans. It was a great trip, because we were with so many wonderful friends, but we do not plan on returning to the Dominican Republic and would never recommend it to anyone.  
<Date>Feb 12, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ClaudiaMN
<Content>One week wasn't enough       boogie boarding right in front of our resort  
<Date>Feb 11, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>FrequentTravellers21
<Content>great hotel we stayed at the barcelo punta cana {formely aka the Breezes} between Jan 28-Feb 4th 2007. I cannot believe some of the horror stories people have been giving about this hotel. Our experience was great. I think sometimes people cant help but look for things to compain about, i guess when you pay money you expect service to be impecable but you have to remember the domenican is not a big power house like europe or north america, so you have to cut them some slack. Bottom line is you are on VACATION!!!! dont complain or you are the one missing out. we have stayed in many 5 stars before and believe me other than the looks of the rooms, there is not much difference in the service. we stayed at the ocean side rooms, they were clean, sheets were changed everyday, the service was great to us. i read some reviews from a british couple that had a horrible experience but please dont believe everything you hear, we never saw any flies around the food, the reception was very helpful {our remote control was broken  within 15 minutes a new one was delivered to us}, we left $1.00 u.s. everyday for the maid  a treat {cookies, candy} and she left us more than enough towels and sometimes 4-6 bottles of water daily. i know its an all inclusive so some people dont feel they should tip but you have to think if you were back home and eating out, you would be tipping regardless, so $1.00 to someone from europe or north america might not mean much, but to a domenican it means alot, and of course if you tip you will get the best service, thats anywhere.. we had no problems with the food, we never got sick {we are wise enough to know the secret is to stick mainly to fruits and veggies {not the lettuce though}, and we didnt eat any red meat, we stuck to chicken  fish, you cant go wrong..we avoided too much milk or dairy {we did love the cappucinos everyday which had milk and we never felt ill}. The Beach is BEAUTIFUL and the pool is also nice, we found everyone pleasant and the Animation team was awesome, there was always entertainment during the day {they do have siesta time too from 12-3pm so dont expect entertainment between those times. the only little issue i would say would be our room was situated near the buffet Alcazar so at nite when we left our room it would smell outside the hallway like fried foods, but thats nothing to complain about, again, you are on VACATION. there was some power outages yes, but the animation staff tried their hardest to make sure everyeone was still having a good time. everyone sang out loud and made their own fun while the power was out. I was at a 5 star last April in Punta Cana {the bahia principe} and thats a 5 star, they too had power outages  they also had 3 days of no air conditioning {so dont think it doesnt happen to 5 stars} i would continue to rate this hotel as 4 star for sure, if you have teenaged kids it would be great because there is alot of fun entertainment for them, and if you want to go to a hotel that has good service, clean rooms, and good food with the beautiful ocean then this is the place to be. the check in and check out were fast and efficient. life is too short to complain about every little detail, this is not a rich country, and maybe some people set the standards as if they were back home, but its not the same. back home in europe  canada  u.s. our life is always fast paced, always in a rush and always stressed, so when you have the fortune of going away, stop whining and enjoy the beaty of life, punta cana is a taste of that, if it werent then you wouldnt be paying all the money to go there, they didnt ask you to book at their hotel, you chose it, and if that means you are gonna whine about every little detail then thats your problem really. kiss is the key {keep it simple st---pid}. Barcel Punta cana is a great hotel and we would recommend it to anyone. we were all girls on this vacation and and we had no problems with the locals, sure they comment calling us baby and beautiful buts then again that happens erery where, you should be flatted and keep walking, we never felt unsafe. overall would recommend this hotel to anyone wanting a beautiful ocean, friendly service, good food and relaxing vacation. Last minute tips: dont use the tap water from the rooms {use the bottles they give you to brush your teeth} and avoid anything that comes from a Cow, thats the secret {milk, dairy or red meat} and you will be fine. if you do feel queezy then have a shot of Rum {straight} and that will cure whatever ails your tummy. Regards from Canada!! have a great trip, you will love it. :-)  
<Date>Feb 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	3	3	5	3	3	

<Author>donna_an_leighton
<Content>Absolutely Diabolical!! I visited this hotel along with my boyfriend from 22/01/2007 until 01/02/2007. We had to cut the holiday short by 4 days due to the widespread sickness including vomiting and diarrhoea. The holiday was an absolute nightmare from start to finish and I have been left deeply stressed and saddened by the whole experience.On arrival at the hotel, we were advised to eat at the Alcazar buffet restaurant. On entering the dining room my boyfriend and I were stunned in amazement at the uncovered food and the flies swarming over each dish. Every tray of food was crawling with flies and insects. We were truly disgusted and very unnerved about the rest of our stay. We ate nothing that night. Other guests seemed oblivious and unconcerned by the flies and I even witnessed a lady pick three flies out of her chilli-con-carne before eating it happily!Another night, four of us dined at the Roma Italian restaurant. We all ate the Spaghetti Carbonara and consumed no alcohol. Shortly after leaving the restaurant I had to return to my room due to feeling unwell. I then began to suffer from diarrhoea which kept me awake all through the night. Upon awakening at 5am my boyfriend had diarrhoea also. We met with with the couple with whom we had dined the previous evening and they too had diarrhoea and felt unwell. Another night, we went to the Dominican restaurant onocu?and waited 1 hour and 10 minutes for our first course. I am all for trying different kinds of foods, however, unimpressed with the water, goat and banana concoction that they called oup?we left the restaurant and attempted to eat plain bread at the Alcazar buffet, as this was the only food free of flies. My boyfriend and I resorted to eating crisps and chocolate from the hotel shop for the duration of our stay as we could not bear to eat the fly infested food. We visited the Alcazar buffet for coffee one day and witnessed a lady vomiting over the bread counter and a bird stomping about in and eating the breakfast food! We experienced numerous power cuts at the hotel every single day of our stay. The power cuts disabled all the electricity and water, not ideal when suffering vomiting and diarrhoea. The toilet would not flush and we could not wash our hands. On waking one morning at 6am for a trip we had booked, I realised that the power was down and the water supply was off, and had to dress in complete darkness, without washing; and tried to reach reception for help without tripping over or bumping into anything. Reception simply ignored my presence and continued to light their own candles and look after themselves, with no consideration to the numerous people who required their assistance. Despite informing staff that I suffer from fainting and dizzy spells when I have'nt eaten, they offered us no assistance. I asked at the Alcazar buffet for fruit or bread or anything they had already prepared that we could eat before boarding our coach for the trip, but they were simply ignorant and refused to acknowledge my existence. On returning to the hotel after the trip, extremely distressed with vomiting and diarrhoea, I then tried to telephone my Mum in England to seek her advice. I approached Guest Services who informed me that I had to go to Reception and leave a $20 deposit to use the telephone in the lobby. I waited at Reception for approximately five minutes before any member of the four staff offered their assistance to me, although it was clear I was ill and very upset. The reception staff could not understand that I wanted to telephone home to England and so I wrote my country down along with the full telephone number and asked the lady to ring it for me. After taking my $20 deposit, she refused to dial and told me to use the telephone in the lobby. I lifted the telephone in the lobby where I was connected to a Spanish-speaking operator who again could not understand me. By this time I thought I was going to vomit again and was in tears, clearly extremely upset and frustrated. At this point, three members of the reception staff were looking and pointing at me from behind the desk and laughing. The male staff member was actually holding his sides from laughing so much. This made me feel isolated and alone and was a very stressful experience. A fourth member of staff from the reception desk then called me over and took the piece of paper on which the telephone number was written, off me. She told me to sit by the lobby telephone again. After five minutes, the phone rang and I was connected to my Mum in England. My Mum was horrified when I told her of my experiences and immediately started making plans to get us home. It was clear from the outset that the only way to get assistance or to be shown the least bit of attention by the hotel staff was to tip them, despite having paid for an all-inclusive holiday. Often we would wait up to twenty minutes at the bar to be served a drink, and still would not get what we had asked for! The language barrier is really bad. In addition, we were not even offered a single cup of coffee or a glass of water at breakfast in the Alcazar buffet, or with our evening meal during any of our visits there. Indeed, many of the staff seemed to be too preoccupied with shooing flies away from the food. Also, my friend and I did not feel confident in walking about the hotel grounds alone without our boyfriends, as many of the members of male staff would congregate in huge numbers and stare and cackle things at you as you walked past, quite intimidating. We were not overjoyed by the state of our room which was dishevelled and clearly in need of repair. The bedding was covered in cigarette burns; the mirror was splashed in brown paint so much so we could hardly see ourselves in it; the balcony lock was very temperamental and when checking to ensure the doors were locked, the plaster would flake away from the adjoining wall that looked ready to crack and break away. We were not given clean towels each day despite leaving them on the bathroom floor as asked. I accidentally put mascara on my towel in the morning and on returning to the room in the evening the towel had been neatly folded and placed back on the shelf! Also, we witnessed cracked tiling around stairs and the pool, derelict rooms left unlocked containing maids equipment, dangerous when kids are playing around. Many of the stair rails were wobbly and loose. In addition, there is not much to do at the hotel other than sit around the pool (which is nice) or go to the beach (also really nice). We tried numerous times to get involved in water sports and other activities but were never successful as everytime we approached the booking shack we were told all staff were at lunch! At night time it gets worse! The Casino is nothing short of Blackpool's Funland and the shows are Butlins style. Of course you cant leave the proximity of the hotel and so sometimes it felt like a prison!This holiday was truly a distressing experience for both my boyfriend and me. I have never felt so ill, isolated, angry, stressed and exhausted. I was disgusted with the hotel and staff and do not agree with the advertised 4 star rating (this hotel is rated as a 3 star in the First Choice Summer 2007 brochure). My boyfriend and I are both still unwell even now after being in England for a week, resulting in us having had to take time off work and our university studies. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone whatsoever! Please take note of this review!  
<Date>Feb 8, 2007
<Rating>1	2	2	5	2	1	1	5	

<Author>Dano
<Content>AMAZING........Wedding       Suite  
<Date>Feb 7, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>trotterOntario
<Content>Bad Experience  We went down as a group of about 45 for a wedding, the hotel looked nice, rooms where kept ok, a/c in rooms worked great at times alittle too cool. If you are planning to get married there dont, there seems to be alot of little catches, we thought we had all the legal fees and money owing all paid in full, to start with couldn't locate the wedding coordinator or get her to return calls for a day and ahalf, when we did find her she informed us the government had just implemented a new law and it would cost us an extra $600 for the wedding(very upsetting for all concerned)we said we wouldn't pay they did alittle talking in Spanish of course and got the price down to $300 which we paid just to keep the peace and worry about when we got home, there isn't much you can do in a foreign country, we talked to other couples that got married that same week and they all seemed to get an extra charge but all got different explanations and amounts. Wedding did finally come off very nice though. Well over half of us were sick while we where their, not sure whether it was the food or water or combination plus the added smell of sewer during the day. The beaches were about the nicest I have ever seen, white sand and lots of place to walk. Tipping at this hotel has gotten way out of hand too, if you didn't tip everyone you could forget about service because they would cater to the people who were flashing money away ahead of you. Most people just didn't want to help you out too much if you had any questions or concerns. It sure wouldn't be a choice for me to ever go to this hotel again, you need to stay with smaller places I think to get the service.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	2	3	2	2	2	

<Author>Posty05
<Content>The Bad and Good of It       Gand on the beach  
<Date>Feb 5, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	5	3	3	5	-1	

<Author>missmee
<Content>Barcelo Punta Cana       Ross, Ryan, Me and Francisco  
<Date>Feb 4, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>maggie08
<Content>we'll never go back We stayed for a week as a family of 4 and with a group of 44 for a wedding, and first of all there was problems with having the wedding, secondly no water for about 4 hours, out of our group there was only 5 of us that never got sick or diaharria, the food seemed to taste very bland, never had bottled water for sometime one day, cockroaches, and the smell of septic in lots of areas. Yes, the grounds were beautiful, and so was the beach, but we would never go back!!!!  
<Date>Feb 4, 2007
<Rating>1	2	2	2	2	2	2	2	

<Author>ChuckNoland
<Content>YES Barcelo Premium Wife and I just returned friday night 2/2/07 The resort is fantastic. The beach is even better than you can imagine The weather was perfect 83 to 86 every day. bride2b stop reading the reviews and do not worry you made a wonderful choice in resorts. We went and watched 2 weddings one on beach and one in the garden we thought they were perfect. We also met a couple that were married the day before we arrived they had no complaints and said everything went as planned. What can I say the service was fine the people are very nice and friendly and helpful and no most do not have a very extensive knowledge of english so learn a few words in spanish. The food was super we ate at paris,roma and the el conuco its dominican [try the wedding] if you are not given this in your packet just go to the left side of reception desk and ask if they have openings for any of the A la Cartes. But absolutely DO NOT miss eating at the buffet for dinner. their is something for everyone and the food is hot. Every night has a theme you can find this out on the activity sheet posted by the buffet and also at guest services desk next to front desk has them for you to take. The breakfast at the buffet is great again choice is yours they have 2 cook stations one makes omelets the way you choose, the other eggs the way you want. Tipping is going on I witnessed a lot of it and in strange places like the buffet, but I tryed an experiment and did not tip anyone other than the usual bellboy ect. until the 3rd day service was the same. yes they appreciate it and need it but dont over do it. If santana is working at the pool bar please tip here well he will greet you like he has known you for ever and remember what you drink in a hotel filled to capacity. Point of view time wife and I always go to all inclusives have been for a long time. The reviews I was reading before I left had me worried. Do I think everything that was written happened yes it probably did but some may have been exaggerated a little. the reality is this hotel was in sales negotiations, then finalizing the deal and then waiting for closing. Over a years time probably passed with no spending on repairs no spending period no raises everything on hold. employees quit, short handed new employees hired they need to be trained. Come on people were talking everyday business here change happens. If you are not giving orders you are taking them and if you are working with the public its bite you tounge and smile. This resort is now past all the waiting change has begun if you look you will see it. Go and relax....  
<Date>Feb 4, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>yackel
<Content>the hotel is beauitful but we got sick The hotel we stay is beautiful...marbles and cermaic tiles is everywhere and is so open to outside which is so awesome but the building in some area is in need of fixing or renovating...the staircase railings is very lose and is in need of new railings badly.... the staff is so friendly and smiley all the times and will get anything you need for you....we have no problem with them ....but the tipping is just too much...almost every person you have to tip...the bartender,housecleaning lady,bellboy,waitress, busdriver, etc. etc., (but in Jamica. we went to a while ago.. no tipping is allowed there ) .......the room we stay is awesome ...so huge room with king size bed and the bathroom is huge which we stay at the top floors with the shower and the whirlpool tub which we loved....also had another room like a living room with the t.v.... is also beautiful....the t.v. is a problem to me anyway which I am hard of hearing and can't get the t.v. in close captian in english ,it is in all spanish close captian...the food is so emerous and so many to pick out which is all so good...but we got sick on the fourth days after we stay there for a week and still sick after we got home, not sure is from the food or just from being in different country which our body is not use to....the booze is so different and taste awful ...we just drink the irish cream ( Bailey) all the times....the beach is so sandy and white and just loved to walk on those beach which we walked every day....the problem we have is trying to get the beach chairs...so many people take four chairs for two of them and put two in the sun and two under the straw umbrella and also take the whole space which I feel it should be two on each side of the umbrella for the people to share and a lots of them won't share ....we had to get up early to grab the chairs under the umbrella.....we will loved to go back in the near future to those sandy beaches!!  
<Date>Feb 2, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SaraFamily
<Content>Barcelo Premium Punta Cana               More photos  
<Date>Feb 1, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Sha-Lo
<Content>NOT a 4-Star Experience We just returned from a 2-week all-inclusive stay at the Barcelo Punta Cana. Please keep in mind, we are two people who have travelled many parts of the caribbean, and to say the least we don't always stay in 4-star hotels, sometimes 2-stars that are FAR better than the service/standards at the Barcelo Punta Cana. We were told this was a VERY classy place for us to stay for two whole weeks and didn't hesitate knowing it was formerly a Breezes Superclubs resort - which we've stayed at during our travels all over the caribbean. Our excitement upon arrival in the Domincan quickly faded with the poor check-in service and the endless wait to be shown to our room. When we entered our room (top floor) we encountered an EXTREMELY offensive smell (we thought it was the sewage system, septic tank - whatever). It didn't go away and the attention to this stench was POOR. We addressed it for 3 days until something was done...we were never told what the problem was until a VERY nice grounds person told us - there were DEAD RATS in the ceiling...rotting and thus, the foulish stench - NOT 4-star quality. I was disgusted, and for a day or two we didn't have hot water. We were shifted from room to room and to be quite honest, this resort facility was not up to par. It's an old hotel, and the rooms MUST be upgraded for the price you're paying and a level of comfort. The bathroom definitely needs renovating, mould in some parts, poor ventilation, etc.The hotel staff were pleasant, the food was excellent, the beach, we rate as one of our top 5 that we've visited thus far in the caribbean (Jamaica and Grand Cayman is #1 and #2 respectively). The room cleaning needs a little more attention, cleaning was not done thoroughly on a daily basis, which is not good hygiene in our eyes. You want it clean as home, and there were times I took a used towel and wiped the floors, and dusted as well...which was a shame considering we paid good coin for this 2-week holiday. Overall, I wouldn't stay at this hotel again, but the one beside us - The Barcelo Bavaro Paradise was by far, much more appealing - and considered one of the top notch hotels on the strip from what other visitors had mentioned as well.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>fantapants
<Content>Great holiday! Stayed at the Barcelo from 1 Jan 07 for 2 fun filled weeks. After reading reviews we were nervous about the hotel. No worries though, got a very nice room in block 5 overlooking the gardens. Maid service very efficient, leave them a little tip! We had a small flood and maintenance attended to it within the hour. Buffet restaurant took a little getting used to, just be particular about what you chose! The speciality restaurants were good, especially the Japanese. A lttle patience is needed at the bars but you get served eventually, try the Coco Loco! Fab beach and not too crowded, watch the waves though, they can be wild! Hotel is a little shabby round the edges but all in all very nice, would def return! Highly reccommend the Marinarium visit. Snorkelling with sharks  rays! Give the Seaona Island trip a miss, long journey and beach disappointing. Already thinking of booking next winter!  
<Date>Jan 26, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>middlepye
<Content>Loved the resort but VIP Club is a rip off!!! The resort was great!! Unfortunately we joined the VIP Club while we were there and got ripped off through our credit cards. We have been trying to get our money back for months to no avail.In conclusion, I recommend the resort wholeheartedly but do not get involved with the VIP Club!Disappointed in Carleton Place, Ontario  
<Date>Jan 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	1	4	-1	

<Author>kh808
<Content>NIghtmare I thought this place needed an overhaul. Dirty, half of our 60 people group got sick, rooms were not acceptable and falling apart. Staff was ok. Shows were a joke. Drinks were horrible. I have stayed in better motel 6's.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	1	2	1	

<Author>Biener
<Content>Great Looking Hotel--Bad Service When it comes to travelling nothing makes me happier than good service. This hotel was lovely, the pool was excellent and the beach, well lets just say i hated to leave. BUT if you wanted a glass of water with your meal, a drink at the bar, a question at the reception desk answered you better give up before you bother, Every meal and i mean every meal, our family of five could not even get served. You would stop and ask someone to bring you water and at the end of the meal still no water. This went for the bar and reception as well. Our shower did not work properly when we arrived, let the front desk know and it still did not work properly when we left, i am not even sure if they came to look at it. I was very disapointed with the entertainment as well. The shows at night were very minimal. I will not go back. I understand the hotel just went through management changes but this is still no excuse.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Scubabeach
<Content>Open up your mind       Hotel from the pool  
<Date>Jan 23, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	3	4	5	

<Author>sham1104
<Content>A Dump The day we booked our trip to Punta Cana, our entire party was thrilled. All 54 of us were going down to celebrate our friend's wedding- how could it now be a blast? From the moment we got to the airport it was a total mess. No one spoke english and it was very confusing to find which bus to take to get us to our hotel. Once on the bus, we traveled 30 min's to the resort -all the while wondering if were even on the right bus. Upon arrival, we were greated with unorganized RUDE people. Our room smelled horrible and we had no air conditioning. The food was the worst food i have ever tasted. The first day the meat they used to make hamburgers smelled like it was spoiled. Everyone in our party got sick, and i mean EVERYONE. The people at the resort were very shady for a lack of a better term. Often times when my female friends and i would walk by male employees, they would look at us, up and down, smile and mummble to each other in spanish. We felt very unsafe and counted down the days until it was time to fly home. Once back in the US, i truly contimplated kissing the ground. I would not reccommend this hotel to my worst enemy and feel truly sorry for the countless people who have wasted their hard earned money staying in this pathetic excuse of a resort!!!  
<Date>Jan 22, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Lori0031
<Content>Wonderful Experience (compared to a blizzard and -39 C at home) We returned from Punta Cana on January 17, 2007. We had an excellent time at the Barcelo Premium. Our stay overlapped time with previous reviewers on this page and I must say our experience was quite different from one for sure. My husband or myself were not sick at all. I would concur that sickness occurs when handwashing does not happen. My husband and I diligently washed our hands to prevent spreading germs and susceptibility to germs. My husband confirmed that about 50% of men did not wash their hands after using the washroom and I was shocked at the number of women who did not wash their hands but diligently checked their hair and lipstick (probably about 25%). As for flies, I never saw a fly until my fourth day at the resort. The staff were awesome, there was a huge variety of food to choose from on the buffet, we dined at 5 of the a la carte restaurants and all were very good, the beach and the pool at this resort are second to none, always a chair to be found at the beach, sometimes the pool was crowded. The beach towels are heavy and soft so nothing to complain about there. Although we were not required to tip the staff, we took great pleasure in doing so. If we liked the smile and the service we received we would give them an American dollar. Compared to Dominican wages, this would be like a windfall. We only tipped once per staff as we wanted to spread the cheer to as many Dominican people as we could. Our maid was excellent and we were brought fresh towels and as much bottled water as we asked for by 4:PM each day (For a tip, we would leave her a dollar and bath or lotion products with a note to ensure the products were not confiscated from her as she left the resort for home that night). She left us a different species of fresh flowers every day (I love flowers and do not get excited about towel animals so she won my heart). Our rooms were suitable but if there was one negative comment it would be that the rooms are in need of an update. However, we showered and slept in our rooms and that was it, definitely not our focus on the resort. The Entertainment was great. There are some very talented people in the Dominican. I couldn't take my eyes off them when they were dancing, can they move!! And the MC for the entertainment spoke 4 languages with what appeared to be great ease (I speak one and am still working on mastering it).We loved every minute, I would recommend this hotel to people who are easygoing, like to have fun and were not born with a silver spoon in their mouth. If you want a 5 star Resort, pay for a 5 star Resort. We were on a tour with people from 5 star Resorts and I don't think I'll ever book a 5 star. Not all, but a good number of the 5 star people, were unhappy about the tour and rude to the Dominican tour staff AND other tour participants. I would rather sleep in a hut on the beach than hang out with some of these folks. We got more than our money's worth at the Barcelo (and we got an excellent deal for the trip).  
<Date>Jan 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	3	5	4	

<Author>Garky
<Content>A BEAUTIFUL wedding trip... We went to the Barcelo Punta Cana for our wedding from January 10 to January 17, 2007.A bit of background:My husband and I are simple people. We decided that we wanted to get away from the cold of Saskatchewan winters, and the fuss of a big wedding and head off to the tropics for our nuptials. We chose this resort for a number of reasons; the size, the variety of activities, the whitesand beaches, and the wedding reviews we had read ahead of time. We went hoping only that we would have a week of sunshine, free-flowing tropical beverages and a relaxing escape from work for ourselves and the 40 people who came with us. We were not disappointed. Almost everything was above and beyond our expectations.The wedding:Anyone who is considering getting married at this resort but are having second thoughts about it after reading nasty reviews, HAVE NO FEAR! The wedding planner, Melanie, is amazing. I sat down with her for about an hour the day after we arrived and with no word of a lie, she planned my dream wedding for me. She arranged for me and my bridesmaids to get ready at the spa on the resort (very nice and air conditioned) on the day of the wedding. The hairdressers are really great, although they do not speak english so if you are picky about what you want done, bring a picture, or some bobby pins for touch ups like I did. The setting was AMAZING, as was our photographer, Vanessa. My other married friends are jealous of how beautiful the pictures turned out, but with the beach and garden as our backdrop, they were bound to be nice. The ceremony itself was short and sweet, but not so short that I was disappointed. It was beautiful (my mom still tears up just thinking about it).The resort:The first thing I noticed was how clean the grounds are. For a resort filled with thousands of people drinking and eating constantly you'd think it would be a bit of a mess by the end of the day. I can honestly count the number of times I saw a plate or empty plastic cup laying around. The beach is always cleaned and groomed, as is the pool area, lobby etc.There is lots to do near the resort, all you need to do is check with guest services. Some of our group went deep sea fishing, golfing, to the zoo, swimming with dolphins and sea lions, on an outback safari, on a snorkeling catamaran party boat, on speed boat rides, parasailing, and on shopping trips to town. I tried out a lot of it and loved it all. We also did a lot of boogie-boarding which was SO fun. You will not be bored. At night we watched the shows, danced at the disco, hit the smal but fun casino, and went to the el sombrero snack bar for hotdogs, pizza, wings, and fries- AWESOME drunken snacks!!!!The food:I can't lie, there were a few upset stomachs in our group but we were not by any means careful about what we ate, and nothing was so serious that we were bed-ridden. Take some Immodium with you, try some new foods and remember that you're in a foreign country where things taste a little different. Also remember that if you drink 15 pina coladas in ANY country, you're bound to spend the next day near the bathroom. You will not go hungry, or thirsty. The a la cartes overall were quite good, especially the japanese one, and breakfast at the buffet was great.Overall, we had an AWESOME time. We are already talking about going again next year for our anniversary. Everyone in our large group also had an amazing time and not one said that they would not recommend this resort to others. If you want gourmet food and luxury hotel rooms, go to Hawaii. If you want a decent resort in a beautiful setting for a reasonable price, go to the Barcelo. I can honestly say that I wouldn't have changed a thing.Go see for yourself!  
<Date>Jan 18, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>criticalmick
<Content>Shocked My family and I, 8 in all were booked in this hotel for 7 nights, after the rep Darren gave us a run down of how superb this hotel is we were all looking forwards to our visit. however Darren did say that IF anyone had a bad stomach during their stay, not to blame the hotel as it would most probably unwashed MALE hands ??? On arrival we were promised FRESH JUCES we got cheap plastic cups of juice from a drinks fountain? never seen a fruit? After a slow check in, with confusion. we made our way to our respective rooms. one lift not workin, up the stairs we went, on our floor the area around the lift etc was dirty, the SOFA not fit to sit on, the dingy tile cracked/ dirty corridor with an unmaked dangerous lip in the tiles led to our rooms overlooking the dining room with more filth on the unclean rails and furnishings, I opened my door to a horrible fusty smell, the room itself had greyish look and in need of a good refit?? We met Darren and asked for a move, he said impossible, but agreed our rooms were unfit?there were flies all over tens if not hundreds of large flies, which mysteriously died? We got new rooms, not a deal better, a very fusty smell, but after a very long day we were too tired, so went for Dinner in the buffet dining room, flies all over the food. The next day we requested a move, we were told all rooms accounted for, but when Darren knew we were serious we got a move at ou cost 73 per person??? We were sold this hotel as being 4 star plus???  It has been bought by a new corporation, but needs a serious refit plus staff retraining. previous a Breezes Hoel?? This hotel rates too low I have seen far far better 2 star hotels  
<Date>Jan 17, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Bernie58
<Content>Don't Bother My wife and I stayed at this resort last year. We have gone down south every year since we were married 12 years ago and this was our worst experience yet. The food at the buffet was horrendous and usually the food at the a la carte restaurants is better at most resorts, but here it was even worse. Our 2 dogs at home would have probably turned their noses up at this food. Our room was in terrible need of repairs (i.e. chipped walls, patio door had to be lifted to close etc..). Staff were unfriendly and uncaring and to top it all off, it rained 5 out 7 days, with 2 days complete washouts. This resort is supposedly a 4 to 4.5 stars but more like 2 to 2.5. As our plane lifted off the runway in Punta Cana, I told my wife, have a good look dear, because we'll never see this place again!.  
<Date>Jan 17, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>jonii
<Content>Excellent Time       My girlfriend Michelle  
<Date>Jan 15, 2007
<Rating>3	5	2	5	5	3	5	5	

<Author>Beaches53
<Content>Resort riddled with sickness We do not recommend anyone to go to this resort, especially families with young children. The beauty of the exterior of the resort, pool and beach unfortunately could not make up for the horrible sickness that ran through the resort and left our young child with vomiting and diarreah for 5 days. We travelled with a large group of friends and 75% or better fell ill with the same sickness including my husband and I. Check in was a nightmare and it was clear that in order to get a room, towels, clean sheets or other basic amenities you were required to pay off (tip) the staff. We will never return and would not recommend this resort to anyone.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	5	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>ohiogirl77
<Content>Wouldn't Go Back... First of all, visiting a sunny beach in the middle of winter - regardless of the condition of the resort or our personal experiences - was amazingly beautiful and relaxing. However, I have to be honest about our experience because I feel that we owe it to other travelers who are considering staying here.My husband and I visited the resort from December 20 - 27th and it fell so short of our expectations that it took us a few days to shake off the shock of it all. Checking in was a painfully SLOW and confusing process - which pretty much describes every single interaction with the staff during our stay. No one knew where to stand or whether there was even anyone there to check us in...we all just sort of huddled around the front desk hoping that someone would take notice of us. At first we were given a tiny room with 2 full beds even though we had specifically requested a room with a king size bed. We immediately upgraded to a room with a pool view for $70.00. The view from the new room was gorgeous and was definitely worth the money.The room itself was older than we expected and was in need of renovation - but we didn't spend much time in our room so we didn't stress too much. One thing I will say about the room was that the sheets were VERY OLD and were so badly pilled and itchy that we slept in long pants and long sleeve shirts.Overall, the feeling we got from the resort is that the staff and management are just doing the bare minimum to keep the resort functioning. There are several sections of the resort in disrepair - including whole sections of walls torn out, entire hallways with burned out lights, broken chairs, stained sofa cushions, boarded up elevators, trash in stairwells, scuffed walls and broken railings. We certainly never expected 5 star service or accomodations, but the staff at this resort clearly have no interest in meeting the expectations of their guests and there doesn't seem to be any sense of urgency about getting the resort renovated. By the end of the week we both agreed that we rarely felt welcomed by anyone who worked there (with the exception of a few random staff members who really made an effort to make the guests comfortable).I think by far, the very worst part of our experience was the food. Where to begin?? You should avoid the Alcazar buffet at all costs. Although, you almost need to eat there at least once so that you can appreciate the mediocre food in the sit-down restuarants. I am not a picky eater but after 5 minutes of browsing the buffet on the first night I realized that we were in for a long week. I'm all for trying different food - but we never saw anything on the buffet that was fresh. The salads and fruits were always warm, bruised and wilted. The hot foods were always lukewarm and were a crusty, clotted lump within minutes. After a few days I developed terrible stomach pains from even the simple foods I was eating and ended up losing weight while I was there because I felt so sick every time I ate anything. It took about a week for my stomach to get back to normal after we got home.Also, don't rely on the cashier to EVER have cash. We went every single day trying to get smaller bills for tipping and such...but not once did they have cash (we also saw other people go through the same thing as we would pass through the lobby). The ATM was broken for the 6 of the 7 days we were there and we were sent to the resort next door to use their machine - which was also broken. If you would like to have cash on hand for buying gifts or tipping - then exchange your money at home.Looking back...we don't hate the resort or even the people who work there. We loved laying in the sun, lounging by by the beautiful pool and playing in the ocean. We just felt disappointed many times throughout the week. There are things to like about the resort (which I'm sure you can read about) but you really should know that this place does not measure up to most all-inclusive resorts. As much as we had been looking forward to a beach vacation - we couldn't wait to get home.  
<Date>Jan 12, 2007
<Rating>2	3	2	4	2	1	2	4	

<Author>NBBeachboy
<Content>Great vacation My wife and I just returned from the Barcelo Punta Cana on Jan.7/07 and had a great vacation. This is our 8th trip to the Punta Cana area usually staying at different resorts, so we will be honest and concise about the resort.  Arrival:Arrived at the resort at approximately 11:40 pm Dec 31, and proceeded to the counter and got room key, safe key and a map (which I'll scan and post later). Counter staff were friendly and helpful, we had asked for a pool/ocean view and got it. Room was #4306 and was centrally located to everything. We took our own bags and headed for the room. Room:When you walk in the room there is a short hall with the bathroom located off to the right (or left). The room was clean with two double (very hard) beds. Everything worked fine, a/c, tv etc. Lots of hot water and pressure except for 1 evening where pressure was about half of normal, certainly nothing to complain about. Room did smell musty and I forgot to take a couple of dryer sheets! Balcony with two chairs and a small table, there are no dividers between the balconies, not very private.Rooms are not large, but are adequate. Mini bar stocked daily with water and soft drinks. Beach:What can I say, ABSOLUTELY BEAUTIFUL! It's what keeps us coming back...... Beach was clean and there are tons of loungers, many are new, but some still need to be replaced, but no trouble finding one even at 11 am. You can walk for miles in either direction. Not much for watersports taking place as it was very windy and rough when we were there, red flag most days. There is a lifeguard watching the swimming area. Remember that the sun is very strong, we used SPF30 the whole week and still got great tans. FOOD:Breakfast at the buffet was good, lots of selection, quality of food was ok. Service at tables was slow, waiting for coffee and plates to be cleared away.Lunch was at either the pool bar, or the Mexican. The pool bar had BBQ hamburgers, pork chops, chicken and sausages. Not once did we encounter undercooked meat. Service at pool bar was pretty good, drinks brought to table and plates cleared away in reasonable amount of time. There is also a self serve sandwich bar with salads. Mexican for lunch, service was very poor on the first visit, however once food arrived it was very tasty. Decided to go back two days later and they had a different menu, service was very much improved and food as again very tasty.We only ate dinner at the buffet once because we couldn't get a reservation for one of the speciality restaurants. Service again was slow, food was ok, lots of selection.Speciality Restaurants:El Marlin: SeafoodService was extremely poor, only one fish item on the menu, ask, it turns out that there is more available including lobster. Food was ok, but the service is what ruined it for us. (Outdoor restaurant located at pool bar.)Paris: (located behind bar on left side of lobby)Service here was much better, good selection from the menu and cheese buffet available before your meal arrived. Food here was prepared and microwaved to warm up but still acceptable. (Not air conditioned.)Tokyo: Japaneese Service here was good, food is prepared right in front of you on a huge grill, rice, chicken, beef, vegetables, shrimp round out stir-fry. Everything was overcooked, not dried out, but I would rather that than undercooked. (Inside restaurant, air conditioned.)Roma: ItalianService here was the best we had received anywhere, food was tied for best with the Mexican. Lots of choices, bread was wonderful, pasta was great. Make this a definate when you visit. (Inside restaurant, air conditioned.)El Sombero: MexicanService here was also very good (tied with the Italian). The food was very good here as well, lots of selection. (Outdoor restaurant.) The food at this resort is not gourmet, there is nothing wrong with it, it is good food. A word of caution to people with allergies, ask the waiters before ordering what is in the dishes you are thinking about, then inspect carefully when it arrives before eating it, as the waiters don't always know. You have the allergy and are ultimately responsible. Other:The staff's knowledge of english we felt was very good and probably the best we have encountered so far. This resort is going through growing pains as it recently came under the control of Barcelo, there was lots of things being fixed up and painted while we were there, I feel that in time the resort will be brought up to Barcelo's standards. We feel that the service could be improved greatly with the addition of staff in the restaurants, especially the buffet, we didn't see anybody standing around, they are all working, there just isn't enough help. We went on vacation for total RR, we are not really picky people and can look after ourselves. Keep in mind that you can find fault with any resort anywhere, especially if you go looking. Does this resort have faults, yes, are they major, no. Relax, you are on vacation and remember Don't sweat the small stuff. I feel that this resort has been getting a bad rap and doesn't deserve it. Remember you are on vacation in a different country with different standards, things are not what they are like at home! That's why you are on vacation, to experience something different, relax and forget about home and remember you are on Dominican time!  
<Date>Jan 11, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	4	3	3	2	-1	

<Author>hudsonhope
<Content>A Fun time....... We just returned from a great holiday, with our three children and 2 grandkids ages 16  14. I would recommend this resort to anyone; the grandkids had plenty to do and met some great young people. The kids had plenty to do, they were never bored. Ignore all the complaints about the rooms. The rooms were clean, and the air-conditioning worked well, the maid was great - she often made little animals out of towels or stuff left on the bed - even sprinkled flowers out a couple of times.The buffet was good but it can become repetitive he a la carte restaurants were good especially the Japanese and Italian. The only problem was trying to find these restaurants, as there are no signs anywhere.The beach was amazing, the kids spent hours playing volleyball. The pool was clean with lots of things going on?it was fun just watching the activities?you do see some interesting things. The service at the swim up bar was slow but worth the wait? they don pinch on the booze. The staff was friendly, we didn see a rude person in the 2 weeks. The guys and gal at the beach bar were awesome. The only complaint I have is the driving ?oh god!! I can believe it the bus trip from the airport to the resort was unbelievable most of the time we were on the wrong side of the road. We took a trip to Santo Domingo, I was wondering if we would ever see the resort againt one point we drove on the sidewalk to get around the traffic, and when we hit a detour on the road the tour guide and a few men from the bus just got out moved the barrier and we kept going!! Only in the Dominican!! Overall it was a great holiday and I would return.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	3	3	3	4	3	

<Author>Vern44
<Content>Horrible!!! This is the Letter we wrote to our travel agent. Enjoy the great story.The following is a recount of our recent all inclusive trip to the newly acquired Barcelo Resort in Punta Cana. The following outlines the good, the bad and the very ugly of this 7 day trip. We were unimpressed from the moment we arrived at the resort. We were bused to the resort and dumped in the front lobby for over an hour while one employee checked the more than 50 travelers in. We were finally given a room that had no air conditioning and a musty smell that would have made anyone sick. We told the staff about our unpleasant conditions and were not given a new room until the next day. Intolerable.  Our second room would soon prove to be a nightmare. I fell ill only two days into our trip, presumably from the food and/or water within the resort. (We want to point out, that numerous people within the resort fell ill during our stay.) It was then that we found out that the necessities in the room did not work. We had a toilet that failed to flush and a shower that failed to provide running water. Inexcusable. We complained to the front desk staff and to our Air Transat Representative. To our dismay, the situation was only rectified after the toilet overflowed into our room ?two days after we initially complained. We were understandably upset that we received such horrible treatment. Our Air Transat Rep was useless. While a very nice person, he had other priorities to deal with before he could tend to us. His priorities being a self run business he has developed in the Dominican, off the resort.  The nightmare does not end here. Our third room again failed to provide an adequate shower and also proved to be home to hundreds of ants. We asked that the room be sprayed and cleaned but to no avail. We didn even receive clean towels in the room, nor did we have a freshly made bed in the morning. If that not enough, the buffet food is a story in itself. We tried to indulge in the seemingly great variety of foods offered at the resort, after days of being sick. I went to bite into what appeared to be a rib, when I found a silver staple protruding from the meat. We mentioned our plight to our Air Transat Rep, only to find, once again, him shrug it off and tell us that ucks.?He said to suck it up and enjoy the rest of our trip. We were able to find one adequate restaurant at the resort. The French al a carte offered a great menu, but we were unable to enjoy it because of our illness. As far as restaurants went, we were told there were 6 al a carte restaurants to choose from. Upon arrival, we found there were only 5, and only 4 of which were actually operational. One was closed because of conditions. The other 2 we ate at were rather unpleasant.  Speaking of promised items ?we were told there would be daily activities that we could take part in. ie. Horseback riding, scuba diving etc. None of these activities were included in our package. This was most disappointing because we had reluctantly agreed to this resort because of all of the options offered.  We understand the resort is under maintenance and was just recently sold from Breezes to Barcelo, but what we don understand is why we needed to suffer for this. We were actually told while at the resort, that one quarter of the facility was not fit for human occupancy. Coincidentally, we were housed in that wing of the building. The explanation we received was his is the off season so things are being worked on.?Off season or not, we paid a lot of money to be there and should have been treated with the same respect as those going at peak season. We want to remind you, that this resort came highly recommended by the Flight Center . I would strongly suggest this destination come off the list of choice locations.  By day 6 of this 7 day vacation from hell, we could not wait to get home. Thank god for the beautiful weather and the tans we both acquired . Otherwise this would have been a complete write off. We were both so excited to experience our first trip away together, at a highly recommended resort. Instead, we couldn wait to get back home. Our best time in Punta Cana, was spent off the resort. That pretty much sums it up I think. Please take our travel nightmare into consideration and let us know how you will compensate us for this intolerable vacation.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Dufferme
<Content>Christams in the DR We spent nine days at the Breezes Punta Cana, 12/23/2005-1231/2005. This is a great family resort that will keep you and the family entertained even if you never leave the property.The rooms are not very fancy but are tastefully decorated and have plenty of room to enjoy your free time. The resort has some great kids programs, a trapeze and a learning station on a trampoline. Unfortunately the islands roads have alot to be desired, this was one of the few islands we have visited that we did not rent a car to go exploring. In the closest town of Bavaro there is some nice shopping for local souveneirs and cigars or alcohol, not much in the way of jewelry or nicer items. We even took a car 45 minutes to the largest city in the area: Higuey (e-way) to see if we could find some gold jewelry or watches, to na avail. There ia a beautiful Catholic church there but not much else.There are plenty of great tours available, we took an all day ATV tour that was the highlight of our trip, we stopped at a cave for some swimming and photos, through a few small local towns and eneded up on a beautiful beach. What a day, we were fortunate that the other groups that booked this tour did not show up, so it was my wife and 12 year old son only. the young local guys who gave us the tour were great and really made my son feel special.The DR was great for us to have a stress free Christmas, we will be going back, probably to Puerto Plata next time. The Breezes resort has alot going on during the day and pretty good evening events to keep your kids entertained, like shows with dancing or comedy, plus pool tables, ping pong and the beautiful evening sky. The food was great for an AI resort and they did not skimp on the alcohol if we had mixed drinks. Great place for a family to relax together.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>newbrunswicktraveler
<Content>we liked this place well we are not picky people.... we go away on vacation to enjoy ourselves and not stress over the small things.... we liked this place.. i found the staff friendly and entertaining. we all enjoyed the food.... one of my friends that had came with us is a very picky eater and usually packs food with her, which she did on this trip as well but didnt have to eat any of it. we all ate good here. the drinks were good... the beach and pool were beautiful. i mean im sure that there were somethings that we overlooked when we were there like the elevator was broke a few days but give me a break.... ill walk...... it wont ruin my whole trip... i find some people litterlly walk around to find problems and make them selves miserable..... this is a 3rd world country and its what you need to expect when visiting these places.... on my last day i found a cockroach in my room.... yah it freaked me out because ive never seen one before but oh well its life and the staff there try there hardest to keep this place as clean as possible....5 min later i was at the beach and forgot all about it....  oh and 1 piece of advise....... when its your day to check out then you have to check out on time or youll end up paying like we had too..... i was pretty mad about it.... caused a little scene, payed my dues and left...... but it still wasnt bad enough to say my trip was terrible because we all loved this place. oh and my fiance did come home with a parasite but they always tell you not to eat the salad wherever you go because they wash the lettuce under the tap water.... i warned him but he belives hes invisable..... its his fault.............these things can happen anywhere you go. hope i was any help to anyone  
<Date>Jan 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	5	5	

<Author>Crossy74
<Content>Banana Mamas+Pina Colitas I'll Keep it Short,24 hr service is the way to go, never had to wait. Drank til 6am woke up @ 9am,You don't have time to sleep, You'll miss something, Food was good at the buffets and the other restaurants were a good change. Beach is beautiful,the rooms were nice and our Room always had fridge full. Good size, clean, shower worked good and oh ya they had a coffee maker. The Disco was GREAT, free liqour, The pool is amazing, I would recommend a pool view, Now the selling point...The Pool Bar was AWESOME, Never left it for too long, Anyways Me and My buddy had a great time, No complaints and we will probly go there next time.All the people were great, met alot of people that we keep in touch with, just there to have a good time. Until next time...LIVE FOR THE MOMENT... Derek+Gary say Heyyyyy Mama...1 Pina + 2 Banana MamasThank You.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>SteveInVan604
<Content>November 30 2006 - Great beach, excellent rum!       Beach from the vacant side  
<Date>Dec 29, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	3	4	2	3	3	

<Author>mlplunk
<Content>Remind yourself you are on vacation If you remember that you are on vacation things will be ok - I guess it is bad that I am comparing to a Sandals - Our room smelled damp - when it rained our room was flooded - no one cam to mop up the mess - we used our bath towels for that!The pool is awesome - the beach is greatThe food - well some places were better than others - we took our 20 month old daughter and they made us reservations for 9:00 - after the first day we tried to change them but they had nothing earlier so it was just the buffet for us - the Japenese restaurant took over 2 hours - and they didn't want to serve us the shrimp - but after arguing they did - the Mexican was awesome - the french was good and the Italian was awesome - but SLOW serviceThe Languauge - I hope that you know spanish - some knew English but it was very choppy and hard to have a conversation with them - ordering food - just point on the menu!!!I do not think they took pride in cleaning up around the pool, beach or overall the resortBanana boat ride - you have to swim into the ocean to et on the boat - what a pain! They also left without my husband whilel he was still tryign to get to the bananaThe staff was all very friendly - they always said Hola when you passed and gave a smile - except the front desk!The shows were just ok - again language!We had a good time despite all - but I would not go back to this resort  
<Date>Dec 26, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	2	3	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>FredandTiffany
<Content>Great Place       Big Waves Fun  
<Date>Dec 21, 2006
<Rating>5	4	2	5	4	3	3	5	

<Author>chugg5ter
<Content>read the reviews with care they might just help you out well after booking the holiday and (hotel allocated on arrival) we sussed out the three hotels it could be.all were given a 4t or even a 4t+ (thomsons platinum) and to our dismay all three had bad reports but my partner and myself are seasoned travellers so we make allowances here and there taking into account that some people want the earth for next to 'nowt.so after a bit of a rough ride from the airport in a slightly boneshaker of a bus we reached the hotel . You really need a map to guide you round the place till you can get your bearings ,our room smelt of damp and was like this for the first week till it was aired , small insects came out from various places to get at any scaps of sugar spilt from making cofee, this all pails into insignificance when I talk about the food which was well presented and a good variety BUT was never served HOT only slightly warm, this was the case in all the restaurants we tried and even after taking care both myself and partner went down with possible food poisioning my partner on the second day myself on the third, we were unable to shake this off and had it for the duration of our holiday (two weeks).the staff were always pleasant and some went out of their way to make the stay enjoyable, so here's the warning take plenty of imodiom or suchlike and make sure you pay the excess on your travel insurance (if you need to be hospitalized) as one woman was while we were there.this was not an isolated case as many of the guests in the hotel were complaining about stomach upsets.  
<Date>Dec 14, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	3	5	3	

<Author>Mrs_Toast
<Content>Fantastic holiday, but a few words of warning       The grounds  
<Date>Dec 13, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gregerika
<Content>Trust me - stay away! I have vacationed in quite a few places in Caribbean, many of which were typical all-inclusives like this one. The quality and amenities vary from island to island and from resort to resort, but I can honestly say that the poor quality of this place does not even come close to the worst place I had been in prior to staying here.The food was atrocious! I cannot believe anyone would actually serve that kind of poor quality to a customer. Quite literally most of it was inedible. My family and I tried 3 of the al a carte restaurants and all of the buffet/poolside ones and ended up, after 3 days, resigning ourselves to a diet of raw vegetables and grilled chicken beside the pool (which, incidentally, often came uncooked throughout - we had to cut it open before eating it or feeding to our kids). However, our best efforts were not enough, towards the end of our stay our infant daughter, 3 year old son and myself all got food poisoning (it was not from overeating and overdrinking, my wife and I don't overindulge like that anymore, certainly not with our kids in tow). We used all bottled water for making baby formula and boiled it first in an electric kettle that we brought. When the quality of the food is as poor as it was in that resort, no amount of effort will offset the inevitable.The room would have been acceptable, and even comfortable, were it not for the slow but steady stream of brown liquid oozing  dripping from the bathroom ceiling and puddling on the floor. The smell was of sewage. Our requests for repair were quickly responded to, but the problem never went away. After 2 days we changed rooms - paid for an upgrade to a suite (hoping an expensive suite would necessarily provide better quality). Alas - same problem with the bathroom. I don't expect to live like royalty on these vacations,  in fact when I'm away I'm intentionally in easy-going vacation mode, ready to accept many things that are different and perhaps unacceptable at home, but sewage seeping into rooms really puts a bad spin on things.All of this was too bad because the layout of the resort and amenities provided were very impressive - nice grounds, lots of pools, all sorts of activities. We were anticipating a great resort when we first arrived.The beach was nice (the resort doesn't get credit for this, it was not man-made), but like all large resorts it was a real cattle drive to obtain any beach chairs, and was overall quite crowded.Service was inconsistent ranging from very attentive to offensive. It generally seemed that the bar staff were rude and the wait staff were pleasant.The constant onsite flea markets that were held in the evenings initially seemed to be a way to provide convenient access for the vacationers to buy local items, but the aggressiveness of the stall-keepers along with the intrusive layout of the stalls (literally you ran a gauntlet of offensive salespeople almost everywhere you went on the main grounds and main bar areas) quickly became annoying.There are way too many other places to go in the Carribean that offer a more pleasurable holiday for the same coin. All-in-all substandard and unacceptable would be good words to describe this resort, I'll never take another chance on SuperClubs again, and will certainly do a lot of homework before considering another resort on D.R.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	2	2	2	3	3	

<Author>star_doc
<Content>Superclubs Breezes ~ 100% recomend, Great wedding hotel! Loved every minute! I know this is long, but it's worth the read...We stayed at the Breezes (which just changed owners as we were there and is called the Barcelo Premium now) and it was amazing! I was worried about the hotel after reading some of the terrible reviews on it. For the price, this place can't be beat. If you are used to executive class, and Club Med, this might not be up to your standards, but for familys, groups, and anyone that is expecting to get away to a tropical desination and have a good time, this is the place to go...We got married there, and there was a group of 20 of us that stayed. My husband and I got upgraded to a Topical Suite and got fresh fruit and champagne delivered quite often. Great service there, very friendly and helpful, super nice staff. The maids left towel creations and fresh flowers daily. Out of 20 people, only 1 couple moved rooms, and only because they were light sleepers and heard kitchen nioses a little early in the mornings. It was simple to get restaurant bookings, we went in around noon and booked for all 20 of us most nights and had no problems at all. Great food, and I recomend the Italian restaurant if you are getting married! We had our own room upstairs, it was awesome! The wedding planners are great, the flowers and location (I recomend the beach location) were amazing, and it was the absolute perfect day. I wouldn't have changed a thing! Again, if you are thinking of getting married in the Dominican, I have to say this resort is the best one because it is the last resort on the beach and there is no traffic or looky-loos. We stayed at the Iberostar for our second week and all the weddings there, and in between those resorts have tons of traffic. And tons of topless ladies. So, for a romantic wedding with beautiful private settings to get your pictures taken, this is the resort to be at. Very accomidating for big groups as well. All us girls got our hair done at the Spa, and the ladies there were so good at what they do. I was nervous again as my own hair dresser wasn't their, but my hair looked even better then I had imagined it would. And the photographer, outstanding. He did such a fantastic job, and was very friendly. I can't say enough good things about this resort. We all had the time of our life and an amazing wedding to remember. I do however want to mention a few helpful pointers...1) Bring Imodium, if you aren't used to un-pasturized dairy products, this will come in handy. None of us were sick, but we had the occasional case of the runs. Imodium works great :)2) Coconut is a natural laxative. Just keep that in mind if you have 10 pinacoladas and you are running to the bathroom :)If you have any questions or concerns please let me know. I would love to tell you more, or help advise you on having a wonderful trip or wedding. We loved it, and you will too... star_doc@hotmail.com  
<Date>Dec 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>parney08
<Content>Not Recommended A group of 30 of my friends and family booked here for a wedding. The trip started harmlessly enough with a 30 minute bus ride from the airport to the hotel. This is where the fun began. It took us close to 2 hours to book in and then on top of that our room wasn't ready for another 3 hours. This was the same case for quite a few other people as well.While waiting for the room we decided to grab a couple drinks from the closest bar. The bartender was very rude, which seemed to be the treatment we received from the majority of the staff throughout the week. This of course is with the exception of a few.Our room had a beautiful view but came with many problems including a constant musty odour. The air conditioning was very poor, the ceiling and bathtub were constantly leaking, the hot water rarely worked, and we found 2 cockroaches under the bed.The food in the a-la-cartes was pretty good but the buffet caused many of us to get sick in more ways than one.With all of the negativity surrounding this trip I can honestly say the beach made up for alot of it. White sand, accompanied by lots of sunshine, beach chairs and big waves made for a relaxing time.There were many organized activities and tours to keep you busy which was great.The evening entertainment was lots of fun as they made a constant effort to include anyone that was willing to make a fool of themselves.On your way out of the Dominican airport, be prepared to be pushed through like cattle. Oh and ps, stay away from the airport pizza - bad news!  
<Date>Dec 3, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	5	3	1	2	-1	

<Author>jimcottrell
<Content>POOR HOTEL This is without doubt the worst Hotel we have ever stayed in. We had to change rooms as water came out the electrical sockets. The fixtures and fittings where well past there best. The second room we where given had 1 bed for 3 of us, bare electrical wires non of these faults where put right when we requested it. To finish the week of we had to pay for a broken mirror that was broken when we where given the room. If we hadnt have paid the hotel where going to call the police. Add to this food posioning and refurbisment works all over the public areas to round off a week in a rubbish hotel.The wonderful beach and climate just couldnt cover over the cracks.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2006
<Rating>1	2	1	4	2	1	2	-1	

<Author>panini
<Content>marriage license Let me start off by saying that the beach was AMAZING!!!! It was so beautiful  while we were there pretty private. My now husband and I went to Breezes for our wedding and honeymoon.....Melanie  Jennifer were amazing with everything..we only have one problem...we were married nine weeks ago and still haven't received our marriage license...kinda bummin me out!Other than that we had a nice time..our room was beautiful and we made the best of the sometimes rude staff. We are very very very easy going and just kept in mind that we were on vacation! We are strong believers in tipping and spent atleast $50 a day in tips.....so it kinda bummed us out when we would get ignored, ya know?Anyway I will never forget this vacation as long as I live..it was the most beautiful day of my life...hopefully I won't have to run down to the court house  get remarried cuz I didn't get my license...that would really suck, right? Fingers crossed it comes soon.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	4	3	2	2	4	

<Author>travellingaccountant
<Content>We had a great time! I was worried after reading the negative reviews. We were a party of 21 who went to Breezes because of the wedding package they offered. I had the best time in many years. The hotel is a solid 3 to 4 star property - the food was good, the beach was awesome, and the service was as good or better than at other all-inclusives we have stayed at.The property was sold and the Barcelo group are now running the hotel. There was maintenance and painting going on all over the property - not intrusive - just busy improving things.Ignore all the complaints about the rooms. We had ten rooms, and the airconditioning worked well, the maid was great - she often made little animals out of towels or stuff left on the bed - even sprinkled flowers out a couple of times.There were a couple of issues with bathroom fixtures or whatever, but maintenance was always prompt.I think the people that complain about this place would complain about anywhere!The wedding coordinators and staff were wonderful and I highly recommend this place. The bride and groom moved to a five star property for their second week and said they were glad they got married at Breezes (now Barcelo Premium) since the venue was better and the flowers and pictures were great.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	4	2	

<Author>Beccy83
<Content>wonderful holiday       beach  
<Date>Nov 25, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>intherain99
<Content>I had a good time I was worried when I booked this hotel due to the negative review. I was still worried at check in. There was an english couple complaining that the room they got was all ready occupied. I was thinking to myself **** what have I gotten myself into. I didn't have any problems with my room and ended up having a good time. The food was ok, not what I'm used to but I was in a different country so I can't expect it to be like Texas. The pool, beach and swim up bar was awesome. I had a great time, especially as a single traveler, met some other solo soldiers, so it was a good holiday for me. I would stay there again  
<Date>Nov 22, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	4	2	

<Author>Pritika
<Content>Very Detail Review I hope you find this review very helpful. It will be very detailed. My partner and I (31  26) stayed at the Barcelo formerly known as Breezes from Nov 2nd to the 9th. First thing I would like to mention is that I didn know that breezes had changed their name till after arriving at the resort. So FYI Breezes Punta Cana resort Spa and Casino is now called Barcelo. We arrived at night and the shuttle bus to the resort was hilarious. The driver drove very fast. Hahah. They offer you beer on the way there for 2 bucks. It is a 30 minute drive so order two beers because they don ask again. The resort overall was fantastic. If you are particular about your room then I would suggest you pay for an upgrade if you are not then you will find the room to be just enough. We ended up getting an ocean view room without even asking which was very nice. The room was standard which worked for us. The only thing was that the mirror had spots on it but hell I was in Punta Cana what did I care about the mirror. There was a bit of a smell but it didn bother us. You will get that smell where ever you go cause of the ocean, what the big deal. The resort is huge. There are lots of place to hang out for the night. I loved the restaurants. I never expected it to be so good. The food was awesome. The Italian was incredible. Here are some suggestions. At the Italian have the steak and try the lasagna. The Mexican is really good too the fajita's and the salsa are to die for. Paris was really good too?great soups. I can begin to tell you how much I enjoyed the food. Really impressed. The pool was so beautiful. You will read that there is only one pool and that true but this pool is huge. We had met 4 other couples there and not once did we ever bump into each other at the pool it was so big. Really pretty at night. The beach... Well the beach... What can I say it was blue water and white sand. Just amazing. So much room and so many chairs. It is truly breath taking. The staff there are so nice. There is a towel hut and there is a guy there by the name of Jose, he is such a happy guy always smiling. Oh something else about the food, in the afternoon there is a bbq hut, the pork chops and chicken are really good. A really good drink is the bannana mamma. They also have champagne so you can make mimos's. They do have Absolute Vodka. When you get there and check in they will give you 3 pre made reservations for the restaurants. Ours where made for every other day so we only had to book two dinners our selves. I thought that the reservations were going to be a pain but they werent one bit. It was very easy and you can eat at your favorite place as many times as you please. There is nightly entertainment. The beach bar is a nice place to hang out with your friends. Oh the Casino, we went one night and ended up spending $300 and thats just cause we are gamblers but if you ask me you can always do that at home. We played the bingo game there and didnt win. I would suggest not to spend your money at the casino but on some of the stuff the vendors have instead but totally your decision. The vendors come twice when I was there. YOu dont get things dirt cheap but for a good enough deal. Always knock off 70% off what they are asking. So something is $100 offer them $30 and go from there. We went to the market down the street. It was good, we got a few things. They do get very excited to see you though and it can get annoying after 30 minutes but that a market for ya. Things dont get dirt cheap unless you go into the city. On the beach they come by with parrots, two monkeys and a lizard for pictures. I did all of the them and it was great. They take great pictures. The disco was fun we only went one night and had a fun time. I never had the omelette there but my partner said they were really good. This resort was big and beautiful the people were great and enjoy life, the pool was huge and gorgeous at night, the beach was breath taking, the food was soooo sooo good. I would recommend this place to anyone. If you are a easy going, not hard to please kinda of person you will have a great time like I did. If you cant deal with a little smell or marks on the mirror then I would suggest upgrading your room. We got to experience a tropical rain storm when we were there. It was really cool. It just rains for like 5 minutes and stops and its so hot when it happens. Really feels nice. the weather was always hot hot hot. Not that humid. I hope you enjoyed this review and i hope that you have a great time on your trip.Pritika  
<Date>Nov 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	3	5	4	3	5	-1	

<Author>The_Mortons
<Content>Had a fantastic time       First dance  
<Date>Nov 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>colaril
<Content>I don't understand how people can write negative reviews about this place I stayed at this resort for the first time early May of 2006 and I loved it so much that I returned the last week of August 2006 before school started up again. I had an absolutly incredible time on both occassions. Food was good, I was never sick once. The Japanese restuarant was by far the best. The recular Alcazar restuarant wasn't fantastic but still decent. The rooms were average, bt who goes on vacation to spend it in their rooms? The entertainment staff was incredible. The second time I went back I was actually invited to attend one of their weddings. I don't see how anyone could call this entertainment average. These people work to entertain you for approximatly 13 hours a day with minimal pay. So to those who found it not up to expectations, I suggest you become more realistic in what you can expect locals to entertain you with. Language barriers were not a problem. The staff spoke many languages. Waves in the ocean were rough but that is completely out of the control of the resort. We didnt have AC for a day but thats nothing to complain about. If you find this to be a problem I suggest thinking outside your comfortable spoiled life and consider that locals in this country go for many hours in this country without any electricity.All in all i would recommend this place to everyone who wants to have an incredible time, meet amazing people and can be reasonable with expectations. A vacation is what you make of it, so whatever the circumstance, have fun!  
<Date>Nov 10, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	3	4	3	4	4	

<Author>BB73
<Content>Wonderful place... but a small warning!       view from our room  
<Date>Nov 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Turbosmum
<Content>Beautiful beach, few issues, but well worth a visit. We stayed at the breezes, 2nd to 16th October, six adults and two children 7 and 8. We had a wonderful holiday, honestly concerned about some of the reviews before we went. We need not have been really. The hotel is very clean and in our opinion really well laid out, especially if it rained. You could get to everything undercover.Even the rain was lovely tho !! You could find a very large selection of things to eat in the buffet ,the staff were very helpful and polite. We managed to book into the specialities loads of times, with no problem. They were fab. Had a few jippy tums...our own fault, as you do tend to over indulge. We paid a brilliant price for this holiday , it was worth it just for the beach! Please dont be put off by some of the reviews. Yeh a few things need tweeking, rooms are well used and could do a bit of TLC. The bedding and towels were changed daily and the rooms cleaned. The maids are very nice and worked really hard, so please tip them, they do deserve it. The kids enjoyed the trapeze and the trampoline, the lads teaching them were really patient. The shows were entertaining, you just have to remember, its not the West End !! I really dont know what some expect ? We met some brilliant people, who like us went with the intention of enjoying ourselves !! We even got invited to a wedding ( Thank you Claire and Eric) which was Fantastic!!! So if your thinking of tying the knot......those photos are spectacular, it was very well organised and the flowers were gorgeous. Go, relax and enjoy, thats what we say......... THE ISSUES...... We did experience some ants in the room, they changed our rooms without too much hassle... the views were breathtaking in our new rooms.....Some of the staff , only a small minority, mainly front of house in the specialities were a bit shirty....... AND SOMEBODY... found it funny to [--] in the pool three times while we were there...not a child... the pool staff did try and convince us they were large cigars..... not funny, as my husband stood in one !! They did take the appropriate action eventually, once we got over the language barrier ( We cant speak Spanish). We would definately go again, that said. Thank you to all the lovely people we met.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2006
<Rating>4	4	2	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>chelsea8291
<Content>Be careful with your dates of travel We recently booked for 2 adults and 2 children under 7 at Breezes but in the intervening period the hotel changed hands to the Barcelo chain.The hotel is damp and very noisy, the staff do there best most of the time but it is understaffed for busy periods.Within hours of arrival a number of guests were suffering from severe ear infections from dirty water in the pool, at least 2 guests one of whom was a child required injections to treat the infection as it was remarkably resistant to antibiotics.The entire hotel needs serious upgrading to deserve a 4 star rating, the rooms are damp with mould growing on the walls and on the curtains, the pool area is in a dangerous state of repair, it took the hotel management over 4 days to remove nails that were protruding into the pool from the wall. Do not travel with small children as wherever you are in the hotel the noise from the bars after dark is intrusive. Only a few of the restaraunts have air conditioning so be prepared to suffer for what is really good food particularly in the Japanese and the Italian.My main gripe is check with your operator before you go, most weekends there is a influx of nationals who treat the hotel like a ghetto urinating in the pool, pushing into every queue, swearing at everyone, stealing toys from around the pool and being served before any other guests as they shout at the staff who seem intimidated by them, as 800 arrived on the Saturday of my stay and the hotel refuse to take on extra staff to cover the numbers it was absolute bedlam.I saw numerous guests shouting at staff and tour reps trying to get out of the hotel as the weekends are like a zoo, do not travel if you can't ensure that there won't be a weekend invasion as we sufferered.I have stayed at numerous hotels in the Caribbean, this hotel does not deserve a 3 star rating, I have never complained before so don't write me off as serial whinger, the beach is great, the staff are friendly and the food is good. My kids loved the rock climbing and the evening entertainment.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DMaldon762
<Content>Breezes Punta Cana (Now Bacelo Premium Punta Cana)       lobby  
<Date>Nov 3, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	4	1	3	3	-1	

<Author>webley
<Content>glad to get home im sorry but i cannot agree with the people who have given this hotel a thumbs up, please talk to your travel agent before going, my family have just returned this week suffering from sickness stomach upsets and as of yet an unkown infection ,there is a problem with dampness that within four days our clothes and bags were mouldy, it took us six attempts to find a half decent room, the food was of what i would consider a poor standard, the air conditioning i feel was not working correctly as were most other things including the jacuzzis,in fact the only one that was working,had pooh in it, and at one point had overheated causing a potential disaster,i am sorry to say this site felt very neglected with some areas posing potential dangers such as broken balconies, we are not an isolated case and haverecorded much evidence as proof,as have many of the people we holiday'd with have, we are not asking you to take our word for it, as this is only our opinion,but hope you take the steps of speaking to your tour operator before traveling voicing your concerns and getting any guarantees in writing  
<Date>Nov 2, 2006
<Rating>1	1	4	3	2	4	-1	-1	

<Author>Marniebenny
<Content>People Stop Complainig!!! holiday was fab Marion  John IrelandMy Self and My Husband have just returned from the Breezers Hotel for 2 weeks now taken over by barcelo while we were there. Before we left we were reading up on reviews on the hotel etc and to be honest we were very warey about going it actually put a small bit of a damper on the holiday. All i can say is that from the moment we got off the plane and to the hotel we had a brilliant time. Certainlely there are a small few things that could be up graded. we booked a sea view room suite it was absoutly fab with sky tv it was heaven for us. The food was good especially the japaneese and the Italian. there was plenty of food 24 / 7 never stopped and the drink it was just free flowing never hungry or thirsty. The disco not that great smelly. pool was fab we are beach people o stayed on beach whole time it was great waves were mighty gerat fun nocking us over brilliant. value for money definatley i probabbly would not go there peak season. i wouldnt go back here again only because we dont ever go to the same place again.. but yes it is fab there and the spa i loved it. Tip the cleaners and bar staff and ground staff they are on very little wages something like $400 a month!!!!! these are the well paid ones. most of our money went on tips. If you are planning on going or if u are going dont worry it is fab and u will enjoy it.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Smallcroft
<Content>Loved It all! Me boyfriend and I have just returned from a week at Breezes and we both loved it. I read really bad reviews on this site before going so was really nervous. Went I got there I was amazed at how gorgeous the place was and how brilliant the service from all staff was! The decor in the hotel is beautiful. We tried most restaurants and the food was lovely with a good selection, we went to the Italian twice it was that nice. Free flowing wine in all restaurants and great service!The shows in the evening were good, although the casino was our favourite place to go in the!! Staff in there are a bit unfriendly but maybe that was because we doubled our money on blackjack every night!!Beach is stunning, pool is clean and well looked after. Had a great massage on the beach, very professional and quite cheap. The waves were massive most days so not the best for swimming but great fun.We went on 2 trips, Seona Paradise Island and Tropical Safari. Both were fab. Seona is picture perfect and didnt want to leave, snorkelling was great and got your own speedboat which my boyfriend loved!All in all, it was a fab holiday and I'd recommend it to anyone! No complaints and didnt hear anyone else having any problems either!  
<Date>Oct 28, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>jnshaz
<Content>What Are You Complaining About???? just got back from Breezes(or should i now say Barcelo premium as it changed hands while we were there) stayed from 11th to 25th october. just cant understand where all the negative reviews came from that we read posted on here!! we had a great time and would recommend you to go and have a great time too!!Sure, there is room for improvement in one or two things, but nothing drastic!The food was good, no problems booking any of the resteraunts, not even after 9 am, no mile long queues to book them. All the resteraunts were very nice even the buffet was lovely at all times of the day( breakfast, lunch and dinner) You just need to remember that no matter where you are (away from home or at home) if you are eating the different types of food all the time when it gets to about 10 days of eating, it all starts to taste the same no matter what you have, as by then all you really want is something that you would eat at home!!(like a full english breakfast or a nice curry!!!)The service was good, the staff very friendly and they tried their best to help you in what ever way they could.The hotel is a lovely place yes a bit of T L C in places wouldnt go amiss, but generally it was a lovely hotel.The bars were good too, but could have done with a cuople more inside the hotel, as i dont think they would have coped or served you as quick had it been high season!!No problems with the rooms(we were on ground floor and no problems from creepy crawlies) the cleaners came every day, clean towels every day no problem at all. And the mini bar was stocked every day too ,with soft drinks and water, no problem!!The pool, what can i say! Its not a pool its a lake, its huge! It is lovely and very refreshing to cool off in after baking at the side of it for a while!! With the added bonus of the swin up bar when you fancy a drink. The beach, well what can i say, it is just beautiful!! Its breathtaking when you see it for the first time, clean white sand and clear blue/green sea, just amazing!!Two downsides we found, 1: not enough evening entertainment for the size of the hotel. Once the show is over at night, unless you want the disco(which wasnt that good) or you want to lose your money in the casino, thats it there isnt much else to keep you entertained apart from sitting round drinking. And as the sports bar closes at 11 o clock eveyone goes to the lobby bar and it gets hectic!!2: The market stalls in the hotel. You shouldnt have to take detours on your way to dinner, but find you have to to avoid getting hassled by the vendors of the stalls as you go past. They just dont take no for an answer, and even if you want to stop and look you dont as they just dont leave you alone!! The hotel management need to do something about this, as you shouldnt have to put up with it, especially inside the hotel grounds!! So take a tip if you wanna go to dinner in peace, take a detour, and avoid them, they will give you heartburn even before you reach your resteraunt!!Do some of the trips if you can as you will need a change of scenery from the hotel after a while! We did Saona island and Bavaro runners both excellent days out and well worth the money!! we also went to Manati park which wasnt that good, but the only reason we went was because i wanted to swim with the dolphins. Something i had always wanted to do. It was great swimming with them, just wish it could have been for a little longer!! So although the park itself wasnt great, it was worth it for me as i got to fulfil my dream!!Bavaro runners was great and took you all over the place to see another side of life in the Dominican. Our guide was called Eros and he made the day with his witty sense of humour, we had a great day and would highley recommend this trip!Saona island was bliss, Paradise is how i would describe this place its so beautiful. Nothing to beat sitting on this beautiful beach looking at the gorgeous Caribean sea, with a coconut freshly cut down from the nearest tree, in your hand, heavenly!!! Didnt wanna leave Saona island, wanted to stay there forever!!All in all we had a great holiday and would recommend you to go and have a great time, make your own mind up, ignore all the negative reviews, see for yourself, after all we all have different tastes, wouldnt be the same world if we all liked the same would it!!Maybe now the hotel has changed hands, the improvements that need doing will be done who knows? In my opinion it doesnt need much anyway!!Would i go back? I would love to, but (not because i didnt like the hotel) next time i would go to the south, just to see the Caribean side and maybe Saona island once again!!!  
<Date>Oct 28, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	3	3	

<Author>rjvrmv
<Content>Never Again My family and I (a total of 22 people) visited Breezes Punta Cana from Oct. 5 - Oct. 10th. The good....the pool area was beautiful (except for the occasional poop found in the pool, yes, I know disgusting, but true), the beach is definitely the nicest I've ever been too (very, very clean) and the drinks were also good...the bad (or rather the okay)....the rooms are average and are in need of a total makeover or should I say facelift, and the staff tried to please but rarely understood what we were asking them, the ugly....food, food and more food. I've never been to a place where the food was absolutely terrible. Also, trying to make reservations at any of the restaurants if you are a large group. Most of the restaurants are very warm (the air conditioning doesn't work to well in any of them) and men having to wear pants to the outside restaurants (in that heat) is completely ridiculous. We were there for 6 days, I don't know how people did it for 2 weeks.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	2	2	-1	

<Author>Gemzypops
<Content>The Dom Rep Rocks!!! Hey! My 3 friends and I visited Superclubs Breezes in Punta Cana in Sept 2006. The whole trip was absolutely amazing and that was due to especially the people and their wonderful charm! We loved them all! The food was scrumptious and there were lots of variety. The waiters catered to your every need, every day. It is impossible to fault them. The animation team rock! We loved dancing with them and they are very good at moving you where they want you so you feel like a professional! Our room was lovely and we had lots of fun getting ready to our Dominc CD, drinking our Dominican Ron then boogied on down to the lobby, then the show, then hit the Hurricane Disco. The shows are superb and varied. The animation team put lots of hard work into the shows and everything they do. We booked our next holiday there the week after we returned to gloomy England and we are returning in June 2007 when we will most definately be venturing to Mangu to experience even more dancing and partying all night long! Marvellous!!  
<Date>Oct 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>sunworshipper1
<Content>loved it!!! ignore all bad reviews we have just come back stayed 2/10/06 for 2 weeks. Had a great time. the staff are friendly and helpful,lots to do..beach fantastic blah blah its great will be going back  
<Date>Oct 20, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	5	3	4	5	4	

<Author>joshy1
<Content>Absolutely Brilliant !!! Please ignore any bad reviews about the Breezes. Me and my boyfriend along with 2 friends visited on 2nd Oct for 1 week. A week was not long enough here. We enjoyed every minute and wished we had booked for 2 weeks. The airport was abit slow checking in and leaving, but thats the way it is in the Caribbean and is well worth the wait. The rooms were not all that modern for a 4 star but were always kept clean with very good air conditioning and spacious. The fridge is stocked daily with water and soft drinks.Reservations are required for the restaurants, so it is best to get to the reception 9am prompt to reserve for that night. The waiters/waitresses are very polite and keep the drink flowing!!The beach is amazing but the waves were abit wild at times so we mainly stayed around the pool which is really big and clean and has a great bar in the middle. (Try the banana mamas)!! The local beer is rather good too!! Oh and not forgetting the champagne breakfasts in La Merlin restaurant.This has been one of the best holidays ever and would definately return one day. I cannot understand why bad reviews are left for this hotel because it was superb.ENJOY... :-)  
<Date>Oct 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Flecky
<Content>Fantastic Hotel My husband and I have just come back from two weeks at Superclubs Breezes Punta Cana and we have had a brilliant time. Our rooms were top spec......... the house keeping was A1... clean bedsheets each day and clean towels when we put them onto the bathroom floor as requested. Lovely flowers placed around the bathrooms on a daily basis too....The speciality restaurants were fantastic... as was the buffet... but I have to admit that I love being waited on for my evening meal.... and the food was amazing in them all.One or two of the bar staff could do with a little education in customer service but the majority were so polite and friendly.... and the beach is amazingso,............... if you are due to go there take lots of the reviews on here with a pinch of salt and go and enjoy, chill and relax....It's great x  
<Date>Oct 10, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	4	4	3	

<Author>PartyTimeJen
<Content>Best Time Ever!       Punta Cana Airport  
<Date>Oct 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jadey86
<Content>best holiday ever adored everything about! plenty for everyone! going back in october thats how much i enjoyed it!  
<Date>Oct 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>joann20
<Content>Loved every minute!!! Fantastic hotel, please don't listen to the reviews on here!!!Hotel is lovely, rooms could do with a scrub up, but at the end of the day, you ARE only sleeping there!!!Me and my partner stayed there for 2 weeks 20.09.06 - 04.10.06 met two lovely couples, the staff were great.... Entertainment was good, they have a lot of beach parties, 4 in total in two weeks.....Entertainment team work hard, everything is included, even baileys and champagne, could have had more choice in the buffet restaurant, but you can get yourself booked in to the speciality restaurants more than once a couple who we met, were there for a week and prob ate in the buffet once, japanese is amazing.Would definitely go there agin, beach is lovely, bit rough on the sea.....Go with open expectations, we loved it.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>raspberryjam
<Content>Well worth the money       pool view  
<Date>Oct 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lumber_gal
<Content>Very Disappointed We traveled to the Domincan Aug. 11-18th for a first vacation together far away from work for we thought would be a five star property. The pictures and descriptions couldn't have been further from the truth. While the beach was the best thing going for them. The staff we were exposed to were rude, disrespectful and far from what the property was described as being. The drinks were watered down as I have heard this was possible and when you asked for top shelf they were out or they didn't act like they knew what we were talking about. We understood that it is a third world country and that there is a language barrier, but the staff know more English than they let on. We were told by an employee at the resort of the airconditioning problems they have had for apprx. 7 months, since it was cooler outside than the restr. which was at least 100 degrees, everyone was sweating and fanning themselves. The food was not acceptable...we found the fruit and french fries the best...that is not good for what you pay. We spent over $3,000 which included our flight and we might as well have put a match to it. We could actually back-charge the resort through our credit card company since they put a value on the items describe as part of the hotel amenities. The front desk would not give us a lock for the safe to keep our passports in for 3 days, calling them and going to the front desk didn't do any good. Finally we were able to obtain the lock from someone who was a bit nicer. The bank would not open with a line standing (customers) out the door after 9am, until one of the vendors on the property came to the door. We are middle class, hard working people who just wanted a nice vacation and to be waited on a little, we would never travel back to this area and strongly advise travel agents to stay at the resorts in the area before booking them for customers. A guest (and family) we met who spoke Spanish and French spent some time with us and had an equally disappointing stay, he spoke to the manager and encouraged us to do the same. This of course did nothing, she had been vented on many times for the same issues.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	2	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>artisan123
<Content>Lovely staff, nice hotel but . . . . We stayed at Breezes Punta Cana for two weeks in September 2006. Let me start by saying that there were some aspects of this holiday that my husband and I absolutely loved. The staff are the most friendly that we have have met anywhere. They were always smiling and rushing to serve us at meal times and in the evening for drinks. They are not paid very much but they were always laughing, dancing and singing. Even though it is company policy not to tip them a discreet dollar here or there does no harm.The speciality restaurants were wonderful. We always managed to get a reservation, there was no problem at all and it was like going out to a nice restaurant every night - dressing up a bit and being looked after by the lovely waiters and waitresses - our wine glasses were never empty. The animation team worked hard - again long hours and were again extremely friendly and did their best to entertain everyone.There are problems in this hotel though. Our room was very musty and the smell didn't go off at all. The sheets and towels were very much second hand - sometimes the sheets didn't even fit the bed. There are also security problems. It seemed to us that loads of different people had keys to the rooms. One afternoon whilst we were changing for afternoon tea, a woman in a white uniform just walked in without knocking, when she realised we were in the room she couldn't get away quickly enough! Also one night our room had been searched while we were at dinner - we knew this because items had been moved around and the bathroom door had been shut - we left it open.. After making a complaint the Hotel sent us up a bottle of Champagne as a way of saying sorry (which was very nice of them) and they upped the security on our floor. We locked everything of value in the safe anyway, even my perfume, so no-one could get to it.We also have had upset stomachs, the food hygeine obviously leaves alot to be desired. Everybody we spoke to had had the same. We have been home over a week and have still not recovered from our stomach bugs which started about 5 days into the stay! One couple were so bad that they ended up in hospital on drips and were trying to get home a week early being willing to pay 500 to do so!Although not totally relevent to the Hotel I would like to share this next experience with you. I too had a trip to the Hospital/Medical centre - oh boy! Where do I start. I broke my toe on the leg of the bed in our room, it just needed strapping up with a bit of tape but the Dr in the medical room in the hotel insisted I go and have an X ray. He was just being over cautious I guess. The hospital is very poor, the sheet on the bed I was asked to lie on was dirty! I did not stay on it for long. The X ray was quickly performed and the a Dr came out and just taped the toes together! Which was what I wanted in the first place!Our nightmare began after my treatment. We were led into an admin office and immediately felt intimidated. A member of staff inspected our insurance docs and then insisted upon us handing over money to them, we were later told by our insurance company we should not have given them anything! They wouldn't take cash or travellers cheques and took our credit card, they swiped it on a machine, also took an indentation of it and also took it away to photocopy it - needless to say we cancelled it the moment we got home!!All I would say if you are going to this hotel is: Understand insurance procedure before goingTake plenty of rehydration packs and immodium with youTake micro pore and plastersTake insect repellent - Deet is bestDrink loads of waterTake plenty of one dollar bills for discreet tippingIf you go prepared for anything then you can relax and enjoy the holiday. We loved the Hotel and the people and although we wouldn't go there again we had a good time.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2006
<Rating>3	4	2	1	3	4	5	3	

<Author>ca1981
<Content>Disappointed!       Animal Adventure Park  
<Date>Sep 23, 2006
<Rating>3	2	3	4	4	3	3	4	

<Author>Harleygirl34
<Content>People People what are you complaining for?       view from the room  
<Date>Sep 15, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	2	4	-1	

<Author>saona06
<Content>best holiday i have ever had dont believe others!!!!!!       our pool view  
<Date>Sep 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	3	4	4	5	5	5	

<Author>tizza123
<Content>Loved it... I loved my holiday, hotel, food weather was just what I expected, the only problem with this hotel is the few grotty English people that go..they are the ones that are the problem. There is nothing wrong with the hygiene. For goodness sake we are eating food that we would not usually eat ,of course you are going to get stomach upsets...children get problems with their ears because they are emmersed constantly in water for a fortnight.Give this hotel a break! Please grotty english stay away from resorts you can not really afford and let us enjoy our holiday.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Londonfootiefan
<Content>Great hotel with friendly staff Just returned (11/9/06) from Superclubs Breezes having spent 14 nights there from 28/8/06. All I can say is that people should NOT believe all you read on this page, otherwise it could put you off. We had a BRILLIANT time here and would highly recommend it to anyone visiting the Dom Rep. I have the following comments:STAFF:The staff at this resort are very pleasant and friendly. They are quick to help with any query you have about the place generally. Given the hours they seem to work, they are remarkably amiable and accommodating with guests (I suspect more than some of us would be after working a 16-hour shift!)RESTAURANTS:I'd previously read on quite a few reviews that you couldn't get into the speciality restaurants because of the booking system. Not true - for the 14 days we were there, we ate at the restaurant of our choice for 12 of those days. We decided to go to the buffet on the other two nights because we fancied a change. All you need to do is go to reception at some time during the course of the day (no queuing as was intimated by some reviews) and look at which restaurants still have free space for the time you want to eat. The staff then book it for you - no problem or drama involved. ROOM:Our room was immaculately kept. It was cleaned each day and the fridge stocked with water and soft drinks each day. Obviously I can't comment on other people's experience with the housekeeping, but ours was first class and it did not require us to tip the maid to get this excellent service. We had a problem with the hot water in the shower a few days in and were quickly moved to another (with a better view) room by the hotel staff. FOOD:You would have to be a VERY picky eater not to be able to find something to eat at this resort. There are the speciality restaurants to choose from AND the buffet which caters to different tastes by varying the food by having different theme evenings (eg Italian, North Amercian etc) each night. Everything we ate was delicious. Some people complained of stomach upsets, but we did not suffer at all from any ill effects of eating at this resort. I suspect it was a combination of too much sun and then eating food which they weren't used to, coupled to drinking alcohol in the daytime in the scorching eat which contributed to some of these upset tums! People do things on holiday which they wouldn't dream of doing at home and then wonder why they get ill! Don't blame the hotel for your own over-indulgence. POOL AND BEACH:The pool area was nice, but as there weren't enough parasols we spent most of the holiday at the beach. We were glad we chose to do this as there was a lovely breeze coming off the sea whilst you had plenty of shades under the numerous parasols provided there. Also it was great to be able to go just a couple of steps into that lovely surf. The sand is great to walk on as it feels like you're walking in flour as its so soft under foot.ENTERTAINMENT:The entertainment was so-so, but it's what you expect in resort hotels. The staff tried extremely hard to entertain and they did a wonderful job with children. All in all we had a great, relaxing holiday and would definitely go back to this hotel. I recommend you go and see for yourself that this is truly a wonderful place for sun, sea and relaxation!  
<Date>Sep 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>justhelpingout
<Content>never again Hi just got back from breezes punt cana.29.08.2006First of all this is the first time I have written a review .Never felt I needed to in the past all my holidays have been good, So I guess you can see where im going with this one.The rooms where damp and smelly.The food which has to be the main reason for going all inclusive was terrible to say the least.Sorry I tell a lie we did have one good meal in the too weeks, That was in the marlin restaurant. (steak)We and everybody I spoke to had diarrhoea and stomach ache after the first two days.And despite taking the relevant tablets didn go away.The more we talked to people the more we all just wanted to go home.By the way the drinks well it could have been the drinks that mad us unwell but not sure on that one, where ok but had to wait at times.Now for the good things.The beach what a beach the best I have ever seen no lie.The staff very friendly always there and happy to help you.This has put me off going to breezes punt cana ever again and probably the Dominican republic all together. Sorry if this puts you off going but that just me trying to help and being honest.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	1	3	2	3	3	2	

<Author>redcar22
<Content>Loved it We have just returned and all i can complain about is there are not enough parasols around the pool area and the free towels are grubby, yes in some areas it could do with a little TLC but nothing to stop you enjoying your holiday. We only tried the italian restaurant and that was very nice meal.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2006
<Rating>5	3	3	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>Marianne007
<Content>if you want to loose weight choose this hotel My husband and I went on a two week holiday Aug /Sept to Breezes with our four year old daughter. The holiday was a reasonable price for a late deal but that still didn't excuse this hotels health issues.They seem to have been poisoning tourists for a couple of years now, going by the reviews, and Thomson, who I always took to be a sincere company until now, are STILL sending people there.Nearly everyone we spoke to had gastric problems including a honeymoon couple. My husband lost pounds in weight. Luckily children werent affected so much but it made you paranoid about eating anything. People from other hotels were fine.There was also an outbreak of about 200 ear infections so we didnt use the pool after that.This resort needs an input of cash so it can be cleaned and spruced up, new towels, Linen, pillows, sunbeds. Screw in the electrics and make the hotel safe.Pay those staff more and teach them good kitchen hygine so they are happier or the hotel will loose star rating altogether.We actually did have a good holiday the weather was gorgeous throughout, the beach was the most beautiful weve ever seen and the waves were fun. There were humming birds and parrots outside our window and the breeze kept the mosquitos at bay. The other tourists were fun and helpful and my daughter loved the mini disco and the friends she made there. The entertainment was cheesey but well done and the dominicans for once showed genuine smiles while performing.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	5	1	3	2	3	

<Author>Chirstine
<Content>Not a 4 star! I just came back from the Breezes last Sunday. I have to say that I have been to many all inclusives resorts in the past few years and this is one of the worst Hotel I have stayed. The food was not good, and I have been to Cuba, Mexico etc and never a complaint, but this time I even got sick. Not to mention the beach grill, the meat for the burgers would be grilled almost 1 hour in advance...not eatable!!! The staff was not that friendly, at time even rude. One night me and my son got to the Mexican restaurant at 19h25, the reservation was for 19h30, there is only a few people sitting down at the tables, and we were told to come back once it's 19h30 in a rude and abrupt way! One day I went to get information on the snorkeling trips at the diving center, the employee was more interested in checking me out than helping me...needless to say that we did not buy any trip from him!I left a $3 tip for the maid every day, not once she gave us any extra, some days she would not even put any bottles of water back in the mini bar... and the room was not that clean, hair on the floor and in the bath tub...I only ask for a minimum! A little trick, if you go to this Hotel, bring a bottle of Febreze...it helps a little and remove a little bit of the musty smell.The beach is beautiful and the entertainment staff was ok....All in all, I would not recommand this Hotel only because I have been to other 4 stars Hotels, and they were much much nicer! It looks good on the pictures...but that's about it!Montreal,Canada  
<Date>Aug 29, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	4	1	3	2	3	

<Author>sharky888
<Content>beautiful place,good time,but..... My family and i stayed here in july and i have to say we had a good time. The resort is very nice, the employee's very nice, the beach beautiful!!! But we had a lot of problems with our room and had to be moved 2 times. I would say at least 40% of the guests here had room problems also. The other downfall is the food is terrible. We have been to a lot of all inclusive resorts,but never have we been so disappointed with the food. If I where you I would do a little more research and you will find a better place. John n.y.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2006
<Rating>3	4	2	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>PatrickSabrina
<Content>For a 4 stars,it was perfect. Hi there all.One thing to begin with dont count on the bad reviews because may be those people weren't in the mood of vacation or with the bad persons or smthin else.I went to Jamaica,Cuba,Puerto Rico,Panama,Hawaii,Mexico etc...and this hotel is really nice.Im not sayin PERFECT 100%...The Breezes was amazin for a 4 stars hotel.Dont think that everything would be perfect.There are always little things goin different than the way we thought or dreamed about or expected.The drive from airport till hotel was fine.After we cheked up (AROUND 10 MINUTES WAITING) we headed to our room wich was on the third floor and had an extremely hallucinating view on the pool and the beach.Everything in the room was perfect: The cleanless,service,etc...The satff were amazin and what was really cool is that you're not forced to tip them so that they do you a service as in other hotels or places.They were really cool,understanding,professional,sweet and very smily.One thing is bad: People on vacation who get drunk easily and start doin disturbing stuff.They should have vacation in their home.STAY HOME.The food was fine (a 4 stars would be fair).But the restaurants were better than buffet.Breakfasts were delicious.The pool was amazin but you have to reserve ur chair early in the moorning.THE BEACH: Ammmmaaaaazzzzziiiiinnnnn...(5 Stars).I cant say anything else...If you are searchin for fun and rest at the same time this is a good resort.You can have fun near the pool but you can also rest and have calm moments on the sides of the resort.You have to try the Breezes once in your life.Beleive me it worth it.By the way the excursions to Sanoa and Altos de Chavon were amazin....  
<Date>Aug 25, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>pkal
<Content>really not that bad Just got back from Breezes and I must say it really isn't as bad as most people make it out to be.Food: the main rest. was kinda blah, not that much variety however every night was different; mexican, seafood, dominican, european..etc. the a la cart were alrite. We made our own reservations, they didnt pre-pick it for us....like some people here have written. Dominican really wasnt too exciting, French was really slow service and we almost passed out because it was so hot in there, italian was nice and quick, mexican was good.Rooms: its a room people!!! this should be the least of your worries...your on vacation to sit by the pool and beach and not worry how your room looks, however yes the room are mugy and do smell a bit. Pool: not too bad. a bit dirty but the pool cleaners try their best at cleaning it. it's fairly nice and big. the pool bar..well there is quite a line up, but not too bad. Beach: nice nice nice!!!! waves are awesome and the sand is white. pure bliss!Entertainment: so much to do. everything from water aerobics, to step aerobics, to rock climbing, to trapeeze, to volleyball, bocce ball, ping pong, pool, and maybe games. the animation uys are funny and really nice. once you get to know them you'll be in love with them. they are amazing people. and the shows at night, i wouldnt be complaining, i would like to see some of these people get up and try to dance like them..its not that easy. overall pretty good hotel, i have been to better but i cant complain about this one ;)  
<Date>Aug 21, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	3	5	4	

<Author>amdg
<Content>not as bad as some of the reviews... hello everyone...just returned from breezes, was there for a week with my husband and two children (13 and 9)...and honestly it is not as bad as some of the reviews make it out to be...we have travelled a lot (cancun, jamaica, cayo coco, holguin, bermuda)..and it is comparable to any other 4 star resort..arriving at the airport and ride to the hotel was fine, once we got to the hotel, it took about 10 minutes to check in....we got the suite we requested....not very new, however it was fine, 2 bathrooms, 2 tv's , a bed in one room and 2 double beds in the other....my only complaint is not enough room to store your clothing, other than that, the air conditioning worked well and our view was spectacular...the room was cleaned every morning around 11, however, we never got clean towels until later in the afternoon, that was a bit of a pain, but i spoke to the maid and after the second day, the towels were in the room right after she cleaned it....no problems at all with the shower or toilet, both worked fine.....the mini bar was always stocked with plenty of water, pop and beer...the beach is spectacular, always plenty of lounge chairs no matter what time you go...if you want your hair braided, dont' do it at the resort....it will cost you half the price if you walk down the beach 15 minutes, there are ladies sitting along the beach and will do it for a lot less....the pool was fine...my only problem with the pool area is that by 8:00, most of the lounge chairs and umbrellas were already taken, eventhough people didn't actually use them until later in the day.....some were up as early as 7 to put their towels on the chairs....oh well, i did the same thing after a couple of days....go with the flow....the buffet was good at breakfast, we only had lunch there once, and mainly ate at the restaurant by the pool, there was bbq, salad, fruit, fries, etc....we only ate in the buffet for dinner on the first night, it was ok...not great..,,,every other night we ate in the restaurants...when we checked in, we received 3 reservations....the other 3 nights, we just showed up at the restaurant just after 6....smiled and asked if there were any tables available....and without a tip and no problem at all...we were in.....there is no need to wait in line at 9:00 with 20 people in front of you to book a restaurant or change your reservation time,...the italian, french and japanese restaurants were good, the seafood restaurant was ok...i love seafood and ordered the lobster, the next day, my son and i paid for it...lol.....the people at the resort work hard...they are always cleaning and trying their best to serve the guests,,,,,so what if the bartender takes someone else before you...you are on holiday...no rush...right??....if you like coconuts...there is a gardener around the pool area with a black garbage bag....go to him and ask for a coconut, he will climb the trees, get one for you....i got 2 and gave him a dollar, my kids loved it....one thing that really bothered me was some of the guests, they would have a drink, and leave the glass on the floor, they would have lunch by the pool and leave their dirty plate there....they would go to the show at night and leave glasses all over...well...those were the people complaining about the cleanliness of the hotel and the staff!!!!!!!!!!.....what does it take to throw something out??? i don't get it.... oh well...overall, we had a great time,,,,we rested and relaxed, we met a lot of people....and got a great tan....yes, there could be changes made to the buffet, and some renovations to the resort ...however do not be turned off by some of the reviews, remember, you are on holiday...you don't have to cook, you don't have to clean, you don't have to work...go...relax....enjoy and have fun......  
<Date>Aug 21, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	4	4	

<Author>divefamilia
<Content>Great Sand, Nice People, Moslty All Inclusive       The Wreck  
<Date>Aug 20, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>louisg625
<Content>It is what it is The fair amount of mixed reviews post on here just prior to our departure had me travelling with my heart in my mouth. However I must say our Breezes experience was very enjoyable BUT not without reason to see why some people would have a negative time.The resort is lovely but not the newest. There is a fair amount of evidence of wear and tear BUT then again its not the 4 seasons hotel. The food is the low point However you can always find something in the buffet you just can try everything. My wfe and I were amazed by people in the buffet acting as if they were never fed before. Manners by the guests were definately forgotten. Some reviews complain about slow-service from the staff. While this is true, the reason is simple...EVERYTHING is self-service. Even the beverages. There is a soda-bar and such on the sides of the resturaunt (ALCAZARS), we didn't notice this until night four of trip. Once we did, we never had any probs getting beverages. The theme nights of the main buffet leave something to be desired, and the deserts were god-awful. They look amazing, but taste like crap.The salad bar is terrific and they have this fantastic salsa vinegrette that my wife and I actually miss. Pasta is always available and safe to eat.These complaints about food focus mainly on dinner. Breakfast and Lunch were the best two meals of the day. We would eat breakfast in the resturaunt next to the pool. You could always get omelettes for the morning and burgers and some of the best grilled chicken with an absolutely terriifc BBQ sauce (you put it on yourself, the chicken is not pre-coated).The morning excursions are not good for grabbing something quick before you go. If you leave at 8:00 in the AM you can swipe some croissants or such (recommended to do) but since they don';t open before 7:30 some of the other trips you'll leave hungry.The morning practice of placing your towels and some other effects on the beach chairs/pool chairs is tiresome. The resort says you cannot reserve chairs until 8:00 AM but try waiting that long. Most of the chairs are reserved by large groups (5-6 people). Since we were only two people we could usually find something but not always in the prime locations. I was able to secure an umbrella a couple of days, and unless you want to crisp, I suggest this.The shower was the least favorite part of the room, as water pressure and temperature was variable. Didn't use the biday...The balcony was heaven and any complaints were quickly erased when sitting out there at night. Ocean was close, the sky was brilliant and just heaven.The staff was nice but be prepared to tip and tip often. $5 will do it but its frequent. The vendors come every other day which is fine when you want to shop but annoying when you want to be left alone. Avoid the shops in the resort unless you must have something and then be prepared to haggle. The offer you a price...you tell them half and be prepared to walk away without it. Every store, shop or souvenier stand you come to sells the EXACT same merchandise...even in the airport departure lounge. Its nice stuff but you can get it later. Most times the clerk will not let you leave and meet your price. Just have to hold firm to what you want to spend.I did have my sunglasses stolen by the pool but other than that the property was safe-enough. We were on our honeymoon and it was enjoyable enough but truly its not a honeymoon resort. There are other in punta cana better suited for that. Breezes was a family resort and there were a lot of children. Perhaps it was the time of year we went that contributed.The casino is hardly much of anything, and should be avoided.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2006
<Rating>4	2	3	5	4	4	4	2	

<Author>Shagg
<Content>Loved the hotel My husband and I travelled to the Dominican with my brother and his fiancee. They were married on the beach at Breezes.While we've been to a number of other places in the Carribean, this was our first trip to the Dominican. The Dominican is much like other islands in the Carribean - very poor, and a much different culture than what Americans are accustomed to. The resort was a pleasant surprise - it was absolutely beautiful! The grounds and landscaping are unbelievable, as is the enormous free form pool. Our rooms were nice and we did not have any issues with noise. Partying was not a problem - I suspect because this is a family resort with many children. The beach is incredible - the purest sand we've ever seen.  We were most impressed with the wedding coordinator, Jennifer Cote. She was wonderful to work with - very organized and good at what she does. The wedding went off without a hitch and was absolutely beautiful. The bride and groom had something special in their room almost every day which was definitely a special touch. I would HIGHLY recommend a wedding at this resort. They did a GREAT job!!!The food was a bit different than what we're accustomed to in the US, but tolerable. We assume some of the food is a result of the European influence (there are a TON of Europeans in the DR, especially English)We did not have any trouble in the airport, although it was crowded and we had to filter through the normal lines as you do in any airport. The people at the airport weren't the friendliest - but no worse than they were in Miami! We found most of the resort employees to be helpful and friendly. Language is definitely a barrier here, unless you're fluent in Spanish. If you go to the DR, I would highly recommend the 4-wheeling excursion with Bavaro Runners. It was awesome and definitely worth the money. Wear your bathing suit (they let you go swimming) and take a camera. The scenery is gorgeous. Also, you will get dirty - but it's worth it!All in all, we had a great time and are glad we experienced the Dominican. Don't know if we'll go back simply because we like to experience different places.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>twiggy1469
<Content>Went worried but when there loved it!!! Just returned from a great holiday at Superclub Breezes, my husband, myself and our 2 children aged 12 and 9. We arrived at Punta Cana on 2nd August with trepidation as there were a lot of negative reviews regarding this resort. We had a hair raising transfer from the airport, approx 50 mins, the Dominican roads are what I would say interesting!! Check in was easy and quick and we had a porter service to take our cases to the room.When we got to the room we did experience the musty smell on the bed linen so I would recommend the purchase of fabreeze!!I think this is not due to lack of cleaness it is just the tropical climate.The other problem that we encountered is lack of towels on one occasion and a problem with the toilet, this was reported and sorted out within half an hour, I cannot fault the maintainence staff as this was at 6.30am.The entertainment staff work tirelessly and deserve praise, the children enjoyed the pool which we found to be clean and the pool area was constantly being cleared of litter, of the lazy people whom could not be bothered to use the numerous bins.We had 6 reservations in the speciality restaurants, I would highly recommend the Japanese, French and Italian where service here was frendly and courteous. We found all of the restaurants to be of a good quality and always was able to cater to all of usMy main gripe was some of the American guests whom thought it was there god given right to be served 1st, one knocking over my little boy in haste to get to the bar, we found they were rude and arrogant and the Dominican staff where taking abuse from them on a daily basis. I think that overall the Dominican is a great place to holiday, would I return to this hotel maybe not, but we had a good time once we got into the Dominican time frame!!!I hope that I have not affended the American nation, this is not my intention it was only a handful of people  
<Date>Aug 17, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>barbarar1765
<Content>Fair I had not been away to the Caribbean for about 10 years, so bringing my two children 13 and 10 I was very excited. I was also meeting my sister who was arriving later in the day.We got there early so we knew our room would not be ready. We checked our bags, but I was smart enough to pack a separate bag with our bathing suits in it. We changed in the common bathroom and were ready to go. Of course I had to stop and get us a drink from the lobby bar, which took quite some time. We explored the resort and found it to be lovely. Went to the beach and the kids went wading in the ocean while I went to get us more drinks, this time at the beach bar. This took a long time again. I am an attractive, very fit woman and I am not accustom to being pretty much ignored. It took me approximately 10 minutes to get a glass (cup) of wine and soda for my kids. Around 3:00 our room was ready and the transfer of our luggage went fine. Our room was nice enough, beautiful view of resort AND ocean...we had what we needed. My only complaint about the room was it was freezing, so we turned down the A/C, but that made condensation on the floor. We complained, but they said there was nothing they could do, so we kept towels on the floor to wipe the moisture up constantly because I wasn't going to be cold. My sister was checked in and much to my surprise, she was two rooms away! This resort is HUGE so I was very happy about that. For dinner, we tried to get into the Japanese restaurant, but we were told we needed reservations and they were booked, but the place looked empty. My sister who speaks fluent Spanish tried speaking with them, but no way! We were told we had to come back at 4:30 to wait on line to make a reservation! I wait on line while I'm not on vacation, the last thing I wanted to do was wait on line to make a stupid reservation. We tried the other restaurants, but they were booked as well, + the French restaurant had a wedding and wasn't taking reservations at all. We ate at the buffet. So the next day, I got there at 4:30 like they said and the line was enormous. The person in front of me was the last reservation! I was able to get us into the Italian restaurant this night, (the kids loved the Tortellini Alfredo) but it was my daughter that really wanted the Japanese. So the next day I went back at 3:30 to find I was the third person on line. Can you believe that??? I was smart; I brought 2 drinks with me since I knew I'd be there a while. Needless to say, being third on line, I finally got the reservation! After all this, the food wasn't that good at all. The only place we didn't have to make a reservation was the Mexican place; we just gave our name and were told to come back in about a 1/2 hour. This was the only bar that actually served you right away and didn't make you feel invisible. The pool bar was a joke. You could probably be drowning and no one would notice you. At one point myself and my sister waited a 1/2 hour and NO ONE even looked our way. If you weren't doing a beer bong you didn't belong there. My kids were looking forward to going to a swim up bar just to hang in the pool and drink a soda, what a disappointment. We did a few excursions- A two hour horse ride, which was excellent! The horses are a bit tired, but we went full gallop down the beach on our way back! The kids loved this, but a word of advice, barter with the guys; we went from $60 a person to $50. We did an all day safari where they give you a Jeep to drive yourself. It's an all day thing, but well worth the money. Then we did a snorkeling excursion...the boat ride from hell! Since we left during a storm the water was very rough, rain pelting your like gun shot and your butt slamming up and down on the metal seats, was just excruciating, I think it's because I am thin and don't have much padding. If you bring bread with you, the fish will eat it right out your hands, but watch your fingers. The ride back was much smoother. My son had a cold when we left, but it turned worse as the days went by. We went to the doctor at the resort and he sent us to a clinic in an ambulance. We got to the clinic where they didn't speak English. They took and x-ray of my son with me standing right next to him. Then in broken English, the doctor said he had fluid in his lungs and had to stay there for two days while I go back to the resort! ARE YOU FREAK'EN KIDDING ME!!! They told me I had to come back the next day and see the pediatrician. Needless to say I refused and they sent me back with Zyrtec and an expectorant. Zytec is for allergies, my son was already on allergy medication. I don't know if they thought I was stupid or something, but I had been a mother for 13 years, I knew my son just had bronchitis and need an anti-biotic. We took a cab back to the resort for $20.00 (thank God I had $ on me) and I found my sister and we went back to the resort doctor. I told him that he had bronchitis and need an antbiotic, he handed it to me right there. Within 3 days, my son was fine. My advice to anyone traveling out of the country, go to your doctor and get an antibiotic and bring it with you. To top it off, when I got the bill for all this, it was $1200.00 and they had two days f service on it. I fought the charges and they changed it to $800.00. Bottom line of this resort, people not helpful or friendly and give BAD service. If it wasn't for the extra things we did, it would have been a complete waste of my hard earned money. Bring your pocket book because I spend and additional $1500.00, not including my son's medical bills.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2006
<Rating>2	3	3	4	4	4	1	-1	

<Author>Sonyacas
<Content>Majority of the staff unfriendly.. It was my first time to a trip abroad especially to an all-inclusive resort. I went with high expectations. I figure since I speak the language that it would not be a problem. Majority of the staff were not friendly. Bathroom mat disgusting. Wires sticking out of the outlets to the elevator. They were fixing an elevator and they did not have a danger sign. Unsafe for small children.Make sure you put everything in the SAFE!!!!The food was ahhh..Dominican Restaurant lousy...no beans..don't go with a big appetite. They say the serve Premium liquor...only saw Absolut and Stoli but not at all bars.. buy your own when leaving to the trip at the duty free..Also..bring your own cranberry or OJ...Watersports...were only able to do it one time..banana boat..kayaking..snorkling..they stamp you to make sure..Bring your own singles..you're lucky if the bank on site has $$$.I must say though, the beach is exceptional!!All in all my friends and I made the best of it. But next time if we go to DR..we will try Paradisius (sp?)  
<Date>Aug 9, 2006
<Rating>2	1	3	2	2	3	1	-1	

<Author>plummety
<Content>Don't believe the brochure Very disappointing. Described as 4-5 stars. Reads wonderfully in brochure. In reality is more 2/3 star. Rooms a bit grubby, air conditioning smelled so much we had to switch it off and then the room became water logged. Sewage leaking from some external drains. Whole hotel needs more maintenance. Tiles slipping off roof. Tiles missing from pool - makeshift repairs done and broken tiles just thrown into flower beds in middle of pool along with cups and straws. Fridge in room rusty with pool of water in bottom. Toilet flushing constantly.Almost everyone we spoke to felt the same.Is quite a big hotel with not enough staff to keep up with demand. Had to set our own table in the restaraunt mostly.Around the pool sunbeds past sell buy date and most umbrellas broken - not that there were many.Positive points - lovely beach. I didn't think the food was that bad some good speciality restauraunts.Again on the negative. You are a captive tourist and prices in hotel shop are prohibitive - 1.00 for two paracetamol. Hair gel 10.00. Pringles 4.00.Would not go back. Whoever is making profit from this needs to put some money back into their investment.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	3	2	-1	

<Author>Travelingtrio
<Content>Waste of money! In two words, don't go. If you do, go with low expectations. This was the biggest waste of our hard-earned money ever. We have gone to other all-inclusive resorts and were pleased. The pictures on the web site are accurate, until you see it up close, in person. First, the good things:The beach was gorgeous! Lots of families. Very enjoyable, our favorite part of the trip. Huts are taken early, but there are plenty of chairs.The snorkeling excursion, the Caribbean Festival, was great! Very nice and entertaining crew. Double-decker pontoon boat. Fun day, good snorkeling, good snacks. Really enjoyed this.Now, the bad things:In general, the entire resort was in disrepair. Everythings needs repair, paint, and updating. Our room was okay, beds were hard mattresses on wood, bathroom tile was cracked and moldy, toilet leaked on floor. Maids did do a good job each day. We were near the pool, it was very noisy until midnight or later with parties.The pool tiles were all cracked, the water was warm, the pool bar crowded with beer parties going on (not a family environment). We stayed away from the pool and at the beach every day.The food was less than adequate. We had to survey the entire buffet to find something that we weren't cautious about eating. The open-air buffet had flies on the food. The waiters were less than helpful. No need to tip. The freshly-grilled items seemed to be the best bet. The drinks were usually warm, the filtered water had an odor. The specialty restaurants were a little better, but still not what we were expecting. The kids club was also in disrepair. We did not leave our 9 yr old there. Did not feel safe in doing so. We will not be going back to this resort, probably not to the DR.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2006
<Rating>2	1	1	2	2	3	2	-1	

<Author>Markatafm
<Content>Oh I so want to give it a 5 but........ Sometimes when you expect the worst and it does,nt materialize you get such a sense of relief that it just makes everything sooo more palatable.My wife and I and two children have just returned from a 10 day stay at Breezes. After touring various websites we actually got a the best deal from Superclubs by booking direct. We had a few problems with their website and pay pal but nothing that a fax and phone call could,nt fix. We were,like most, drawn to the resort by the lovely photos on the website and facilities for the kids. It was only after we booked that we started to hear rumors and read bad reviews not only about the resort but the DR itself. Having said this we are seasoned travellers and have visted many resorts both in the mediteranean and US.We also live in Orlando so are used to a certain level of service and would expect it at whatever price we pay. Whereas we appreciate that individual expectations and expriences may have a lot to do with much of the negative feedback we can only tell you how we both loved this resort ,the people and the DR with just a few exceptions.Firstly,the flight was great on Spirit Airlines,leather seats nice newish plane,good start.No full meal on board ,just snacks so eat before or take a packed lunch.As usual food at the airport is a rip.We arrived on a beautiful sunny afternoon,the airport was our first pleasant surprise as we were half expecting an aircraft hanger full of goats!.It was certainly not this and on a par with most mediteranean aiports.It was not air conditioned but there was a lovely breeze,welcome comittee in traditional dress and band.Baggage claim was organized chaos but fun none the less.Our carousel was,nt moving so the bags were just there and you had to find them by yourself.Before you go through customs,you have to fill in a form for each person and pay $10 bucks tourist entry fee.This was in cash so make sure you have it.They give you a tourist card then take it back 5 minutes later at customs!!.Personally I have no problem paying the money as I have experienced it before,I just hope it goes towards the right things,like filling in the pot holes in the roads,which I ll touch upon later.Customs was quick and painless,mainly because there was no one there!!When we excited we found our rep from Dominicana Travel very quickly and were escorted immediately to our waiting chariot.Nice air condition mini van again no complaints.As soon as you leave the airport the poverty is very apparent and sad.I must admit it is probably not the best way to start your vacation as it brings you down to earth very,very quickly.In fact the drive from the airport was an experience in itself.That being said our driver was very cordial and got to resort with 30 mins.We passed several other resorts on the way and Breezes is pretty much the last on this stretch of Beach.The resort I have to say is beautiful.We loved the open verandas and reception area it was all very welcoming.True there were signs of age in the building and some minor maintenance issues but other than that everything was fine.Check in was speedy and we were delighted,due in part to a kindly worded email to Breezes before departure voicing concerns,to be upgraded to an Ocean View room.Porterage again was efficient and we did tip.Our room was clean and comfortable if though slightly small for a family of 4.The beds were equivalent to a US queen size and adequate.Bathroom pleasant,small stocked fridge,safe,hair dryer,iron and board,TV was good size but chanels were mainly in spanish.Not much of a bother to us because we hardly used it.Again the room was not the best we have ever stayed in but I have paid much more for much less!!,The best was yet to come though as our balcony directly overlooked the ocean and it was quite simply breathtaking!!.After a quick change we went exploring,it really is a huge resort.The pool is one of the biggest I have ever seen,swim up bar was nice but I have a problem with 30-40 adults drinking non-stop ,all day with the nearest bathroom 50 yards away ,if you catch my drift.We prefered the beach which again is simply stunning,sand is like flour,Lots of cabanas,tiki hut style,plenty of loungers all in good condition,Oh My.There were a lot of sand flies,which look like wasps,but they don't sting especially around the cabanas half way up the sand bank.The ones at the top and bottom seemed to have less of a problem.Ocean was crystal clear and warm.Living in Florida it takes alot to impress us but this is truly a beautiful place.Food is plentiful and again better than we expected,the buffet was great for breakfast,try the omlettes and lots of fresh fruit,Lunch had a few options,El Sombreo had a limited but fresh selection,fries,burgers,pizza, salad etc,nice for a quick snack on the beach with no hassel,pool side the BBQ has great chops and chicken.The Marlin restaurant served up a wider selection for lunch and it is right beside the pool but we always found more flies there then we liked.The bars are plentiful and never had to wait more than 5 mins for a drink.Even though our spanish is limited we always found the staff easy to communicate with.True most prefer you to speak in spanish even though the majority seemed to speak English.We found that evn if you just ried to order in spanish you got a big smile and you could see they appreciated.We found the service in all the bars and restaurants to be both friendly and efficient,attitude might have something to do with that!!The speciality restaurants were all good,we changed two of our reservations by going to reception at 8.45 and requesting.No problem altough usually the times were after 9pm.Italian was great,Japanese was great fun if a little 'warm' and I'm not talking about the food,Paris,was the best again super food and great service.we avoided the Marlin and the Dominican Restuarant as we had bad reports from other guests.On a whole no tummy upsets and no issues.Watersports were great,take the free 1/2 catamaran trip,you get your own guide and it was lovely,kayaks were hard work but fun.snorkeling was daily for us ,great fun,There is a $29 trip to the reef which other people liked.$10 each for the kids on the donut ,well worth it,boogie boards were free and the Banana Boat was a blast.Parasailing was extra.Again no problems with staff.We went horseridng on the beach which was $100 for all of us at El Pat Ranch,it is on the hotel grounds and a lovely way to spend your first few hours of the day.The shows/entertainment were better than we expected.There was something different every night.It's not Vegas but fun.The kids so much fun during the day on the trapeze,rock climbing,pool tables,tennis etc.The casino is small and not upto par although the disco was really quite niceAll in all I would love to give the resort a 5 but it does have some issues and could rectify these easily.I would give it a hearty 4 especially when you look at the value for money.I would have paid that much just for the room alone!!Go with an open mind,big friendly smile, a few extra $ bills,some simple spanish phrases and lots of sunscreen and I dare you not to enjoy yourself!!  
<Date>Aug 4, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	4	4	

<Author>dstroke
<Content>There's no such thing as a bad buffet! after reading many mixed reviews, i was on the verge of cancelling my trip, but against my better judgement, we went. we arrived on 25/07/06. we had bid on and won 2 trips thru Sky Auction.com, we had asked for adjoining rooms, when we arrived we were assigned 2 rooms not adjoining, but 6 doors down from each other. we found out there are no adjoining rooms, and because the hotel was full we were told to wait till the next day to get a room change. i was traveling with my wife and 2 teenage girls ages 16 and 13. and because my daughter was 16 and considered an adult we needed 2 rooms. so we seperated and slept comfortably in 2 rooms. they do not assign you an specialty restaurant the first night of your stay, no we had to eat in the buffet. (more on that later). The next day, i went to the desk and spoke to Felix about changing rooms,he offered me 2 rooms next to each other on the first floor. i asked if we could have a suite instead of having 2 rooms,we would just use one, he agreed and gave us suite 3201,saying the hotel was full and he could use the 2 rooms back. room 3201 was a beautiful suite with 2 rooms a jacuzzi and a terrace(all rooms have a terrace) that overlooked the theatre. we were give reservation for 3 nights, we were staying fot 9 nights. so i got on a line at 8:30 am on the next day to change them, i found out you could only change reservations that you already had a 9am not get ones for nights you did not have. so we changed the 3 reservations and went back around 2pm and asked Juan to help us, and we walked away with reservations for out entire stay. we emjoyed the pool and the beach, there is always some kind of activity going on, or you can just relax by either and enjoy.Restaurants:Mexican: 4 stars out of 4, lots of flavor good selectionMonasan: 4 out of 4, good show, good foodMartinos: 4 out of 4, except for the LasagnaParis: 4 out of 4,great steak!! desserts could have been betterAlcazar: Yuck!! very poor selection, for dinner and lunch.omletes and eggs ok for breakfast, milk though it came from a refrigerated machine was WARM. too warm for cereal, breads and pastries were good. bacon was always over cooked, and only selection we eat from the warming tables were the hash browns,which weren't available everyday.Bars:pool bar: good, but if you spoke spanish,you were served first. not a big deal,if your not tipping!bars inside the lobby: same as aboveOverall i'd say we had a great time, we enjoyed a vacation just staying in one spot,(we've never done that before), we didn't go into town,but vendors showed up on Tuesdays,Thursdays and Saturdays to sell their wares.(make sure you bargain).we tipped the maid $2.00 every other day, and we always had plenty of towels and a well stocked refigerator, (including beer).i would like to see them improve the way the keep things cold. bottle water was sometimes served warm and find a way to chill the milk/  
<Date>Aug 4, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>aaron50701
<Content>My wedding experience! I just returned yesterday from my wedding at Breezes Punta Cana. We went there in a group of 8, ages from my 2 year old son to my new in-laws in there mid 50s. I'm going to break up this review into sections to give you an idea of my experience here.Airport: While it looks cool, it is probably the most unorganized airport I have ever been too! First of all, the airline lost our luggage for 2 days (luckily we had most of our materials for the wedding in our carry on) and unless you heckle at some of the staff there, who are very helpful, count on waiting in long lines. Also, don't try to pay for anything at this airport or resort with travelers cheques, they don't take them. So after all the fiasco with the airport, and there less-than-quick response to our missing luggage(it sat at the airport for an additional 12 hours before they decided to drive it to our resort) we were on our way.The hotel: The travel to the hotel was a bit nerve racking since the drivers in this country are crazy! And it is a bit depressing to see some of the locals on our way. One funny thing I saw was in the middle of all the poor conditions, there was a Burger King connected to a busy gas station! Anyway, we got to the hotel and it was beautiful, check in was quick and we had an appointment right away to see Melanie, our wedding coordinator. The room was a bit musty but to be expected in the humid climate. We had champagne and chocolate Bon Bons waiting for us in our room when we arrived as well. I have to say that the staff is probably the most helpful I have ever seen. Even with some language barriers they always had smiles and made it all worh it, they really bend over backwards for you. The food: The food was good, and surprisingly only my mom and I had stomache problems! My son ate and ate with no problems but my mom caught a bacterial infection but is fine. Don't let that deter you, they serve hundreds of people every day and the food and beverages are very tolerable. I stayed away from the lettuce and most other vegetables. We ate at the Manzan and the Paris resturant and were very impressed. All the wine you could drink and the food was very good. We didn't try the others since we didn't have our clothing for another 2 days:) The buffet was good as well as the outdoor burger place. Make sure your burger is done because sometimes it doens't even look like it's touched the grill! I tipped quite often since they seemed to work so hard and I really felt bad if I didn't. Sometimes though, when your sitting at the bar it pays to have a couple singles or even a 5 dollar bill out in order to get some service, do this and you will have no poblem getting water or booze. The beach/pool: Both above average, the sand is just amazing and the views are wonderful, especially if you have a room with the ocean view. Try to get there early and reserve a spot by the pool otherwise you are SOL. They always had activities by the pool and the ocean is excellent for relaxing or testing the waves. The wedding: Melanie and Jennifer could not have been more friendly and accomodating. They went through everything with us and my hats are off to them for their excellent communication and cooperation for our special day. It was a bit windy but very beautiful. They had the weddings down to a science and were so nice to us. A day my wife and I won't ever forget! I will recommend this place to anyone who wants to brave an annoying airport but wants a nice hotel to stay at. This was my first time in the Dominican and it will probably be my last. The wedding was wonderful and the hotel was good, but all the other hassles of the airport have kinda steered me towards other islands in the future. Please don't listen to the negative reviews about the hotel, it really is a nice place to visit. IF you have already booked then stick with it you will not be dissapointed. You should also not be afraid to book in the future. My wife and I have just decided that we want to visit other tropical areas as well.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>Rollersk8
<Content>the microwave dinner of vacations Breezes Punta Cana is the microwave dinner of vacations. The actual meal has just a passing resemblance to the photo on the box. While the website lists many uper inclusions,?all the ingredients just didn add up on my late-July vacation. The hotel interiors are dated and desperately need modernizing from the lattice work, fabric wall and oil paintings in the lobby to the 70 rattan in the guest rooms. Your eluxe room?bed is a 6?mattress on a wooden platform. Ouch! The atellite TV?is a 13?set dwarfed in an entertainment center big enough for a 32?set. The mirrors are stained and the bathroom ceiling appears to be falling in. Good luck pulling the button out to the get the shower to work!Step outside to a completely different world, though. The landscaping is lush and beautiful. The pool is huge and warm, with lots of activity whether youe into water volleyball, aerobics or ex on the beach?at the swim-up bar (also in need of renovation). The beach is spectacular with plenty of loungers and umbrellas. But all that outdoor activity has made me hungry!While the website promises  variety of dining options?it all amounts to pretty average fare. The buffet is vast and filling, but with few standout dishes. We are promised better cuisine with hard-to-get reservations for specialty restaurants. Due to a seating shortage, our 9:30 reservation at the Italian restaurant got bumped back so we were finally eating at 10:15. The restaurant was stifling hot and we were literally glistening in the candlelight! Our salads and entrees were small and bland, but I glad we decided to stay for the wonderful desserts. I wouldn have wanted to work all night in that heat, but the wait staff were very pleasant. In fact, most of the Breezes staff are very hospitable with great smiles and attitudes! Unfortunately, if a guest walked up while employees were in conversation, the guest remained invisible. Some of the staff are good enough to tip, if they worked on U.S. soil, but wee told o tipping allowed.?Unfortunately, management gets it both ways here, implying no pressure on the guests, but not enforcing the rule. If they were serious about their guests?comfort, they would not allow employees to accept tips. For example, while we parasailed on an extra-charge activity on the property, a sign on the boat requested lease tip the captain.?br/>Despite the annoying hard sell of extra-charge activities, we also chose the Easy Rider 4-wheeling tour. Our group had a great time, but someone could get hurt as the vehicles were prone to breakdowns, which our guides spent much of the time repairing. Some ATV had terrible brakes, which resulted in a couple fender benders. Breezes management should monitor extra-charge activities so as not to jeopardize their guests?comfort and safety.At the end of an eventful day, there a chance to relax and watch a show at the ampitheatre. To compare he Mystery Show?to a high school production, however, is an insult to high school productions. This is a shame because some of the dancers are talented. During the Star Night show, the ynamic entertainment team?performed lip synching to recordings such as the Madonna/Brittany Spears ike A Virgin?from the Video Music Awards. This is hardly entertaining to the iscerning?guest described in the SuperClub SuperMag promotional material. As with the show audience, I can only give my Breezes Punta Cana experience lukewarm applause. The next time I consider an all-inclusive vacation, Breezes will not be included on my list.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	3	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>feedthesoul
<Content>PARADISE!! My fiance and I recently visited Breezes, Punta Cana with another couple. We were delighted with the accomodations, the food, and the facility. We were prepared for a less than perfect experience, but we were wrong! First of all, our room was beautiful, vaulted ceiling, king size bed, balcony overlooking the pool and ocean. We had a great view. The air conditioning kept the room very comfortable and we loved the balcony. We had coffee out there every morning. The room had lots of towels, (put towels in bathtub to signal the maid to give you fresh ones)a refrigerator stocked with water, soft drinks and even beer. We had a coffee maker, an iron and ironing board, and a hair dryer. There was a nice big tv (which we hardly watched because there was so much else to do), a cd player, a clock radio and a room safe. We kept our extra $, our passports, our airline tickets, and jewelry in it.The facility was beautiful! The pool was clean and there were lots of umbrellas and lounge chairs. The swim up bar was fun. We went out around 7:15 to get a spot with an umbrella because they go fast. The towel hut provides fresh beach towels every day. The pool was huge and they have lots of games, a morning power walk around the pool, and water aerobics.The beach was amazing...white sand, turquoise water, and lots of lounge chairs and little grass unbrellas to sit under. It was absolutely beautiful!!The food was extraordinary! The servers were so happy and helpful, and were able to understand English. We had reservations at 4 of the upscale restaurants and we made arrangements to change ours to match the couple we went with. The front desk was happy to change the reservations so we could eat in the same restaurants at the same time. You must dress up for the restaurants...no shorts, beach sandles. It was fun to spend the day at the beach and then get ready for dinner. Ramone in the Japanese restaurant was especially entertaining! You can also eat in Alcazar, the lobby buffet. It was very nice with a huge variety of food and drinks. We ate there every morning and usually for lunch. They have a theme every night so the menu changes. It is a beautiful place and we always tried to sit by the front so we could catch the beautiful breeze. After dinner, we would usually hang out in the lobby bar area....great breeze, drinks and usually entertainment. They also have a nightly show in the amphitheater.Some of the extra things we did were snorkeling at a reef about 25 minutes away...beautiful and fun! We also took a taxi into town to visit the local shopping market...great deals to be had! They will fight over you. Local vendors also set up around the pool area a couple of times a week so you can buy their jewelry, t-shirts, carved items, and coffee, cigars, and rum. The coffee is a great deal and delicious.We also used the internet cafe to keep in touch with home. It is $5 for 20 minutes. We also visited the casino and our friend won $100!All in all, we were sorry to leave. It was a great time at a beautiful resort. We would definitely go again.....no problemo!!  
<Date>Jul 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	5	5	

<Author>AForest
<Content>Calling all Beach Bums       view from our room  
<Date>Jul 27, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>njmc
<Content>disapointing 27/7/06 fife scotland 2 adults 1 child(14) just back from a disapointing holiday our first room wasdark, damp and smelly 2 single beds and a small bed for my 510 son which was in the middle of the floor the bathroom was stinkingwe got another room which seemed ok first the patio door didn't lock, the toilet didn't flush,the coffee maker broke 3x, the tv didn't work the food was disgusting covered in flies the entertainment was [----]40 mins ametuer dancers every nite, we went into sosua and got mobed by the locals scary i would not recommend this holiday  
<Date>Jul 27, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>havingfuninthesun
<Content>come on people-demand more for your buck-- O.K. Let me start by saying all in all we had a decent time, but there are definitely things that need to be addressed that just because it is a 3rd world country-these things do not happen in other resorts in the Dominican and I know because we talked with several people from other resorts and have also talked with people who are actually from the Dominican that now live in the U.S., but go back frequently...and you can't just say it is what you get for your money, I have been to other places in the world where I have payed less and had a better time.If anyone tells you that it is normal in the Dominican to shut off the water between 1 and 4 a.m. that is a lie..this does not happen all over the Dominican, nor does this happen at other resorts close by..If anyone tells you that it is normal in the Dominican for your room to smell like mold and to actually see black mold in your room, that is a lie... this does not happen all over the Dominican, nor does this happen at other resorts close by...If anyone tells you that it is normal in the Dominican for the grounds to have running sewage in the walkways and by the room and pool, that is a lie...this does not happen all over the Dominican, nor does this happen at other resorts close by...Yes, when you go to an all inclusive place, you go in knowing that the food is not great and that they are catering to all parts of the world, but when your tummy gets messed up and you are throwing up, and have barely had anything to drink (alcohol), and they cut off the water between 1 and 4 a.m. and you can not flush the toilet after you after puked 6 or 7 times and you have not even a washcloth or fresh towel to wet or to wipe your face because they take your dirty towels and do not replenish each day, and you kindly ask housekeeping and front desk and you still don't get results... and then the next morning you open up you doors to smell fresh sewage after being sick..I am not a person who needs to be catered, nor am I a picky eater, nor do I need to have a perfect room, but come on common sense...everyone who goes, pays good hard earned money to go to on vacation where you go to get away from it all, and all it does is add more stress. The water in the Dominican is beautiful and the ground and pool of the resort are gorgeous, but you can get your moneys worth at another resort..and this is not just an American thing, this is Universal..  
<Date>Jul 26, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	3	3	3	

<Author>collie40
<Content>had a great time, good value resort, foods fine, rooms are o.k., air never really got really cold, but always had water, and electric. remember not a 5 star. its nice thought, they try... staff very nice and some will go out of thier way. entertainment sucked. pass on that, discos o.k. again to many young kids no parents, casino, lost money no one else was in there told by guides they didnt recomend it, go off property 5 minutes to town.spa was nice, great deep tissue massage(great).nails, pedicure pass on.pool was great, pool bar nice except for all the screamin kids(ugg) we went on all day horse ride excursion, was terrificc, but not for beginners(they wont tell u that), we were all expierence riders and it was tough.did the party on the town, had the best time kudo too jesus andmisas(?) best guides ever... a must do..............overall its ok, nice if u havent been to a 5-6 star, but it was nice  
<Date>Jul 25, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MooneyPilot
<Content>OK, But had some issues with the food OK stay. We have stayed at over 20 Carribbean/Mexico All-Inclusives and this one ranks towards the bottom of the list. If you haven't been, the DR is very third world and expectations should be set appropriately. OVERALL: My wife and I stayed for a week and it was probably too long. Not much to do outside the resort also. As far as the resort it was ok. There are lots of kids, but due to the large size of the resort, there is still enough place to go (especially the beach area palapa's) to not be surrounded and have some quiet reading places. There is a lot of acitivity around the resort with all of the usual all-inclusive like items. There are also no shortage of the timeshare sales people. Aviod them unless you really want to lose hours of your vacation. FOOD:As far as the food went, it was a real disappointment. The food was edible in most cases, but not much better than that. It is really hard to mess up breakfast, but they figured out how here. The only edible part of breakfast was the cold cereal. The lunches were equally as bad, but the grilled chicken by the pool saved the day here. As far as dinner went, the best food was at the French restaurant (not really French food, but tasted ok). The Italian restaurant was ok, but the others were poor! We both were very sick after eating at the Japanese restaurant (the food tasted good, but we paid for it that evening and the next day!). BARS:The hotel advertises top shelf liquor. There is some, but when it runs outs, there was never any to replace it. Also, they strategically place the liquor around at different bars to insure that you can not order a routine mixed drink with brand names (ie. the Cuervo Tequila is never at the same bar as the Cointrou). Besically all drinks are made with very cheap local dominican liquor. The beer is Presidente draft(local and typical of the rest of the carribbean beer) and is ok. The highlight of the bar is the beer and dark rum (both local and pretty good).TIPPING:Ignore the no tipping policy. Tipping is essential for good service. Like most all-inclusives, a dollar here and a dollar there goes a long way to get good service. I strongly recommend that you arrive with $10 per day in $1 bills. Also, a $5 tip will get you immediatly into any of the gourmet dinner reservation only restaurants without any reservation. The staff (bartenders, waitstaff, maids, mini bar server, etc) will remember you and take care of you for routine tipping. ROOMS:The rooms were ok. We had a king bed with a partial beach view. The room is a bit small, but the shower was good and the bath was nice. The room was very clean and a couple of $1s each day on the bed and the same on the mini bar kept our room very nice every day!RESORT:Huge place with a good pool and very nice beach. Lots of people around all the time as well.All in all Breezes would be ok for a long weekend. I felt like a week was too long here. I would say that Breezes Punta Cana is just like any other large all inclusive Carribbean resort. Not great, but not bad either!  
<Date>Jul 25, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>drumguy82d
<Content>Ok for the money, dont go if you are picky. My wife and I stayed at Breezes in Punta Cana for 7 days in July 2006. Overall, we had a good time - but we had read all the previous reviews and went into this with an open mind. Arriving at the Punta Cana airport, we unloaded the plane and walked along the tarmac to the thatch-roofed airport. There was a line to get in because everyone has their picture taken with some Dominican women - they try to sell you this picture on your way out of the country. Apparently you dont have to get your picture taken, but there was no way to get around it without hopping over a wall. After getting our bags which was pretty painless, we wandered into the airport lobby where there were about 20 carnival-style tour booths and what seemed like a hundred locals holding up signs with hotel names, people names, etc. It took us a minute to find the tour booth we had used to book our transfer to the hotel, but they were friendly when we found them. We tipped a couple dollars for taking our bags to the van, then got on the road to the hotel. The van we rode in had a broken winshield and was pretty dirty, but hey - no problem, we are on vacation. In the DR, people dont follow traffic ettiquite like where most of us are from - so people that havent experienced this before may feel a bit uneasy. The bigger car has the right of way - thats it. The roads are not maintained well, so it is a bit of a bumpy ride. It takes about 30-40 mins to get to the hotel.Upon arrival, we left our bags with the bellboy at the front taxi area and later told them our room number. They delivered the bags no problem. Check in was easy, but we didnt really get an overview of the hotel. Finding our room was a pain in the butt, as the signs are somewhat scattered. We asked for a hotel map and figured it out though. We previously emailed the hotel and told them of my wifes birthday, so we were upgraded to an oceanview room. The room was one of the lowpoints of the trip. Our room was actually right by the pool, and the ocean was in the distance - sure, it was visible - but not what what we were expecting. The bed was horrible - probably like a motel 6 here in the U.S. Yoiu could tell the matress was worn out, and the pillows provided no support at all. The bathroom had a bidet, toilet, and shower, in good condition but there was a suspended ceiling which was stained and looked like there was water damage above it (some of the ceiling panels were out of place). The tub/shower was clean, but the walls had some mildew. I did notice that despite the disrepair of the room, the maids do a good job cleaning. They pull everything away from the wall and scrub just about everything. We woke up one morning and found what appeared to be a dead roach on the floor - upon closer inspection it was still moving, so we put a cup on top of it and left it for the maid. We didnt let the room ruin our time, but if you are traveling with picky people - beware. The hotel restuarants seemed a bit confusing at first, but we figured it out with time. At check in, you get an info sheet that explains the meal times, restaurants, and dress codes - you just have to pay attention to that. Despite all the bad reviews of the food, we didnt have many problems. The buffet was repetitive but decent, and the specialty restaurants were good. We didnt have a problem with service, but we did have to flag a server down when we wanted something. They all seemed nice, and we didnt need to tip. Watch out for the guys walking around wearing breezes vip shirts in the reception area and outside on the pathways. They introduce themselves innocently enough and try to lure you into an office with the promise of a free excursion of your choosing. This is a time share sales pitch, and they will blab to you for as long as you let them. The bottom line is that they are trying to sell you membership into a vacation club for a certain number of weeks spread out over a certain number of years (50 weeks of vacation over 25 years = 2 weeks a year). They wanted about 3500 down and then 300+ a month x 60 months for membership. On top of this, you still have to purchase airfare and pay a few hundred dollars for your vacation, so there is really not much benefit. We left the VIP area without buying the stupid timeshare, but were bugged by different people trying to sell us the same thing the rest of the time we were at the resort. Its kind of funny, but annoying - I am on vacation, I dont want to be bombarded with a sales pitch from everyone I meet. On our second day, we had an appointment for an overview of the resort with our tour guide (also supposed to be a meeting to confirm arrangements for our outgoing transfer to the airport). This turned out to be another guy trying to sell us stuff - this time it was excursions. We did pick a couple (ATV $80 for 2 people, and Sanoa Island $166 for 2 people ), but again we felt bombarded by this guy trying to sell everything. He was nice and said that if we needed anything we could come see him, but we didnt see him again. We went on the ATV tour which was a fun little ride through the local area. The tour guide let us ride on the beach and we stopped for photos. We came to a village, where we stopped again only this time at a local store (tourist trap). Of course, the locals come to offer you samples of cigars and liquor and then show you right where they are on the shelf. There was aslo some jewelry, some crafts, and paintings. If you do decide to shop, be sure to haggle. One of the locals will follow you around the store, which kind of annoyed us because they tried to get you to buy everything. They did answer questions though. After finally getting out of the store, we continued our ride and got to see how some of the locals lived. It makes you realize how much we take for granted. Overall, the ATV trip was fun - about 4 hours. The sanoa island trip was a blast. There was about an hour and a half bus ride to the port, where we passed through the town Higuey and of course stopped at another tourist trap. We enjoyed looking around a bit, but everyone trying to sell you everything gets old quick, especially day after day. After arriving at the port, we were told that we were taking a speedboat out to the island, and a catamaran back. The trips were fun, we got to stop at what they called the natural pool where the water was 4-5 feet deep and crystal clear for what seemed like miles. It was nice and we found some starfish to take pictures of. When we finally got to sanoa island, it was beautiful. Even here, there were people trying to sell you stuff, but we were to intent on exploring the island to care. We found a guy with a machete to open up some coconuts for us, then we laid on the beach. If you have the $$, this trip is worth it. The casino at the resort was ok, a few slot machines, roulette, and black jack ($5 min). The dealers were fast, and we were moving at more of a vacation speed, so we didnt stay long. The evening shows at the theater were not good, but one night a week they have a beach party which is fun. Overall, the beach and the pool were the best things, while the room and the salesmen were the worst. We had a good time, but will look for a better room next time.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	4	-1	4	3	-1	

<Author>garry8910
<Content>OK This hotel is ok if you are happy to compromise some comfort for beautiful sea and beach.The food was pretty good and I do not understand the complaints about the staff but agree with other reviewers that if you are polite to them you get the same in return.The main problems we had were For 4 days running the fire alarm kept going off every few hours day and night.Inconsiderate people who thought it acceptable to sit on their balcony or in the jaccuzzi's below our room and shout and scream and laugh all night.The hotel would do nothing about this despite having security people walking around.Overall the holiday was ok but would have been far better with a bit more consideration by certain people. A fellow traveller described it as Butlins for Americans and I think that sums it up perfectly.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	4	3	3	4	3	

<Author>NYI31
<Content>Don't Believe All You Read, Experience It Yourself After booking this trip and then reading the negative reviews we approached our departure with a little trepidation. The end result of our trip was we had a great time! I'll quickly give a rundown of our experience.Rooms - Small but nice with strong AC. Had a small leak in the bathroom which took maintenance three days to address. Other room oriented requests ( more towels, water, extra pillows, etc) answered quickly. Pleasant and cooperative housekeeping staff.Food - Not for the picky eater. A lot of Dominican dishes. Please bear in mind that this resort caters to Americans, British, Germans, Hispanics and Canadians predominantly and tries to offer a wide spectrum of foods. There is plenty to eat of good quality. We ate in the Italian, Japanese, French, and Mexican restaurants, all very good with good service. Our first night there we ate at the Alcazar which is the buffet restaurant. It was Dominican night and the food was great. We also ate at European night with the same satisfaction. Breakfast and lunches are served at the Alcazar and Marlin Grill. There is also a 24 hour bar and grill at the El Sombrero for the partiers. Upon arrival you are already pre-booked for 3 specialty restaurants. If you choose to change these reservations or add to your bookings you must show up at the front desk at 9AM to do so. I have read many reviews stating that you have to be at the desk at 6AM to get a spot on line. We didn't experience this at all.Pool- Although we spent most of our time at the beach, the pool is beautiful. It is well maintained and clean. Swim up bar could be expanded to accommodate more guests.Beach- Beautiful !!!!!Bars - No watered down drinks, no complaints. Presidente is the only beer available.We spent most of our time at the beach taking a relaxing vacation. The only activity we participated in was the banana ride which is an inflatable tube pulled by a boat. ( I just wanted to clarify that.) A lot of fun and free. There is plenty to do but we decided to just lay low.Overall, not a 4 or 5 star, but a high 3. We would go again. You have to keep in mind that you are going to a third world country where things are not as opulent as you might want. If you have high standtards and expectations don't go. If you are looking for a fun place with decent food, rooms and a beautiful beach then give it a try. It's not a dump with apathetic, unfriendly employees and bad food as many reviews suggest. Keep an open mind. Our 8 year old wants to go back...that's a good sign.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	5	3	3	3	3	

<Author>mestep
<Content>will never go back pool and ocean were wonderful, our rooms were musty with barely usable showers,the food was less than average with flies on the buffet tables.most of the staff were accomodating.couldn't wait to leave.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	3	2	3	

<Author>Jovizz
<Content>we had a great time! definitely!       the best beach ... ever!  
<Date>Jul 21, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>mmarz4evr
<Content>Know what you're getting into first.... My only expectations on vacation are good to great food, service, and nice accomadations (room, bathroom, bed). Breezes did not meet any of those expectations. It was difficult to get reservations in the restuarants, unless you were up at 6am to make them. Even if you were lucky enough to get a reservation, you found yourself waiting at least 2 hours for food that wasn't worth waiting for. Your alternative was the buffet, which was OK at best. The rooms were outdated and ugly, with no locks on the outside patio door, a very sketchy safe, and a ceiling that leaked in the bathroom. The staff there was nice, but will not rush to resolve your issues, so get used to saying the same thing 5 times before anything happens. The surrounding areas are very poor and a little intimidating, this is coming from a guy that works in NYC everyday. I don't suggest venturing out much unless it's a well known touristy area. In addition, they will look to charge you extra for everything at Breezes. For example, a friend lost the 2nd key to his room, and they made him pay 15 US dollars for a key. A key! There were more instances like this, but I would be here all day explaining so you'll just have to trust me. There were some things they couldn't screw up, such as the weather, which is very hot but not humid. The beach was gorgeous, with plenty of beach chairs, huts, and perfect water. The pool was nice with a bar inside, and plenty of activities such as snorkling, scuba, body boards, speedboats, catamaran, RTVs, etc. That helps since you won't want to spend much time in your outdated room anyway.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2006
<Rating>2	3	1	5	1	1	2	3	

<Author>Francevendee
<Content>Value For Money but felt like being in prison! Visited resort in June of 2006 with my wife. Hopefully I can give an unbiased, honest review of our experience at this resort.We travelled with Airtours/MYTRAVEL airline. The flight was late taking off due to the late arrival of the incoming flight (1 hour), but we still arrived in Punta Cana on time. The flight out was ok, but the seating arrangements left a lot to be desired. Very cramped.On arrival we had to walk a few hundred yards from the aircraft to the arrivals hall in extreme heat. Not pleasant. At the same time another flight had arrived, so there were two lots of passengers trying to get through at the same time and this was a bit of a wait.After about 45 minutes we actually got through to collect our luggage and immediately got collared by a baggage handler. Not wanting to be awkward I allowed him to take our baggage to our coach. As a matter of fact he was of great help and I tipped him accordingly.The journey took about 1 hour to get to the resort area and about another 30 minutes or so dropping other people off at their hotels. A word of warning. If you go on any excursion you will be first on and last off the coach, always taking about 45 minutes touring the other hotels.The ckeck in was painless, only about 15 minutes. The bell boys were superb( couple dollars tip)We were allocated a room on the 3rd floor of block 3.The room was a bit tired but ok at first. We booked a room with an ocean view, yes you could see the ocean through the trees.On leaving our room in the evening we thought the noise was quite loud and realised we were directly above the main dining room, our door actually overlooked the dining room and you could see people eating (Open plan).We went to the main dining room to eat as we had just arrived. What a nightmare. You could not get a table, people were pushing you out of the way as if there was not enough food to go around. This was our first experience of an all inclusive holiday. What have we done?We left the dining room without eating and explored the complex, coming across the Mexican restaurant where we asked if we could eat there. We were told to return in 10 minutes where we were served and enjoyed a lovely meal and received a warm welcome to the Dominican Republic.The next morning we changed all the allocated times of our pre-booked reservations in the speciality restaurants with no problem at all and were allocated the times we wanted.As a matter of fact we ate every single night in the speciallity restaurants, albeit we had to either get to reception at about 08.45 to beat the rush, but it was worth it as we could not eat in what we called ALCATRAZ the main dining room.AS I said our room was above ALCATRAZ and the noise was unbearable from 0400 am in the morning when the staff started to arrive. The smell and heat was unbearable, so we saw the MYTRAVEL rep and asked to be moved. After 30 minutes we were shown two rooms that were available and took the first. The view was amazing over the ocean and the room was actually bigger than our original one.So really we could not fault the service of our rep or the hotel front desk staff.The facilities at the resort .The pool area was very nice, we always had a sun lounger, albeit you had to search for a reasonable spot, but that was no hardship.The beach was really amazing and a heaven in the afternoon where you could get some shade.The evening entertainment was very poor, both for children and adults.Water sports were freely available.All bars were always available and we found the bar staff to be very friendly and had no problem getting served, even if we had not tipped a dollar.The Sombrerro bar was open 24 hours for food and drink which did not suit everyone, we took advantage of it on occasions and thoroughly enjoyed it.Actually, this is where we ate during the day as it was the qietest of all the eateries during the day.THe speciallity Restaurants.Martinos(Italian),Paris(French) and Munasan(Japanese) highly recommended.Marlins(Seafood and Steaks) not bad.Conuco(Dominican) stay away from,the food was poor and the sevice non existant. The only place I did not tip. The staff in all but Conuco were extremely polite and friendly. A word of warning, although I knew their game. If you tip one waiter, he will not be back, another will come with the drinks etc. I did not mind, but perhaps it better to tip at the end.I did not mind as the service was second to none.The excursion to Sinona island was out of this world. A trip not to be missed.The other excursions we had some bad reviews from other customers so did not take up the offers.THe main problem with this resort was it was not safe to venture out of the gates alone and was quite intimidating. So you did really feel imprisoned. Many others felt this also.Even walking along the beach people were being turned back by guards.We all have our views. Some like Americans some detest the loud mouthed, showy, arrogant,rude and disrespectful ones.If you are the latter, be aware it is only a 2 hour flight from the States, so there are a lot of these at this resort.Overall, we got our moneys worth. We wont go all inclusive again, our choice.The staff worked very hard, cleaning all day and in to the night.Our room was cleaned every day, early in the morning, fresh towells, fridge stocked up, sometimes flowers put in our room, so we cant fault the service.There were just too many people in such a confined area for our liking, and we were not ab le to explore the island, albeit after seeing what we did, we did feel that we did not want to go further afield to witness the poverty, poor sanitation and squaller these people live in. We felt, that we were too privilaged to be in their country, living the life we did whilst children were on the streets begging etc.Perhaps some of the wealth generated by tourism can be pumped back in to their real wealth or lack of it.I hope you have a feel for the resort from our review. I would not say we did not enjoy the holiday, but aspects of it were not to our liking, but I must stress it was not the Hotel's fault.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2006
<Rating>4	3	2	2	5	4	4	3	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>loved it I loved it when i had went it was mid october and i went for a wedding every thing turned out well i had an excellent time.I had visited withmy cousins and sibilings. We had stayed for 2 weeks and i completly loved it the staff very extrymely nice and i met new people.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Please Spend The Extra Money My wife and I arrived at the Breezes Resort on 7/7/06. The check-in went rather smooth. Upon arrival to our room, the air conditioning unit worked very well. I decided to test out the shower after a long day in the airports and let me tell you the water kept turning from hot to cold constantly. This went on our whole stay. The room was not that great and did not have a dead bolt on the door either. The maid walked in three times on us in one day after cleaning the room only to apologize. We had to beg for them to stock the fridge with water. It is hard to complain to anyone because they don't understand english too well. I don't know what I had eaten that did not agree with me, but I was in bed all day on Sunday and continued to be sick the remainder of the trip. It actually took me four days after I arrived back at home to feel better. The bar service was poor as the bartenders appeared to be very disgruntled even though we always tipped them and they can't make drinks too well either. The best food we found was the jerk chicken served at the grill by the beach bar. The resort served the same food at the buffet for breakfast and lunch. We did eat at the Marlin specialty restaurant and it was descent even though when we tried to order dessert, they were out of cheescake. As for the entertainment, it was downright awful. I will not condemn their heritage, but for someone that don't speak good english to sing Cotton-Eyed Joe was pretty funny. If you want to play pool on one of the tables, good luck as you mostly had to be between the ages of 5 and 12 years because these kids lived on them all day every day. By the way after speaking with several guests at Breezes, a lot of them were ill and were ready to go home. The pool and ocean were the highlight along with the hot days. I have been to Hawaii, Puerto Rico, Cancun, Mexico, and Ocho Rios, Jamaica so this is not my first experience at all-inclusives and believe me, I would spend the extra money to go to a 5 Star or 6 Star Resort for a better time. If you want to email me please do so at dollartwo@aol.com.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>measurer
<Content>loved the place My party of 12 had a great time and the only problem was the check in,the staff other than the front desk were excellent,the food was pretty decent especially the speciality restaurants,the rooms were clean and tidy with great air conditioning,the entertainment was excellent during the day though a little repetative during evenings and the beach superb,would recommend swimming with sharks trip which was top though fishing only for the experienced as I spent my head in a sick bucket for 3 hours during the trip...shops in the hotel were however a rip off and so too were the guys selling in the hotel in the evening....go to the market 10 mins walk away and haggle for far better deals especially on cigars...........airport out was suprsingly good as well....personally a better holiday for adults than very young children but all our group aged 1 to 39 had a great holiday.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We had a great time! We had a great time! The pool was great. The drinks were great. Free champagne, beer and sodas in your room. Yeah there were some not so great things like the water going cold and hot in the shower and some of the paint in the corners of the walls were messy and yeah the bed was not as soft as I'd like. But overall we had a great time. The staff was very accommodating. They do assign you reservations to restaurant every other night. The food was great. There are 6 restaurants and we ate all of the best ones--french, italian and american. We dressed nicely and got an extra reservaion. It was great. Wine was great, drinks were good. There was a club downstairs--lots of people dancing. The beach was geat. It was great for families. Lots of kids, lots of activities and things to do--watersports, trapeze, trampoline, etc. We went on a party boat and snorkeled. The shows were a bit corny but somewhat entertaining. The pool was really great, but get up early and put your towels on your lounge chairs at your spot by the pool or beach with some personal stuff like magazines and go back up to your room then come down when ready. Otherwise, you won't get a good spot. There are some topless sunbathers, but doesn't seem to bother anyone. The weather was great. I say go and have a great time, either as a couple or family.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>teresa-h
<Content>Lovely wedding day - average holiday. save your money and go to Europe instead! A group of 13 of us went to a wedding here in February. To keep my review to the points that you will be interested in:Wedding - in the end it was worth the trip just to attend the most beautiful, relaxed, friendly and most intimate wedding I have ever had the pleasure of being a guest (bridesmaid) at!Flights - there and back with MyTravel were absolutely awful. Paid extra for the bigger seats at the front of the plane and thank goodness I did - you would not treat animals the way that airline pack 'em in and feed and water the passengers with paltry inedible offerings like a stale packed lunch! Mytravel should be ashamed! Plus the coach trip to the hotel from the airport takes AGES and it takes you through where the poor locals live and it looks horrible - I felt guilty staying in the resort as I had not seen such poor people before. (and hearing people go on the trips say - 'ooo the locals are really happy and they don't care that they have absolutely nothing' didn't make me feel any better either!)Hotel - lovely looking place. Nice gardens. Lovely pool and swim up bar. The rooms are nice and big but the reception staff put me and my mate (who was the other bridesmaid) in a room with a double bed and they wouldn't change it! We kept telling them that we obviously weren't a 'couple' but they didn't give a toss. We put pillows down the bed to seperate it as the bed was about 7 feet wide!Staff - it's like you are an irritation to the staff. All they are bothered about is keeping the Americans happy as they are ones that complain about everything!Food - I was not ill at all and I thought all the food was OK. The restaurants are a joke though. You have no choice on the booking times of the speciality eating areas - unless you are an American of course and shout and moan at the reception staff. We often didn't eat until 10 - 11pm which was ridiculous and they didn't apologise at all for any waiting. Beach - the best thing about the place. gorgeous! picture postcard stuff. sand is like sugar the sea is well rough though but I can't swim anyway so not a prob!All in all I had to go to attend the wedding and it was a fabulous day but I would never go there for just a holiday as it is too far and not up to my expectations and I am not fussy!There are too many loud, moaning americans and they are all the staff are bothered about pleasing. Much too far and much too much money for just an average holiday. I advise Brits planning to go there to save their money and stick to Europe.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>bwg80
<Content>Not a trip for a Honeymoon!       Mirror  
<Date>Jul 12, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I'm so sick of waiting in line!! The first problem we encountered was that our room was wrong, and we were lied to about availability. Once my husband stepped in, it was taken care of. The hotel manager helped us out and was awesome, as for the staff, good luck! The room (and the lobby) was very smelly, it seemed clean, but the rooms just aren't very nice!When you check in, you do get specialty restaurant reservations for some nights, depending on the length of your stay. However, the one reason I choose this resort is because my husband is a vegetarian. I knew they had an Italian restaurant, so I thought, reat! We can eat there every night if we have to!?Wrong, we could hardly ever get in, they say to come down at 9 and stand in line forever to make reservations. By the time I ever got my turn, everything was taken! (Even though the restaurants would be empty when they were supposed to be booked!) But the last day I finally learned the trick, if you do go to this resort, go down around 8:15- 8:30 to make reservations. They actually start before 9, even though they tell you otherwise. And stay away from the shrimp!The beach and pool were beautiful. If you do want a particular spot, you have to save your seats at 7 am at the latest. Sometimes 6. The staff was really nice, it really helps to tip! It can take forever to get a watered down drink, but if you tip, they will serve you first and serve stronger drinks. Punta Cana doesn't have much to do outside of the resorts (besides excursions) so bring plenty of books and be prepared to stay at the hotel the whole time! They had one beer, Presidente, which I loved, but not everyone did! If you chose to buy it at the store, beware, it's $15 for a 6 pack!!One last thing, if you are an American and have a problem with nudity, I would not bring young kids there. Since there are a lot of Europeans that visit Punta Cana, there are tons of topless bathers! Use your own judgment, but I would say it one of the worst places Ie ever stayed!  
<Date>Jul 10, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wow loved the resort - would recommend! Wow, what a terrific trip! After reading other reviews I had many concerns regarding our decision to stay at Breezes but once there I knew we had made the right choice. The trip to the hotel was kind of bitter sweet as we saw first hand how the towns people lived but once inside our hotel we knew we were in a safe, inviting environment. Checking into the hotel was very easy our reservations were in order and our room was ready. When we got to our room I looked out the balcony and saw the Caribbean ocean for the first time... What a sight!! The rest of the stay was just wonderful. We had one full day of rain but we made the most of it by going into town to shop (which was very interesting because when we arrived there was a power outage which lasted all the hours we were there, therefore we shopped in darkness or sometimes by candle light), again this made the trip even more authentic. The hotel was nice, definitely family oriented with something to do or nothing to do if you preferred. The food not so great, but edible. In the future we would enjoy more variety but it didn't damper the experience in any way. The hotel staff was very accommodating but it is very helpful if you can communicate some basic words/phrases in spanish. Our daughters two years of high school spanish came in very, very handy. If you are looking for a luxtury resort with room service and peace and quiet, this is not the place for you. But, if you are looking for a family friendly resort you too will enjoy your stay.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great stay!! To all of you giving this hotel very bad reviews: What do you expect in a 3rd world country, where people get lousy paid, working 16 hours or more a day, and still smiling?This is not UK or USA nor Scandinavia!Check-in and rooms)No problem at all. 15 mins tops. We paid for a double room with 2 queen size beds. We got one of the suites, with 2 bedrooms, 2 TVs, clean and always full fridge with water, softdrinks etc. The cleaning lady was just great! Always new towels, always smiling.Pool and beach)Great! Best beach ever! The bluest blue of water, we were feeding the fish by hand, and most of the days we had great waves for surfing. Always clean, no problem getting sun beds, some of them a bit worn out, but there were a lot of them and you always found a good one. The pool was very nice, with swim-up bar and lots of activities for the kids all day. Cleaned every evening. The grounds were superb and very well maintained.Activities)Lots! All day something going on. The kids just LOVED the trapeze and climbing wall. The guys there were really great with the kids. I always felt safe leaving them. 5 billiard tables, lots of games, market every third night selling lots of stuff (nice to see). Banana boat (included), boogie boards (included), for a smaller fee you had parasailing, windsurfing, snorkel trips etc. Food)All this complaining about food... 14 days, nobody sick (except for a funny tummy one evening - guess from the warmth and me drinking to little water...). The special restaurants were good: Japanese teppanyaki, Mexican, Italian, Marlin grill and sea food etc. The kids even tried sushi at the japanese- with no tummy problems at all. The selection in the Alcazar buffet restaurant was also very good. Remember these guys try to please people from all over the world - and to be honest - some of you tourists are people that even I wouldn't want to have in my house trying to please... Over all)Coming from Norway it was a loooong trip, but it is one of our better vacations! Two years ago we went to Puerto Plata - north in the DR. This was a better choice!! See for yourselves - don't be afraid to choose this hotel or site. You will find picky people everywhere, so it really depends on yourselves and your attitude. Have a nice trip! :-)  
<Date>Jul 7, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Think twice before booking at Breezes! We just got back from Breezes Punta Cana last night...I nearly kissed the ground when we landed in Miami!!! We are not terribly picky and have been to many beach resorts. Yes, we read some bad reviews, but felt that we were basically easy going and mainly there for the beach anyway. so we went ahead with our trip. First of all, Breezes Punta Cana has one of the most beautiful beaches in the world. It was kept clean and there were always chairs available. It was the best thing about the trip.The staff, for the most part, was overworked and didn't care much about anything. The food was HORRIBLE, really HORRIBLE. We didn't get to select any of the specialty restaurants; they had already been assigned to us with 9:30 seatings. The Japanese restaurant was the best ...but I'm still sick from the Mexican one we ate at on our last night.Our room was not cleaned every day, towels were not replenished, and calls to the front desk were ignored. On days that it was cleaned, it was cleaned pretty well. The frustrating part was that I read other people suggestions and brought gifts for the housekeeping staff!...that gesture didn seem to matter.Sodas and water were restocked daily in mini refrigerator and our air conditioning did work...but seldom did we have hot water and found the water to be shut off a couple of times in the middle of the night...no flushing or washing your hands. Small TV in room with only a couple of English speaking channels, lumpy beds, nasty smelling pillows and old linens.Our package had hotel airport transfers, but the hotel would not honor them and we were forced to pay a $30 cab fare each way to and from the airport.All in all, there are other resorts in the area that are better maintained, appreciative of your business and strive for better guest relations. Again, the beach was beautiful, but there are not enough bad words in my vocabulary to describe the nasty food selectionshe buffet was basically disgusting.The final straw came when, after landing in Miami, I checked phone messages at home: I had one from my credit card company's fraud department advising me of several suspicious charges from the hotel on my credit card. Funny, our trip was prepaid and I didn't use my card the entire time.I've stayed at other Breezes resorts that were wonderful...this isn't one of them! Your money and vacation will be better spent at a different resort in the area.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>mschulz24
<Content>WOW, Much Less Than Expected Let me just start of by saying my Fiance and I are not picky people at all. We just returned from this resort last night. We stayed there from June 28th to July 5th. I will honestly say read the reviews about this place if you are going there, trust me you will be very disappointed. I have stayed in the carribbean several other times an this is not a 4 star hotel I would personally give it about a 2 1/2 along with a lot of other people that were there. Honestly, It is a very layed back place. So when you land in the airport expect massive delays and confusion. I was hoping not to have this problem because my fiance speaks fluently in spanish. However, that really didnt help. The Dominican Republic is farely new to tourism and the airport in Punta Cana is new as well. So the staff is well over worked. After we landed, there was no direction. Yes, there was signs for Liberty Travel. So, a guy ran over an took our luggage and we proceeded to our bus 9 different buses we went to. They had no clue what bus we were on. Now, picture you self in a parking lot with about 4 planes that just landed with app. 1000 people. It truely was a mess. After 40 minutes of walking from bus to bus in 91 degree temps. They guy stands in front of us and stick out his hand for a tip. Now, believe me I am curteous however when there is no direction I wont compensate. So, he got mad an walked away. After, arriving at the hotel. I would have to say the ride was not really bad at all. It takes about 45 minutes to get to the resort which we new. The front desk was well over worked. The staff members were scrambling all over the place. Our room was ready within 15 minutes. A staff member brings your bags to the room an gives you a little personnal tour. That was well worth a tip. They days were very hot and relaxing. The beaches were very nice and well groomed. However, the pool area has a very bad moldy odor and spell to it. So, we spent most of our time at the beach which we enjoyed. The food was rated about a 1 out of 5. It was extremely poor. There were several other people complaining about bad stomach aches, massive bathroom problems. I honestly could not get used to the food where my fiance liked some of it. The fruit is very good however the actual meals were terrible. A lot not cooked properly or thoroughly. Which, was not agreeing with a lot of people. It would not be an understatement if I said the bathrooms were so overworked that you could actually smell sewage on the resort. It was that bad.Let me explain reservation as far as restaurants and water sports. I just dont get what the point of a reservation is when you have to wait to the extreme were you dont even want to do the event anymore. The hotel has several restaurants. Only one was good (Munasun) this restaurant was actually the only food that was extremely well. If you want to go out to eat more than the three times all you have to do is make a reservation at the front desk. However, they get full very fast so you have to get there at about 9 am. to eat that night which was not a problem. So, for example wanted to make reservations at the Paris restuarant they started off by telling us the next available time was at 9:30. So, we argued with them and she mad a special one for 6. We got to the restaurant and it was empty. I am talking empty like not even open. It was really bad business. As far as the water sports the resort gives you one free ride on the bananna boats. Where the second time costs $10 US. We mad reservations for saturday at 11:50 am. We got there an proceed to find 3 full groups in front of us. Now, for a resort that has nearly 700 rooms. Why is there only one bananna boat operating. Just made no sense. So, we waited over one hour to take a ten minute ride. Along with others staying there we felt like we were being invaded on. What I mean by this is that they let people from the outside to use the resort on the weekends and they also allow outside sellers to come in an sell on the resort. Which doesnt sound like a bad idea. They set up there tables in the lounge areas and near the bars and pool. To where you have to walk by them. They sell all kinds of goods. But as soon as you walk but they they are all over you. Now, I know they want to make money but it got to the point where a lot of people were very uncomfortable. When you said no the next table would jump on you. For example, we stayed in breezes Bahamas last year and this is why we returned to this Breezes because it was excellant there. In the Bahamas we went into town and we went into there shops so you can expect they to invade you we are on there property. BUT unlike this resort they deffinatly invade on you when we were really there to relax anjoy ourselves.There is deffinatly a language barrier. Yes, you have to understand that we were going into a place where they speak spanish. However, my fiance speaks fluently in spanish and she was even having a hard time. There was a lack of professionalism. The hotel room was fare. The balcony was infested with small bugs. At the end of the trip they give you a survey to fill out about the place. And we did and when I went to hand it in at the front desk they guy there opens it up an starts reading it questioning me why we rated to resort that badly. Pretty much arguing with me. In all my experiences this should have been annymous and either in a drop box or something. I know for a fact after he read the bad resort it was never pasted on to the proper management. That is truely poor business. We actually took this one step further and I have already contacted Breezes main department and have filed a complaint about the resort. And they were nice enough to tell me this is very frequent with just that place Punta Cana. I was shocked that they told me that. They said I will have some type of compensation with in a week or two. To top off our vacation, we arrived back at the airport to leave to find out there was a 3 hour delay. This you can never help. We were first told it was just normal delays which was understandable. To later find out the New Jersey area was experiencing heavy rain. We then later found out that it was poor communcation from the Punta Cana airport that they mixed up the time of our depature. We were expected to leave at 2:00 yesterday we left at 5:30. That again is very poor business.I understand that it is hard to get a true feeling of a place before you experience it but do you homework before you go. And beleive me I did and we were very unhappy. And lastly if I was the only one who felt this way I would of thought it was me however there were so many people going through the same thing day after day. Overall, we enjoyed being away from our busy lives. Again, do your homework an I wish people good luck on there vacations. Anyone can feel free to email if they like more information.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't go Just came back. Although the beach is beautiful, the hotel is awful. Here's why: We didn't have hot water for three days. The stocked mini-bar is a 'fridge with one water and one soda. There is no room service, even though the brochure says there is.The brochure also specifies that the restaurants do not require reservations. Not true. They require them and they are nearly impossible to obtain. I waited an hour in line at 9:00 a.m. to get a 9:30 p.m. reservation at the worst restaurant in the resort. The food is generally horrible. All seven of us lost weight.The language barrier is impossible. The only good thing that happened was that the medical doctor was able to speak English when I got violent food poisoning.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>beware My husband, myself and our two children stayed there for a week. it was a nightmare for the first few days until we had to just laugh and chalk it up to our family curse. Food was terrible for the most part, we didn't get sick but didn't eat much either. About half of the staff was friendly and the other were not happy to be there. They worked these people to death so I can't say I blame them but it still made for some unplesant times. The days were fun as there are many water activities to do and the prices are reasonable..however the nightlife was nonexistent unless you just wanted to down dominican beer (if you could get one) or cocktails. The shows were a JOKE....I've seen better talent shows at my kids middle school. Smelly too...very moldy and sulfery some of the time...bring an air freshner if you have already booked at this hotel just go and don't expect too much. You can make your own fun and the beach is the most beautiful I've ever seen. However...if you haven't booked yet maybe you could find a better place on the island. If you stay in Punta cana stay north as the beaches are not so good at the southern end (sunscape) of town.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Better then expected We just returned from a one week stay and after reading all the negative reviews I must admit we were pleasantly surprised. 1) Check in went very smoothly and quickly. It took approximately 5 minutes from the time we stepped foot into the lobby. Our family of five had two rooms. They told us only one room was ready but gave us the keys to both. When we got to the rooms they were both available. Our bags were immediately brought to our rooms. We were in building 3. Our rooms looked directly at the ocean. To our right we saw the whole pool. We had a fantastic view. Don't loose the keys. My son lost one key and it cost $15.00 at checkout.2) The rooms were a nice size and clean. They did have a musty smell but with all the humidity it can't be helped. I brought a bottle of Febreze and sprayed the room and bedding. The refrigerator was stocked with water and soda, we had enough towels and everything worked i.e: doors, tv remote, lights, plumbing, etc...Beds were very uncomfortable but clean and didn't smell.3) The showers had some mildew but we always had hot water. Occassionally during the shower you would get a blast of cold then turn hot again. They seem to turn off the water between 1:00am and 5:00am so if you need to use the toilet during the night it doesn't fill after the initial flush.4) When you arrive they give you a sheet with your pre-assigned dinner times and restaurants. This was a major negative! If you don't like the restaurant, date or time it is impossible to change it. The first restaurant was the Italian at 6:00 which was very good. The second was the Japanese at 6:30 which also was very good. The third at 7:30 was the Dominican which was terrible. You can stand on line by 9:00am in the lobby to get a different reservation or time for another day but they are usually full or for 9:00pm. The other four nights we ate in Alacazar, the buffet. The food was good and they had a nice selection. Also, every night is a different theme night, i.e: Italian, European, Mexican, etc.. Noone got sick from the food or water. We even had drinks with ice cubes. 5) When you arrive they also give you a piece of paper stating you have, in our case 5 people, in your party to give in at the towel hut. The towel hut will keep this paper and give you 5 towels in return. If, at the end of your stay you don't turn in 5 towels you have to pay $20 per towel. This was annoying, constantly worrying where our towels were. We had two taken from our chair by the pool. You can turn in your towels by 6:00pm and receive the same numbers of cards, like credit cards, to turn in the next day for clean towels, or keep the towels in your room and reuse them.6)There were plenty of lounge chairs by the beach. If you wanted a spot under a straw hut you may need to go down early and reserve it with your towel. The pool fills up very fast so you need to get there by 8:00 or earlier to save your lounge chairs. I suggest putting something in addition to your towels like a magazine or t-shirt. When we had just towels we would come back from lunch or a swim and our chairs would be taken. The people would say nothing was on them. Once we started putting additional items with the towels nobody ever bothered them. 7)The beach is breathtaking. The sand is white and the water is crystal clear. There weren't many waves so boogie boarding wasn't very good. There were many women who were topless. It didn't bother my family and after awhile you get used to it. 8)After 3 1/2 days were were all getting bored and ready to come home. Sitting by the pool and/or beach all day in the sun got tiresome. Try to break up the day with excursions or participate in some of the activities. My kids played a lot of volleyball. We did scuba diving, snorkeling and parasaling. These were extra charges but were on site. Horseback riding is about 1 mile away. For the water sports like snorkeling, scuba diving, speed boats or tubing reserve through the resort. They have tour groups set up in the lobby but they take you off site for something that can be done on site. Why drive 30 minutes when you can walk a short distance down the beach to the boat!9)The drinks were all very strong. They definetly didn't skimp on the liquor. The bartenders, as with all the staff, work very hard and long hours. 10)This isn't a 5 star hotel but it wasn't as bad as some of the reviews. There wasn't anything here I haven't experienced at other hotels. The whole stay I saw staff cleaning, sweeping, landscaping, cleaning the pool and painting. We know very little Spanish and had absolutely no problem with communication. Most of the staff know English.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>it was ok . im a 14 year old girl from virginia beach virginia, united states.breezes was ok . the resort was very pretty  pretty clean.except for the rooms they were kinda musty  the beds werent that confortable.the food was horrible. i went with my mom  my aunt  we all got sick.the only restaurants i liked were munason  martinos.the stupid dominican guys were hitting on me the entire time.i thought i was gonna be the next natilie hollaway  was gonna get raped  killed.nobody spoke english too ? uhh a little weird considering most of the world does. what i asked for was never wat i wanted.the beach  pool were GORGEOUS though. i spent my time there.also the internet cafe was very convenient especially a social butterfly for myself. the staff in there was always very sweet  helpful.the night life - ehh not so great.there could have been a teen club. the casino sucked or so said my aunt  mom.they said it was as big as a room.umm go to atlantis where the casino is hugee!! now thatss paradise.i know im american  our expectations are high especially my family whos traveled quite a bit  expects the best.but a few tips1) get your staff to learn how to speak english2)get american food  DONT POISON IT.3)get a better casino/nightlifethankss :]  
<Date>Jun 26, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Beach, Hotel OK My family and I just returned today from a week at Breezes, Punta Cana and I wanted to take a minute to share our thoughts and experiences. We traveled with all age groups, 16, 11, 6  5. I will start with the positives.. The Beach is incredible. Beautiful white sandy beach that you can walk and play on for miles. Absolutely loved all our time spent at the beach. The trapeze and crew at the trapeze were great as well and it was a lot of fun to experience something I will probably never have another chance to experience. The food was ok. We ate mainly at the Al Cazar.. (we nicknamed it Alcatraz because it was so chaotic) but it was ok. Breakfast there was very good.. service was mediocre. It was hard to find a table to seat all 6 of us and harder yet to run around and get everyones food while saving a table and feeding young kids. The specialty restaurants were booked every night and so we were only to eat at the three they booked for us, however, every night the specialty restaurants had only about 5 tables seated and the majority of the restaurant was vacant. had a hard time believing they were really booked. The French restaurant was incredible and our best meal there. The others, only OK but service in general was below par. We found a few waiters/waitresses who were great, so we tipped them and they were then even better. The hotel was busy and packed and noisy all the time, even some nights around 2-3-4 in the morning folks were screaming and partying. My husband dove and loved the diving experience as well as we all snorkeled and loved it. The boat ride there was crazy, but the reef was great. other activities were great as well. The kids camp was horrible. My kids who love to play anywhere clung onto my leg and wouldnt let me leave them there.. needless to say, i really missed those afternoon naps I planned on :)All in all, the kids had fun, there were many activities at all times throughout the day, but if you are looking for a Grand Lido style of vacation of superior service, high quality food, and relaxing environment, you arent going to find it. If you are looking for many activities, lots of noice and craziness, and people everywhere.. you have found your spot. You definately cant beat the price.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Nerys78
<Content>Fantastic Holiday, Stunning Hotel....       Wedding Day  
<Date>Jun 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Disappointed Firstly I will explain why I chose this resort ?I visited Breezes at Puerto Plata three years ago and was so pleased that I thought I would give Breezes another try. The other reason I chose this resort was in Nov 04 I visited the resort next door (Grand Paradise). At that time the Breezes resort was being refurbished following a major hurricane ?so I thought the hotel would be good as new?.now read on!First impression was OK ?the reception and check in staff seemed friendly, efficient and knew what they were doing. We were given some labels for our luggage to show what room we were in, a map to find our way to the room, and the luggage was delivered within ten minutes of us reaching our room. The room was clean and tidy, large wardrobe space, dressing gowns and slippers in the wardrobe, large TV (but poor picture on most channels), clean bathroom with bidet ?all seemed to be good.The problems started the following day ?we noticed that in most cases the staff seemed to have problem ?it was difficult to get cutlery and place settings in the dining room, drinks were served as if we putting them to some trouble ?generally the feeling was that the staff didn want us to be there. We dined in the Paris restaurant on our second night ?Ok the booking was a late one (pre-arranged by the hotel themselves), but when I sit down at 9.30 for a meal I don expect for my order to not be taken until 10.15 ! It was well after 11 when we left the restaurant and as we were the last two people in there we were hurried out so they could clear up. The booking system for the a la cartes is a joke. The hotel pre-book all your meals before you arrive and if they are not at times that you like that tough ?because you can queue by reception for some time to change the bookings, only to be told they are fully booked and that all you get. But when you visit the restaurant you find its half full! Be warned.There were four of us in our party and we ALL felt queasy all holiday ?each of us had at least one day when we didn eat because we felt too ill, and the constant stomach aches, cramps and sick feelings were with us all holiday. But we all agreed that each time we went on an excursion away from the resort we felt better and ate better ?there is something about this resort that isn quite right. The food is not served up in an appetizing way and didn seem to be cooked to well (or was overdone). Ie been to the Caribbean five times and this was easily the worst food Ie experienced. The meals in the a la cartes was better than the buffet, but only just.Considering the place was refurbed only 18 months ago it seemed in desperate need of some pit and polish? Doors were shabby and scratched, paint peeling from walls etc. We even had a guy painting a ceiling right next to where we eating one morning ?we sat inside the buffet restaurant by the open window and he was painting the overhanging ceiling right next to us on the concourse ?cornflakes and paint smell ?lovely ?NOT!!The resort is too big for the amount of staff they have working there ?I sure this is the reason for the staff attitude. They are overworked and stressed. This is why service is poor at best and food is not presented properly. The amenities are great. The pool is clean, and nice to swim in, the beach is very nice (apart from the ageing loungers) and I cant knock the entertainment ?they do their best. But to call this a five or four star hotel is not right ?I give three at best.And be aware that is the policy of Breezes to allow ocals?in at weekends ?this makes the pool and the buffet very noisy and rowdy, as these people some to let their hair down at weekends with little regard for anyone else welfare, consideration or safety. Most of them are young people (most didn look old enough to drink) who get drunk in the afternoon then carry it through to the evening and long into the night (past dawn the next day on one occasion)Something we have never encountered before in the Caribbean is time-share salesmen ?but we experience it here at Breezes! They call themselves Breezes VIP staff and will try to get you interested by saying they can enter you into a raffle. Before you know it they are trying to get you to sign up for the VIP club which entails you paying money to Breezes to get IP?holidays every year for next however many years. These guys hang around the buffet restaurant and reception doing the mornings ?they can VERY persistent so be firm and say NO GRACIAS (and be prepared to say it quite a few times)And be careful where you leave things when you are in the pool ?to my knowledge my wife and I weren the only ones to loose towels whilst we went for a swim in the morning.All in all this was easily the worst carribean holiday Ie ever had (and Ie had five) ?I would not return to this hotel and would seriously think twice about returning to a Breezes hotel, if this is the level they have sunk to.If anyone would like further info or some pics please feel free to mail me at bml4564@hotmail.co.uk  
<Date>Jun 26, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>read the the reviews ,don't go !!!!!!should of listen!!!lol       Wedding Day  
<Date>Jun 26, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We had a good time! We just returned from Breezes Punta Cana, and we enjoyed ourselves very much. My husband, myself, and our 2 children (10 and 13) went. We stayed 9 nights. Check-in was no problem at all, but we weren traveling with a group and we did see others who had problems. The first two nights we were in a regular room which was ok. We decided to pay the extra $50 per night to get a suite. We looked at it before committing to it, and it was MUCH better. Overall, the Dominican people are friendly, kind and hard-working. The only person we tipped was our cleaning maid. The other workers didn seem to expect tips for doing their jobs. I had pre arranged the taxi to and from the airport. If this is not included in your plan, I would advise this. It is so much easier and cheaper than getting a taxi at the airport. The company is afeal Silvio?and you can pay online. He was on time both ways.In regards to the other complaints on this site, we only had no hot water once, but we were so hot from the sun it didn matter. Two times there was not cold water ?don know why?? The electricity only went out twice ?once for 20 minutes and once for about 10 seconds. We always had clean towels. You put the dirty ones in your tub, they take them when they clean, and then bring new ones later. A little different than we are used to, but no problem.We saw tons of topless women. I don know how people said there weren many. Not so many at the pool, but lots at the beach. Most European people ?it just natural for them. I think it is a little rude to be topless at the pool because of all the American teen boys, but oh well.We were given 4 restaurant reservations automatically, but we ended up eating in specialty restaurants every night. It was easy to get a reservation in the morning at 9:00 or before. Usually the only times left were at 9:00 pm or later, but we just took our slip and showed up when we wanted (6-6:30) and they would let us in. As I said before, the people are very kind and will work with you if you are polite. The Munasan, Japanese restaurant was our favorite. I didn like the Marlin, but my family did. I think it is all in what you order and when you go. The restaurants are very hot, dress cool.We went to one show ?frica? and it was so stupid we left and didn go to any others. We did enter some of the daily pool games (dart, putting, etc.) and those were fun. I did water aerobics twice. They guys at the pool always want you to have a good time. My kids and husband did the rock wall a few days and loved it.We rode the catamaran boats at the water sports place (It free!!) and I would recommend that. We also went snorkeling ($20 per person) They take you out to a reef and you get to snorkel for an hour. The guide just stops the boat and drops you off, so don expect any instruction. We also took the city bus ?60 pesos/$2 USD to Higuey, the closest city. It takes about an hour to get there and it is pretty crazy. But we wanted our children to learn how the people really live. The souvenirs and clothes were about half price as in the hotel, but I wouldn recommend the trip for picky people. I could see how some people would have complaints about the hotel. You have to have an open mind and go with the flow. The people like to joke and kid around. Very few of them speak English except at the front desk. The waiters know menu items, etc. and some English. Learn some Spanish before you go.When you arrive, there is a $10/person card you have to purchase for no reason. When you leave, you have to pay a $20/person airport tax. For some reason, they skipped a bunch of people that day, and we didn have to pay. I think that was a fluke though, so save your cash. They both have to be cash.I have so much info I could share. (I am a person who likes to learn about a culture while I am there.) But I don want to go on forever. If you want to email me, feel free. I will answer questions the best I can. I have pictures, too.(dnpdiehl@aol.com)Stuff to bring:stomach medicine ?We never got sick, but it is good to have just in casesun screen ?I usually never burn, but I wore SPF 35 everyday and still got a little burnt!!blow up rafts for the pool - you are allowed to have themdressier clothes ?people tend to dress up for dinnerStuff not to bring: beach towels ?they have them thereOVERALL ?If you are a very picky person who expects to be waited on hand and foot at a seconds notice, don go here. If you are a fun person who likes to try something new, give it a shot. I pretty sure you will have fun.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>coloradorambler
<Content>Beautiful Beach and friendly staff My friend and I stayed at the Breezes resort for 3 days. It as a brief trip that I was able to purchase on skyauction at a great price. For what we paid, I would definitely return to this resort. The staff is very accomodating, the rooms are nice with powerful A/C, and the scenery is magnificent. Upon arrival you can find a mini-frig stocked with free soda and water. I would have to say that the food wasn't that great, but it was plentiful. The fresh grill outside by the pool was the best bet for lunch and omelettes for breakfast/brunch. Getting a drink at the main bar could be a little time consuming, so we always requested two at each visit, especially during the evenings when the live band was performing. If you are going here just for the casino, don't expect much. Also be aware that if your hotel package doesn't include an airport transfer you will need to arrange that on your own. We talked with Sagrario at the resort and she connected us with Eddy from HotelBed who also arrange off-site tours. They have a shuttle service and for ~$12 per person will take you from PUJ airport to the hotel. Expect a 30 + minute bumpy ride. The beautiful resort more than made up for the journey. Wish we could have stayed longer......  
<Date>Jun 23, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I Wish I Had Listened To The Reviews! I arrived at this resort on May 17th with my boyfriend, we were very excited for this vacation since we stayed at a super club resort last year and had an excellent time. Once we arrived at the resort our nightmare began. We had paid for an ocean view room, the first room we were given was no view, our second room had two twin beds and after 2 hours at the front desk we settled for a poolview. The rooms had no working shower, no working air conditioning and were filthy, to say that they were like cheap motel rooms is an understatement. The buffet both dinner and breakfast was horrible, but we didn't have a chance to eat at the specialilty rest. which i heard from other travelers were ok. Some of the staff was helpful but when we asked to speak to a manager no one was in any rush to help us. We were scheduled to stay at this resort for one week, after the first night i called our travel agent and asked to be either booked on a flight home or at another resort. We were moved with in an hour! I read these reviews before i left for our trip and got a big kick out of them. Having stayed at a super club last year i thought i knew exactly what i was getting myself into...a wonderful vacation...it in fact turned out to be a nightmare for the first day. We were not the only travelers complaining...there were several others we heard talking about no air or shower also.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Please read before booking. I returned this morning from Breezes Punta Cana, I have been there for 2 weeks (5th - 20th June) with 3 friends.Overall we had a great holiday; however there are some slight problems that need to be addressed in the hotel.Firstly the Alcazar Buffet restaurant, unless you speak Spanish I would not bother eating here, very had not to do when it is the only restaurant you do not have to book. It took us a very long time just to get a drink and when you finally got someone attention the attitude from them was disgusting, the waiters could not even manage a simple smile. The food was not much better and if you are travelling with children I would definitely recommend a different hotel unless you want them eating Pizza and Chips every night (this was all there was on the children menu, most of which was eaten by the adults anyway as the other food was inedible, 3 out of the 4 of us were ill).The speciality restaurants were completely different except Marlin (seafood and steak restaurant) where the waiters were pretty much the same as the Buffet ones.The hotel itself was lovely, set in huge well maintained Gardens. The Beach was gorgeous; the pool was ok but could have been cleaner.The rooms were very nice and the air conditioning worked very well, although make sure you read all of the signs in the room about bed linen and towels (these will only get changed when requested).We did 5 trips in 3 weeks, The Jurassic Safari, Swimming with Dolphins (Manati Park), Snorkelling with sharks/sea trek, Saona Island and the Quad bikes. The trips ranged from $70-$85 per person and all were well worth the money except the Dolphin Swimming at Manati Park, where you only spent 10 minutes in the water. Apparently the Dolphin World excursion was much better where you paid an extra $10 but got to spend 30 minutes with them. We never got to see our rep most of the holiday so booked our excursions through Joel (Dominicana Tours), when we finally did find our Rep his trips were $8-$10 more expensive anyway.The onsite shop is very expensive as you would imagine but when you can eat the dinner that is where we ended up.Other than the above mentioned I personally had a lovely time there, please feel free to contact me with anymore questions.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Ignore Bad Reviews I went to a 8 days vacations in Breezes with a group of 9 people and was FANTASTIC. The dominicans are great people, very friendly and they want the best service for you. I dont know why people dont like this great hotel. If you want to have fun all day and all night this is your hotel. The rooms are good if you dont wanna spend all day in it. The food is really good especially the mexican and french food are the best. The beach was really BEAUTIFUL.The pool was really clean but a little warm. I definitely go back again. We never get sick by the water,but be careful if you are feeling bad. The imodium is very good to prevent diarrea. Me and the group like this hotel very much.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>rachie-m-2004
<Content>excellent value for money We went to Breezes for 2 weeks with 2 adults and 2 kids. We had a great time!!Check in: Very quick, we arrived with 2 full coach parties and waited no more than 10 minutes.Room: I had previously emailed the hotel as it was our wedding anniversary, and they gave us a very nice room with sea/pool views. It was a little musty but very clean and after a few days the smell went off. Maid service was good. They also gave us champagne.Pool: was always kept clean. You had to be up by 7am to bag some shade, it was always busy even though the hotel was half full. Peek season would be very very crowded.Bars: The drinks were mostly very good. I found on the whole, good service. AND Baileys was free flowing!!! WOWRestaurants: Marlin, (seafood and steak)nice food but awful service, we were not offered a single drink all night and had to get our own from the bar. When we asked the waiter he just told us later. Conuco, (dominican) the food here was not very nice, there was a very restricted menu and nothing really for kids, but the service was good. Sombrero,(mexican) we ate here twice, the first meal of Fajitas was not very nice, the second of Buritos was very good. Excellent service too. Martinos (italian) very nice, we ate here twice. Good food and good service with a kids menu too. Munasan (Japenese) We loved this restaurant and ate here 3 times. The service and atmosphere was excellent, and food delicious. Paris (French) This was also an excellent restaurant with a kids menu. There was steaks chicken and fish on the menu and probably something to suit everyone. We also ate here 3 times. Buffet: only ate here once, it seemed ok but rather limited and the service for drinks was slow. They did a different themed night every night. Staff: We found the staff to be really nice with only the odd exception, we did discreetly tip some of the wait staff as they were so kind. Restaurant reservation staff always did their best to find room in the restaurants, as you can see we ate at these virtually every night. People lined up at about 8.45 to reserve these and they would put a list of availability for you to see, if you really fancied a restaurant/time that was not listed it's worth asking as they can usually juggle something around. I speak some Spanish, however, their English was good.Beach: WOW what can I say, the best I've been to.Excursion: We went to Saona Island, which was a really enjoyable day out. We booked it through Dominican tours, within the hotel which was half the price of Thomson. The island beach itself was not as nice as Bavaro and you do get pestered alot by vendors, but on the whole, we really enjoyed this trip.Entertainment: Ok, there was usually something going on. Games round the pool, I did the water aerobics every day which was fun. Evening entertainment was ok but usually ended up playing pool or chatting with other people.I think that's covered most things. To sum up...We paid just under 2000 for this holiday through Portland direct, for 2 adults and 2 kids for 2 weeks. It was excellent value for money!! We never got sick apart from the usual excess thing! Alot of people with kids loved this resort but a few older couples tended to dislike it. It's a buzzy resort, so if you're looking for a really peaceful holiday this might not be for you, but for us it was great.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Would choose a different resort if I could do it all over again The Superclubs Breezes Resort in Punta Cana was not worth the money and time we spent, even though we thought we got a good deal through our TA. My friend and I spent a week there this month, and despite our optimistic outloook going into the trip (we did see the negative reviews beforehand, but thought we could make the best of it, being ready for any vacation and being flexible) neither of us was happy with the vacation overall. IF you feel that you must stay at this resort, I would suggest not spending more than a few days, maybe just a long weekend at most. The biggest problems were the food and the staff, just as so many others have said. The food was practically inedible in many cases, and we are not picky eaters. We ended up eating a lot of bread and desserts just to feel full, as the buffet was dismal at ALL meals, and the vast majority of the specialty restaurants were hardly any better. The exceptions to this were the Japanese and Dominican restaurants, which we thought were good (not great). The Mexican, French, and seafood restaurants were not good at all, and the Italian restaurant was mediocre. Changing the assigned reservations or making extra reservations was very difficult - the resort likes to post that the majority of restaurants are FULL every night, or that the only available reservation times are as late as 9 or 9:30pm (who really wants to eat a full dinner that late at night?). On the contrary, travelers will see that NONE of the restaurants are actually full, and/or that tables will soon come available even if mostly full, regardless of the time (still, they will not be allowed in, which is incredibly frustrating).Overall, the staff was not customer service oriented and can use a LOT of improvement. There were a select few individuals who were kind and helpful, but they amounted to probably five of the dozens of staff with whom we interacted - a dismal showing. Knowing some basic Spanish is definitely helpful, as most of the staff has limited English, but they do try and manage to communicate well enough, nevertheless. Their main problem is lack of friendliness/courtesy/motivation/proactivity/helpfulness - you really have to pursue what you want or need, as you will rarely be offered help, service, etc. otherwise and will be left hanging.Be wary of which outside excursions you choose - not only are they overpriced, but they will be less than what you expect. My friend and I signed up through VIP travel services, which in and of itself, was difficult.We did three excursions via VIP during our week's stay: 1) Saona Island by catamaran was nice, but it ended up being a ridiculously long 13-hour day that included about 5 hours on the bus, 3-4 hours on the catamaran (in the blazing hot sun without any shade/cover), and only three hours on Saona's beach. The starfish/sand bar portion of the trip (less than an hour?) was horrible - several boats full of people crowding this sand bar, picking up the beautiful, huge starfish OUT of the water (which if done too much kills the delicate starfish, and indeed we saw several dead starfish laying motionless on the sandbar). Please, DON'T support this behavior.2) One hour riding horses on the beach at Breezes: nice, but the accompanying staff was not at all helpful, such as with difficult horses, and not very nice, and the stretch of beach was strewn with trash. Probably not worth the time and money!3) Carribean Festival excursion, snorkeling at two different sites (including one with nurse sharks and rays): This was a horrible excursion. Again, about 4 hours on the bus to and from. Then about 60 people piled onto this boat with a bunch of obnoxious staff, and the first snorkeling event was in rough and murky water along with another two or three boats full of pax. Mass chaos. Didn't have any idea which staff belonged to our boat, what to bother looking at/for underwater, etc. and didn't see anything worth the trip. Worse yet, the snorkeling with the sharks was an abomination: we were taken to a small pen in the ocean into which 16 nurse sharks and who knows how many rays have been corralled for the snorkeling enjoyment of dozens of pax at a time. This is NOT ecologically responsible and has got to result in a lot of trauma and probably deaths of these animals. Please, again, DON'T support this sort of entertainment.I could write more, but these were the most important points. If I were you I would stay somewhere other than Breezes. If I ever go back to the DR I will definitely stay somewhere else, but honestly, based on the week we just spent there, I have no desire to ever return, and would rather spend my time and money in any number of other vacation destinations. Very disappointing, and not very relaxing!  
<Date>Jun 14, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>hamishmc
<Content>Superclubs Breezes, Punta Cana Don't Pannic if you booked here as its Ok if you got a good deal as It has the Best Beach, fantastic Turquoise waters, the pools quite big. I would not go to this hotel for more than 1 week.The Staff were quite friendly and helpfull despite reviews that I read saying the opposite.Enough of the pro's. Here's the Cons in order of how painfull they were:1: There is absolutely nothing to do after a day on the beach or pool beyond having your evening meal, the entertainment was absolutely pittyful. Peoples Kids jumping around on the stage, was cute for 1st 5 mins of 1st night then drove us up the wall when it was the same every night for a couple of hours. Then when the untallented entertainment staff got going we Really regretted having a room by the amitheatre, even on the top floor the patio door provided no escape from the tuneless repetative painfull ordeal they called evening entertainment. We were wishing the evenings away after dinner as nothing to do.2. The walls were paper thin, seriously. We could hear every word of the loud americans next door and it sounded like their TV was in our room.3. There was almost never any hot water in the shower , before dinner or breakfast which was a big inconvenience.4. If you do go then even if they assign you a room, ask for a different room and say that you want a high floor ,seaview away from the entertainment amitheatre. A very good tip.Tip the guy on the reception, about $50 bucks and he'll sort you out if you know what i mean.5. The food - Japanese A la carte was VERY GOOD. Excellent entertainment and delicious.French restaurant in my opinion was dire, I left my main course as it was not as per description and foul. Mexican- We aborted the meal after being shown to our table after being attacked by mosquitos. We were quite worried about Malaria despite taking tablets , as they are not guaranteed to work. It was an attack zone by the beach and so never got to try the mexican food. Daft idea eating outside after dusk with lots of candle lights to attact the biting pests. I think the food might have been ok there otherwise.The buffet was quite big and had a fair bit of variety. At the start it was ok despite 1st time i went to buffet there was a massive cockroach crawling all over the clean dinner plate pile. You and your food gets persistantly fly trodden whilst trying to eat which drove me nuts. Beakfast was better that our other hotel , nice bread, croissants and omlettes etc. Pasta was good too and mini pizzas and fries but counters in middle of room had flies crawling all over the food.There is self service soft drink *pepsi/7up dispensers at each bar which was good and staff keep bringing you drinks. Very good tip, take a thermos flask and fill it with Ice/cold drinks here, saves coming in from beach or pool as often for a drink. There is also a bar by pool and sea.skip the Cassino, the roulette has minimum 10$ bet per red or black or odds,evens and we lost everything without any wins at all. Staff in cassino were miserable and not friendly, slot machines were card operated mainly and digital screens rather than traditional spinning rolls, seemed to be programmed to almost never pay out. Took about $100 and only lasted about 10 mins in Casino.The Bed in the room dipped in the middle (we had to doubles) . It was quite unconfortable and we both rolled to the centre .Tip the maid a dollar a day and she puts nice fresh flowers in the bathroom and makes a couple of swans out of the towels, nice touch.Minor complaints- we asked for coathangers as needed about 50 and only had 6 in room, they never came. The irons casing was cracked and a bit dangerous being a steam iron but this was not replaced despite reporting it.The safety deposit box was antiquated and key operated, it was attached to the wall with 1 cm screws, surprisingly 1 of the 3 screws just fell out in the middle so it was just purched on the wall, someone could have walked off with it if they wanted.The internet cafe was a rip off charging over $2.50 per MINUTE , my next hotel had free internet access.We walked right down the beach but when we tried to walk left we only were allowed to walk about 1 minute before some security guard shouted at everyone saying turn around and prevented us walking along the beach, his engish was not sufficiently good to tell me why!! He just said there is a problem with going that way... Very odd and made us feel a bit like prisoners as your not advised to leave the resort as it is so being restricted on the beach was wierd.SHOPPING- with nothing much to do we just wanted to go shopping. Theres a sparse gift shop and craft shop in hotel and another craft shop with many pesting shop keepers just down the driveway from the hotel as you are about to leave the hotel grounds but NO propper shops annoyingly.On entering the Dominican Republic we had to pay tax and also on Exiting. To save time and money we wrote to Dominican Consulat Embassy in UK to get entry /exit tourist cards but got completely ripped off. They took our entry and exit visa cards on Entry so that we had to pay again on Exiting. Very annoying and happened to other people too, what a con. I an going to write to their embassy and complain for misleading us.We flew with 1st Choice and upgraded to the Star class Premiere. Was quite annoyed after being told we could request window seats on arrival and check in but when we actually got to the airport they said your seats are assigned, your in the middle of the plane sat with a stranger. They would not help sort it out at all and we most unhelpfull and not very friendly. Just gave us an address to write to for after our return from holiday.When we got on the plane, the selfish family in front all put their seats right the way back so our premium extra legroom was mostly lost and we felt clostrophobic. The Star class cabin was full of screaming kids and babies which was very unpleasant and the plane seemed in a state of disrepair. The tables didnt rest well enough to put your meal tray on, the seats of the selfish people infront were faulty so even at the end of the flight on landing when they were forced to put their seats forward they wouldnt function. The staff in our experience were unfriendly and not particularly helpfull. On the return flight it was better but we had no priority boarding on the way home. Even the priority baggage didnt work as on the way out 1 bag wasnt labelled a priority so some came off early and one came off last.The Second week we went to the 5 * Melia Caribe...... That's when things got much better!  
<Date>Jun 6, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>H&DVB
<Content>Absolute Paradise - Complaints are a load of cobblers !! Please, please, please ignore the bad reviews for this resort, as the complaints are unfounded.We have just returned from a two-week stay, in which we had a fabulous time. The weather was beautiful, the hotel and grounds immaculate and the beach was stunning with beautiful white pepper sand, vibrant clear blue seas and ample suns beds / parasols. What more could you ask for?The complaints mainly seem to arise from Americans ?which could be understood if you were witness to their rude behaviour within the resort. If the locals are treated with the respect and politeness that they deserve, then you will be treated in an equally courteous and friendly manner. I think people need to remember that they are there to serve us and not to be our servants! The staff here work extremely hard to maintain the grounds and the cleanliness of the hotel. Decoration does look a little jaded in places, but we weren there to inspect the peeling paintwork. Unfortunately some of the grounds were littered with cigarette butts, which the staff tried to pick up regularly ?however in my opinion they should not have been thrown on the floor / beach anyway? People also seem to forget that this is a third world country, where running hot and cold water is a luxury ?so if there were minor instances in which the water didn work for ten minutes, is it really the end of world to wait? You are on holiday ?RELAX!We enjoyed all of the speciality restaurants and also the Alcazar buffet. Of course there were days in which the menu was better than others, but this is to be expected when the chefs are trying to cater for a broad range of nationalities and cultures. However if the evening buffet didn capture the imagination then there were alternatives (virtually 24hr snack bar). Initially our room did overlook the amphitheatre, which did disturb us because we were still jet lagged in the first week. But we requested a move, which was undertaken swiftly ?with minor disruption. In fact we had a porter assisting us (without the need for a bribe!). Further disruptions in our room, were because our US neighbours felt it was acceptable to play Country and Western music loudly from 6am to midnight. However a knock at their door soon resolved the issue.Go for this hotel, we arrived home relaxed but very depressed at the thought that our holiday was over.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Brilliant holiday would definatly return Stayed at breezes in jun-july 05 and thought it was a wonderful experience.Despite reading quite a few negative comments about the cleanliness and food we really enjoyed the food and thought the variety was fantastic. The only down side was the queing to make reservations for the restaraunts which has been rectified since my visit.  The pool was fabulous and the beach was like nothing i have ever seen before. AMAZING. During our 2week stay we did a number of trips all of which we enjoyed. The trip to swim with the dolphins and sea lions was amazing, a once in a life time opportunity, altough quite pricy as you had to fly to the other side of the island but definatly worth it. We both really enjoyed the speed boat trip which was just a couple of hours but very enjoyable and cheap. We both got a chance to drive the speed boat and inbetween go's we went snorkelling with the fantastic guides feeding and taking photos of all the beautiful fish. the monster truck safari was a real eye opener and quite upsetting at times but really worth it to see the smiles on the children's faces when they were given the clothes and other things given to them by the guides who they all had a real freindship with. It's worth taking some pen's, paper, unwanted clothes or even just collecting the toiletries from your bathroom for the children. The sharks and rays trip was terrifying as i am not to fond of sharks or rays for that matter, but my boyfriend loved it and i enjoyed the day on the glass bottom boat. The highlight of my holiday was saona island which was fantastic! A day of true relaxation, The speed boats on the way were great and i almost lost my hat. The shops on the island were good and i bought some great paintings and souviners, the catamaran was fabulous make sure you pack the suncream.  Great holiday would return without a doubt.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>StephLP
<Content>extremely disappointed I was very disappointed with the resort, but didn't let it ruin our time. This was a family vacation with my husband and 12 year old daughter. We got a good price on this vacation, but you get what you pay for. The first night I was trying to figure out how to go home early without upsetting my family, but I just sucked it up and made the best of it.The pictures on internet of the resort are beautiful, but don't be fooled. The rooms were dirty (mold in the shower). The sheets were so old, they had little balls all over them and were very scratchy. The maids never wiped off the counters. We had to ask for coffee cups and refills for the coffee. I wouldn't walk barefoot in the room. We did have a beautiful view of the ocean.The pool was in bad shape, too. Tiles missing, stained plaster, rotten wood decking around the bar.The only place where there was good air conditioning was in our room. Three of the restaurants had air conditioning, but I was still sweating. I couldn't even drink wine with my dinner, because it would make me hotter. The specialty restaurants were all good and we had no problem getting in. Sometimes we would eat at 9:00 (which was no problem since we are on PST) just so it wouldn't be so hot. I found that none of the bartenders were friendly, but everyone else was. The staff didn't speak much English, but we are in their country so that is to be expected. There were a couple of days that they had no bottled water for half of the day, which is a real problem. Our tour rep advised us not to eat at the Marlin for dinner because others of his clients had gotten sick after eating there. The Alcazar was not good, but we enjoyed the Marlin for breakfast and lunch. I got hooked on Mimosas.We never stayed out for the evening entertainment, but it was very loud until about midnight.I don't mean to sound negative, in fact this is the first negative review that I have posted. My twelve year old had a great time. There are lots of activities with plenty to do. The ocean and beach were beautiful, but I would definately rate this a 2 1/2 star resort. I understand that this is a third world country and tried to account for that , but I have been to Cozumel and Cancun and this resort didn't even compare.My husband golfed at the Punta Cana Golf Course. He said it was the most beautiful course he's ever golfed on, and he's golfed in Hawaii  Cancun. $250 USD.My daughter and husband swam with the sharks and stingrays. $85.00 USD each. They also purchased the DVD for $40 USD and it turned out very nice. My daughter had a good time. They had sea lions there that would kiss her and hug her.If you are going to Punta Cana, I would suggest someplace else.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>ukrose
<Content>Wow - Lifes a Beach ! Well what can I say, the beach is the best I have ever seen. White sand, the best stretch of cyrstal blue waters - paradise. Like most of us I was aprehensive of the bad reviews - I needn't have bothered worrying. I e-mailed the hotel direct after booking with Thomson and told them it was my birthday and wedding anniversary. They upgraded us to a sea and pool view for free - fabulous. Rooms could do with a little updating but overall I was well pleased with this hotel. The staff are so helpful, lots to eat and drink (speciality restaurants superb and be aware that you can book them on each morning if they have vacancies - italian and french were my favourites). The pool was fantastic with swim up bar and there was lots to do during the day, water aerobics, volleyball that sort of thing. The entertainment was fun and if you didn't want to lie on the beach/pool areas which were awash with tiki huts and loungers - there was so much more to do spa (an absolute pleasure), casino, disco, pool tables, tramolene/trapeze, rock climbing - we did the lot. Don't forget the non motorised water sports are free. A genuinely fantastic two weeks. Oh the helicopter trip was fabulous. Any questions please contact me. Will definitely not hesitate to recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mika24
<Content>Made the best of it...       Beach Party  
<Date>May 30, 2006
<Rating>2	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>momfromoz
<Content>We had a blast! We just got back from a week at Breezes Punta Cana. We had such a wonderful time! Most everything and everyone we came across was lovely! The pool, trapeze, beach, restaurants,etc. were outstanding! If I had to make a suggestion, it would be to spend the money on a suite! The regular rooms are below standard and noisy. We spent an extra $200 U.S. after the first night and upgraded to a suite. We have two boys ages 7 and 9 and thought that the extra room (and bathroom) that the suite provided was worth way more! It was quite an ordeal to get them to move us so I would suggest you book it ahead of time. Have a great trip! I would definately go back!  
<Date>May 23, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awesome! Ignore Bad Reviews-Honestly! This hotel was fantastic! It's unfortunate that I was a little apprehensive to go with all of the bad reviews on this place, because I shouldn't have been. This definitely exceeded my expectations! The people are extremely friendly, the food is great (especially dinner),and nothing beats the gorgeous beach. For all-inclusive you're getting a great deal. There is always more than enough food to eat and always tons of alcohol flowing, along with great service. The staff works really really hard to make sure your stay is a good one-that should be appreciated! There is tons of stuff to do there, but if you want to just lay on the beach - that works too. Nobody should be nervous to stay at this hotel, it really was absolutely fabulous. I would go back in a heartbeat and would recommend this hotel to anyone!! Have fun and PLEASE don't listen to the bad reviews. If I did, I would not have these wonderful memories to hold onto.  
<Date>May 23, 2006
<Rating>5	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>MJV
<Content>Great Trip Just returned from wedding/honeymoon at Breezes. Lovely property and beautiful beach. Our room was clean though not luxurious, but definitely comfortable. We got married right on the beach. Maribel and Melanie, the wedding coordinators, were fantastic to work with, and the wedding costs were very low compared to other resorts we checked. We had an arch on the beach decorated with palm and roses, rose petals in the shape of a heart to stand in, a beautiful bouquet, complimentary wedding cake and champagne, trio that sang and played instruments at the ceremony, and a lovely dinner that night. Also got complimentary bottle of rum, bottle of champagne, and fruit in our room. The only expense was flowers for the table, photographer, and the judge. Also translation of documents was required ahead of time.It was very hot and air conditioning couldn't really keep up. Occasional problems with hot water in the shower, but after all, you're not in the United States where we take those things for granted. The food was good, drinks were great, and service was excellent. Friendly, helpful staff. All our requests were met. They even repaired my curling iron which was broken during travel.Only excursion we took was the Booze Cruise. Great fun, snorkeling and swimming. The crew was a blast. Everyone drank lots and had lots of fun! I wouldn't take kids on that one.The airport in Punta Cana was quaint but not difficult to get in and out of. Travel to and from the hotel was interesting -- they definitely don't worry about traffic laws. We had an all inclusive package which is definitely the way to go. All we needed money for was tips, excursions, and what we spent in the casino and for souveniers.Overall it was wonderful and I would recommend this resort highly.  
<Date>May 23, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Naysayers go away - Breezes esta Que Bueno !       Wedding on beach 1  
<Date>May 23, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>good for first time all inclusives my husband myself and my sister in law stayed at breezes Punta cana on the week of April. we are of the ages between 20 and 30.we flew air transat from Montreal to Punta cana. Our flight was basically o.k but we had a long wait at the airport. We arrived at Punta cana in the middle of the night. The check in was pretty good and went rather fast.This is the first time we viisted an all inclusive so we really didn't know what to expect. All start with the positives. The pool was beautiful and the beaches were really nice. However, I felt the beaches are not as clean as Florida. People would smoke everyone and put their cigarette buts in the sand. There was also smoking in the lobby and pool areas and basicly every where in the hotel except the special restarraunts. Our room was clean but the mirrors were dirty and the beds were really hard.I felt the house keeping service could have been better.the itailan restarrant was excellent. I enjoyed my time there. The mexican was really good too.I have to say that the buffets were not that good.. i'm not sure why but none of the food was covered and there was tons and tons of flies everywhere around all the food. the staff was friendly but there hygene was not great. many situations they did not wash their hand swhile touching garbage or preparing food. I also saw a staff member cough directly in the food. the table cloths were also dirty. That's why I believe so many people get sick.my sister in law also had thirty dollars u.s stollen from our room. make sure you lock all your'e money and valuables up.we went on two trips during our week. One was horse back riding and the other was a trip to Santo domingo. We all loved horse back riding and had a great time.I did not feel the trip to Santo dominigo was really worth 90 dollars U.S It ended up being at five hour bus ride to the city. we really didn't see anything along the way. The tours were nice, but the locals almost jump infront of you to buy neclaces and give them money. they are very pushy.overall we had a great time and spend the most of our days at the pool. It was a good experience but next time i think I will stay at a five star only.  
<Date>May 21, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>fantastic holiday! Just came back from a two week stay at breezes, and all i can say is- fantastic!! A group of five went and were a bit worried because of alot of bad publicity this resort had last year-it was on holidays from hell-a tv documentary, and also read sum bad reviews on different websites. No need to worry if you have booked this hotel, as we never had any complaints, nor did we meet anyone that did either. I'm sure that some people go on holiday and FIND things to complain about-so why they bother going-i don't know? One thing you must remember when going out to the Dominican, is this is a thirld world country and their ratings of hotels is probably not what we'd rate them at-on average you need to drop a star to get the true rating! Plenty of vareity of food in buffets and a la carte resuarants-our favourite being the Japanese. We ate there 3 times-the food was gorgeous ,the staff were great-the whole atmosphere in there was good fun. We found ALL the staff at the ALL the bars polite and helpful! The pool was lovely and the beach was out of this world-we spent most days on the beach as it was tooo hot to sunbathe round pool, but got a lovely breeze off the sea. The rooms were well equipped with everything you need. No problems with hot water-shower was lovely and powerful. Loads of films on tv to watch if you fancied a nite in-not that i did! Don't book your trips through rep-very expensive! We went on the monster truck tour and we booked it through the man at the towel shack. RIGO was our guide for the day-andWOWwhat a fun day he made it!!! The girls swam with the dolphins-booked through hotel also. One last thing about airport coming home-upstairs where you first go in isn't air-conditioned-but you can go down to where the boarding gates are which is air-conditioned. P.SDon't forget to take your thermos flasks-Bigger drinks-less trips to the bar!!!!  
<Date>May 20, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>winodino84
<Content>nice location, sometimes a strange smell We stayed there in summer 2003. The rooms are big and clean, but the air condition has to run all the time because otherwise your clothes will get wet (high humidity).Pool is okay, a little bit warm compared with the ocean. Pool games are funny to watch. Beach is great, as well as the ocean.Food: Always the same and a little bit too American for us Europeans. Nice decoration, food available almost 24 hours. The restaurants are great, try the Japanese and the Italian as well as the French.Cocktails are good, but try to get them without ice (had bad problems with my stomach).Hotel is clean, sometimes there is a really awkward smell, but we couldnt find out where it came from. The thing is, that is sometimes smells that bad when you lie at the pool.For the price it was definitely okay. If you have time  money, take the tour to Saona Island - very nice and relaxing and you will remember it forever!  
<Date>May 19, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent This hotel was perfect for what we wanted.We travelled to Dominican Republic for 1 week, staying in the Superclubs Breezes Punta Cana. The rooms could of done with slight updates, but nothing that caused us any problems at all - other than we were staying on the bottom floor on the end and while we were asleep we got woken up every night several times by extremely loud people! The mini fridge was always stocked with soft drinks, and the room was cleaned every day.Food here was lovely, never had a bad meal. There are 6 restaurants and a buffet. As we were only there for a week, the hotel had booked us in for 3 of the 6 restuarants. But if you queue on the day of your booking you can change the reservation to any of the others or the time providing there is space. We booked in for 6 of the 7 restaurants, which were all very impressive.The only thing which they could of improved on was the vegetarian meals. We travelled with another couple, one of them being vegetarian, so mostly all was available was pasta, fries, fruit and veg!The pool and beach were both lush, always enough room for everyone!Entertainment was slightly on the downside, but good for children.I would definately go back to this resort...  
<Date>May 19, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great time.. honest review!!       View from our Balcony!!  
<Date>May 15, 2006
<Rating>4	5	2	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Would definalty return loved it I got married in this resort in November 2003 (ok it is a while back).....BUT we had a wonderful wedding there the hotel really put on a big effort very helpful.The beach is amazing sooo clean and runs for miles you can even walk (a little way!!) to a beach flea market.There are loads of facilities for children ranging from trampolining, creche, mountain climbing, horse riding, gym, water sports, quad biking and the staff put on aerobics for kids etc The entertainment was also fun in the evenings and my husband and family used the casino which they enjoyed.This is an all inclusive resort and drinks were not !! local you could even have coffees with liquors added, there was a stall in the foyer. The food was also very good great choice of restaurants Mexican (you all get hats to wear) Italian, Beach/pool barbeque, japanese, two other restaurants.We thought this hotel was really great value for money and a great place to take your children we would definalty return.The rooms when I went could do with updating but they were clean and very well presented we had a luxury suite and my other family members had normal rooms.  
<Date>May 14, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>depends on what youre looking for.. just got back from breezes punta cana... were there from may 3-8.Positives - 1. awesome beach and pool.2. the weather was perfect everyday.3. for the price the trip was good.4. upgraded to a suite when we arrived and it was well worth it.. our room was awesome.5. casino was fun at night. we played blackjack everynight.. few of us actually won some money..Negatives -1. got sick on the third night and it ruined my vacation because it lasted 3 days. out of 18 of us, 4 got sick when we returned home. 2. There isnt much to do if you dont like to lay by the pool or beach all day.3. mosquitos were out in full force.. we didnt take malaria pills.4. drinks werent great. the frozen drinks were never really frozen, and all the drinks in general did not have much alcohol in it... im convinced the alcohol was watered down to begin with.5. didnt like the food either. ate at japanese and that was good.. didnt like mexican or italian. the buffet wasnt great either.. stick with the breads and desserts.6. other than the suites, the rooms are small and loud at night until 11pm. one of our group members heard their neighbor vomitting all night through the thin walls of their room..7. the sun is super strong.. definitely wear atleast 30spf for the first few days.in conclusion... if you like to relax in paradise this is the trip for you.. if you like to enjoy food and stay active during the day and night.. go somewhere else.  
<Date>May 11, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LiseCool
<Content>Read before you go! Some suggestions for the prepared traveler:1. Buy a blow up float and take it with you. You can use them in the pool but keep an eye on them....the children seem to think they are up for grabs and will take them. 2. Take your own sunscreen! It's sold in the resort mini-market but it is extremely expensive!3. Ask (in advance of your arrival if possible) for a room on the ground or 1st floor as the only elevators in the resort are in the lobby area. This is a huge resort and you will have to walk quite a distance just to get around not to mention the stairs.4. Upon check in you will receive pre-arranged restaurant reservations. Give them a try as the buffet is a bit monotonous. 5. Learn some basic spanish. This resort has a very big language barrier.  
<Date>May 10, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Kelly_V
<Content>Awesome! Awesome! Awesome! I chose this resort based on price. I originally wanted to go to Breezes in the Bahamas but it was triple the amount of Breezes, Punta Cana. There were 9 couples going for our 40th birthdays. After booking the hotel, I started reading comments and 90% of them were horrible. Since I was the one who chose this resort, I was really, really worried about our stay here. Let me tell you that it was awesome! We didn't experience any of the negative comments that were written. Check-in was quick, rooms beautiful and didn't smell (I even brought an air freshener but didn't need it) I did request king size beds because I read that those rooms were nicer. (Our rooms were in buildings 6  7) Clean towels everyday. Beds, pillows and sheets comfortable ( I even brought my own sheets just in case) Showers were fine. Water did change sometimes but not drastically that you would burn or freeze. Refrigerator was always stocked with water and soda. Food was great especially the specialty restaurants (We ate at Seafood, Japanese, Italian and Mexican) Since Americans are used to Super Size portions, most of the guys ordered 2 entrees and 2 appetizers and there was no problem with that. Buffet was great for breakfast and lunch and so was the outside restaurant) We never tried the buffet for dinner. The people that work there are very friendly (we did tip after we received great service) but you don't have to. The jobs at these resorts are top of the line jobs for the locals and I don't think they would chance losing their jobs by being rude. Never really had to wait for drinks at any of the bars. We would all go back in a heartbeat!!!  
<Date>May 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>From Saint John New Brunswick               More photos  
<Date>May 4, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Louanne1985
<Content>Im going there soon  hi there, im going to this hotel in june and have ben looking around at the activities to do, ive looked at swimming with the dolphins, waterfall viewing, etc and was wondering if anyone had done these and could tell me how much they were.many thanks  
<Date>May 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Tanya_DiB
<Content>Would go back!!! My boyfriend and I just got back from a week at the Breezes Punta Cana. We arrived on Easter Sunday (expecting service to be so-so as it was a Holiday for the Dominican people also, but service was great) and had an a amzing time. We are both in our 20's (24 and 26) and were surprised at how greatly we were treated.Where to start???Room: Top floor over the buffet overlooking the ocean witha cathedrale type ceiling. It was incredible. We would leave the blinds open and hear and see the ocean as we woke up (big difference for 2 people from Montreal!) Our room was very clean, no smell what so ever. It was cleaned every day, towels changed everyday and you can have your bedsheets changed also but you have to leave a little card on your bed. The mini frigde is stocked with bottled water and soda and can have it filled to your liking by filling in a form. We had no technical problems in the room at all.Food: We had the opportunity to eat at 5 of the speciality restaurants (Italian, Japanese, Dominican, French, and Steak  Seafood (all but the Mexican) and all were very good. they offer a good variety and you cannot leave there hungry! The buffet offered a great variety, including a vegeterian corner and a children's corner. There was a variety of food available 24 hours a day at several locatinos so that will never be a problem. Do get a bottle of water or drink at the lobby bar before going in because on 1 occassion we did not get sevred anything to drinkl will dining at the Buffet.Bars, Club  Casino: There is a swim up bar where service can sometimes take a couple of minutes but nothing major (you're on vacation, nowhere to go anyway...), the beach bar is large and the 2 lobby bars offer a great variety of drinks! We did go to the club twice - for 20 minutes each - it is inthe basement of the hotel and we found there to be a lot of underly dressed under age girls there...not our style...We visited the casino but again, not our favorite passtime either...there are about 20 slot machines, and a few roulette, poker or blackjake tables.Beach  Pool: The beach is gorgeous but do bear in mind that the time we were there the waves were quite high and strong. Not the safest for children although there are areas of the beach that are calmer and a lifeguard is on the lookout. There are always chairs available at any time but do suggest getting out early to put towels on loungers if need some shade also. The pool is huge with loungers all around the pool. Again, for selected spots with umbrellas do try to get out earlier to reserve the chairs but if you can't don't worry you will be able to get a spot. There were many activities around the pool area which are fun and the animators are great (Say hi and 'you aaaare sexy' to Chapel if you see him...he's amazing!!!)Guest services: My boyfriend celebrated a birthday there and to make it a little more special for him I contacted guest services. With just a proof of birth (passport) he got many little surprises. We returned from the pool in the afternoon to find a platter of fresh fruit, a card and a bottle of rum in the room. At supper (conincidentally at one of the speciality restaurants) they surprised him with a birthday cake (which he left the restaurant with....) and on returning to the room there were chocolates for him. He wasn't expecting any of it and was very touched and impressed by the guest services!All in all my boyfriend and I agree that this was by far the best vacation we have taken thus far. we had been to Cuba (Iberstar Dquiri in cayo Guillermo and Playa Cayo Coco in Cayo Coco) and also to Spain but this was the place where we had the best overall time. The service can sometimes be slow (we once never got our drinks while dining at the Buffet) but regardless you're not in any hurry - you're on vacation! Everything is very clean and well kept! The grounds are beautiful and no, you will not be bored!!!! there is plenty to do! We didn't find many souvenirs to bring back (we would have liked more souvenirs stating that it was from Dominican Republic but...)I'm sure that there could have been a multide of things someone can find to complain about...instead, enjoy the sunshine, relax and have a couple cervezas!!!  
<Date>Apr 28, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>bubbagump
<Content>Our family had a GREAT time!!!!! Our family(2 adults, 2 teeens) just returned from a week at Breezes. We had a great time. The people were very friendly, and helpful. We speak very very little spanish and had no trouble communicating. The beah was AMAZING!!! The food was good. Always found something at the buffet we liked, and the specialty restaurants were good. The drinks flow, but you do have to ask for top shelf brands. Entertainment was good. They try hard to make sure you have fun. The only negative was the rooms. They need to be updated, but they were always clean. The grounds are beautiful, and well maintained. Overall we rate this resort above average, and we would return.  *If you are planning on going, don't worry about some of the negative reviews you read. I think some people just look for negatives. We went to have fun, and we did!  
<Date>Apr 24, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Had a REALLY good holiday! I keep meaning to post my review as they were so helpful to me when I was looking for a hotel. We stayed at Breezes Punta Cana for 2 weeks from March 16th 06 - 30th March.My husband and I had an excellent time. Our room was upgraded on arrival so the room was really nice and not dirty or smelly at all (I had taken cleaning wipes and air fresheners just in case)!! Our toilet had a slow leak but we called down and it was fixed (it took a day mind you but then having been to the caribbean on a couple of occassions this is not unusual). And they did leave a fruit basket and bottle of rum with a letter saying sorry.I am a vegetarian so found it much easier to eat in the buffet (Alcazar) as the restaurants (apart from the italian) were just too much like hard work and there was such a good choice at the buffet with a little vegetarian corner It was so much easier. The French restaurant is well worth giving a miss, it was terrible and we had to wait ages (and then I got a plate of vegetables as my main). I did not meet one person who had a good word about this resteraunt.My husband had an upset stomach about twice and me once but mine was from sunstroke as I played Vollyball for 2 hours without a break. Just take some Immodium and you will be fine.The beach is fantastic and you can boogie board every day. The pool area is also really nice with a massive pool. Lots to do if you want activities with beach vollyball and water vollyball etc...We tipped our maid $1 a day and our room and fridge were always clean and stocked up.For the money we paid this place was fantastic, if you want to pay 3 1/2 times more for Sandals (which we did a couple of years ago) then you will get more personal one to one treatment but the rooms and facilities were just as good here!Forget the moaners this is a good holiday and a good resort that is kept immaculate.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Spring break, honest answer       club next to breezes, very fun  
<Date>Apr 23, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lolly002
<Content>Had a great time!       The beach  
<Date>Apr 23, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lulugurl
<Content>Had A Great Time....I don't understand the negative reviews!!       The Beach  
<Date>Apr 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful Grounds but everything else needs some major HELP! My husband and I just returned from a one week stay at Breezes Punta Cana. We went from April 12-19 for a wedding. Upon arrival, we had to stand in a very large line in order to check in. Things seemed quite unorganized but luckily we got in building 6 which was close to the pool and far away from the theatre and lively spots. After about 30 minutes, we were one of 15 couples who got their room key before 4pm. Everyone had to bring their stuff up to our room to store it there until their rooms were available....including the bride! Here is our take on what we saw:Room: Quite old and run down. There were cracks in the walls and and some mold in the bathroom and air-conditioner. We had a king size bed which was okay but the pillows were lumpy and uncomfortable. We had a decent view of the gardens and the ocean so no complaints there. My in-law's room smelled terribly, kind of like sulfur/moth balls/???. Luckily ours was okay.Pool: Very big and warm. It was quite dirty with plastic cups and garbage but the grounds people worked very hard to keep it as clean as they could. Becasue we were there over Easter, many Dominican's visited as a holiday so it was extremely busy. There were lots of lawn chairs around the pool and as long as you were out by about 7:30 or 8:00am, you could pick where you wanted to be. The swim up bar was great and there were lots of activities around the pool area and upbeat music.Ocean: WOW! People do not lie when they say the ocean and beach are beautiful. I have been all over Australia and Thailand and this beach was one of the most beautiful I have seen. It is quite rough though and often there is alot of seaweed coming in with the waves but if you are lucky enough to see it on a calm day like we were, it is absolutely amazing!Food: YUK! I am not what I would call a picky eater but this food was some of the worst I have ever had. The chicken on the BBQ around the pool was okay for the first couple of days but became very monotonous. The chicken was very dry and at times hard as a rock. There was very little choice at that restaurant and more at the large buffet. The pool restaurant is the same everyday and is pretty gross. The main buffet is the same stuff over and over again. If chicken/beef/fish is left over one day, it will show up in a dish the next day, just with a different name. The smells started to make us sick towards the end. There is a pretty good buffet for breakfast with omelettes, bacon, smoothies etc. but that's the only good part of the day. One thing I will rave about is their bread. It is freshly baked and always a variety like rye, pumpernickel, whole wheat etc. I lived on that and pineapple. The display of food is not like other resorts I have been too. Usually there are great displays of fruit but not here. The food really puts a damper on your vacation!The a la carte restaurants were the only good thing about the food. The italien was awesome. We ate there our last night and wished we had eaten there every night. Japanese was pretty good. The wedding reception was at Paris and it was good as well. Great dessert at the restaurants.Drinks: Endless...bailey's, kahluah etc. The service is pretty slow at times but it is a really big and busy resort so it is to be expected. Overall, our expereince here was good but only because of the company we held. We had so much fun with our grooup and enjoyed the pool, beach and scenery but the rest needed to be better. There were 31 of us in total and about 15 of us ended up getting major diarrhea the last 3-4 days of our trip. Myself and 3 others ended up with colds and lost our voices completely. We think it had to do with the mold in the air-conditioners but aren't sure. The wedding we attended was beautiful and the coordinators did a great job. Breezes is a beautiful spot...the grounds are impecable but because of the food and the rooms, I would not return. If they give it a major makeover and hire new chefs, I would consider it because of the sheer beauty of the property.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Sick, sick, sick! We went as a group to stay at Breezes in Punta Cana for a week. I'll start with the positives - the beach was very beautiful and the ocean was great for swimming! The staff were also very friendly and accomodating. However...I would NOT recommend this resort, mostly based on the food and the rooms - both very important when you go on holidays! I think almost EVERYONE in our group got sick - traveler's diarrhea that lasted at least three days... and the entire time I just ate cooked vegetables, well cooked chicken, pasta and breads, and bottled water. Being as safe as possible (not that there was any more variety and/or quality to choose from) I still got really sick. Not nice having to fly home feeling like that- and go back to work STILL feeling like that! I had to take antibiotics to get rid of it, and some who haven't are still in the washroom right now. The other issue was the rooms - the beds were hard as could be and the washrooms covered with black mold.Overall, I've never been so happy to get on a plane and go home!!! Never again- you couldn't pay me to go back.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Freshen up on your spanish before going here.... I just returned from my vacation to Punta and I stayed at the Breezes resort from April 12th ?15th. We had many upsetting experiences that we encountered on our stay. To start off, I want to say that the transfers between the hotel and airport were perfect. Our flight landed on time and our bus was waiting for us when we arrived. We briefly waited for another couple to join us and we were off. We arrived at the hotel around 12:30 PM and went right to the front desk to check in. We were greeted by a gentleman who didn give us any information, he just handed us a packet, checked us in, said something neither of us understood, pointed down a hallway and he was done. We started walking towards an elevator while lugging 3 suitcases behind us. No one got us a bellman for our journey to the room. We went from floor to floor trying to find our room, but the signs were confusing and we couldn figure it out. We went back down to the front desk where the same man pointed to the bellman stand. Finally we had someone take us to our room. Once there, we realized that the comforters had crumbs or some sort of dirt on them, the view we had faced nothing and the location of the room was down a scary corridor, not to mention that the door next to us had a not so nice racial expletive carved into the door. We promptly decided to request a room change. When we went back to the front desk, the woman didn understand why we wanted to change, however gave us a key to check out another room. A very nice and patient bellman walked us to that room, which at least was a closer walk to most amenities and had a pool view (although it was below the main level down 2 flights of stairs, with no elevator access). We decided to switch. Once we finally got settled, we realized that the TV had no remote control (which we never did receive). When we got up to put the TV on, we realized we had no power. We called the front desk and they said they would send someone. A  hour passed and no one came to our room to check the power. We called the front desk again and they said they would send housekeeping?? I went to get into bed to lay down and I noticed a smell when I pulled down the comforter. To my disgust, when I looked at the sheets, there was a feces stain on it. With this, housekeeping came to the door and couldn understand us when we told them of the power until we starting flicking the switches. Apparently a card needed to be inserted in the wall that we knew nothing of. We then tried explaining to them that I needed the sheets changed. Again they didn understand until we showed them the stain. I also asked for the pillowcases to be changed and after she changed the sheets, she left the room. I ran down the hallway after her and she said she be back. We waited another  hour for pillowcases. At this point, we were starving so decided to check out the buffet. I should mention that on every occasion that we went to the buffet, there were flies all over the food, and the variety of the food never changed daily, and what we did try was tasteless in my opinion. We were able to get a reservation for dinner that night at the Italian restaurant, although upon check-in, they only gave us a reservation for one night, the next night. So we were lucky enough to have dinner at 9:30 PM. The dinner that night and every night for that matter at the specialty restaurants were good, however the process of making the reservation was very frustrating. They tell you that you must go daily to the front desk to make the reservation. The desk opens at 9 AM. We were there one morning at 9:30 AM and there was a sign saying that all restaurants were full for that night? Ironically we went back later in the day to find a gentleman making reservations for his entire stay. I asked the lady at the desk why I was told that we had to come every day to do that, and she gave me some sort of excuse that made no sense. Funny thing is that she happened to find us a reservation for that night, even though the sign was still up saying that all restaurants were full. We found the front desk staff to be very unhelpful, rude and barely able to communicate. While I understand that we were in another country where English is not the primary language, I would have thought that they would know enough to communicate with tourists. Instead, they didn even understand the word ater? and at every restaurant we went to, wouldn give you your food/beverage until you answered them in Spanish. I felt like I was being quizzed every night. I do want to mention that the beach was beautiful, the pool was well taken care of and the premises of the resort were very nice. The entertainment crew and dancers were great, and we had a great time at the dance club every night. We also visited the spa, which was enjoyable. We did have an invitation to meet with our Apple representative the day after we arrived at 5 PM. We were with him for a total of about 10 minutes. He had little knowledge, and we repeatedly had to tell him our departure date. He mentioned all of the water sports that were available, but then said they don recommend them because they are dangerous, he then said they weren even available because it was Easter week and they weren operating. He didn ask us any questions about our stay as of that point. On our last day, I was previously told to call the morning of departure to request a late check out. If available, we could pay an additional $30 for 3 PM checkout or $50 for 5 PM checkout. If it wasn available they would give us a hospitality room for a  hour to freshen up. So I called that morning, and they told me I had to come to the front desk. When we got there, the woman we spoke with told us late checkout wasn available. She then asked her supervisor and he promptly also said no, and didn offer a courtesy suite. I then told him what I stated above about paying the additional fee for the extra time, and he quickly said k, you pay the cashier $50 before noon? I thought it was funny that once I offered to pay the money, it became available. When we got back to our room later in the day, our room was never cleaned and we didn have fresh towels. We tracked down a housekeeper to give us 2 towels, despite her frustration because it wasn time for fresh towels yet (this occurred every day- new towels were not delivered until the evening). We then called the front desk to request a bellman to come get our bags. We waited for 20 minutes, called again, waited another 10 minutes and no one came. So we drug our 3 suitcase up 2 flights of stairs to check out. Our main complaint was the food, the lack of availability of the restaurants (we ate at the same Mexican restaurant 2 nights in a row) and the housekeeping and front desk staff. I have to say that I have been on many vacations, to many islands and have never experienced any of this. This was my first all inclusive vacation and I feel like I don know what I paid for, so to me, it felt like wasted money for all the food and watered down drinks I can get. I will never recommend Punta Cana to anyone, nor will I ever stay at another Breezes Resort again.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2006
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>melkor
<Content>Great but at a last minute price... My girlfriend and I, were at the Breezes Punta Cana in the Dominican Republic from march 26 to april the 2sd. It was a nice vacation, we got a last minute price at 1280$cdn each and I think it is worth that price and no more, I would have been a bit angry if I had paid the regular around 2000$cdn. We flew Air Transat, it was ok, the seats are tight, the Subway sandwiches are an improvement from before but what is important is that their airplane fleet is brand new and so security is the most important factor in the choice of an airline for me.Arriving at the hotel the check in was a bit long since we were many to arrive, we got a nice room, although we had to wait an extra 30 minutes because it wasn't ready yet (at almost 4 o'clock pm and check in is at 3). You either get pool or garden view, sections 6 and 7 are the best with part beach view from the balcony. The air conditionning in the room was pretty weak and the general condition of the hotel is not perfect. It seems used a bit for a less than 5 years old hotel. The 2 fountains in the hotel were not working although maybe it was a water saving reason perhaps? NEVER, EVER use your credit card to place a call, my girlfriend did and she got charged a 100$cdn on her Visa for a 5 minutes call to Montreal. The restaurant reservation system is a bit complicated. They make 3 reservations for you upon arrival which you can change depending on availability if you go to the check in counter between 9 am and 3 pm. So basically the best way to do it, if you want to do all 6 restaurants, is to go there in the morning at 9am (waited about 45 minutes) and take reservations for the 3 you can on the last 3 days of your trip (preferrably the italian, french and japanese which are the best), take another on this night and you only have to show up the 2 next days if you want to try the 2 last ones, you may show up after 10 am after if you don't care about eating after 8:30pm and you won't have to wait. The japanese is by far the best one followed by the italian and french ones and then your pick between the dominican and mexican. The seafood/grill was my biggest disapointment the lobster was burned up and tasteless, the seafood entre was made of small bits of seafood...The beach is beautiful but my god are people not clean it's not because you are on vacation that a beach is a dump. If you don't like waves go to a bavaro beach resort for on macao beach the waves are strong. Do not forget to tip reasonnably for these people are poor.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Family Vacation Our family (husband/wife boy 15, girl 13) just returned from Breezes. We were there with another family (husband/wife girls 17, 15  13). We all had a fantastic time. Kids were ready to come home though. Parents could have stayed for a few more days... Food was ok, not fantastic but certainly not terrible. Remember people you are going to a third world country... Hotel room was fine, beds were comfy, sheets were a little rough but nothing to get alarmed about. Rooms smell a bit musty, air freshener is a good idea. No clock in the room so don't forget to bring a travel one (you only need it on the last day though...) Photos at the beach - if you have kids, tell them to get their photos taken together with the birds, and monkeys and iguanas, that way you don't have 17 pictures to buy at the end of the trip. AND anyone can buy those photos on the wall so think about where they may end up. Do get a group photo - they have some cool ones on display in the photo shop. The one hour snorkelling trip was good and long enough for kids - don't forget to take some bread with you to attract the fish. The sellers in the market start really, really high. You should go down to about a third of what they show you on the first run of the calculator. We travelled Air Transat and it was fine - long wait in the airport to depart but ola. Our guide suggeseted we buy cigars and jewellery only at a place she suggested. Methinks thats a ripoff. We did buy some nice stuff but they also have some real silver in the market and you can get it for cheaper. You just need to barter and be diligent, look for the 925 stamp on the back of the jewellery. The airport has a little display with some not bad jewellery but they take cash only. good way to use up any extra US dollars. Take a small bikini, get up early to get a tiki hut and have a blast. We'd go back again in a heartbeat.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Our first experience = ok! We were at Breezes from Apr. 3 to the 11th. (3 couples)My expectations for this trip were not extreme. We had some friends that went there a couple a years ago and told us that it was ok. We were prepared. This was the first south vacation for all of us.... Beach: WONDERFULL. It was so nice. White sands, blue water ... there was some waves that made it more fun. Rooms: The rooms, I was not impressed. We were on the same floor, some days we didn get our towels, the other days, the toilets wasn working in some of the rooms (no flushing), the telephone didn work one morning, the water kept changing in the shower from hot to cold. There is one morning; the maid didn nock on the door and just barged in and then when she saw someone.. She left.. It was 9h in the morning... so we have no idea was she pas doing there. We found a Cockroach in one of the cabinets. (but... we had our patio door open almost all the time so I can see were it came from)There was a hole in the wall.. on top of the light fixture so I can see in the other room. :S ... So.. My opinion on the rooms.. Not good. Food: The food was not that bad. I am a fussy eater and I didn starve. We went to 3 a la Carte supers. French, Italian and Mexican... and I have no complaints. They were good. The buffet had different varieties...(meat, pasta, kids menu, salad, bread) I loved the breakfast.. Omelet bar; fruits, meat, croissants, cereals... very good. But.. Nothing like a home cooked meal.. hahaStaff: We do not have any complaints about the staff.. I didn expect the be treated like queens and kings. Its like I read in the other reviews.. They are not our slaves. They are very busy so I understood if it took a extra minute to be served. We made friends with one of the entertainer/dancer. His name was Chapel. He was so nice... sincerely nice (he wasn selling anything) haha.. Excursions: We went on 3 excursions. The first one was in a buggy; it was ok. We paid 50$US it took us 3-4h.. we were driving on the streets with a guide. We really got to see the village. The second one was Catamaran.. we paid 89$US..we booked with our AirTransat rep. We had a 2h30 hours bus ride to get to the catamaran...i didn really enjoy it. We didn get the chance to sit on the net because there were too many people on the boat. There was some interesting entertainer on the boat. And again.. 2h30 bus ride to go back to the resort. I wouldn go again for sure. We also, did some Snorkeling; James Bond tour. It was great. We had 2 seated speed boats to get to the spot then we did half and hour of snorkeling with a guide for every couple. It was great. He was really nice.Coming back from our vacation on Monday night. On the bus and plane ride back home; 12 peoples were sick from Breezes. We still do not know if it was food poisoning or what... the plane ride was long with all those people getting sick.I would recommend this resort for some first timers like us... it was ok for our first trip. :)  
<Date>Apr 13, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>cant wait to get back there! When we booked this holiday we could couldn't believe how reasonably priced it was. about 2 weeks before we were departing saw this hotel on a program similar to holidays from hell. people were in hospital on drips, the rooms were falling apart and the restaurants were run down. we were so upset after seeing this we tried to change our holiday with Thomson but no one would help us. they told us that the hotel had since been taken over and it had passed the quality standards and was still scored as a 5* hotel. we decide to be open minded and went. when we got there all was fine. we checked into our room which was fresh and clean. it was like paradise. the beach and pool were fantastic to relax by. the food was wonderful. the japanese was our favourite followed by the french. we had a problem with our air con in our room after 3 days of our 2 week hoilday but Lisa our thomson rep was great, she moved us to what seemed like an upgraded room. there were lots of weddings, one every night for 6 days. the atmosphere was so alive and the staff catered for you every need. if you go... travel to saona island and visita ocean world in punta plata (North to swim with the dolphins, once in a lifetime experiance. we cant wait to book up for this year. our friend are off in May 06 as we loved it so much!  
<Date>Apr 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Motomom243
<Content>Won't be going back I'm a pretty positive person so before I left I read the reviews but took the negative ones lightly, thinking a vacation is what you make it. Well, I have to say I wasn't that impressed with Breezes. Here's the positives: The beach was awesome, the pool was great and the Japanese and Italian restaurants were wonderful. Here's the main negative: The rooms, the first room we had was in building 7 and it was quiet but very small for two adults and 2 children and the view was of the hotel next door. Our bellman went to call to ask if we could switch to a suite but the phone was broke so he got us a new phone and when he asked they said there were none available, well, as we walked passed the front desk later a couple asked and got one, then we went back the next day and they again said no so I decided to wait until that particular employee was not working and guess what, I got one. They said come down at 10 am tomorrow and we'll switch you, well guess who was working at 10 am and he said no again. I'm not one to push anything, I just kind of accept things the way they are and go with the flow but this time I felt pretty mad so when I insisted that someone tell me how that was possible, they gave me the suite ($50.00 extra a night but well worth it!). I thought the front desk was VERY rude. Well I guess you get what you ask for because the suite was great in size, awesome view but very loud. You can hear all the lobby noise and the live band play like they're in your room. That was building 3. It was actually funny because I took notes from other reviews before I left and forgot about them and when my husband opened my travel book he asked if I was writing down everything to write a review and I said no they were from other reveiws, well guess what, they were exactly what we experienced.We tipped the maids (I do the same everywhere I go) and had no problems with the rooms being cleaned or towels. We also had no problem with hot water. We didn't see any bugs except the many flies that surround you at the buffet meals, but you are kind of eating outside so whatever. None of us got sick, just be sure to use the bottled water in your rooms to brush your teeth AND rinse your toothbrush. Oh yeah, also be careful of walking around without shoes...I know it's a beach, pool resort, but i got glass stuck in my foot twice and the last time it was pretty bad, so just be careful.Overall, we had a nice time, very relaxing. At night we played pool and cards with the kids. We watched a few shows and they were fine. As far as the food goes, we all like different food and we all found things to eat. The fries were great, the breads were great, the fruit kind of hit and miss and the same with the pasta. Some nights the pastas were awesome and others they were okay. The drinks were also hit and miss. My husband and I stayed at the Catalonia (without our kids) 5 years ago and I would go there before I would go back to Breezes. Breezes was, however, better with kids. The trapeze thing was great. The guys working there were really great with my daughter and she loved that. I also think it is better to go with a group of friends to a place like that. If you're going, have a great time, I didn't think it was terrrible, just room for improvement.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2006
<Rating>3	3	1	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just ok Hi, we have just returned from a week to Breezes Punta Cana. First, I'd like to say that I was very disappointed. We were 2 couples in their 30's and this was my 5th trip in Dominican Republic. Grounds: The hotel needs to be refreshed....it is getting old anbd it shows...Rooms: When we got there, they gave us a room in building #2 next to the Casino door and in front of the theatre. VERY LOUD!!! I think this was the worst room in their complexe. Very humid, old, matress was so thin, no boxspring and it smelled. The next day, we asked for another room and after 3 hours of negociation we got a room in the same building #2 but top floor, ocean view, cathedrale ceiling, bigger...but this time it rained in our room...So the third day we asked for another room and finally got one in bulding #6 which was refreshed last year. This time we had a bigger tv, king size bed and it was less noisy. POOL: Looked larger in the magazines... Difficult to get chairs around the pool because people leave their towels on chairs all day and show up around 3. So, get up at 6h30.BEACH: Beautiful, white sand, a lot of waves...strong water in that area.FOOD: We ate at the a la carte restaurants every night.... The bests were Japonaise and Italien. This hotel is a 3 star not a 4 star because it is getting old and needs to be refreshed...  
<Date>Apr 8, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>ignore all the moaners this hotel is fantastic       our wedding  
<Date>Apr 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>doudou40
<Content>Juste loved it !!!       View from my room  
<Date>Apr 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't even think I'll send my friends there First off all not even a 3 and a half hotel. Its my first time to Breezes Punta Cana, but not the first time to Punta Cana. My 10th. Its the first time I can complain about this.The hotel is huge and no matter what room you have there is always noise at all hours. I had a room in front of the pool. I have traveled with a small child and he usually sleeps at 4.00 pm. There was always noise coming from everywhere. People in other rooms complained about noise there too: coming from the kitchen in the morning at 5-6 am, coming from the theatre at night, coming from the lobby where the band was playing, coming from the Mexican Restaurant opened 24 hours, coming from the water heater outside the hotel, everywhere. So why bother changing rooms. During my stay, the maid cleaned my room only once (once in 7 days). Everyday had to make a call to the guest services for more towels. The beds are hard, the sheets are fitly and the bathroom door never closed. Hot water was did not exist during my stay. The food is ok, but always the same. No varietynd believe me I have been to the Caribbean lots of times. After 7 days I was glad or the first timehat I was leaving. I couldn wait. The restaurant is dirty. If you request something like water or juice when you sit at a table, you either forget about it or you go and get it yourself. There were lots of waiters but all they did was talking to each other, or just cleaning the table after you leave. The tips were not recommended at this hotel, but if you don tip, you will wait long long long time to get served anywhere. At the Mini Club the kids can ran outside at any time as the ladies that are working there are more concerned about you leaving them something when you leave, then making sure the children have a good time. The show for them was awful. And they never smile or try to make the kids welcome. The pool is dirty, they are cleaning the tiles in the morning with you in the water and you can smell the substance they are using for this. The bars are always running out of your favorite drink like Baileys and you have to run from bar to bar to see with one received it that day. The adults show is laud and there is always same theme, even if the name is different. The entertainment team is always looking for things from the guest and they don deliver anything, they are just making fun of you.In the airplane I heard same comments as mine and everybody was disappointed. There were people coming for the second time and they said that this hotel is not what is used to be. It getting worse.The resort is nice, the sand is beautiful but in that area there are always waves. You can enjoy a swim in the ocean, you always have to be careful and have somebody with you all the times. My opinion?.use your money wiselyts yours and its your vacations after all.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2006
<Rating>1	2	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>just returned hi, we have just returned from one week at breezes punta cana. we flew from london for one week. all we wanted was to chill out for a week in the sunshine. on the whole we had a good holiday. the facilities at the hotel are great, ice skating, trapeeze, trampoline plus all the water sports, disco etc.our room was a standard room, our iron was broken when we arrived and our tv remote needed a code which we hadn,t been told about also the lock for our safe didn,t fit. not major things i know but when you,ve been travelling for 12 hours you hope everything will be in order. luckily for us our rep lisa from thomson holidays was fantastic. we were upgrated to a sea view room to apologise for the problems! we went to the japanese retaurant which we both really enjoyed and the italian which was also very nice. they are air conditioned and you do feel as though you are away from the main hotel. the rooms were exactly as we imagined, two beds, cd player, tv, safe, mini fridge with free water and soft drinks. the bathroom was clean and spacious.the beach was nice, we always found sunbeds without much problem.the pool area was nice, it was a bit crowded some days.the activities and entertainment were good. from rock climbing, yoga and aqua dance to spanish lessons and ice hockey!! the choice of restaurants were good and you could pretty much have you meals at any time of the day or night.the only down side that we found was the service!!we have travelled all over the world and i know that sometimes you have to relax and things take a little longer in some countries.i felt that the service at super clubs breezes was something that could have been made better so easily. in the reception and in the main retaurant there were always plenty of staff, but it was like they just couldn,t get organised to do simple things. on several occasions we asked for drinks or cutlery and had to ask two, three or four times before we got them. simple things like that start to bug most people. at times we felt that there were a lot of communication problems. the service was the only thing that i could say i was unhappy about.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Food was just plain awful FOOD WAS JUST PLAIN AWFUL. There is simply no other way to describe it. I know there are some people who are never satisfied. I am not one of them. We were booked for seven days and left after three days to go to a different hotel. There was literally nothing to eat that was enjoyable. Our lunch by the third day was oreo cookies and potato chips from the store. Even the burgers were dried up and gross.The elevators did not work and we were on the fourth floor. There was no hot water in the room. Rooms were tiny. The gym had equipment that was twenty years old. Just a miserable time.What is most disturbing is that we paid over $4,200.00 for the one week all inclusive (wife and I). It was not cheap! There are many better places in the Dominican like Secrets Excellence for one.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>frantic291
<Content>Disappointed I am a five time visitor to this property. This past trip was the first time since Super Clubs took over the resort. While tipping is discouraged it produces remarkable results. The beach and pool area are kept in top condition.The reception staff were very accommodating as were the ground and security people. However the main dining wasn't just dirty it was filthy.Every table came with a compliment of flies. Food that had fallen to the floor at breakfast was still there at dinner.This is truly a shame as this place is basically very beautiful. I don't think I would go back or use any other Super Club property.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2006
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I'd Go Back There....But Just For The Beach We have just returned from a very relaxing 1 week stay at Breezes. We went there with a open mind after reading some of the reviews and were overall pleased with the hotel. We encountered a few of the problems that other guests have noted on this review site, but generally there was nothing that I would say was cause for complaint.The rooms were spacious and ours had a great view of the gardens and part of the beach (even though we didn't pay for a sea view!!!) The room was always well cleaned and towels changed as and when requested - You do need to leave them in the bath though, they don't just change them daily unless you want them changed!!The grounds of the hotel were immaculate - There must have been more maintenance staff than guests there because day and night we saw staff busy keeping the grounds clean and presentable.The beach......One of the best I've ever seen. The sea was always warm - A little rough at times, always keep one eye on the waves coming in behind you and don't get caught out like I did and get knocked over by one! (I'm sure it's not healthy to drink as muck seawater as I did that afternoon!) If you prefer a little piece and quiet while sunning yourself, stay to the left of the water sports centre - there is no more than 15 sun lounger down that end. The other end of the beach, nearest the pool end of the hotel is much noisier with lots of kids.The pool was ok, the service at the swim up bar was very slow. The pool area did get quite rowdy come about 3pm with the entertainment people doing games, playing music etc...I loved the fact that one of the larger restaurants was situated right on the pool side, so it was never far to walk for a snack or a drink. The food at this restaurant was generally ok, the BBQ food was quite often very dry and tasted like it had been sitting on the grill a while.The lobby bars were quite often very busy in the evening and it was often very hard to get served. We preferred to go to the beach bar by the pool, it was much quieter down there and you would be served immediately - The staff down there actually looked happy and relaxed unlike some of the other staff around the hotel. Like the service and food in the restaurants, it was very hit and miss with the staff. Some couldn't do enough for you, some wouldn't even acknowledge you!The main restaurant - Alcazar (we kept calling it Alcatraz because basically you can imagine that the food the served in there was of the same standard they would serve in prison!!!) There was little choice for such a big restaurant and the table allocation was a disaster!! You have to go in and take what ever table is empty and clean - which is hard to do. So you end up spending quite a while wondering around trying to find somewhere to eat. And when you do eventually sit down, you can be expected to wait up to 20 mins to get some drinks served! The food was quite often bland and dry. If you can, try and get booked in to either the Japanese or the Italian restaurant - The service and the food were outstanding in both of these. We did also visit the French restaurant, and the service here was terrible. Food is ok, but nothing special.The food and drink aspect, although quite an important one was the only let down at this hotel. We kept reminding ourselves of the amount of people they cater for on a daily basis, but they shouldn't be classed as a 4* if they can't keep to those standards expected. Overall the hotel itself met our expectations and we did have a very nice time. But the food and the service were a big let down. Personally I wouldn't return to this hotel.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2006
<Rating>3	3	5	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It was the Best !!!! I just got back from Breezes sunday and I can tell you it was great ! I have been to alot of places and this was the best hotel ..very clean ..The beach is amazing and the staff was also very nice ..you have to keep in mind that they are not alloweed to take tip so they might be just a little bit less nicer then the people in cuba ! As for the rest there is alot to do ..The trapeze was alot of fun ..You have to try it ....If you are reading the reviews because you are leaving to go to this hotel I will assure you ..you have made a good choice ! Before I left I keeped reading the reviews and was kinda scared but I was very pleased over there ! Have a wonderful vacation ....  
<Date>Mar 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Some positives, many negatives I had been to Breezes Jamaica and thought it was great, so I assumed the Punta Cana resort would probably offer the same great stay... Wrong!! POSITIVES1) Beach was awesome, best I've ever been too2) A la carte restaurants were pretty good (Italian, Japanese, Dominican)3) Disco was pretty good--I liked that they put their cultures music into everything instead of playing all American musicNEGATIVES1) The hot water in the shower was non-existent,2) We had to ask for face towels EVERY SINGLE DAY--they never left any unless we called guest services3) Entertainment sucked big time--lip singing and weird dancers, it sucked big time4) Patio door wouldn't open for a couple of days5) Sheets were very rough6) Drinks are not top shelf and weak--I didn't get a buzz the whole time I was there and eventually I gave up the last 2 daysSo overall, if it weren't for the beach, disco, and a la carte restaurants, this tay would've sucked big time. I will definitely go back to the Dominican Republic; however, I will NEVER go back to Breezes Punta Cana  
<Date>Mar 29, 2006
<Rating>2	1	1	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>EevaFinland
<Content>Wouldn't go there again, especially during EASTER       Pool is nice, a bit dirty  
<Date>Mar 28, 2006
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>italchef
<Content>Great family vacation Our family of 4 stayed here from march 9-16. I had read all the reviews on here and was a bit nervous because of the negative ones, but I can assure you that there was nothing bad to say about it. We found the service to be very good and the staff at the hotel nice and accomadating. I think that if you treat them with respect just by saying hello and saying please and thank you, it makes the world of difference. Our room was lovely even though it looked over the amphitheater down below. The shows that they had ranged from ok to dreadfull. The only saving grace was that they ended by 10:30 or so. Luckily, the kids were so tired from swimming and frolicking on the beach all day, that they fell asleep right away and slept through it all. One big issue that I've read about is the food. Many have said that they, or someone they know has gotten sick. I'm a chef by trade and this is what I have to say. Everything that I saw was cooked properly and thoroughly. Hot items were kept in inserts on top of boiling water. Cold items were kept on top of ice. All were continually replenished several times throughout the course of the evening. The kitchen staff were well trained in food handling and I saw no evidence of cross contamination. One must be careful in your rooms and brush and clean your toothbrush with bottled water which is available 24/7. The food was good, not great, but good and the buffet had alot of variety. The restaurants have small menus but for us it was just a matter of wanting to be served a meal instead of having to do the buffet thing. The hotel despite being so large, catered to the guests well and we didn't feel like we had to wait too long for anything. Drinks were plentiful and the front desk and concierge were very nice and took care of any questions we had....And the beach? WOW! Beautiful sand, nice waves to play in, boogie boards on loan, just gorgeous. Had a great time, would recommend it to anyone.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>jeffrolew
<Content>awesome!! you complainers just got back from breezes punta cana. stayed march 15 through march 22. been to maui, aruba, cancun, key west and many more. spent a whole lot more $$ too. this was the best place my wife and i have been to. the pool is kick ***. the beach is awesome. the room is ok, but only was there for sleep, shower, love. the food is obviously differant than you are used too. if don't have you own maids you'll be fine. be adventerous try everthing you'll find something you like. the buffet breakfast and dinner are good, plenty to choose from. beach/pool grill bbq pork chops and chicken was excellent, just like your own back yard(HA HA). japanese specialty entertaining and excellent food. italian speciality excellent. conuco(dominican) i did not care for. i never was hungry, ate tons, and DID NOT get sick. jose at the towell shack is awesome. j.c. aka juan carlos del los santos, the pool dance-game coordinator is kick *** talk to him he'll hook you up with a fun time. jhonny the beach bartender is graet also. many nice people. some speak english, some don't. imagine that how come they all can't speak your language?? they all smile genuinely and appreciate your kindness!!enjoy breezes punt cana and your life! i am going back soon with my whole family  
<Date>Mar 24, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It was OK We were six girls. We stayed in two different rooms. I had initially called and requested we be next to each other. We didn't get that. But that was ok. Next, the FOOD was bad! None of us got sick or anything, we just didn't enjoy it. Too much variety and none of it went together. Add lots of salt and pepper. They didn't have much of a salad if you didn't like anything else. The breakfast omelettes were the only good thing. So eat a good breakfast b/c by the time you hit the pool/beach and get hungry for lunch, you won't like anything. The hamburgers were OK. French fries were the only good thing. The drinks by the pool were soooo weak. Didn't catch a buzz the whole time. The dinner at the buffet was horrible. Flies everywhere inside and out by the food. The specialty restaurants were bad too if you could get a reservation. You have to go down to the desk the day of if you want to change your resesrvations. Their service was pretty bad. The Japenese restaurant, Munasan, was ok. The seafood restuarant, Marlin, was awful. Smelled really bad. The Martino was ok, except their service was bad. They ran out of all desserts and only had chocolate ice cream. The waiter started kickin in an attitude. The casino was fun, very rude dealers, but FUN! The disco was boring, playing commericals on the tv while music is going. Again, the drinks are weak. No top shelf liquor. The cleanliness was good. The only thing was they give you three towels per room. Each girl needs at least two towels, one for hair and one for body. we called and requested some and waited 3 hours one night and 5 the next. So have plenty of towels available before hitting the showers. The beds were ok, I brought my own sheets. The bathtub was backing up a lot. Never left the resort area. The beach and pool were nice. Had fun amongst ourselves, but other than that, I would never stay at this resort again b/c I am a food person, and I wanted to eat and drink exceptionally well considering how much we paid for a four day all inclusive vacation. Brush up on your spanish b/c NOBODY speaks english.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>OntarioCanuck
<Content>A good hotel with a great beach, trapeze great, snorkelling poor I agree with most of what Medicine Hat, Alberta review said so I'll be brief.This is an average resort by price and good quality for the price I think. Food on buffet was good but lacked imagination on speciality nights.Similarily the speciality restaurants lacked that extra charm or service I was hoping for, the Japanese was the best, Italian good, paris and Dominican fair.Rooms good, service good.The snorkelling was LOUSY but I am spoiled, it is one of my passions and this area lacks any good sites.BEAcH was great for me, especially being on end of chain of hotels. Turn left and you can walk for miles with few people especially at dawn or dusk as the waves crash. It was great. My wife is a trapeze nut (hence why we ended up there) and after about 7 years of not doing it she tried it again with great success. It is like an addiction to her and the staff was pretty good.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Repulsive Check in took 2 hours. The food was not edible. I mean it was really not for human consumption. The table clothes were filthy. People were getting sick on the food. The liquor is not top shelve, it's cheap, no name brands. The safe in the room was broken. The toilet backed up and the plumber took 4 hours to come to repair it. No hot water for 2 days. Maid service came after 4 pm. The internet cafe has computers that are from the dinosaur age with broken keys, and the room is dimly lit. 2 radios in the room and neither worked. Casino has no crap tables and has sucker keno game, they try to induce you to pay and could cost you a bundle. The only positives were the curteous staff, pretty grounds, nice beach and pool. Would never recommend this resort and will certainly not be returning.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good but could be better Just returned from Breezes Punta Cana on 13 March. The resort is Beautiful, the pool is great and the beach is one of the best. We have been to Breezes in Jamaica twice and decided to try what was billed as Breezes biggest and best. It was a good week but compared to Jamaica it was a disappointment. As I said, the resort is beautiful and spotless. The food in the specialty restaurants was good if you could get a reservation, but the buffet left a lot to be decided. The activities were weak at best and sometimes nonexistent even though they were on the schedule. The entertainment was some of the worst we have seen; Nothing but lipsinging and a bunch of jumping around. You would think a resort of this size, especially during peak season, could get some decent entertainment. The staff was helpful but aside from the bartenders and some of the waitstaff, not very friendly. My last complaint is about the vendors. They bring in outside vendors to sell their trinkets. If you want to buy something, there is a shopping area about a 15 minute walk from the front gate. If that isn't enough they have the Breezes VIP club people constantly trying to get you to sit through a one hour presentation to buy into a vacation club. We will not be returning to Breezes Punta Cana but definately will go Back to Breezes Runaway Bay, Jamaica.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic 2 week stay!! My wife and I stayed at Breezes between February 21st to March 7th, 2006. It was the best trip we have ever had. We were also there with my brother and his wife. Air Transat was very good to us. Our flight was out of Calgary and the six hours seemed to 'fly' by quickly. The pick up at the airport was quick and we were put on an air conditioned bus and were able to buy some 'presidente' beer for the bus ride to Breezes. It was only about a 40 minute bus ride. The service at Breezes was good. We were given a room in the 500 block (room 5119). It was not a pool side or ocean view room.... but we did not care as we did not spend any time in the room anyway and it was away from what we assumed were noisy areas such as the rooms above the ampi-theatre and the 'Hurricane' Disco. For the entire 14 days that we were there ..... there was only one incident where the maid screwed up in cleaning our room..... i.e. she forgot to give us extra toilet paper. So I simply walked up to a maid and asked for some and they immediately went to our room and left a bag filled with two rolls on our door knob which we noticed when we got back after a great might of socializing.During the day the beach is absolutely AMAZING. We spoke with people from all over the world and the impression I got was that Punta Cana's beaches are some of the best in the world. My wife and I have only been to Mexico (Puerto Vallarta and Mazatland) before this trip and I can say that Punta Cana has WAAAY better beaches. The sand is much 'finer' and the water off the shore is more clear blue.Speaking of the water offshore.... I should emphasize a few things. The beach at Breezes IS amazing especially if you like waves and boogie boarding. IF you like completely calm water off the beach with NO waves, then you can travel about 3.5 hours down the beach (by foot... which is too far to walk).... or you can taxi to the same general area (about a 35 minute drive)and enjoy calmer waters. I say this because some people did not like the waves off the beach. This surprises me because I would much rather have waves than the completely calm waters we experienced when we went on a snorkelling excursion.... but to each their own. But I will say that if your vision of a perfect beach is completely calm waters with no waves (and some days very big waves) crashing against the shore.... you might want to consider a different resort on a different part of the beach.The Dive Centre on the resort is very accommodating. You get one free banana boat ride when you are there. Also, when you can use boogie boards and snorkelling equipment for one hour intervals. Sometimes the stuff is not available but all you have to do is wait a little bit and the boogie boards and snorkelling equipment is constantly being returned.... so the wait is never very long. For that matter, we usually did not have to wait in the first place, but it did occasionally happen. Also, ONE hour on a boogie board is a looong time believe me. Time goes slower in the Dominican. It may seem like an hour has passed but only 10 minutes has gone by. When somebody tell you to relax for 5 minutes 'dominican time' it is code for 'relax for an hour'. Everybody is so easy going there.As for excursions, we went on three:1. Bavarro Runners: We toured the sugar Cane fields, cigar museum, visited a typical Dominican farmer's home and horseback rode and enjoyed the beach at the private Bavarro beach. It was a great way to spend the day. It costs about $80.00 US and was well worth it. It was a good way to get familiar with the surrounding culture and learn something about the dominican way of life.2. Because we were there for two weeks, we had a lot of time to do differnt things.... so we decided to take the trip to Santa Domingo! It is well worth it. Despite having to get up at 5:00 a.m. and leave the resort at 6:00a.m. for a 4 hour drive to Santa Domingo.... it was still amazing. The drive does NOT feel like 4 hours because the tour guide is always talking and the scenery off the highway and roads in unique and interesting. We visited the underground caverns (with stalagtites, stalagnites and 3 fresh water pools), Christopher Columbus' son's home (built in 1509, the oldest church in the Americas (built in 150-1535) and numerous other places.... and finished off the day with shopping in down town Santo Domingo. It was a great opportunity to buy genuine Amber and Laramar jewels that are native to the country. 3. We also took the half day cataraman snorkelling excursion with Lorenzo as our tour guide. It was great. We slowly sailed along the beach on crystal clear and calm waters. We saw starfish and were taken out to an area where we were given bread fo the fish and all the snorkelling equipment we wanted. We saw lots of different kind of fish. The water was 15 to 20 feet deep and very clear right down to the bottom. Great stuff.4. We also para-sailed. My wife and I did it together or tandem as they call it. It was $40.00 for each of us. (It would have been $45 US if we wanted to go separately). In any event, it was an amazing experience. I recommend it to anyone. Also, the guys on the boat take a lot of pictures of you and then you later can buy the pictures which they put on a computer CD for you. You can buy the pictures for $14.00 US. It may sound like a lot but the pictures are amazing and they also include other great aerial shots of the resort and beach.5. The same goes for Banana boating. Personally it is not all that exciting as the driver does NOT try to tip you over. Instead, they take pictures of you and then you can buy them at the Dive Centre later. Don't get me wrong, it IS fun and the pictures are REALLY good (even better than the parasailing ones), but make no mistake, they are making money doing this.The FOOD on the resort is, on average... good, but nothing was what I would describe as exceptional. Well, actually, the fruit is amazing and breakfast was really good with omellets made right in front of you (after you choose from the numerous toppings).... and they have all kinds of different breads for toast.... and the desserts are pretty good. But I will admit that by the end of the two weeks, we were looking forward to getting back to our own diet back home. Again, nothing was bad about the food, but despite the variety of food, we got used to it very quickly and while everything looked fantastic, some of the foods looked better than they tasted. But I do not want to mislead you.... believe me.... ANYBODY who says that the food was horrible is, in my opinion... crazy. There is simply a HUGE variety of it available. Chicken, pork, steak, fruits,vegetables etc etc.... and in all kinds of recipes. You WILL find something you enjoy eating. It may not be the best you have ever had.... but who cares.... it will more than fill your stomach and you will be satisfied. I should add that we took all our shots before we left for our trip. We were innoculated against Hepatitus A and B, Tetanus, Traveller's Diarreah, and we also took malaria pills on a weekly basis. You don't have to take any of these things... but they recommend it before you go. For the entire two weeks we were there, I only had one night where my internal plumbing had to 'adjust' for a couple hours and my wife had a sore stomach for a couple of days.The night life is very sociable. We are Canadian and we met and partied with Canadian and mostly Americans. We met people from TWO wedding parties and were invited to both weddings! Great people and the weddings are truly tropical and beautiful. The resort staff take the 'Cana' leaves and weave them into beautiful arches and set them up on the beach near the dive centre and set up chairs around it for all the people. The resort also supplies a photographer who does a competent job. My brother and his wife had the photographer take some shots of himself and his wife before they left and they turned out great. My wife and I wished we had done the same thing. When you hire the photographer at the resort, you have to agree to spend at least $50.00 US on pictures but believe me, you get a great variety. The photographer takes you around and puts you in different poses on the beach and around the resort. You then go back to the photography centre the nxt day and pick the pictures you like. My brother and his wife got great pictures and they were more than happy to pay $200 for 55 pictures. When you consider what you pay in North America for high quality photography) and black and white and off-color photography.... it is a good deal. And to be clear..... ANY guest at the resort can do this. You do not have to be part of a wedding party. My wife tried the trapeze and loved it. They encourage you to try it at least 3 times by yourself before they will have their own trapeze aerialist catch you off the swinging bar. It is quite something to watch.The mountain climbing on the resort is fun and challenging. Kids seemed to enjoy it the most.I used the gym on the resort for at least 4 mornings during our stay. I think the gym is very well equiped. It has everything you need for a good exercise routine. Free weights, machines and treadmills. Honestly, how many people really expect to have a world class work out routine on vacation! Having said this.... if you are so inclined, the gym always has someone on staff who is more than happy to spot you or give advice on anything exercise related. The pool. Amazing. Huge. Great pool bar. Pool volleyball. Daily resort workers teaching marangai dance lessons and aerobics.... even yoga classes! (We met a couple from Cincinatti who were there for 3 weeks teaching the classes). The Disco. Very loud and somewhat dark, but fun. My wife and I won the dance contest in the bar and received a Breezes T-shirt and a bottle of champagne.Service overall was good. I won't say fantastic as I think it could have been a little faster at the bars. We were smart enough to bring 52 ounce bubba-kegs for our drinks so that we would not have to wait at the bars so long for our drinks (You can get them at Canadian Tire.) The design of the bars in the lobby is not very good. The bars are surrounded by chairs for people to sit on.... which makes it dificult for other people to order.... and the bartenders, while very friendly, do not always seem very fast or efficient. Now... having said this.... I AM NITPICKING HERE. Overall, the service was good and I had no problem getting drunk on those nights when I was so inclined. Honestly, I am simply searching for something to complain about because a trip can't be PERFECT .... can it?Maybe not.... but our stay at Breezes was as close to perfect as we could expect. An absolutely fantastic time and we have memories that will stay with us forever.I must also add that the Air Transat representatives at the resort were fabulous. Veronique and Isabelle were always kind and helpful. We strongly recommend that you partake in the orientation session when you first arrive at the resort. It is usually in the early morning (around 9:00 a.m) and very informative as it explains all the possible excursions and gives helpful advice. No matter what airline you went through, you should try and get some orientation. It is helpful. Having said this, we spoke with many people who did not partake in any orientation and they seemed to have a great time. Thus, orientation is not necessary, but recommended.I can't say enough about this resort. If you have any questions about it, please feel free to email my wife or I at rchornung@shaw.ca. We will be happy to answer any questions or concerns you may have.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>paradise!!!!!!!! Myself and my husband have just returned from our honeymoon at breezes, punta cana. Although suffering jet lag after a turbulent flight we felt we must let you know what a fantastic place we have just been dragged back from.Our room was spotlessly clean, and we had a wonderful room attendent called Eufocia who can create art from hand towels. The staff are all very friendly and helpful they speak more langagues than we knew existed. The Alcazar buffet resturant was spectacular. And the speciallity resturants were out of this world.The entertainment was great and the cocktails were to die for.we Made three excursions whilst on our visit. We went to Dolphin Island, Saona Island and on a carribien festival boat where we snorkled with sharks!!!!!! We would highly recommend all three of them. We read some very bad reviews for this place before we went but we felt we would try it out. We can not belive it was the same hotel they were talking about. We can not complain about anything and would return in a flash.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>pinkflyd34
<Content>Loved it!       FInally got a Break  
<Date>Mar 7, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A great Vacation at Breezes! Just got back from Breezes. We stayed from February 25th - March 4th and had a great time! For the record, I'm 24 and went with my girlfriend who is 22. We arrived around 2 AM and had no problems with check-in. The bellboy took us straight to our room and I don't get all the negative revies about poor rooms. We were in building 5 and our room was just fine. No damage, nice and clean, and the beds were fine for us! I don't even get all the complaints about the rooms because you will not spend any time in your room anyways! You will go there to shower and sleep, and thats about it!The reason we went to this hotel was the beach, and the beach was simply spectacular!! We spend most of our time here and had a blast. I'm an early riser so I would get up early every morning (around 7 or so) and leave our towels under a hut on my way to the gym (which was decent, nothing too special). The waves at the beach are fairly big, which is how I like it! I spent all day playing in the waves either with the boogie board, or my intertube. The sand at the beaches is just amazingly white and beautiful. The beach was well maintained as every morning the staff would rake up all the seaweed and make sure there was no garbage laying around. We didn't spend much time at the pool, but it was also very nice. Very big, and very clean. I just prefer the ocean.Food was fine for me. We didnt have any stomach or problems in that regard. We ate at the buffet pretty much every day for breakfast and dinner, and usually one of the BBQ restaurants at the beach for lunch. The buffet was huge and had a great variety so we always found something to our liking. My girlfriend is a very picky eater and I could tell that on some days she wasn't too thrilled with the food, but every day they have great pasta so she would opt for that if she wasn't impressed with the buffet.We did eat at the italian specialty restaurant one night ant it was great. A four-course meal with no complaints!I found the service at this hotel was spectacular. We had no problems whatsover with service! Everyone was so nice and always did their best to help you out. I don't speak a word of spanish and didn't have any problems communicating. I found that pretty much all the employees there that deal with the tourist speak english well enough. Its the busboys, maintenance people, and anyone else who doesn't have much dealings with the tourists whose english isn't as great. All the bartenders spoke english fine as well. Some of the bars get pretty busy so it may take a few minutes to get a drink but thats the same here in Canada anyways.We spent most of our time on the beach, but are also tennis courts, rock-climbing, trampoline, trapese, beach and pool volleyball, pool, foosball, and many other activities to keep you busy. At night we would usually just find a table near the lobby and sit back and listen to the music and just relax! We watched two shows in the ampitheatre (Circus and Western Show) and they were great! We also went to the Hurricane disco night club and had a great time there. They played a good mix of both disco and modern music.Overall, we had a great time and I would recommend this hotel to others. The reason I chose this hotel was because of the beach, and it did not disappoint. If you have any questions give me an email at dupayne@dlkinsurance.com and I will be happy to answer any questions.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>travel_girl_770
<Content>Loved The Resort!        Me with 2 Parrots  
<Date>Mar 5, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>pc1029
<Content>Room/Casino not much We have just had a very relaxing short trip, 4 nights, 5 days, at Breezes Superclub Hotel  Casino in Punta Cana(Feb.9-13) When we arrived, after an hour ride from the airport, stopping at 3-4 hotels along the way to drop off other vacationers, check-in went very smoothly. (I would recommend getting a taxi unless your transfers are paid in advance.)The pool was fabulous, large and winding with a swim-up bar and lots of lounge chairs to pick your favorite lounging area. Food was available anytime, but I would rate it average. We tried all but the Japanese. Our room smelled very musty, probably from the leaks in the bathroom above our commode, sink and shower/tub. We reported the leaks, but they were never attended to. Every evening when I wanted to use the hair dryer, I never knew if it was going to work or not. They did send someone after the first complaint, but I still had wet hair for dinner. After that, I found the fuse box on our wall and sometimes resetting it, would help, sometimes not. It was a beautiful view of the pool and ocean, though. We love to gamble at the casinos when available, but were disappointed in the Breeze's casino. I played roulette and the spinner/dealer, was so fast, I couldn't get my chips down half the time. There were 2 roulette tables, but usually only one was operating when we were there, and there were 2 black jack tables, and not very many slots to pick from. I think there may have been one carribbean stud table as well. Just not very busy, and the staff didn't seem too friendly or accomodating. I would definitely recommend Punta Cana for the beautiful beach and ocean, but I would try the newer hotels next time.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great for Kids and Mom and Dad Too!       Look up at the palm tree.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't know what the problem is!?!?!?! I really don't know what the problem is with some of the negative reviews of this hotel. Yes, it is very large. Yes, it does get noisy. If you're into having a quiet relaxing moment then no this is not for you. If you are on a vacation, like to meet new people, and don't mind getting to bed at midnight when it gets a little quieter, then this is the resort for you. I have been to the DR five times in the past and all those times have been spent in Puerto Plata, Sosoua, and Cabarete, which are all on the north side of the island. I can say that Punta Cana is in a league of it's own. The flight with Air Transat was long (longer on the way back), but the staff on the plane were very courteous and tried their best to make the flight enjoyable. They were much better than SkyService. The stopover in Peurto Plata was quick and we were back up going to Punta Cana within the hour, and arrived at the Punta Cana airport within 30 minutes. The buses were there to take us to the resort or you could take a taxi for $30US. Next time I will opt for the taxi as one of the buses in front of us broke down and we had to take the people on that bus to their respective resorts. Not too much of a delay but enough to make you a little perturbed that you're not going to reach your destination for another hour or so. We finally made it to the resort, checked in quickly and got a ocean view/pool view room on the 4th floor. The rooms are simple and clean. I wasn't expecting 5 star rooms and they weren't. King size bed, satellite tv, nice balcony to sit on and lots of room to store your clothes. The only time we spent in our rooms was to get changed and sleep anyways. You're not there to sit in your room all day and if you are, you better be sick or allergic to the sun. The pool is massive and bustling with activity as early as 8:00am in the morning, but it's usually with parents and children. The beach was the most beautiful that I have ever seen. Pure white sand and clear blue ocean waters. WOW! There were lots of little fish that would go right by you in the water. It was phenomenal. I can say that it was very hot when we went (Feb 21-28) and you better have at least 30 SFP applied if it's your first day or so. We had pretanned and it was still very easy to get burned.The food was good, not outstanding, but good. The chicken by the pool restaurant was probably the best I've had in a while and the pork was good too. The burgers were okay, and the french fries were very tasty. The a la carte restuarants were good also. The one that sticks out in my mind was the Japanese. The food was the best there. The Italian was quite good and the Domincan one I would say, was last on the list. I did get a little queezy after eating at the french restuarant, but it also could have been the ingestion of the salt water on that day.I didn't get sick or funny bum at any time which was surprising as I do usually have a few issues. I am now convinced that it's not the food that has given it to me in the past, but the salt water from the ocean. My fiance and myself booked this resort to have our wedding. I can say that Mirabel and Melanie, who were the wedding coordinators, were absolutely wonderful. We couldn't have asked for anything more. They were so friendly and sensitive to our needs. I would recommend this resort to anyone. It is the last resort in a long line of resorts so there is alot of free open beach to the left of it that hasn't been developed yet and doesn't appear to have any intention of development. Thanks Breezes, myself, wife, and 15 friends had an awesome time. We'll be back!!Ken Winnipeg,Canada  
<Date>Mar 2, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Brain_big
<Content>Just OK... My wife and I went to Breezes Punta Cana last May 12-20th. Overall, the place was ok. It rained pretty much the entire time while we were there. I found out it was the rainy season later on... We made the best out of it though. The rain is not what made the place just ok. The dinner situation... waiting in line in the rain to make a reservation to eat dinner later on that night s----...I don care how many drinks you have had during the day. We ended up going to the Dominican restaurant many of the nights because you didn have to have a reservation. Most of the bartenders that we encountered were just plain rude. The place is so far out there you really don feel too comfortable leaving the resort. I have been to several all inclusive rating them on scale of one to five, five being outstanding...I rate Breezes Punta Cana a 3...Sandals Grand St. Lucia 4, some of the better food that I have had at an all inclusive. Rooms better than average. Quiet place, not a whole lot to do, but we met people and had a blast. You can go to the other Sandals resorts to eat dinner. It is kind of a nice benefit.Grand Lido Braco Jamaica 4, Food was ok, nothing to brag about. Rooms definitely need some updating.The nude side seemed to be where all the fun was. We had never done that type of thing before. We went over there and had a blast... Except for one stalker dude. He just kept showing up everywhere buggin...Iberostar Tucan Playa Del Carmen 3 1/2 I would have rated it higher but the food is bland no matter what you put on it...The rooms are better than average. Marble showers and marble floors throughout the resort. They have a dance club that is one of the better ones that I have seen at an AI. Don get me wrong it is not like the ones in the states, but it is better than the others I have seen. We also went with eight other people.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2006
<Rating>3	2	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not as bad as the reviews... My husband and I just returned from Breezes. I have travelled all over the world. This is a slighlty above averaage resort with some problems. We took someone elses suggestion on this website and requested building 7 when we booked our trip. It was far enough away from the stages/restaurants that we were not disturbed by noise, except for the music from the neighboring hotel, which was over by 11. We arrived at 11am, and fully expecting not to be able to check in right away (as is custom in most hotels at that hour) we had our bathing suits, etc in our carry on which was readily accessible. Why you would sit in the lobby when you can check out the grounds for a few hours is beyond me, but that is another travellers choice. We knew our room number and walked by it a few times so we knew exactly when it was ready for us. We went back to the front desk and told them it was ready, they made a phone call and we were in our room in 10 minutes, maybe 2pm. Our room was nice, no issues with leaks, yes hot water comes and goes, as it does in most Carribean resorts. The sheets do need to be tossed and replaced, but no pillow issues. We had to ask for clean towels one day, there does seem to be some strange issue with a lack of fresh towels, but a minor inconvienence. Overall, our room was nice, decent size bathroom, nice terrace with a view of garden and ocean. The grounds are gorgeous and meticulously kept. I would say that you should do your best to have dinner every night in the specialty restaurants if you are a picky eater. Don't forget this is an international resort, and there are a lot of foods prepared with Europeans in mind. And that is part of the charm of getting away. I don't understand people who write that there are so many Canadians, or Germans, or whatever...if you only want to vacation with Americans, stay in America! Breakfast was fine, lunch average, dinner average. Deserts are awesome. People in general could be friendlier. Sometimes you feel as though they are doing you a favor by getting you a drink, but a smile and an attempt at Spanish can help. Remember that you are in a foreign country, and not everyone speaks English fluently. Nor should they, you are in their country. Make an effort to learn a few words before you go. Beach and pool are gorgeous, but you need to get up early, ie by 8am, to save yourself a hut on the beach. Overall, I would not go back, but that is simply because I don't like to go to the same place twice. Certainly, Grand Lido in Jamaica is a much nicer place, but for the price, you should be happy if you do not expect the Ritz.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>If you're on a budget, this resort is for you! My husband and I spent 2 weeks at the Breezes resort and really enjoyed ourselves although, we would not go back (only because we like to try new things!). We checked in quite quickly, and scored an oceanview room. The room itself was quite average. The walls are paper thin; we had to endure the sound of our neighbour snoring and arguing with his wife in french at 5AM for the first week and a half. Then a very loud spanish singing and clapping fellow moved in; that was amusing!! We also developed an ant infestation due to leaving an unwashed thermal cup on the dresser that had a Blue Hawaiian drink in it!! Oops!We were pleased with the food, we're not picky people, and thought that the Mexican night at the buffet was the best next to the Japanese a la carte restaurant. We were disappointed with the service considering it is a 4 star resort. When you go to the buffet, I recommend sitting at a table with cutlery and glasses on the table already. The first few nights we sat and stared at our food while waiting for someone to bring us a knife and fork! And if possible, sit close to the bar area, this is where most of the servers are situated and service is much better here because managers stand around this area as well. We were also disappointed with the lobby bar staff. It was hit or miss with the drinks, they ran out of clamato juice and whatever they use to make mudslides, and the orange juice is Tang!! Sometimes the drinks were too weak and sometimes they were way too strong!! We met a few other couples and the other women agreed that the bartenders seem to favour the men over the women for some reason. I'm guessing it's because they think the men have money to tip them and the women don't!The night life isn't very exciting, but you make the best of it. Most nights we walked on the beach and had a few drinks at the bar. Karaoke night was the most entertaining! I suggest staying away from the casino.The pool area was very nice although we didn't spend a lot of time there. The beach was amazing! We've never been to the caribbean before and seen water like this!! We swam everyday except one because the waves were much too big!! I also want to mention that the hotel has an Air Transat office where you book your excursions through. The two girls that work there were very helpful and friendly. They will also exchange your traveller's cheques. I recommend going to the welcome meeting they put on the day after you arrive. They give some really good advice about the resort and the excursions you can go on. If you are on a budget and don't mind putting up with a few minor inconveniences, I would recommend the Breezes resort, but, if you can afford to pay a little extra to stay at a 5 star, it's probably worth it!  
<Date>Feb 27, 2006
<Rating>2	4	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>rte219
<Content>This Resort Is Not For Everyone Good things first:Pool - OutstandingBeach - OutstandingThere is really nothing to complain about with these items as they were spectacular. If I try really hard the only thing I can come up with is that there was poor snorkeling on the Breezes beach. You had to walk about a km to the south to find some coral. Seeing the baracudas 50 yards offshore was quite neat.Now the bad things:Room - pretty bad. The beds and pillows were awful and had a very poor time sleeping all week. The rooms are also very noisy as the walls are paper thin. Also experienced the leaking ceiling in the bathroom and lack of hot water.Service - worst I had seen for an all-inclusive (and I have been to about 10 of them throughout the mexico, central america and caribbean). Now the interesting thing here is that something definately happened by mid-week with the staff. Everyone, and I mean everyone I met, knew, talked with, etc complained non-stop about the staff - it was as if they really did not care about anything. By Wednesday, we saw staff meetings and team meetings with managers and by Thursday the staff had a big smile on their faces and seemed to have a change of heart - for us however, the damage was done and I will rate the serivce by the staff at breezes PC to be the very worst in the world.Drinks - good but not great. We were very disappointed in the fact that fresh fruit was not used in the drinks. We had become so used to Mexico were they actually put in fresh bananas, coconut, etc in the blender. I think because the DR is so big on sugar they prefer to use the pre-mixed sugar syrups instead of fresh fruit. It was a let down. Also, if you are a beer drinker bring your own mug since they give you an 8oz cup to drink beer out of regardless of the bar you go to.The food - average at best. The only special restaurant worth going to is Martino's, the Italian. We went to everyone but the El Marlin (seafood) and I can say with confidence you are better off at the general buffet. They were all highly overrated in the reviews. That coupled with the reservation system makes the specialty restaurants a waste of time. OVERALL - this place gets a 2.5 star in my book. It is great for families or large groups were the activities and ammenties make the environment exciting. For us thirty-somethings looking for quality, fun and excitement, I would say dont go. I guess the Lido Superclubs are a better bet. Breezes is about cheapness and poor quality but do offer the great pool and beach. The final note, it would seem that bout 1/4 to 1/3 of the people in any given group regadless of size (from 4 people to 60 people) get sour stomachs for multiple days. I guess that goes to show you how quality is sacraficed since most of the upset stomachs were from parasites (meaning fecal matter in food from employees not washing hands and re-bottling water from the taps, etc).  
<Date>Feb 26, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>FunInTheSun20
<Content>The Best Beach!       The Pool  
<Date>Feb 24, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>wont go back to that resort We have just returned from Breezes resort spa and casino in Punta Cana. It is sure not what it is made out to be. We arrived at 1 pm and had to set in the lobby till 6 before our room was ready.Whe we did finally get to our room we had no water{ not good after setting in warm clothes all afternoon]Our room was not made up till after 5 and some days not at all.Towels for the beach and pool were scarce because they ran out of them most days.My son got married while we were there and all went well with that, except the wedding cake top that was a gift to the bride, went missing. If you plan to go to the sea food night go early because they ran out of lobster.I have been to four resorts in cuba and DR and this was the worst service I have ever had.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>travelqueenAlberta
<Content>what is the matter with people We went to breezes and i had to write this review when i read some others. People you are one vacation in carribean countries these people the native live in poverty yet i read tons of whining about the hotels. if you want a canadian or american 4 or 5 star then star there. Breezes has an amazing beach and terrific grounds the pool is to die for. The rooms are average they were clean but remember we are in a country of high humitiy so they wont look brand new. You have a great view everywhere. There were nightly shows and the booze was strong enough we had some long walks back to our rooms to prove it. It may not be that fast but your on vacation so chill out besides how quick does your booze come in a packed bar at home? The food is not like our gourmet but breakfast is all fruits, every bread ,cereal, yogart, bacon,ham, potatoes,any egg including and omlete station, pancakes, french toast.............to here someone say it was boring and always the same well yes when you offer it all what more would you like. for the prices it was great , i would recommend over and over for those extreme critics i would love to know where they travelled that met their standards  
<Date>Feb 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>best holiday of my life       in the room  
<Date>Feb 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>ilovemyspine
<Content>Please don't book this hotel We waited 2 hours to finally be checked in, 5:15pm.There was hair in the bathroom that wasn't cleaned.Sheets were so old and pilled that they felt like sandpaper. Looked at the mattress pad and yuck, a huge blood stain on it. Called the front desk and asked them to bring me new sheets. Well after the 3d call I gave up.Next day we checked out. Yuck!!!4 stars, ya right..this is worse than a 1 star.At least have a clean room...  
<Date>Feb 22, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Terrible hotel, Arrived at the hotel at approximately 2:00 P.M. Unable to check in, room not ready. Can not communicate with check-in clerks. Finally taken to a room but unable gain entry as key would not work. Same situation with two more rooms.Was able to get a room at 5:00 P.M. Room small. Paint peeling from ceiling. Reported to maintenance. No action. Paint ant and plaster fell like snow. Dresser drawers either would not open or close. They were ill fitting. Reported both on December 27, day of arrival but no action.Subsequent days room was cleaned late (5:00 to 6:00 P.M.) Full compliment of bath linens not received.January 4th, turned on shower and water was muddy! No coffee in room. Dresser drawer completely stuck. Broke rollers on drawer trying to open. Last straw!!!Finally located a manager. Reported problems. Ceiling and drawers repaired. Ceiling peeling again on the following day.Numerous other deficiencies such as old vomit on balcony. Reported but never cleaned. Three day wait to have burned out light bulb changed. Most of the staff had difficulty communicating in English.THe hotel is advertised as a four star accomodation. I would rate it at best a two star after some improvements are made.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>cpc_6182
<Content>Had a great time!       beach at dusk  
<Date>Feb 20, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Read Here for True Detailed Evaluation Where to begin?AIRPORT:A big hut! However, very speedy and fast. We arrived, we checked in, customs was fast, you get your baggage and then you're off.DRIVING TO THE HOTEL:About 30 Minutes, because we had to drop off people at their hotel too, but not to bad. Comfortable.HOTEL CHECK-INNot that fast, they're Domenican, what can you expect? They have to service everyone, but I must admit, they try alot harder then Mexicans and Cubans to please you. Bell boy was prompted and helped us with everythingROOMS:Ladies, you'll be dissappointed! Guys, we don't care, right? Just give us a bed. The rooms are not 4 star, more like 3. HOWEVER!!!! They are very clean, the problem is it smells a tiny bit, TV is small and pillows are uncomfortable. I suggest you bring an air fresh plug in or something you can put on the TV stand. Also, think about buying a small $2 pillow from Ikea for yourselves.GROUNDS:Stunning! Everyone will agree to that! Absolutely stunning! Very well kept, like a 6 star hotel.FOOD:Alcazar Buffet - breakfast, not that good at all. I lived off of danishes and eggs, but if you like meat and vegetables and fruits, you won't like breakfast. The crousants and danishes are amazing though, trust me! As for lunch and dinner, I didn't have any problems, there was lots of variety and if you're a dare devil, you'll eat anything, and they offer alot of different things. If you're like me, there's constant pasta, salads, chicken, beef (WHICH I MUST SAY WAS NOT UNDER COOKED, MOSTLY WELL DONE, WHICH IS THE WAY YOU SHOULD BE EATING IT AT THESE RESORTS). Otherwise, desserts were amazing too!Formal Restaurants - Just to sum it up, Italian, get the salmon and grouper. French, get the duck, Japanese, everything there is great! We didn't eat anywhere else based on the reviews, but those three restaurants were fine.Also, every morning theres a line up to reserve the restaurants. When you check in you'll get a voucher for three nights at any restaurant, but for other nights, I suggest waiting in line, which starts at 9:00am, (it'll take about 20 minutes before you get to book), then book your time. Then, let's say your reservation is for 9:00pm, (which ours was all the time), go to the restaurant when you feel like it, tip the host and you should be fine. TIPPING:Breezes doesn't expect tips, however, bring 20 $1 bills. Tip the front desk when you arrive because they'll help you with everything, PROMISE! and tip the host. Also, tip one bartender at each bar. Believe me, the $20 will go a very long way. The service wll be a thousand times better. As far as room tipping goes, we tipped $1 per day. Our total tippings were about $20 for a 7 day trip.POOL:Beautiful, extremely cleaned. Clorine rating of 1.5 and PH of 7.4, which is great!BEACH:Flawless, no sea weed, white sands, incredible. The water is so warm and alot less salty then the Pacific in my opinion. You can see your feet in the water even in the deeper ends. TRUST ME, we walked to the other resorts on the beach and the Breezes beach is the best! Moving on, mMany women will go topless, but everyone seems to be okay with that, including the children. Very safe and patroled by lifegaurds all the time. My suggestion, if you want a cabbana, wake up, get towels, go to the ocean or beach, through your towels and a book on the chair and then get breakfast. Nobody will take anything, don't worry!ENTERTAINMENT:I went to relax, I didn't go to play, sing and dance, but on the odd night, we went dancing. Everynight they set up a band to play music from about 8:00pm till 9:30pm, and they play salsa and dance music, it was great fun. From 9:30pm till about 10:30pm, they have nightly shows, also lots of fun.DEPARTURE:Our flight was delayed 3 hours because weather in Toronto was terrible, but we got to stay at the hotel and we ate there, which was great. Better at the hotel, then at the airport, right? No problems or huge line ups, everything goes pretty fast there.OVERALL:To sum it up, we saw all ages, everything from famailies with toddlers, to famailes with teens, to people our age (23 and 21). We saw older groups, (55+ years of age) and from all over including Germany, England, France and obviously Canada. The hotel caters to everyone, which is always difficult to do. By going with an empty mind and expectations you should have a great time. Breezes knows it needs to upgrade their hotel rooms and maybe a couple of minor things like the lobby, which is outdated a bit, but if all you want is the beach, pool, adaquate food, living conditions and relaxed entertainment, this hotel will be great for you.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2006
<Rating>4	4	2	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>No Tipping??? Seriously - having never been to an all inclusive and being told that there is no tipping, imagine my surprise that we told by our travel consultant once we got there to tip everybody??? And so tip we did - that is the only way you get any service. We tipped our chambermaid everyday and then one day she came and halfway made the bed and then just took the tip - no towels, water, coffe or anything else. My husband was sure that she would be back. Later that evening I called the front desk and they said sorry they would look after it. We never got anything until the next day. I agree with the Americans (I'm Canadian) review of the buffet restaurant, the linens are unclean and the food is not good. My husband and I ended up having toast everyday. I thought we were going to gain weight going to an all inclusive when in fact the opposite was true. If you want to lose weight this resort is for you. Our travel agent is so fired. We were told they would have premium alcohol and drinks which was not true. If you like drinks that turn your tongue different colors and taste strange, this is the place for you. I asked for a ceasar drink and they said that clamato juice was too expensive. They ended up running out of beer. They don't have Canadian whiskey. The water even the bottled water was iffy. To top things off they have VIP people trying to sell you a time share. Give me a break. They try to get you right as you come into the hotel before you have spent anytime and realize what things are really like. One woman at the bar told me that she had bought a time share and was so happy, I felt like yelling are you nuts. Maybe she had one too many colored drinks. The one good thing I can say is the beach was very nice and well kept. The beach bar catered to the men. I could have been standing in line for 10 minutes and then some rude male person would butt in front of me and get served first. I actually snapped and said excuse me I'm waiting in a line here. Then the guy behind the bar still served the rude person first. Unreal.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>beautiful beach, nice people, awful food.... I'm not an old picky person. I'm single, 30 years old and absolutey love the beach. It is tough to enjoy your stay at breezes if you like to eat. Do NOT listen to even 1 review that says the food is good. I'd would have paid $300.00 for a meal at McDonalds I was so hungry. The buffet food is gross at best. Flys all over, fruit tasted rotten, just nasty. I thought at least the juices would be good. Nope, awfull as well. The Japanese Resteraunt has by far the most edible food. Tempura, fried ice cream, rolls etc... The barbeque next to the pool makes semi edible burgers and chicken. I basically survived on bannanas and french fries for 5 days.This is not Cancun, there is no Mc D's, or pizza hut. I did notice a Burger King by the airport, something to think about.PS Dont play Carribean Keno, dont take the free chip they give you, no one wins. You will be thanking me later. Beach is beautiful, sand is clean, staff is friendly. So hard to enjoy yourself being constantly hungry.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2006
<Rating>1	3	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>jls10859
<Content>Wonderful I just came back from Breezes Punta Cana and I am planning my next trip already. The hotel room was ready when we got there and it was clean. I didn't expect to spend much time in the room anyway. The staff was extremely friendly. You have got to stop by and check the fellows on the trapeze, they are wonderful. The bartenders were great, try the mamajuana. The food was okay, it was hit or miss. Somethings I really liked, others I could do with out. I did not like having to make reservations but nothing is perfect.If you are American don't expect to be the majority. I am american and I still had a wonderful time. The disco played a variety of music and the nightly entertainment was okay. The one thing I didn't like was ALL of the undisciplined children but that is not the resorts fault. I will definitely be back......soon  
<Date>Feb 15, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>The-Hunts
<Content>We had a great time whats all the fuss about We have just returned from our 2 week holiday at Breezes Punta Cana, after reading the reviews like other memebers myself and my family were a bit hesitent. Well yes our first room (we booked a suite) did not have a sea view, they changed the room immediatley, and we were in our new room within the hour. What people seem to forget is some respect and manners for the staff working at this hotel. All staff members work considerably long hours to keep us all happy, and after witnessing the attitude of some holiday makers towards the staff you can understand why some people are treated better than others, without the need to keep tipping to jump queues, to have huges flasks refilled, a simlple thank you, a bit of patients and respect goes along way. When you book into a hotel that caters for 2000 people you can expect to have to wait on occasions. I expect my children to say please and thank you, they are aged 8yrs and 5yrs. If they can do it without to much prompting why can't adults. The beach is great the sea is warm, and the people are friendly, it is large hotel and I can understand that it does not suit everybody, but overall we had a great holiday met some really interesting people, and would go back again.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Do Not listen to the bad reviews! To start off, i would just like to say, do not listen to all those bad 1 or 2* reviews people are giving Breezes. I had a wonderful stay!! Before i left, i had read some of the bad reviews those picky people had given, and i really wish i had not, because i arrived at the resort worried as anything! Seriously people, the staff is amazing. They are such wonderfull people. They are always happy, and ready to serve you. They are always looking at the better side of life, even though they only make about 12 $ a month! I brought some basic things just to give to the maids , like hair elastics, and hair spray. Just little things to show how much i appriciated their work. The food was quite good. I really enjoyed the buffet. The fresh fruit was unreal! Unlike anything ive ever tasted. But the beach, the beach was the most beautiful thing ive ever seen. Straight from a post card. The turquoise blue water was amazing, and so crystal clear. The sand, was so white. also unlike anything ive ever seen. I quite enjoyed the swim up bar in the pool, as it was very enjoyable to sit in the refreshing water and relax with an amazing Pina Colada. The entertainment was increadable! The people who worked there put so much time and effort into the shows , and it was so nice to see them do this all for us. Shopping , which is my favorite thing to do, was sooo much fun! You just have to remember to haggle, but have fun with it. Remember not to leave it too high, but doing ask for unreasonably low, remember.. theese people do this for their living.. they need as much money as they can get to feed their familys!!! The trip overall was so much fun. I went swimming with dolphins, which was awesome! and on the Shark Swim, which was soooooo scary! But also a thrill of a life, and soo fantasicly fun too !! Remember to tan on the beach lots, and have lots of fun in Punta Cana! Remember again.. do not listen to those bad reports.. they're just bull!!  
<Date>Feb 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Glendaandfamily
<Content>If this is a dream, don't wake me!       Evening shows - well done !!  
<Date>Feb 14, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Had a great Holiday Stayed at the Breezes from 26th Jan to 9th Feb.My husband and I and our 12 yr old son. The hotel was fab as far as pool, beach, entertainment staff, and restuarants go. Our son had a whale of a time, most of the holiday makers were Canadians which we were in the company of a few times and had a great time.Every night the entertainment team put on a show which was very good.The buffet restuarant was ok (mind u i am fussy)there was always something that u could eat. there was a 24 hr snack bar by the beach where u could get burgers, pizza, fries etc.Japenese and Italian restuarants were our favourite and we did not have a problem getting booked, there were also a french, sea food, Mexican and a Diminican restuarant. Every day there was entertainment around the pool and u could join in if u wished or just relax and watchWe wenrt on the Quad Bike tour (booked at the beach) cost us approx 100 English pounds for us all) we had a fab time and would recomend u do this as u see the real Dominican,The only problems we found were u had to be up early to get a sun bed at the pool and some of the staff that worked in the bars could be quite nasty or even ignorant ( my son waited at the pool bar for 20mins one day to get served as the barman only seemed to want to serve adults or young females)Over all we thoroughly enjoyed our holiday and would reccomend this hotel to anyone. Yeah sure there were things that we would not accept here in Scotland but Hey u r in Dominican and on holiday so it is what u make of itFeel free to email me if i can help u with anything elseaildougan@hotmail.co.uk  
<Date>Feb 13, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Value for Money Good Hotel For money paid i paid 575 each for two weeks and it was worth all of this would defo visit again despite having a dodgy stomach for a couple of days Good holiday i went with 3 kids  
<Date>Feb 12, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Destination Wedding         
<Date>Feb 8, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very disappointed Six adults and one toddler set out to enjoy our first family vacation. We chose an all inclusive resort since the ones we went to in Jamaica and Mexico were excellent. We were very disappointed in Breezes. The food in the buffet was unappetizing to look at and was horrible. Forced to eat there for breakfast and lunch, we went hungry most days. Had to go looking for someone to get a cup of coffee at our breakfast table. The tables were dirty and since the building is open air style, the flies were friendlier than the help! It is difficult to get a reservation at the specialty restaurants, however a twenty dollar bill helped enormously.{don't believe the no tipping policy} The food and service in these restaurants was better, but not great.We had to have our room changed twice because of leaks in the ceilings. The bedding left much to be desired. Lumpy pillows,sheets that had an exfoliating effect on ones skin, and blankets with cigarette holes. We left our very nice homes only to rough it on vacation.The entertainment was awful, but very loud. As a matter of fact the whole resort was very loud! The fire alarm would go off at 6AM, the music at the pool carried up to every room, and the housekeeping staff would yell down the halls{sound carried because the construction is concrete block and ceramic tile}.Several times over the week, the power went out for a short time.The staff needs training in serving people. They seemed like they were put out when we asked them for something that we shouldn't have had to ask for in the first place. Example: a clean breakfast table!If you are used to fine things, this is not the place to go.  
<Date>Feb 8, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Could it get any worse????!!! If you like smelly rooms, 4 inch thick mattresses, lumpy pillows, leaky ceilings, power failures, inedible food, and rude people, this is the place for you!! Let's start with the positives: the weather was beautiful, the beach and ocean were delightful, and the company I was with was a blast - all three of these things were out of Breezes control. What was in their control, however, like the food, service, and rooms were all very well below satisfactory. FOOD: Breakfast was repulsive. There was a buffet full of mystery meat, made-to-order eggs lathered in oil, brown bananas, and barey pink watermelon. If you enjoy a cup of coffee in the morning, be prepared to hunt a server down to fill your cup. Otherwise, you'll never get it. For the seven mornings that we were there, not once were we able to walk up to a clean, already set table. No, you have to hunt someone down for that too. Also, make sure you sharpen your Spanish speaking skills or you may never get what you're asking for. Lunch was even worse but more of the same. Buffets with mystery meat and hot dogs - thank goodness for french fries! Also, if you dare eat the burgers, make sure you get to them early before they run out of buns (which happened every day without fail). Dinners weren't so bad and the service was definitely better. Each restaurant requires reservations that don't come easy. Beware, if you don't have a reservation you'll be stuck eating in the same place as breakfast. It's called Alcazar but we renamed it Alkatraz!SERVICE: Ever heard of the all inclusives that treat you like royalty? Well Breezes certainly hasn't heard of them! The service was awful from the minute we checked in. The place is chaos and you have to beg and plead to get anything done. Like asking for a clean table at breakfast or a cup of coffee, they did it, but were sure to let you know that it was an inconvenience. Again, good luck if you can't speak Spanish. ROOMS: Once we got to our room, the ceiling in the bathroom was leaking, the smell of must and mildew was overwhelming and the pillows were so lumpy I actually checked to see if they were stuffed with that foamy egg crate stuff. We switched rooms, which we found out was pretty common. Our new room still had the leaky bathroom and musty smell but at least the pillows were normal. There's nothing like getting up in the middle of the night to go to the bathroom and midway through, the electricity goes out and you're on your own to feel your way around the bathroom and back to bed. So, that's the long and short of it. Save your money or spend it at another resort or maybe even another island. I would only recommend this place to my worst enemy.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>If you are American, don't go to this resort! We have travelled the Caribbean extensively and have never ever experienced anything like this resort. It should be shut down! Flies all over the food at the buffet. Dirty, stained table cloths with dirty silverware -- forget getting a waiter to change the silverware or get you a glass of water. I literally had to chase a waiter down every single morning to get a cup of coffee. NOBODY spoke English and did not care to try to communicate with us. I asked for butter and was shown the bathroom! The service was shockingly rude, like they were doing us a favor! Most of the food at the buffets for breakfast and lunch (Alcazar and the beach grill) was unrecognizable to the American eye, much less edible! I could not give my toddler milk for the entire week because it was served lukewarm and tasted like paste. I came to find out there is no fresh milk on the island! I have never seen gray meat before coming to this resort. The cereal at breakfast was served out of it's original box that had been ripped open at the top and thrown onto the buffet along with 10 other open boxes.It was a challenge every day to find something that we could eat that could sustain us through the day. This was the first vacation we have ever been on that we actually LOST weight! The dinner at the specialty restaurants was the only edible thing. My parents had to change rooms 3 times due to leaks in their bathroom ceilings (room #1) and mirrors so badly scratched that they could not even see their own reflections (room #2). Room #3 had the bed propped up against the wall, unmade, and there was sudsy water all over the floor. When my father went to the front desk to complain for the 3rd time, he was told by an attendant that it wasn't his fault. How's that for customer service??? My husband and I paid extra for a suite at this resort. When we arrived to check in, we were told that they had no suites available. Never mind that we had paid to secure a suite, there was nothing they could do and made no attempt to help the matter. The pillows were so incredibly lumpy that we just slept without them altogether. I did not even want to put my face against the sheets. It didn't matter anyway because the constant 24-hour stream of noise (the cheap nightly entertainment, the housekeepers shouting at each other, the slamming of doors) kept us from sleeping anyway. The bartenders were doing us a favor by getting us drinks. Always. This resort is highly frequented by Europeans and French Canadians who are not afraid to tell you how much they hate Americans. Them, coupled with the rude staff, are enough to make you want to jump into the Ocean and swim to Jamaica!! Bottom line: If you are an educated, middle class American who is used to polite service and getting something for your money, go somewhere else!!!  
<Date>Feb 7, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Vacation My husband, 14 year old daughter and myself just returned from Breezes in Punta Cana and I can honestly say that it was a fabulous vacation. We stayed for 5 days but wish we could have stayed longer.As some of the other reviews have stated the complex is huge and a little tricky learning your way around at first. Rather then walk around for the first half hour looking for your room you would be better off to ask someone to show you to the room. The first room they gave us only had a King size bed and since there were three of us we needed them to change the room. It was no problem at all, one phone call to the front desk from the person who showed us the room and 5 minutes later we were in a room with 2 beds. I was impressed with how quickly the room was able to be changed. The room was musty smelling but I do not think this could be helped - I just think it is the climate which makes it this way.I did not drink the water - they will tell you not to. I brushed my teeth with bottled water and no one in my family got ill during our stay. The beach is amazing - the sand was like powder. We were able to swim all of the days we were there. There was a lifeguard at his stand at all times. The water was a little rough but when you were thrown by a wave it did not hurt because the sand is sooooo smooth. Nice, clean beach with plenty of chairs and little huts where you could escape the sun if you wanted to. Some women at the beach were topless - my husband enjoyed this! I found it strange because there were young children around - but no one seemed to be bothered by it.The pool was huge a little cold for me but very refreshing. They had an activities coordinator every day at the pool. They offered Spanish dancing lessons, volleyball and other games around the pool. The person at the pool was very funny and energetic and tried very hard to get everyone involved. If you wanted to just relax though he didn't bother you.There were four jacuzzi's but two of them were closed and the other two had toddlers in diapers in them so we skipped the jacuzzi's altogether.When you first arrive they automatically book you for the specialty restaurants. We did not want the times that they scheduled us for so they changed the times for us. You do this at the front desk and they open at 9AM so if you want to change the time or restaurant you are booked at, I would suggest getting in line around 8:45 because the line gets very long. We ate at the Japanese restaurant - good food and it is fun because they cook in front of you, and the Italian restaurant which was very good as well. We did not try the French restaurant. There is plenty of places to eat. The buffet in the main lobby is open every morning for breakfast, lunch and then dinner. No reservations required but you cannot go in with a bathing suit or no shoes. The food was very good a little bit of everything. The omelettes at breakfast were great and the fresh fruit was wonderful. Every night this buffet had a different theme, Dominican one night, Italian, Spanish and European the other nights. There was always something you could find to eat. I did not eat the meats at the buffets though, the hot dogs and the hamburgers just did not look good and I did not want to chance it. I did eat the chicken in both the Japanese and Italian restaurants and it was very good. If you are by the pool you can go to the Marlin which is a buffet and you can go in with a bathing suit and no shoes. There was also the El Sombrero which opened at 12PM and served pizza, chicken wings and other snacks. Believe me you will not go hungry! There were plenty of bars, 2 in the lobby, and one by the pool, and one in the pool. The drinks were good - I liked the Breezes it was a blue drink similar to a daiquiri, the Pina Colada's were also good.We did one excursion - the Caribbean Festival and it was a lot of fun. It was a half day trip and well worth the money. We went snorkeling and saw beautiful fish and coral reefs and then they take you swimming with sharks and stingrays. The sharks are nurse sharks and have no teeth and swim around the bottom like big catfish but even so it was still fun. The crew on the boat was great, very entertaining and they gave you snacks and drinks on the boat too. It was a fun day - if you decide to go snorkeling keep an eye out for my husband's wedding ring he lost while snorkeling :(The people working at the resort were very helpful although they did not speak English well. If you treat them with respect they will go out of their way to please you. It is all about respect - I saw some guests treating the workers very rudely and then they complained when they did not get what they needed. In our case we smiled were polite and they always helped us.Most of all just relax and you will have a great time. If you have any questions please feel free to contact Dawn at dasutphen@yahoo.com and I will be glad to honestly answer any of your questions.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>caddyman
<Content>The Absolute Worst Vacation Ever I just returned from Breezes in Punta Cana and it was AWFUL! On paper this place is great, but the reality is completely different. First, when reading the other reviews, observe the home of the writer. The Europeans (English, French, Germans), Spanish speakers and Canadians loved this place. Breezes is NOT up to American standards. I disregarded the reviews and I had a dreadful time. First, the no tipping policy is a joke. You must tip if you want service. No tipping equals poor/no service. FOOD: The food in the buffet was inedible, yes inedible, but there was plenty of it. Vile, sickening, repulsive food. There are flies everywhere. You will need to clean your own table, and there is cigarette and cigar smoke everywhere. Breakfast was an experience in itself. Breakfast meat with a bluish hue - yum! There was food there that I had absolutely no idea what it was. I had better powdered eggs in the US Army, in fact all my meals in the US Army were better. There are no fresh milk products, only powdered milk. When one selects something to eat, one has an expectation of what is should taste like - WRONG! Food din't taste as it should. At Breezes, food taste is approximate - sort of butter, or sort of pineapple juice. The food is left out for hours and most people get sick. Lunch is the next experience. You don't want to eat in the inedible buffet, so you eat lunch at the outdoor grill. Since you can't/didn't eat breakfast, lunch starts looking good. They grill mystery meat and chicken. Barely edible, but hunger lowers your standards. I was longing for Burger King or Wendy's. If you can, eat dinner in one of the speciality restaurant. Reservations are hard to get, but a $20.00 bill gets reservations very quickly. The dinner in the specilaity restaurants are inferior to any low cost American chain, such as Old Country Buffet, but remember, you haven't eaten all day. Breezes warns about diarrhea and vomiting, its causes and remedys, in several places in their literature. This is reality, expect to get sick. At the pool, people were joking about them getting sick as if this is normal. This is not normal, this is abnormal.ROOMS: My first room had no cold water, a non-functioning TV and a leak in the bathroom ceiling. After three front desk visits, two calls, and a 5 hour wait, they finally moved me. Room #2 was worse. The furniture was all moved into the center of the room, the mattress was standing on its side and there was a water all over the tile floor. Back to the front desk for more negotiating. This time I got angry, and the front desk rep said, Its not my fault. I replied, whose fault is it, its not my mine. Room #3 was satisfactory. The linens are a version of sandpaper the the pillows must be 20 years old. I slept with a towel over the pillow. Since there is smoking all over the hotel, my room smelled of smoke.OTHER GUESTS: If you don't mind people regularly pushing in line in front of you, bumping into you without saying excuse me, and outright rudeness, you will get along fine. Most of the clientele smokes. If you object to eating next to a smokestack, stay away. Don't be surprised if you find a guest sleeping, and snoring, full length on a sofa in the lobby. Also, Americans are disliked there so be prepared - its overt!STAFF: Its amazing how their English improves when you flash cash. Ask the same question to four staff members and you'get four different answers. You will be in the wrong line most of the time, and you will learn this when you get to the front. The staff has been trained to say: the hotel is booked, the restaurant is filled, its closed for the day, you should have made arrangements yesterday, the line is over there, the person who handles that is not here, or you have to ask someone else. My room was not made up one day, so I complained to the front desk. When I returned to my room, it was still not made up, however there was a do not disturb sign on my door. The following day, they made up my room and didn't leave any towels - not one.POOL: Absolutely beautiful and very picturesque. They are obsessed with their pool towels and they have an infantile system, so pay attention or you'll need to pay for towels when you check out.ACTIVITIES: There is a trapeze, a climbing wall, a trampoline and several other sports which seemed popular. I tried to get a tennis lesson at 10:15AM one day and the pro told me he was booked all day. He then insisted that I needed a reservation to use a tennis court. There are three courts, and not a soul in sight - not one! He began arging with me that I didn't have a reservation, so I couldn't use any of the courts. I told him that as soon as others arrive I'd promptly leave - he relented. I left at 11:00AM and his other purported students had not arrived nor any of the other supposed court reservations. Also, he was not present when I left.ENTERTAINMENT: Amatuer, but loud!LIQUOR: Their strong suit is liquor, if you like bottom shelf. It still amazes me that people can drink hard liquor at 9:00AM, or maybe they never left from the previous day. CONCLUSION: If you are an average American who is seeking a clean place to stay, edible food, courteous guests and competent service, take a cruise, this is NOT the place for your vacation!  
<Date>Feb 6, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice beach but... The complex looks nice enough but looks can be deceiving. Our rooms leaked from the bathroom ceiling they smelled very very musty. They did not have any face cloths. There were mosqitoes in the 1 st room. We had to beg to get the rooms changed. Which took 3 days. We had a late day departure and had to pay for a room to shower and change in. They did not tell us the plane was an hour behind....we did not arrive home until 5:30AM.Mostly I found the food certainly below a 4 start rating. Air Transat Vacations need to revisit their star rating system.We would never go back there.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2006
<Rating>2	1	1	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>thumbs up!!!               More photos  
<Date>Feb 5, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>grumpa
<Content>The Feb 3/06 review from Vancouver is excellent The previous reviewer from Vancouver has it right. This a solid 4* resort! There is no need for me to repeat the review however I have a few additional comments.My room was on the top floor of Building 7 (closest to the beach). It had recently been renovated and was very pleasant. The top floor rooms have 20'- 25'ceilings and seem very spacious. The nearest elevator is between Building 5 and 6. It was only working about 2/3 of the time.I thought the evening shows were very poor compared to Mexican and Cuban resorts of similar size and rating. Inspite of all the inconsistencies, it is a resort that offers good value for your $.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Had an amazing trip My wife and I booked a trip to this resort in Dec./05.We had never been able to take our honeymoon in 14 years of marriage. We stayed for a week and had the time of our lives. The only complaint I had was the air bus we flew on was to crowded for a larger person like my self. The hotel was first class. They accomadated us with no problems. If you wanted to book into the alacarte restaurants, be flexable with the times. If you expect a certain day and time , there is a good chance you won't get it. Go with the flow, your on holidays. Nothing is a rush. Barter,barter,barter, they want as much money as they can get at the markets. If they want $100.00 , bid $10.00 and stick to your guns you will get it. We also went on three excursions, Maranarium,Bavaro Runners and Manati Park well worth the extra cost.  All in all we had an excellent trip and would do it again in an instantC and L Campbell Saskatoon, Sk. Canada  
<Date>Feb 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>AlegreVancouverBC
<Content>It ain't Sandals, but... It ain Sandals and neither is the cliental, but at less than half the price it is at least 75% as good and overall a pretty good value. Our two weeks ended Feb 2/06. Weather in late January can present anything and we saw lots of rain although the sun appeared each day. The wind howled at about 30 knots for 11 of 14 days. The beach flags showed green only two days and water sports were curtailed the remainder of our two weeks. The facility is 40 minutes from the airport. It is huge on multi acre real estate. The 851 rooms and suites are spread across an east wing, a west wing and a centre section above the lobby. Half of the centre faces the beach and northward. Each section has three to five stories of units and the east and west wings have end units facing the beach. Most units have a water view at least from the balconies. Many are in the shade all day. The hotel is well located on a beautiful beach. There is nothing along the beach westward for a number of miles. Just lovely sand and surf. Along the beach to the east are resort after resort, a cluster of shops, and if you walk far enough a second cluster of shops. The shops, by the way, will try you on with any price that comes to mind and it is up to you to negotiate. Cigarettes, for example, will be quoted from a low of about $US17 to a high of $US30. For comparison the airport duty free is $21 for a carton. More on shopping later. Back to the beach: The beach in front of Breezes is one of the best stretches of sand in either direction. Some of the resorts to the east have very little beach and a few have pines and palms casting shade on the beach. (the resort next door to Breezes isn even on a beach!) If there is a problem with the Breezes beach it is those smokers who use it as an ashtray instead of filing a plastic cup with sand and dropping it in a trash can at the end of the day. Guess theye the same folks that use their hands instead of tongs at the buffet. Before telling you about the buffet and the other dining choices I should tell you that the east facing west wing rooms are the noisiest. They are closest to the sports bar, the entertainment stage, the kid playground and most importantly, the employee early morning entrance. They start arriving at 0:700 and you will hear their laughter, singing and conversations. The staff is absolutely great throughout the entire complex. Just a delight. The rooms are a little tired looking. This is not a new resort. It wasn built as a Breezes and looks like the oldest along the beach. The rooms are functional, have wall safes, air conditioning, mini fridge full of bottled water and multi channel TV. If there is a major complaint it is the inconsistency of hot water. But inconsistency is the one constant throughout the resort. Sometimes there was no water at all. It is up to you to initiate clean towels or a change of bed linen. There are cards in the room explaining how. So that the beach, the rooms and a little about shopping. Before we go onto food and bars Il mention another cluster of shops is a ten minute walk up the lengthy driveway. The hotel has a few shops, but youl pay more. As well, the hotel permits local venders to set up tables of wares at least one evening a week near the pool bar. Every shop offers the same things so bargain hard and walk away if things don click. Youl have plenty of chances to buy again. The food: Youe not going to the DR for the cuisine. It tends to be bland, overcooked and salty. That their style. The three best meals we had was suckling pig in the buffet on Dominican Night, Spareribs at Marlins and lamb stew described as mutton at Conuco. These are three items that overcooking doesn ruin. You get the idea. Our Japanese meal was terrible, but the group at the next chef's station raved about their meal. Inconsistency? Always. The resort offers many alternatives. It takes some time to discover all the choices. The buffet offers the main meals and as well as buffet service there are a few grills in the buffet area where you can have things cooked to order. There's a pasta bar if nothing else looks good for dinner.Breakfast will inconsistently have fresh fruit, eggs of some sort, excellent breads and cereal, but no fresh squeezed orange juice. Just powdered juices. The beach bar serves breakfast, brunch and lunch and is less of a rat race than the buffet. Hunt a bit and discover where to find pizza or to choose the best hamburgers. For dinner there are a number of a la carte restaurants to choose from. Learn the system to access them. It is simple. Ask questions on day one. Some of the a la carte meals are very good. But they are inconsistent. Nothing tastes the same on a return visit. Same with the bars. Every bartender makes drinks his or her way and not necessarily the same way each time. The bar supplies are inconsistent. Theyl run out of Tanqueray or Beefeaters and switch to a local gin that is not what you might expect. Accually downright terrible. An hour later they will be restocked. Expect inconsistency in everything and things will go fine. It will take you a few days to find your favourite bars, bartenders and restaurants. They are everywhere. The pool is well used and suffers from not having a kids?pool. Tots in diapers share the waters with the masses. Kids of questionable parents think nothing of diving off the pool bar swim-up seats and splashing guests?drinks with chlorine. Maybe their parents are the ones off picking the flowers that the gardeners work so hard to cultivate to keep the resort looking pretty. Remember this is a huge resort with nearly two thousand guests on any given day. They get the full spectrum of clientele. The beach and staff are outstanding. The rooms and food are, at the very least, adequate. Breezes Punta Cana isn priced at the top of the heap, but it provides very good value and a great Dominican vacation.  
<Date>Feb 3, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Chazz1977
<Content>Fantastic Resort       ATV along the Beach  
<Date>Feb 3, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hola Senoirs and Senoritas! I have just gotten back from Superclub Breezes Punta Cana and I loved it! The beach was amazing, except the weather was not the greatest for January. It was very windy our first couple of days. Other than that, my stay was very enjoyable. The entertainment, day and night, were excellant! I am very happy of all the Superteam staff and they are great dancers. There is lots of activitys including beach volleyball, water polo, soccer, water volleyball,dancing at noon, three, and five and lots of other stuff! As you can tell I personally thought the dancing was the best. The food wasnt the greatest in the buffet. I love milk and goats milk is not one of my favourites. But the a la carte restaurants were excellent. I highly recommend the Japanese. Ask for Pedro. Great chef! My whole stay was excellent, and I would definatly consider coming back.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>PuntaLover
<Content>Loved the Service There Jan 19/06 to Jan 26/06I feel it's fair to say it can pass for a 4 stars resort. My sister and I flown there by Air Transat. We booked through an online website 3 weeks in advance. It's about a 7-8 hours flight. Remember to bring your headphones for the movies.At the Airport:You'll find booths outside with the name of your resort. Just go directly and ask for assistance. She/he will let you know your bus #. Before you board, ask to make sure that you're on the right bus. 35 mins ride.Hotel Check-In:The reception line didn't take that long. Around 13 mins. We arrived at around 8:30 pm (Punta Cana's time). They'll give you a set of room keys, small envelope containing all the rules  rest. times, safe key and 3 invitation tickets to A La Carte dinners. Altho they give you a map but it's best to ask someone for help to finding your room. It took us almost half an hrs. !!Standard Room:2 twin beds (Queen size). It did look a bit old (needs renovation for sure) and smelled a bit musty. But you'll be able to overcome this the day after. Afterall, it's just a place where you can clean up and rest. Mini-bars with bottled water  pepsi  7-up are replenished everyday just as long you leave your empty bottles out for your maid to see. Everything in the room (hairdryer, shower head, a/c, lights) works fine. Not sure about the iron coz we didn't use it. Do not open the balcony door at night to prevent mosquito bites.Safe:Now the tricky part is to get your safe key lock in. They don't just give you a key but another cube-shaped metal. All you have to do is push gently at each side until it reaches the end of the gap hole. To get it out before you check out, try to use a dime or quarter to poke the end so it'll bulge. Alcazar (Buffet restaurant with different themes everynight):It's prolly my fav. place at the resort other than the beach. Casual wear. Salad bar, Fruits Section, Kid's Menu (small pizza  french fries), Veggie Section, Soups  Breads, Desserts (all sort of cakes  ice-cream), Pasta Section, and 14-16 different variety of dishes that you can choose from. Their breakfast is the best. Do not miss it. Beware of the closing hours tho. Sometimes it's best to go early to avoid line-ups. Good service.A La Carte Restaurants:You can actually change the date or the restaurant of your invitation tickets. Just go to the reception desk. We went to Munasan (Japanese) and the food was okay and service was good. Not much to choose from. Either A or B. Same as Paris (French restaurant) but the service there was excellent. It didn't take us too long to get what we wanted. We skipped the other a la carte dinner because it was Seafood night at Alcazar. Entertainment:Amphitheatre. We only attended twice. Lip Syncing and 1-8 couple of male guests playing games. It was kind of cheesy but what the heck, still had its hilarious moments.TV:2-60 channels. Being Korean-addicts we were, we watched the Korean channel with English subs. The remote control worked fine at first till the 3rd day. Hmm..scary.Towel Hut:You'll receive a towel voucher during check-in. And you can exchange it for blue beach towels. Do not lose them or they'll charge you extra ($20 USD). Pool:I don't see any green algae thing. Clean enough for me. There's water aerobic, water polo etc (we don't participate in coz we were too busy taking pics of ourselves and the beach itself..haha)El-Sombrero (Mexican rest. located outside):That's the best place to get your pizza. Late-night snacks are there. 6-10 is the time for the a la carte dinner.Gym:If you feel you're getting a bit heavy, go there. After having 3 meals and sometimes midnight snacks altogether, I can't help but stop by to burn some calories. Be sure to wear your running shoes/sneakers since sandals are not allowed in there.Beach:What can I say? The first place we went after dinner on the day of our arrival. It looked spectacular at night and during the day, very beautiful. You'll be very amazed if it's your first time to the Caribbean. Walk to the right of your beach (45 mins):You'll reach a place where there are tourist shops . No price tags so you have to bargain. Hehe..I did my best by acting like a clueless tourist..walking in and asking for the price of a T-shirt. The vendor said 9 USD and I began to walk away and he would drop the price to 6 USD. I don't know the exact price for the shirt but it's cheaper than buying at the resort's gift shop (17 USD). I did the math first before I went. My sis paid 3 USD for a toothbrush. 1 USD =32 Pesos. Tipping:It's best to carry USD with you. Small bills. Ask your bank for 30 $1 bills. So you can tip the maid. $2 each day. We weren't sure how to tip the waiter/waitresses since they say it's against their policy. Disco:When you don't have anything to do and can't sleep, go there. Went there twice. Music was okay. =)Casino:Didn't go because we were warned about being scammed.Rock-climbing:Francisco, the expert, was very friendly and encouraged us to climb everyday and again, I went twice and didn't make it to the top..like 2/5. lolThere are also many other watersports which we also didn't participate in so we can't be sure if they do exist. Palapas:Everywhere. You can always find one unoccupied. Quite relaxing. Excursions:Didn't go to any excursions but Swimming with the Shark sounds very enticing. If you plan to go, bring enough USD. Avg price 60-95 USD for different excursions. Check-Out:Time is usually at 12 pm if you have a later flight. Remember to exchange blue towels for the voucher, and get your keys and safe key. That's all you need to do. Then sit at the lobby area and wait for your bus. Departure tax: 20 USD at the airport.All in all, I really did enjoy my stay altho I didn't do much but it's very relaxing. I will definitely go back next year. I agree with most of the reviewers that most of the staffs do work hard and did their best to make us happy. If you have any other questions, please feel free to email me at peachccake@hotmail.com  
<Date>Jan 28, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Breezes was great - just go with the flow My husband and I went on our first tropical vacition together after 13 years of marriage - and we had the best time. On the plane we were given some very good advise by some seasoned travelers. Always remember that you are in a third world country - 5 star there is not 5 star at home. Be patient, kind, and go with the flow. We took their advise to heart - and were able to enjoy the phenomenal environment. It's sad that so many people spend their time looking at all the negatives (birds, having to get your own tea and coffee, dirty table cloth at the peak eating time) when they could relax and simply enjoy. The beach is awesome, the resort is beautiful, the people were friendly (and it helps to be friendly back and not be too demanding and pushy - and give tips to the people that serve you), the drinks were plentiful... and if your goal is to unplug and relax - Breezes is your place.P.S Buildings 1, 2  3 and noisier simply because of locale, and a little more dated. Ask nicely for a room change, or consider an up-grade if you and not happy where you are. We did - and it turned our vacation from good to great.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hola from Toronto!       From our room 3402  
<Date>Jan 25, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Getting married? Best place to go!! The hotel staff was awesome, very friendly. They service was great everywhere on the resort. We got married there and the wedding coodinator, Maribel Cruz, was fantanstic. Also the photographer was so great, we had a hard time choosing the pictures.The food and drinks were fantastic, our favorites were the Japanese restaurant and the oceanview bar.The day and night entertainment was also great. Very funny!The only thing I would have done differently is stay longer.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>smokeater1973
<Content>Extensive Review of Breezes       pool  
<Date>Jan 22, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Watch for scams My wife and 2 adult children enjoyed are stay at your hotel and resort. If the hotel and casino were not working together to scam visitors this could have been a great vacation in a beautiful place.I was taken for over $5000 in Caribbean Keno. The hotel is a part of the scam. I had to talk to the manager of the hotel to extend our stay until the banks opened on Monday so that I could pay off my keno debt. Upon returning home I typed caribbean keno into yahoo search engine and found out that I was scammed. This game starts with a free chip from the casino. The game itself is a high stakes game, I like that. But the hole thing is a scam. The casino employee lies about numbers that you never see. Most complaints have been in the 5k=20k range. The hotel manager said nothing about numerous previous complaints by both customers and our government. All they did was allow us to pay extra to extend our stay while waiting for the banks to open. The phone calls to the banks cost $600. My banks turned off my credit cards on Friday night when they thought something was wrong. A one minute phone call cost $40. If they will scam you in the casino your phone bill then other scams must also be associated with the hotel resort. I would not go back ever.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2006
<Rating>1	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>LisaF1968
<Content>Go somewhere else!!!! I stayed at this hotel with my husband and 5 year old son from 2nd Jan 06 to 16 Jan 06, and I definitely wouldn't go back!The check-in wasn't too bad but, as previously mentioned, you are given your key and sent off on your way with no directions. The rooms were pretty basic, definitely not 4 star (closer to a 2 star)and the fridge and half of the lamps in our room didn't work so we had to call maintenance out. We also had to call down for towels and face cloths most days or try and catch the maid on her rounds as they were taken from the room each day and then never replaced or there were items missing (the hotel charges $15 for a missing face cloth so be warned). We had tipped our maid but the service was still poor and the room had not been cleaned some days when we returned at 5.30.Be careful when using the hotel shop, make sure you take your calculator with you as the lads there had a habit of overcharging when converting from pesos to dollars (they show you the canadian dollar rate and not the us rate so you end up paying more).Most of the people we got to know on holiday fell foul of this and by the time you've realised it's too late.The kids area of the pool and the beach were great, although very busy and not enough sunbeds for the number of guests in the hotel. The food in the buffet area wasn't great, the meat was always overcooked and it was impossible to find a table most of the time and the ones that were available usually had dirty tablecloths and no cutlery. It was also almost impossible to get a drink with your meal (especially tea or coffee at breakfast)so we usually went up to the bar ourselves.We tried most of the restaurants, the Italian was excellent (the steaks there are great and the service was quick, just what you need when you have a child with you), the Japanese, seafood and mexican are also great! Don't bother with the French restaurant, we had an 8.30 sitting and they finally sent out the starters as we were leaving at 10pm! Most people who went to this restaurant complained as the food took so long to come and was usually cold.Although this is meant to be a family resort,I wouldn't recommend it to anyone with a young family. The kids club was very poor, the staff there seemed more interested in watching TV and during our stay two five year olds were left unsupervised in the pool for at least 20 mins (the parents walked past and found their children alone in the pool!). The music in the hotel was also very loud and went on until just before 11pm,which is great if you're down at the bar but not so good if you are trying to get children to bed and the music can still be heard at full blast with the patio doors shut. We were also woken up at about 4-5am most mornings by groups of youths shouting and screaming on the way back from their night out.I definitely wouldn't go back to this resort !  
<Date>Jan 17, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>bigspender1971
<Content>Not the best hotel I have stayed in Not the best hotel I have ever stayed in. Check in was fairly quick however we weren given any directions to our room and it took us some time to find it. The bell boys delivered our luggage quickly but with someone elses luggage as well. The room was fairly basic-overlooking the bus stop.The maid came in every day with fresh towels and stocked the minibar every day. She did a great job.Pool area- nice enough however on the first day I went to the pool at 8am and found it impossible to get a sun lounger as all had towels on although the signs clearly state that this is not allowed. This prompted us to spend most days on the beach which was lovely. The sunloungers however are the most uncomfortable loungers I have ever encountered.Restaurants-buffet was a nightmare. It was very stressful finding a seat in the buffet at breakfast time and when we did eventually find a table, we had to request clean cutlery and often had to share it with the previous diners leftovers sitting on the table. Most of the staff working here were rushed off their feet. Also beware of the milk-it is warm. There were flies and birds everywhere, Best restaurant in my opinion-Marlin for dinner.Food was excellent, service was excellent. Worst restaurant-Paris. We had a reservation for 6pm and were still sitting there 3 hours later. They had no spoons for the soup and some of our party had the soup sitting on the table for 10 minutes before being given a teaspoon to eat it with! By this time the soup was cold however it took an hour for the soup to arrive so we were reluctant to send it back. The maitre d in this restaurant is the most arrogant man we met in Breezes. We asked to talk with him after the meal and he refused!Illness- we travelled in a party of 18 and 17 got stomach upsets. Laundry service- we used this service twice. First time was great but second time was a disaster. They claim to return your laundry within 24 hours. I waited 4 days. Went to the front desk to complain. Told them it was unacceptable and asked what their complaints procedure was only to be met with a shrug of the shoulders.Also, bars frequently ran out of alchohol especially the imported stuff like Baileys and Absolut Vodka ( the most expensive stuff). Make sure to go to the front desk and ask for the manager who seems to miraculously find bottles of the stuff if you kick up a fuss.Overall, lovely weather, lovely beach, mostly lovely people but too many negatives to warrant a return visit.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Cool time at Breezes This is a wonderful resort for families! Our 2 girls ages 6  11 had a wonderful time in the mini club. They have broadway type shows every night and several nights the girls had parts in the show through the mini club. The trapeze was also a big hit with them. The girls that ran the club were very attentive to their every need, keeping them busy with different activities throughout the day. My husband and I were free to lounge around the beach and pool as much as we liked. I felt like we were pawning the kids off on the club, but several days we wanted them to go with us but they wanted to go to the club. For adults the resort was full of rest and relaxation (which we really needed). We were in a suite which was lovely and the food was superior in most cases. The only troubling thing was the front dest staff were not as attentive as we are accustomed to. The language barier did seem to play a big part into it. Overall it was a good experience.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BWFC44
<Content>Best Holiday Ever Having heard some bad reports after booking the holiday we were a bit worried. But having now been there we couldn't be happier. I have never returned to the same place as i like to go somewhere different each holiday. but this is one place i will be returning to.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great beach, wish I could say as much for resort We have just returned from the Dominican Republic after spending one week at the Breezes and the other at the Bahia. No comparison. We knew from the Air Transat Holiday book that this would be a four star resort, although after reading all the reviews I was very worried. The resort itself is situated on the best part of the beach to date. No other resort on the left side allowing you to walk, boogie board, snorkel and swim with no boats zooming by. We truly enjoyed this part, but as for the resort it is barely a 3 star. The rooms are very small, musty, need of alot of work, but the view was great from the balcony. Service....what service, the only staff that raced to you were the VIP's in the front lobby. Why would I want to buy into this resort? This was very annoying and they should have been addressing the problems at hand. The food was terrible other than the Japanese and Dominique restaurant. The buffet was dirty and the table clothes were always soiled and had a hard time catching a waiter for water or a drink.What made our week pleasant were the staff at the Water Sport Centre. They were great and we had some great diving with them. The trip to Catalina Island was very good.The pool was just okay, but dirty around the chairs and tables. They needed another pool for the amount of people at the resort. We never used it much, the beach was far better.New Year's Eve party was just okay and the food not so good.I'm sure glad for the water sports and the fact that I would be moving resorts in a week. I would not recommend staying at this resort unless you want nothing more than a 3 star resort. Spend the extra money and stay at the Gran Bahia Principe.  
<Date>Jan 12, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Vacation We went to our first big vacation to Brezees Punta Cana last May 05. It was very nice and fun. We enjoy the beach and the company of friends. The hotel was nice and very clean. The beds could have been a litle softer and the beer a little colder. We recomend the outdoor activities offered by the hotel specially the ATV rides. These rides were awsome and very fun for the whole family. This was a very satisfying vacation, I do recomended it to anyone.  
<Date>Jan 12, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Scunny_Hunni
<Content>Had the time of our lives! hi there, my boyfriend and i travelled to the dominican with 24 other family members and friends for a 2 week stay back in november 05. We were there to attend his cousins wedding, which was beautiful! About a week before our flight i was worried about the hotel we had chosen due to the number of complaints i read on here and also the fact that the hotel appeared on hotels from hell. Well all i can say is thank god we didn't change hotels because this was by far the best place we have stayed!Our group ranged from 8yrs to 75yrs and there was enough in and around the hotel for everyone to be pleased with. The hotel and its grounds were always so tidy with ppl constantly cleaning and gardening to make the place look even more beautiful (if atall possible). Whilst we were there we took part in some of the great excursions they had to offer, the 007 trip was great fun with all the boys drivin the speed boats, my boyfriend and i also went snorkeling with sharks and sting ray which was an amazing experience. Some of the others in our group went swimming with dolphins. All in all we had no complaints about our trips, as we were picking up from other hotels we did realise that our hotel was much nicer then most of the hotels out there. The food was very nice, be careful with some of the meat dishes though as we had a couple of tummy upsets, especially with the fish in the main buffet but other then that i had no problems. I would highly recommend booking into the japanese resteraunt although you have to book, it is well worth it. We ate there three times and the only bad thing that we can say about the a la carte resteraunts in general is that they can't handle big group bookings but if you go in a group of 4-5 they are generally ok. I would recommend doing the parasailing from the beach as the view is out of this world, and last but certainly not least i would like to say if you are wanting a good drink with friendly barstaff then the mexican outdoor bar is the best place to go at night. on our first night there we tipped our waiter Juan $10 and for the rest of our holiday whenever we were there we did not have to move from our table to get a drink or pizza etc he was the best. Plz look after him :-). All the best and i hope you enjoy your trip to the real paradise island! Any further Q's plz don't hesitate i'll give you my honest opinion. X  
<Date>Jan 12, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Stay Well Clear of This 4 Star Over Rated Tip Where do i start.....I have traveled to more than 30 destinations worldwide  this is the worst complex i have ever stayed in except for the beach.... The room we stayed in had shabby furnishings  had a bad odour it was also vacated with ants. the cleaning staff were not efficent either........the buffet  eating areas were also very unclean with dirty table clothes  partly laid out utensils............The food seemed over cooked  at most times cold........I also witnessed a waitress in the pool buffet area spitting on the table to removed a stubborn mark........ The bars seemed all to be under staffed with long waits to get drinks..... The entainment crew were very dull.....The pool area was nice  the beach was superb... But for breezes to rate this complex as 4 star seems to be false advertising  the management need to sorts all these issues out......There is no way in a million years i would ever stay at another breezes complex....... I stayed here for a xmas break  all it turn out to be was a bad experience......IF YOU ARE THINKING ABOUT STAYING A THIS PARTICULAR COMPLEX PLEASE TAKE THESE ISSUES ON BOARD  LOOK ELSEWHERE  
<Date>Jan 11, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>abigailsparty
<Content>New Year at Breezes Hotel Punta Cana We've just come back from a 1 week holiday to Breezes resort Punta Cana. After a very long flight from Gatwick which stopped off at Manchester to pick up more passengers which we could of done without, we arrived. We didn't know about the $10 per person charge when you go through customs, so be aware. We found our coach with ease and didn't have to wait too long to head off to our resort. We were told the transfer would be 1 hour, which eneded up being two hours. At the end of a very long day you just want to get to your resort, but I must say the rep talked us through our journey with interesting views so it was too bad.We were the last drop off and the two previous hotels were beautiful so i had high hopes for ours. When we did arrive it didn't look as nice as the other two but I was still happy to be there. Check in was long and slow as you can imagine so many people arriving at the same time. When we did get to the front of the line we were told our room wasn't ready. It was 5.30pm so you would expect it to be ready, although we were gasping for a drink so headed for the nearest bar which suited us. When we did get into our room 1 hour later we were a little disapointed. The rooms were pretty basic and looked a bit shabby. The hotel was fully booked so there weren't any other rooms available, so we put up and shut up. At the end of the day we weren't going to be spending that much time in the room for it to be a major issue. Our first night in the hotel for dinner we hadn't arrived in time to book a restaurant so we had to eat in the buffet restaurant which was fine.The next day the sun was shining and we went to the beach which i must say was stunning. If you want to lay in the sun and have a dip in the sea from time to time this is definately the place to go.The first morning we went to book a restaurant for that night and were met by a large line of people trying to do the same. I don't know about you, but that is not what i want out of a holiday. We gave up and went back in the afternoon and it was fine. Maybe people were concered the restaurants were going to run out of food.... I don't know, but there was no need to be standing in line at 9.00am every morning worried about your dinner for that night.We did try the French restaurant that night and the Italian the next but were not impressed at all. The food was very bland and I had a feeling it had been cooked during the day and was sitting in the kitchens until re-heated and served. The choice in these restaurants wasn't very big, but i understand they are cooking for a mass of people everynight and maybe it is not possible to have a large menu. There were about 4-5 courses, but maybe only a choice of 2 dishes on each one. I don't know about you but I don't need 5 courses for my main meal and would prefer more choice on each course.So for the rest of the week we ate in the buffet which was fine. I wouldn't have been able to do 2 weeks in that restaurant, but it was fine for 4 nights.The rest of the hotel was nice, it was very big and had a few choices of bars for the evenings. All the staff were extremely helpful and would have done anything you asked. We didn't go around the pool area as were prefered the beach. The pool was very busy and there were more familys using it. Overall as we were there for New Year it was mainly families and if you are after a bit more of personal service and not a large resort with many children I wouldn't suggest you go to Breezes.I do sound like I've had a bad experience, but I haven't. Overall It was a lovely week away in the sun and you couldn't ask for a nicer beach, weather and staff in the hotel.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Niggles80
<Content>Good Christmas break Stayed 19 - 18 Dec 05. 2 of us on a 'boys' holiday to escape Christmas back home. I would suggest just catching a cab from the airport - only US $30 and no waiting. We did have a delay at check in and the room had some problems (no lamps worked, beds weren't maid, fridge not stocked), but after one call they were all promptly fixed. Great view 'poolside' and room was more than adequate.Pool is great - thoroughly recommend the pool bar and beach. The entertainment poolside was very loud and did get annoying - but nothing that couldn't be blocked out with a few beers. The food was good although at times could be slow. Was amazed how upset and rude some people got at what at times was slow service. It's the Dominica Republic and sometimes you just have to with it. We certainly had a better time by not being too 'precious'. The disco was poor and generally filled with 18 year olds - avoid the casino too. Can't comment on the kids activities but children seemed to be having a fun time. In summary - I would thouroughly recommend it, as long as you come with the a laid back relaxed attitude. If you demand 5 star service and for everything to be done yesterday - you may be dissapointed.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The worst part was pre-trip worries By far the worst part of the trip was worrying beforehand based on the number of negative reviews I saw here (more prevalent in the summer than recently). I'm not discounting others' experiences...maybe it had something to do with the fact we went during more prime tourist season or something, but our experience was AOK.I went with 10 people...including 5 kids 11 and under.* Beach is gorgeous....and a lot of fun in the waves. It seemed from our boat ride along the shore for a snorkeling trip, that most beaches in Punta Cana have no waves to speak of at all (Breezes is at the north end, past a bit of a corner of the island).* I have a hard time agreeing with the assessment that you're in some kind of trouble if you don't speak Spanish. Some, make that many, of the staff speak very good English, some speak a little, and yes, some not at all. It takes you a little aback when you realize that someone doesn't understand a thing you're saying, but even in those situations, I never needed to get anything across that a smile and some hand gestures couldn't take care of. Staff overall very friendly.* Food--With the kids, we found it easiest to eat at the buffet every time. Food was decent, not great. Plenty to choose from, sometimes somebody got an entree they didn't like (tough meat, etc.), but always found something decent - pasta and carving stations were always good bets, kids loved the selection, including fruit and desserts, and nobdy was every hungry. If you're looking for romantic one on one dining, not so hot, but for our family, I was very happy with the buffet.* Stomach--I can get sick just thinking about getting sick, but I'm happy to report I was totally fine. I originally figured I'd never touch any water I didn't personally see coming out of a fresh bottle, or ice or fruit or salad, etc. You could be that restrictive if you want (carry a water bottle wherever you go etc.,) but I eventually decided that wasn't necessary. Incidentally, we spent several days in Santo Domingo before going to Punta Cana. While there, it became clear to me that bottled water and commercial ice is just a way of life in the DR, for guests and residents alike. Even at a Santo Domingo baseball game with one of the poorest condition public bathrooms I've ever seen (missing toilet seats, etc.,) the vendors carry around bottled water and commercial ice for drinks. After that, I had a hard time believing I'd have to worry further at a tourist resort. (One of our kids had mild diarrhea one afternoon, but it didn't slow him down at all.)* Room--not real fancy or big (in fact it was a bit cramped-we had five people in ours!) but clean, cool (A/C worked fine). Maybe not as luxurious as what you picture when you think of a resort, but overall acceptable, with good maid service. * Activities (trapeze, climbing wall, etc.) were a real hit especially with the kids. I'd recommend planning to keep yourself occupied in the evenings....many groups hung out near the bar in the evenings, playing cards, board games, pool, etc. Again, maybe we just gravitated to these more tame activities with our kids.I could go on, but that's probably enough to get my drift. If you want to be totally pampered and immersed in luxury, maybe think about somewhere else, but for a nice Carribean vacation, this is a good time and a good value. p.s. To do in Santo Domingo (four-hour drive): the baseball this time of year was great, crowds amazingly animated, and rosters include some MLB stars (Miguel Tejeda, David Ortiz....) and the downtown colonial zone with the first Christian church in the New World, Chirstopher Columbus house, etc. is nice historically.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Pits Have been to Punta Cana 3 times prior but first time at Breezes due to our normal resort being booked..Upon arrival at the resort we were not impressed with the lobby area. There was no one there to welcome us. The people at the front desk hardly spoke any english and were very difficult to understand. When we got to our room we were dissappointed with the size, cleanliness, and comfort. We wanted to check out the beach, so we went to the towel hut to be told no more towels for today...it was only 3 pm. We went to the beach, which is absolutely beautiful but there was a lot of trash in the sand. Our experience at the buffet was also terrible, (cold overcooked food) had to ask at least 3 times for a beverage with about a 10 minute wait to get one. Table clothes dirty. One day a child vomited at the buffet and it sat there the entire time we were dining...who knows if it ever got cleaned up. The bars were poor too, bad service and when you did get service the employees had an attitude, miserable faces. Do they not realize without vacationers they would not have jobs? There was not any photographers around to take pictures for purchase, the pool tables close at 11 pm...not sure why that is...do they need a rest?? The disco is underground and has a terrible odor to it...the casino was okay but again not a friendly face in the place except for the cocktail waitress. We returned to our room one day and there were not any towels.. I called the front desk and told them we need towels..well guess what after 3 times calling We never got those towels. The third night there I smelled a terrible odor in the bathroom behind the toilet there is a drain and it appeared urine was backed up in the drain...for the rest of our stay our bathroom smelled like an alley way in NYC. The handle on our shower..BROKEN, refrigerator filthy dirty. The beach chairs were more comfortable than our bed. One night we went to the French restaurant after waiting seriously 20 minutes to be seated..the table linens wet...when we asked why or if we can move they said the dryers are broken. We had to ask for our food to be reheated, more beverages, knives and spoons...I mean it was terrible I could go on forever...We will never go to any Breezes resorts. I will go back to Punta Cana but stay at the Iberostar...what a great place. The employees are happy, hard working very efficient individuals that make your vacation extremely pleasurable.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>jzd
<Content>The beach at the Brezes Resort was fantastic My family (husband and daughter, age 27 and son, age 28) stayed Dec. 25-30. Second time in Punta Cana; first time at Breezes. The beaches and the water were spectacular! The buffets were great, but the specialty restaurants were average to below. After waiting 2 hours in the French restaurant and having only eaten cold soup and salad, we decided to leave and go to the buffet. Our reservations in the Japanese restaurant were given to someone else, however, the Italian restaurant was quite good.The casino is very small, but my son managed to enjoy that activity. The pool is nice, however, it is connected to the baby pool (many babies with diapers) which we avoided even though there is a swim-up bar! The recreation staff seem to be having a lot of fun, so if you're into pool activites it would be great fun. There were many large parties, not just couples and they all seem to be having fun. We went to relax and that we did! I would recommend a change in their restaurant-reservations method. At times you had to wait 2 hours in line to make a speciality-restaurant reservation. Also, I think the rooms need an up-date! Very old furniture. Also, I've been to resorts that were much cleaner, although I did see staff washing floors constantly. The gounds are well kept. There is even an ice-skating rink...which was not in operation. Overall, I would only give this resort a 3 out of 5 rating. I would not return.JZD, Stockton, NJ  
<Date>Jan 3, 2006
<Rating>3	1	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>luvdeislands
<Content>Had a Blast. So did the kids. We were a party of 10, 5 kids under the age of 6 and 5 adults. Stayed at Breezes from the 24th thru the 31st of Dec, 2005. After reading some of the reviews (not the recent ones - they weren't posted yet) I was prepared for a so-so resort, not so good eating and terrible rooms. I was, therefore, pleasantly surprised by everything. The resort is well laid out with plenty of oceanview rooms and suites. Our suite had a sitting room and a bedroom each with its own Balcony, 2 bathrooms - the main bath had a jacuzzi tub and a separate shower. We overlooked the amphitheatre hence some nights we watched the shows (which were quite entertaining) from the balcony when the kids were tired. When we went down to watch the show, the kids enjoyed dancing on the stage before the show began and the staff was very nice to them. Food: The buffet at Alcazar was excellent for breakfast (custom omlettes from real eggs - I don't know where one of the reviewers found powdered eggs). Freshly prepared smoothies out of all kinds of fruits - melon, papaya, passionfruit (yummy). We mostly ate lunch from the grill where the chicken and pork were good. Dinner at the Alcazar was also good - the seafood night had lobsters and shrimp, the Spanish night was divine with its Paella. Oriental night had tons of sushi, fried rice, sweet and sour pork and egg rolls of name a few items. The specialty places were also impressive. The Italian and Parisian were my favorite but the kids loved the show at the Japanese place where they cook in front of you. I was in heavan with the dessert selection at all the restaurants. I recommend trying the Passion fruit icecream besides all the cakes and pastries.Drinks - top shelf. I stayed away from the coconut drinks after suffering from the laxative effect of coconut my second day there. Campari orange was the drink of the week. The wine served with all our meals were mellow and we drank quite a bit of it!Stomach - well after all that eating and drinking what do you expect? All the woman on the trip had to have pepto or imodium at some point - I still think it is excessive coconut in our drinks. The guys (who stuck to beer) were fine. Some of the kids has slight stomach upsets - nothing major - probably more eating than they are used to and different milk. Didn't slow them down.Beach - phenomenal. After 3 visits to Jamaica I must say the beach in Punta Cana is far superior. Miles of it to walk on which was good excercise. The kids loved it though they were nervous about the waves which were big and quite rough. But once we went past the rough bit the waves were just a swell and we had fun jumping over them. Boogie boarding was hilarious! I was wiped out by the waves countless times. The bananaboat rise was scary ('cause I don't know how to swim) and fun at the same time. The boat guys deliberately tipped us over twice. I panicked the first time. By the second time it was fun ('cause I now knew I wouldn't drown since I had a life jacket!)You do need to book everything a couple of days ahead 'cause we went when the resort was full. The trapeze, rock climbing, pool - all fun and greatly enjoyed by the kids (and us). The staff at the rock climbing and trapeze were incredibly good with the kids.We will be going back there next Christmas with a bigger group. Make our family reunion place where the beach and water is gorgeous, the kids have a blast and the parents get to relax, don't have to cook and clean and enjoy adult company from people all over the world who were all friendly and great to talk to.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Better than expected  just returned from breezes.The weather exeptional, beach superb with ample sunbeds and shade provided by hotel. The pool area also had sufficient beds etc. We had a wonderful time, lots to do all day with an entertainment programme posted around hotel daily.The entertainment team and staff in general were keen to please and always happy. You must try trapeze.Only gripe is that it said watersports included and you could get boogie boards etc daily but were only allowed one banana boat ride per stay, not unlimited and you always had to book one day in advance. Also, you were only allowed to eat in speciality restaurants 3 times in a week and had to keep going in am to book suitable time. we had not tummy upsets but must admit were really careful with what we ate. I paid adult fare for my daughter 15yrs but on arrival she was not allowed to disco with me which we were looking forward to doing on Xmas eve. Overall though it was fabulous and would definitely go back  
<Date>Jan 2, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>spencera
<Content>Don't waist your money like I did We book a family vacation at Breezes Punta Cana, Dominican Republic, a big mistake. We should have read other reviews before bookt it. The food was terrible however the staff was great. Everything was powder juice, powder eggs, no seafood and limited selection for all inclusive. The hotel accomodations were not like they look from their virtual reality tour. Looking good from the outside but not much from the inside. Air conditioning equipment not in the best working condition. What's up with their lumpy pillows? they were terrible! The front office staff was very rude! They left my brother and his wife stuck at the airport and they have paid for their transfer which by the way it was never refuned. Understock bar - how can you all inclusive drinks if you ran out of liquor - everyday was the same thing! It was a total disapointment!  
<Date>Dec 21, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cormo13
<Content>excellent value for money My family am i spent two weeks at breezes in april of 2005.I have to say that we were very happy with this hotel. the pool was great, and the beach and sea were beautiful.As for the food, there was something for everyone(Japanese was our favourite).we travel with my one year old son and he had no problems with any of the food he try.We keep away from the salads and fruit as i think this is the main reason for the bad stomachs people get in the visiting the dominican,(i think they wash them in there local water) they say they don't, but it better to be safe than sorry.I have vactioned in the dominican several times before and this has always worked for me. All in all i would return to this hotel again without hesitation and hopfully look forward to returning sometime in the future...  
<Date>Dec 14, 2005
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great place       me and slowe scuba diving instructor  
<Date>Dec 14, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>DAES
<Content>Great All-Inclusive Resort Just returned from one week at Breezes, Punta Cana  loved it. Great weather and fantastic beaches. The resort is beautiful, the food - average. More oriented to families and older couples. Not a lot of night life. I would definitely return for more.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beaches were beautiful I went for a week with the family (two kids) and because we werent VIP's there, we had very mediocre rooms that were located in the back of the hotel facing another hotel. The rooms were clean and comfortable enough. We didnt have any bugs or anything. They kept the fridge stocked with bottled water and soda which was nice. We spent the entire week on the beach swimming, sunbathing....the water is crystal clear...the waves are fun....the sand is so silky and there isnt a pebble on that beach...no seaweed either. That was our favorite spot. The food was just as bad as most have described..get ready...it is all flavorless and overcooked. The restaurants were no better. We tried them all (get in line at 9am to make reservations if you want your choice) and only the French restaurant was good. We managed through the Italian and the others were really terrible. The drinks are flowing and the staff is courteous and works hard to get everyone involved in daily activites. I doubt we would go back, but we really had a lovely time at the beach!  
<Date>Dec 11, 2005
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>T-Ree
<Content>Good place for a group Spent our Thanksgiving week with a group of 20 at Breezes. The younger crowd (20 somethings) probably enjoyed the resort the most, but all in all, we had a good time. Guest services were great help in seeing that we all ate together and tried many of the specialty restaurants. Only 1 in our group got sick enough to stay in the room for a day. The staff is very nice and do try to accomodate you. The food was adequate and the drinks plentiful and top shelf if you asked. The rooms are clean, the pool was very nice and the beach is beautiful.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>DC10
<Content>You must go - it's Great After reading so many bad reviews, we were really worried about spending 3 weeks here, but we shouldn't have been it was fantastic. The food was great everywhere, especially the A la Carte resturants. It is easy to book these now, especially if you see your rep. (ours was Thomson). She was great as were all the staff at the hotel. We were a party of 12, 6 adults and 6 children aged between 7 and 17. There are plenty of things to do, even when you are there 3 weeks. We did the paragliding, horse riding, quad bikes (this was fantastic!!)All were good value for money, these were not booked through our tour operator. We did take an excursion to Oceanworld on the other side of the Island with Thomson, which although expensive was worth every penny, (internal flights are required, but included in the cost). This was a day swimming with the dolphins and interacting with the sealions, lots of other things to see and do here too. Please do not hesitate to book this hotel, as I'm sure you will not be disappointed.The pool is great, very big and well landscaped. The beach is out of this world (and we have travelled well). All the grounds are very well looked after and kept very clean. The rooms do seem a little damp but this is only to be expected in a country with such high humidity (the air conditioning probably adds to it). You do find a little litter in and around the pool, this is mainly due to guests not using the many bins provided, but there are always cleaners regularly clearing this.We had a fantastic time and may even return again.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Worst Vacation Ever We were really looking forward to our vacation to Punta Cana. We were there from 11/11 to 11/18. It was our 2nd anniversary and we had called the hotel ahead of time to let them know it was a special occasion. They gave us a room in building 7 with a decent view of the ocean. The room was ok and it seemed clean. They gave us a bottle of champagne upon arrival, which was nice. It all went downhill from there...On our second night, our digital camera was stolen by other guests of the hotel. We knew who took it and security did their best to help us, but there was nothing we could do about it. Our vacation was ruined from that point on, but it kept getting worse. When our camera bag was stolen, our hotel key and safe key were inside. The hotel made us pay $75 to replace them when we asked to change rooms the next day because we no longer felt safe. We didn't want to pay it, but we felt that we had no choice.The food was Horrible!!! We never felt like we had enough to eat because nothing tasted good. It either didn't seem edible or had no taste at all. Even the fruit tasted like it had been sitting out for hours. We lived on mostly bread and butter. However, we did really like the omelettes in the morning and the japanese place for dinner was pretty good. The drink situation was ok. It could have been better. We have been to other all inclusive resorts where they offer can beer plus a better selection and we were disappointed when they only offered the local draft beer at Breezes.The beach was pretty and the water was nice. However, it was very windy most of the time and the waves were pretty big, which we didn't mind. But, we had a red flag the whole time we were there which means that they won't rent anything to you or let you do any water activities. The current was strong and you had to be careful. The first day we were there...we were able to rent snorkel equipment but only for an hour. If you had it longer than an hour than they would charge you. I would have brought my own if I knew that ahead of time. It really didn't matter though because there wasn't much to see anyway.The icing on the cake is that we picked up a bacterial infection from the hotel that we discovered when we got home. After going to the doctor, we were told that we either got it from the pool or from the towels. My guess would be the towels because they were gross and they must not be washing them properly. We were disgusted especially after everything that we went through.I would never go to a Breezes resort again and especially the one in Punta Cana. We have traveled all over the world and never had such a nightmare vacation like this one. I can't imagine why other people have given this hotel a good review. My only conclusion is that they are not familiar with better places to travel. In our opinion, we would never go to a Breezes Resort again even if it was free.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2005
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Barticle
<Content>We had a Blast !!!!       Pretty Eh ??  
<Date>Nov 19, 2005
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fun in the sun! We stayed at the Breezes Punta Cana for a week. My brother got married there, and it was absolutely gorgeous. I have to admit we were very skeptical after reading the reviews. we found the resort to be very fun, very friendly, and the restaurants very good! Japenese was my favorite!! No one experienced much in the way of stomach problems. Buffet gets old fast though! We were aching for some mountain dew and real pizza!! Some diarrhea, but nothing that lasted or kept us from being by the pool or ocean. We found the pool to be clean, they were checking the ph, etc. continuously throughout the day. The entertainment was great, we were involved in 3 of the shows. If you are older though, you'll think it sucks. It is not for people that do not like to have fun and PARTY! Our ages were from 24-32, and we loved it all. My only complaint was that our rooms were not very sound proof....could talk to my family through the walls at times. Not alot of privacy in that aspect. Overall very fun vacation!!  
<Date>Nov 16, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Had an Excellent Holiday Like others, we had read the few negative reviews but we really shouldn't have wasted our time reading the comments of these people. Their views are not a true reflection of this resort.On check-in we found the staff very fiendly and we were quickly being shown to our rooms.The rooms were found clean and kept clean throughout our stay. Everything functioned and beds were very comfy although rooms were standard. Hair dryers and percolator and tea/coffee provided - no milk just creamer. Maintenance very quickly sorted out a problem we had with our door.The lagoon pool was excellent and the pool bar staff would quickly serve you and it was always kept clean. People did get towels down on the beds early but that happens everywhere. Towels provided and you could change them for clean ones as many times per day as you liked.The beach was beautiful, always had beds and was cooler than around the pool with a breeze. The sea was fun with the waves (body boards were available free for 1hr a day - give it a try), my 5yr old loved playing in the surf.The buffet restaurant was always very good, always a good selection - each night was a theme night. Children could choose from the 'Kids Menu' if nothing else took their fancy - but then so did some adults. I enjoyed the mexican night and jamaican night. If you like trying out different tastes its great - try the soups. Breakfast was good here, hot food, cold food, cereals, pancakes, omeletes cooked for you if you wanted to queue. Like wise toast was available if you queued at the toaster. Lots of different fresh bread.Lunch was available in the buffet restaurant, snack restaurant (chips, pasta, rice, salad, burgers, hot dogs, fish, ham, cheese, fruit) next to pool or at mexican restaurant (pizza, meatballs, kebabs, chips, salad). The downside for us with kids was that ice cream is only available in the main buffet restaurant during the day. However the kids never had a problem with getting water or soft drinks from the bars.I have mixed experiences with the speciality restaurants compared to others I spoke to, which I guess depended upon the options chosen from the menu. There are 6 restaurants (when you check-in you are given reservations for each one - if times don't suit, you can change. Don't leave it too late) Italian, Mexican, Japanese, Dominican, French and Marlin the sea food restaurant. Our favourite was the Italian, the food in the Mexican was ok but I expected something else (I preferred the buffet restaurants mexican theme night better). The French was good, Dominican excellent, Marlin good and the Japenese we didn't try as my wife was not fussed and the theme night in the buffet sounded good.In our party were 4 adults and 3 children (5, 11, 15). No one became ill. Two of us had stomach cramps on different occasions but when you eat more than you'd normally and different foods that would be expected.In the two weeks we were here the temp was always about 86/88 and humidity was high. The sun shone everyday (thunderstorms almost every night)and we all made sure to replenish the water we lost through the heat. Water was available everywhere. If you drink alcohol all day and no water (or probably just no water), I would expect in that heat you'd have problems at some stage.Our party enjoyed the climbing wall (forearms felt like popeyes after a while) and the trapeze. Give both of these a go - great fun if slightly scary but very safe. I played beach volleyball most days - I get to play once a year and enjoyed the banter.Due to the open air theatre, if it rained the show was off, which did happen quite a few times. We saw three shows and the entertainment was good fun. At the end of the day these are not west end shows.All the staff were always friendly even when I went in to a restaurant with shorts. They kindly asked me to change and I respected their rules. I can't see why you'd get up set about such a request and start an arguement.We had a great holiday and would recommend this hotel. If you are someone that complains then you'll find something to complain about anywhere and if you speak to staff as if they were something you trod in then don't expect a smile. I did witness in particular from a one nationality extreme rudeness towards the staff (this view has been posted from other resorts). In the UK these people would be told to ^%* off. Its a holiday to relax and enjoy the beautiful weather, beaches and people!!  
<Date>Nov 13, 2005
<Rating>5	4	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great NO problems whatsoever I read some negative reviews on here after I had already booked so I was a bit worried. But it seems that the people that complained were the ones that got sick. I ate everything (salad, ice cubes) and had no problems. I thought the staff was very friendly.I brought 12 baseball hats and traded for awesome wood carvings.I met a Dominican that worked on the resort (ATV rentals - goes by - Rockafeller) and we would go out to the various night clubs and experience off resort life...had a unbelievable time on and off the resort.Weather, beach and water were all great. People were friendly. We had 65 people from Ecudor at the resort while we were there....that was excellent, very friendly and beautiful.I recommend it!!Brock  
<Date>Nov 10, 2005
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>john_ossrop
<Content>Good Value I stayed at this resort for one week late in October 2005 with my girlfriend. We found this resort to be very enjoyable and a nice value for the price.Check In: Fast, friendly, courteous and polite. Not a single complaint here. Our original room was one with two small beds and we knew that the hotel had mostly this bed configuration when we booked. On arrival we asked if it would be possible to be moved to a room with one king size bed and they were able to do so immediately. A bell boy named Raymond helped us to our room right away. The whole process took maybe 20 minutes at the most. During our stay we did see crowds at the front desk area from time to time, I guess it just depends on when you arrive.Room: The room was basic but comfortable. We had a view of the beach, hot tubs, and the beautiful pool. The air conditioning was going great guns, we had to turn it down, and then down some more eventually. There was a small balcony with chairs and a table. Television, CD/Radio and fridge with cool drinks. There were some small issues with the room. The stopper in the bathroom sink was disfunctional making it hard to release water once you filled the sink. The safe was a bit difficult to use, the key stuck and required some jiggling to open each time. Overall the room was comfortable and our maid service was excellent.Food: The food at this resort although abundant could have been much better. We tried almost all of the restaurants for dinner and had breakfast and lunches from the buffet. The best meals were the breakfasts. Priscilla was our waitress every single morning. She was so friendly, she helped my girlfriend learn some new Spanish phrases every morning. Lunch was always the worst meal of the day. The hot dogs and hamburgers at the snack bars were not very good, the buffet at lunch was usually made up of things that seemed to be left over from the night before. The specialty restaurants are where I was most dissapointed. The food was just ok at best. I have been to other Superclubs resorts where the food was excellent especially in the restaurants. The first night we went to the French restaurant. This was one of the best and was just ok in my estimation. The second night we had Japanese and this was not good. My girlfriend and I love Japanese food and sushi. I would suggest avoiding this one alltogether. Seriously if you like Japanese, this will be such a let down, and if you have never had it before, this isn't the place to try it for the first time. The third night we had dinner at the Dominican restaurant. Quite good but very different from what I expected. Not my style of food, but the preperation seemed skillfull and the ingredients fresh. The fourth night we ate at the buffet after a long day off of the resort. Buffet had nice selection, but it's a buffet and not quite as fresh tasting as al a carte food. The fifth night we had dinner at the Italian restaurant. Again, not very good. The last night we ate dinner at the Marlin Grill. This was the best food I had at this resort. Ribs and baked potato. If you see it on the menu when you are there, don't hesitate, it's very good. My girlfriend had the sirloin and was not impressed with it. Overall the food is the weakest part of this resort. We never got sick and we were never hungry so it wasn't a total disaster.Drinks: What can you complain about when all the drinks are free. If you ask for specific brands they will mix your drinks with them, othewise you get the house brands. Most premium brands are available, although not always at every bar. The bar service was usually fast. In the lobby bars there is also table service.Pool: The pool is just beautiful. I loved the swim up bar. The deck was washed and the pool was cleaned every evening. The pool was closed at night.Grounds: Immaculate.Beach: The best beach I have ever seen. They have so many huts to sit under and beach chairs, we never had a problem finding a spot, even after 400 guests arrived from Cancun who were fleeing hurricane Wilma. The water is warm and clear. The sand is white and soft. There is alot of wave action on this beach and it gets deep enough quickly so you don't have to walk forever to swim. If you get yourself something to float on, riding the waves is great fun.Excursions: The day trip that we wanted to take was to Altos de Chavon, an artist community. We were not able to get an excursion for this alone. It was always part of a bigger excursion with several stops. We decided that maybe we would just hire a car to take us there for the day. We went to the front desk to ask if this could be arranged and spoke with Fanny. Fanny told us she would try to find us someone from the hotel to take us. She returned with Raymond the bell boy that helped us with our bags when we checked in. Well, for basically what it would have cost us to go on a pre-packaged excursion, Fanny and Raymond took us on a very wonderful all-day trip. They took us to Altos de Chavon, they took us shopping, they bought us lunch, they were free interpreters and negotiated for us with vendors. They kept a cold beer in my hand all day long. They allowed us to see the country and community in a great way. We were able to travel about like everyone else, instead of being in a large tour bus and being the target of so much attention. Did I mention that they both took the time to do this on thier day off? Overall: This was a very good value for what we paid for this vacation. The Dominican people are very friendly and I would not hesitate to return to this resort or country.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>trots Arrived to find that the room we were allocated was broke ie shower would not work and sink was blocked. Food in the buffet was not particularly good i lived on soup for the duration of the holiday. The speciality restaurants were nice the japs was by far the best. Casino not very good the dealers were not helpfull what so ever especially the girl who had teeth like a horse. Weather was fantastic, couldnt be faulted unlike the bar staff didnt want to know unless you were female and im not joking here, there were times i wanted to slap some of them, pedro imparticular. I have been the Dominican and enjoyed myself as it is the company you keep that makes the holiday. I think the resort leaves a lot to be desired but the beach could not be faulted it was out of this world.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>beckyMidlands_Uk
<Content>Breezes Was Brilliant Best Holiday Yet       mexican restaurant  
<Date>Nov 2, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Bellasmom007
<Content>Do it yourself vacation! Upon arrival I was wearing clothes for colder weather (coming from New York). Jeans and a light sweater. This was to be a honeymoon for myself and my husband  we also wanted to see what they would have to offer for his 6 yr old dtr for family vacations. Upon arrival we had to wait for four hours sweating  our luggage was kept out in the open for anyone to take. The staff advised us to goto the pool or look around the complex but would anyone leave their luggage out for anyone to go into or steal!!! Then the elevators were not working. I have asthma  I had to take the luggage up two flights of stairs and drag it myself to my room. The bellhop could not help us as he was very weak!! Finally we went down to the pool area and attempted to get something to eat! The staff yelled at us and told us they were preparing for dinner  my husband took a hamburger and had to go get sick after one bite! That night we took showers and the shower did not work properly and the tub did not drain but it did leak. The toilet also leaked  there was no water pressure from the faucet in the sink. We had put our towels on the floor in a pile assuming we would get fresh ones the next day. We were wrong. The next morning we went for breakfast. Big mistake. Food was horrible and the cold cuts appeared to be sitting out for days. We only ate bread. We went to the beach. It was lovely, however after reading other reviews I noticed something very disturbing. Not only were there no lifeguards (there was a lifguard stand but no lifeguard and sign said he was on duty) but there were no flags either! Oh well. we went into the water. We went to the pool later  found lots of debris and some areas stank of urine! At the pool bar there is mold on all of the grouted areas  some of the tiles around the pool were not only loose but missing and there were sharp objects from the tiles that were missing. Not good for kids. The bartenders could not understand any english. We are american and mainly english tourists were at the resort. I had to point out what ingredients to put into my drink  pratically make it myself. Later we went to our room  we noticed that the wet  dirty towels from the evening prior were hung back up! Eeewww!! The bed was turned down however there was a note to help out the travelers from Cancun. Ok, so we went to the italian restaurant. There was no one at the desk so we walked in. At first a man was going to seat us but suddenly a woman came over yelling in spanish. I explained we do not speak spanish  she pointed to my husbands legs. Another tourist explained that men need to wear long pants. I tried to ask if she could let us go this one time but she physically grabbed our arms and pushed us out of the restaurant. We complained and got another reservation for the next night.Wednesday at the resort got downright sickning. We heard jackhammers in the morning. Went to the beach went in water and then went to the pool. Everytime we passed a Vip person they kept telling us about the time share and we had to buy one. Oh on Tuesday we got a call at 9:00 am demanding us to go downstairs for us to meet with the vip people. As it turns out we were told that we were going to be told about the tours. That is a major lie. We were told about timeshares and given a coupon for snorkling. No one told us about our return flight or any excursions. What a wakeup call for the first day of our honeymoon. We complained to the front desk as we are lacking sleep and they said There is nothing we can do about it!. This is the standard saying at the resort. So on Wednesday afternoon after the pool we went back to our room and again we had the same old dirty towels. I had to hunt down a maid and get clean towels. There was sand in the bathtub from when we took a shower from the day before and the same plumbing problems existed. Again we called and they said they would send someone right away! That night the Italian restuarant the staff was rude and was barely able to take our order. They got it wrong as they could not speak english and we kept pointing out what we wanted on the menu. We walked around to the gift shop and noticed prices had gone up drasticaly from the previous two days. We later found out that the entire island jacked up prices for the people arriving from Cancun as those people left everything in their hotels. On thursday we went snorkling. The driver of the boat did not speak English or Spanish. Only French. He gave us no instructions and went so fast we almost fell out of the boat. He took us to a spot where the reefs were dead and grey (only the fish looked alive). We say two car tires and numerous pieces of garbage in the water. On the way back he went even faster and motioned to tip him. Isnt this resort no tipping! Anyway he pulled over and talked to his friend in French for 10 mins and the whole time i thought something was going to happen to us. Finally we got back and he would not help us out of the boat. I was seasick by this time. We went back to our room and I noticed that the sheets had not been changed in days. On Wednesday and Thursday morning I put a note to change the sheets. There was no toilet paper left in the room when there was some in the morning and no fresh towels again! I called room service  went to the pool. When we returned nothing was done. So again I went and got my own towels, toilet paper and sheets and fixed up the room myself. I even had to sweep up as best as I could as it appears they just moved stuff around.At this time my husbands face started swelling up and I felt really sick. We had immodium ad on us and that saved the day for awhile. Much more happened. On Thursday, Friday, Saturday and Sunday the locals came into the pool. In their clothes, shoes and all. When they came into the pool they jumped and pushed the guests (including children) out of the way. The water turned yellow. They were very rough and the guest of the hotel had to goto the other end of the pool. Many people complained  management said that they would either do something or that there was nothing they could do. I am sooo tired of hearing that. The dj played a song with sexually explicit lyrics. As I was in the pool I heard a child repeat the words  the mother yelled at him. I went to the dj and asked, and begged if he could not play that song again. If my stepdaughter was there I would have had a major fit the song was so bad. He laughed and told me everone liked it. The mother came up behind me and told him off. The entire honeymoon was ruined. We fought because my hubby was upset about the whole treatment we received. On the last day we were there. We attempted to purchase souveniers. The girl in the shop destroyed our credit card to the point it was shredded. I have it as proof. She tried to take another card  supposodly it wouldnt go through and they dont accept american express. Don't even get me started on the casino. My only good thing is that my husband works for law enforcement and he spoke with a fellow law enforcement officer that had a major issue in the casino  hopefully the casino issue will be rectified before others have the same serious issue.I am deeply saddened that a company that has been in business for 25 years with many resorts worldwide would be so depressing. Others we met at the resort provided us with websites to complain. We wanted to leave a day early but we could not as our credit card was destroyed. I will never again goto the Dominican Republic. The people there are rude and I have much more to say about the whole experience if anyone wants to know.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2005
<Rating>1	2	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>nancyvacation
<Content>nancy vacations advance to go and do not stop until Breezes Punta Cana What a wonderful time we had. This was a delayed celebration of our 35th Wedding Anniversary; and it was worth the delay to celebrate. There were very few Americians here during our stay; but that didn't stop us from making friends with other tourists. We booked our trip without a travel agent so we had to make everything work ourselves and it worked out great. By booking ourselves we were able to get a direct flight which made up for the Puerto Plata vacation a year ago when we wasted a day traveling. This was great. Our arrival went very smooth. We had asked on the forum for info on transfers from the airport prior to our leaving. We paid $30 dollars each way for a taxi for the two of us. We were told it was $30 up to (5) persons. Our room accomodations was very comfortable our only regret was we are older and a bit out of shape and being in building 7 on the top floor without the elevators working was hard on us. We figured out it was best for us to take down in the morning all that we needed for the day so we did not have to make extra trips up and down those stairs. Perhaps if we had asked to change they would have let us but; we didn't so adjust which is what we did. Maybe we will get in better shape before our next trip. The food was good. We remind ourselves this is not like being in America. The restaurants, grounds, bars and rooms were very clean and well kept. The room service was great they were working constantly at all hours keeping things up. For the most part the pool and beach was right up there; then there are those tourists that don't know what a garbage bin is for. The swim up bar is small compared to other resorts we have been to; but they served everyone reasonable fast. A nice feature at several of the bars or restaurants is a soda fountain, juice bar, or cappaccino bar that you could self serve yourself without bothering the bartenders. We really liked this feature. This resort had top shelf hard liquor if you asked for it. You never got the same mixed drink at the bars even if the bartended was the same person for some strange reason. That is unless you ordered beer which they only have one. Breakfast at Alcazars or Marlins; where they feature a Champaign Brunch, is very nice. In the morning the on site chefs make your eggs to order. We visited all but the Dominican Restaurant and they were all very nice. The service and presentations were excellant. I am not a gravy or sauce person so I would have preferred my food with out that touch. If we can say we had any disappointment it was in the Mexician restaurant and the Tex/Mex daily buffet. Their version of what we call Tex/Mex and Mexician was a lot different. Again adjust.... As a rule I am not a desert person and have found very little deserts that I like abroad; but I did have a couple here that were very good, on Dominician night in Alcazars they have an icecream with raisins in it that was good; it tasted like a brandy alexander. In the Paris restaurant I had a wonderful desert that had chocolate on the top of it, I can't think of the name was SOOOOO GOOD. Then one other night we had chocolate eclaires in Alcazars that were rather good. Now my husband thought the deserts were all good. So perhaps you will like all of them too. The tempertaure was in the mid to upper 80's it sprinkled one day; didn't stop us from enjoying the pool or the beach. Two evenings late at night it stormed. No big deal. We have been to several resorts that there is partial nudity on the beach but this one had it at the pool area and in the pool. No one seemed to mind. One young lady said it was liberating. There does appear to be a shortage on pool umbrellas so if you burn get up in the morning and move or you will have to face the day in the sun. The beach is long with beautiful sand. There are a lot of beach lounges and umbrellas; some are very close to the ground. Some of the reviews before we went said how bad the bugs were; perhaps they didn't like us we were not bothered with them. The housekeeper would put lovely flowers in our bathroom and then there would be a trail of ants that were a nuisance but not a big deal. The evening shows were bright and classy. The daytime activities were enjoyed by all who participated along with the spectators. If the activities would post a bulletin board at the pool area telling what the daily activities are along with the time perhaps that would be helpful for others to participate. If you are trying to decide on going to this resort go. We checked with a travel agent prior to booking and we were told not to go here it was old and not well maintained. We did not find that to be true. It was wonderful; and sometime in the future we hope to return. We like to visit different places so we do not go to one place yearly like some travelers; but we do have this on our list of places to return. Enjoy your trip and may your experience be as good or better than ours. Nancy vacations  
<Date>Oct 30, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Can't complain Having read many of the reviews of this hotel (after we had booked, obviously) the panic was starting to set in. We needn't have worried.I'll be the first to admit that I'm not generally a complaining person, but would be hard pushed to find anything worth complaining about. My girlfriend and I spent two weeks at the hotel and were a little bored while the weather wasn't great as there was little to do indoors, other than sit at the bar or try and get one of the five or so pool tables (- so take travel scrabble with you!)We do not have children so I cannot comment on the activities for kids (or lack of them) but if you are looking for a relaxing holiday away from work then this is adequate. There were a couple of dodgy smells in one of the corners of the complex, but bearing in mind the state of the rest of the country they have done a very good job!The pool and hotel were always clean the entire time we were there, the buffet food is best avoided if possible (but you always have to be careful what you eat abroad), the only problem was that we found that the sun-loungers were not very comfortable.We also managed to get into the speciality restaurants every day as for the days we didn't have bookings we would head to reception and ask them if there were any spaces in any of the restaurants. This only worked as the occupancy was around 60% while we were there. We were both very impressed by the quality of the food in the restaurants. We went to most of them more than once (we only managed to go to the Mexican once, but this was where we had the most friendly service). There seems to be a very good selection on each menu - a choice of about 4 starters or 2 soups, 6 main courses and 4 desserts. Again this might differ when the occupancy is closer to 100%.We did not bother going to the casino, the disco or watching any of the evening entertainment so I cannot comment. We were there for a relaxing break. If we wanted a lively drinking holiday we would have gone to the Mediterranean. Also we were not warned about the $10 entry tax and $20 leaving tax per person as you pass through the airport.Our holiday was very nice and stress free, but not perfect. If you are looking for two weeks in paradise then you should probably pay the extra and book paradise. If you are looking for an uneventful, relaxing, clean  friendly hotel then this could be fine for you.We will not be going back for the simple reason that there is much more of the world to see. However, I have no regrets in booking this hotel this time and there seemed to be no major complaints from anyone else we spoke to.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Greatest holiday of my life! goin back next year for the 3rd time!! Wot a great holiday the best i have ever had, i cant wait to go back. I cant believe there are so many people that didnt enjoy it! The entertainment was fantastic, the staff were all really friendly (especially the trapeze guys, coca cola, cowboy and max). the shows at night were amazin and the disco was great too. Although the rooms are quite basic they still had everything i needed so they didnt bother me at all. The food was nice at all the restaurants and i know that some people do get upset stomachs but that can be put down to anything for example drinking to much, and even if it was the food that made some people ill you cant nessacerely blame the hotel because you can get food poisening from any where.It was my mum's wedding the first year that i went and she had the time of her life along with the 20 other people that came aswell, there was a hurricane at the end of our 2 week trip but as we went in hurricane season you cant really complain especially as the hotel did everything they could to make sure that you had things you needed, like food and entertainment for guests. When i came back this year i was totally shocked to see how much work had been done on the hotel to make it look the same as it did before the hurricane had hit. Any way i've just booked up again to go next year and i cant wait!!!  
<Date>Oct 27, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>never again Where do i start? Just got back from what was meant to be our dream holiday, upgraded everything from the room to premiair gold on the plane we wanted everything to be just right which it was in the second week when we got our hotel changed!The flight out was fantastic, the staff were wonderful they couldnt do enough for you, we thought this was the start of things to come, how wrong we were!Arrived at the hotel at night so just got in our room and got our heads down and thought we could wake up in paradise tomorrow! Woke up and couldnt see out the window because it was so damp, the rooms were basic but kept clean. The staff were very friendly, the entertainment is appauling it is outside so if it rains you either dont get any or it is in the very smelly night club down stairs. Talking of smells the whole place smelt disgusting, i think the damp is the only thing holding the place up! The kids disco at night does not exist. The lobby is all open plan so when it was raining and windy at night it was freezing, the whole place lacks that bit of class you expect on your holday.The sea is very rough my partner got knocked over and my daughter couldnt go in it, it wasnt safe at all. It was so boring, if you had children all they have is the swimming pool which looks nice but is dirty once you get in, the reason we booked this holiday was the kids club, a few hours a day on our own with our child entertained not wanting to leave! How wrong we were again! I took my 7 year old outgoing little girl down stairs to again a very smelly drab looking room and there to greet us was one woman-no children! I left my daughter for half an hour to see if she liked it, when i went back my daughter was sat in the corner doing a 3yr olds puzzle, a man was trying to settle his toddler in and where was the woman? on the phone! She just about got off it so i could sign my daughter out but then went back on it!! So needless to say she didnt go back, i was disgusted, is this there idea of fun?The food in the buffet and the merlin was revolting the beach body i had tried for weeks to get i had within 4 days of being at breezes, everyone we spoke to had had an upset stumach. You are only allowed 3 reservations in the specialist restaurants a week, so you are stuck with the buffet the rest of the time.Our caribbean dream was crumbling around us, we were stuck in our damp room with hi de hi down stairs. By day 4 we had had enough we went and found our rep and told him to either get us plane rides home or change to a different hotel because this hotel is no-where near being 4 star. He said for an extra $90 we could swop to the Bahia Principe down the road, thank god, we paid and went that night. We had arrived in paradise this hotel was beautiful it had 4 pools, jacuzzis in your bathroom, beautiful surroundings, fabulous beach, you could book every night in the specialist restaurants, the kids club took my daughter to the beach, swimming pool, played games, it is in a different league to breezes. We were told not to expect a 4* to be the same as over here so we went very open minded but breezes is a joke, it is the worst holiday we have ever had and we will never go back. If you want to be pampered dont go to superclubs breezes.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2005
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Should Be a 2* Well where can i start, our Holiday was the worst ever. I went to the Superclubs Breezes with my mum, dad and boyfriend from 26th sept til 11th oct 2005 and it was the worst holiday ive ever been on. AIRPORT:We arrived roughly about 7.30pm (Dominican time) the ques in the airport were very long and workers... very slow. We were directed to our coach fairly well but bell boys who work for the airport charge you $5 for every bag they take (without permission) TRANSFER:It took about 2 hours from La Romana airport and the ride was very bumpy, the transfer was pretty good though coz you get to see how the people their really live - bit scary though, just drive how they like. We arrived at the hotel about 10.15pmCHECK - IN:Check in was pretty quick and the bell boys showed you to your rooms with your bags. On arrival we recieved a welcome pack with our room key, safe key and a map of the Hotel. ROOMS:The smell in the rooms was unbearable!! They were well catered with TV, kettle, Hairdryer, Iron n Ironing Board, CD Player (jumped), Phone and a well stocked mini fridge (water, 7up  pepsi). Before we went to this Hotel we read reviews and people were complaining about, what we thought were daft things including lumpy pillows, believe me they are lumpy - we never had a good nights sleep whilst we were their. My mum  Dads Bathroom tap was falling off the sink and in our bathroom the air conditioning was leaking - (this was in the second room, we all moved once, the first one was even worse).RESTAURANTS:Alcazar (main buffet): Every night was supposed to have a different theme, spanish, dominican, italian etc - everything tasted the same, just with a different dressing but to be honest it all tasted the same and it was all horrible - the only thing we ate from this restaurant was chips and bread.Marlin (steak bar): We ate here on a couple of occassions both for Lunch and Dinner. For Lunch we were eating burgers, chicken, chops etc but you had to check they were cooked, we got a couple of burgers one day  they were burnt on the outside and frozen in the middle, yuk! I must admit the evening meals were lovely - try the shrimp cocktail for starter, leek and potato soup for 2nd, lobster for main and apple strudle for desert - was all to die for. I tried the steak their once but it was really tough. Martinos(Italian): All they cooked was spagetti bolognase - wasnt even niceEl Conuco(dominican)we never tried it but heard it was pretty goodMunasan(japanese):This was excellent - best meal we had - You could choose your own starters but then everyone had the same main meal - egg fried rice, chicken, beef and prawns (could just eat it again). Absolutly delicious. Paris (french): We only had 2 courses and left - got no more to say on that one - just dont get the onion soup (comes with cheese on toast in the middle) or the duck - raw. El Sombrero (mexican): This was open 24 hours - we went their once for our lunch, had freezin cold chips and hard pizza. We also had a reservation for the night but we looked at the menu and left. BARS:Were pretty well staffed but still very slow - they were all local drinks so it was really hard to get drunk (3 times in the whole holiday) POOL:The pool was gorgeous really clean and really warm. There was always music and activities on poolside but we didn take part.SERVICES:You are issued with a voucher at the beginning of our holiday to get towels from poolside, you can change for clean ones anytime during the day. Once you had finished with the towels you took them back in exchange for one plastic card per towel - don lose them as you will have to pay at the end of the trip. The towel man was really cool. The maids / room cleaning was very good (certainly for my room) always promptly cleaned and left very tidy. Fresh towels left most days.EXCURSIONS:Shark Adventure: Absolutl;y excellent but we bought an underwater camera from our rep (Simon) but it never took one photo, grr !!! Highly RecommendedOutback Safari: Really Good - find out about the country, see lots of different tourist attraction but loads of fun - very good - also recommendedSaona Island - Wasnt very good - alot of travelling - was a full day trip but we only actually had 1hr 45mins on the island, not very good at allBavaro Shopping - Just like going into the same shop about 15 times just to be forced to look at tatty souveniers - hated itAbove 4 excursions cost $240 each in totalHelicopter Ride ($90) - Was really good but we only went on for 15 mins - well worth itWe also went parasailing which was really scaryWATERSPORTS - Have to book 1 day in advance but no-one told us till we went to go on the bannana boat on the last day - really annoyed meSUMMARY: The above review may seem good because of all the excursions we went on but we only did them to get out of the hotel. Their was no air conditioning anywhere apart from in your room, so you cant eat your food without getting a sweat on, the food was terrible (apart from munasan), rooms and disco smelt really bad, drinks were really poor also. Although the staff were pretty friendly - i have alot more points too add but i think its getting a bit long now so any questions - by all means e-mail me! I would just like to say that this was a 2* spanish hotel stuck on a carribean island.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2005
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Sarah_Buttaci
<Content>Also 2nd time! Going Bk next year for the 3rd Time!!!! Well where do i start! firstly i understand people have their own opinions on places but i think some are slightly overbored and even untrue, it is a shame people are always first to critercise for slight hickups on their holiday even though i can assure you that they still had a very good time, Please do not be put off by these negative reviews about this hotel because if the food was that bad that it was a certainty i was goin to get food poisoning or the rooms were unbareable to live in, im sure i wouldn't be returning for a 3rd year in a row! i am only 18 years of age and have saved up now for a second time to go back to the Dominican Republic! that must count for something!The First time i went to SuperclubBreezers Punta September 2004 was with a Party of 20 for a wedding, the holiday was amazing and the wedding was the most beautiful ive ever seen. There was a hurricaine as it was hurricaine season. Luckly it was at the end of our holiday and it didn't get us down, if anything it made are holiday that much more special we we're kept entertained all day and the food kept comin out of know where which was a surprise at there was quite alot of damage to the hotel. Despite this we still arranged to return the following year due to our Fantastic time. So we Arrived once again at Superclubbreezers Punta Cana September 2005 this time their was only 8 of us, as it was the one year annerversay of the couple that got married there the previous year. In the back of my mind i thought it wont be as good the second time round it never is. But gosh how i was wrong it was and im not joking the best two weeks of my life. To our suprise the hotel was back to normal all the deverstation that had occured from the hurricaine had dissapeared!!! it was perfect. The staff made sure that we were enterained every minute of the day! if you are the activity type Cowboy, Cocacola, Mandy, and Max will find you!!! from water polo, vollyball, or any type of game you can think of with a balloon a group of people and a swimming pool they did it!If you just wanted to chill by the pool or beautiful tropical beach that was fine by them. If you ever go to this hotel you must get chatting wit the Trapeze guys (the nicest guys ever) look out for Manuel, George, Antonio, Monstro, and Heireberto always there if you fancy a chat or try to persuade you to go on the Trapeze. My friend did it and said it was a great experience.If you can catch the dancers (Jean, david, omar, DJ brea, Dj Flaco) for a chat i'd advive you do despite they are practicing hard all day preparing the evening enterainment show which is always very entertaining Lip Singing Contest (Very Funny) once a week there is a Kareoke Night which alot of people including myself take part in and is such a laugh. In the night there is The Hurricaine Disco, where everyone goes to get there grove on, its a good place to meet the fellow teenagers and make friends, depending on what time of year you go will determing how busy it will be in there.When walking round the hotel you get such a homely feeling that i feel home sick from it now and cant wait to go back, everyone is so friendly and everyone know's everyone as they all take part in the day and night activities.Right now the topic of Food.. I dont see anything wrong with the food, they have a wide selection to suit all. There could be many reasons for people getting sick for example the Maleria tablets, the change in temperature, and also the change in food types. (my advice is to just be aware of what your eating) People can get ill in any different country not just here! Yes the rooms i agree are simple but who cares, your only in them to sleep!If you ever decide to get a taxi and experience other disco bars i'd advize you do there great and you get to experience real dominican styple partying! Well I think ive said enough now. If you get the chance to ever go. GO! im sure you wont regret it! I hope what ive just told you will help you if you are unsure of anything and have any questions email me at SarahButtaci17@msn.com  
<Date>Oct 20, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not a Four Star Plus hotel We have just returned from a 3 week holiday at the superclub breezes. The hotel is not quite what we expected and we where not impressed with the level of service that we got especially at the weekends when they let the locals in. From Friday to Monday the service goes and they seem to concentrate more on the locals that they let in rather than the far travelling tourists that have paid a lot of money to stay there. The hotel suffers from a lot of damp and they need to address that issue soon before the hotel falls behind in it's standards. Cannot fault the cleaners especially our cleaner who always made us feel welcome and out room always was cleaned to the highest standard i've ever seen. the speciality restaurants are not that good except the Japanese which was really good.The shop that they have there is extorsionate, they will rip you off at every given moment, a little tip for you always check your change.Most disapointed with the hotel and will not be returning to that one again. try the Riu Mambo in the north for a more enjoyable stay  
<Date>Oct 20, 2005
<Rating>3	1	2	-1	5	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel, Great Staff We returned from Breezes on the 11th October 2005 and after reading all the negative reports on this hotel prior to travelling were dubious about what we were going to find. We travelled as a group of 8 people ageing from 24-64 and not one complaint in a fortnight.The hotel was great, staff friendly and very responsive to your needs, the rooms were cleaned every day, fridge topped up and if we had a problem,it was seen to the same day, manners and respect go a long way.The pool and beech were 1st class, as was the food at the Beech buffet bar through the day.We had all our evening meals in the Alcazar Buffet Restaurant, great choice and plenty to eat we never really found the need to go to any of the others.The Spa was a real pleasure and serious pampering.The Staff at the water sports centre were excellent.Entertainment staff were good and hard working they do long hours to keep everyone happy and always manage to have a smile on there face, the shows were good on an evening for those who managed to last the night out.For all those people travelling to anywhere in the Dominican Republic you will always hear horror stories about people and how ill they were, from experience as this was my 6th visit to this island what they negect to mention is that they drank to much alcohol as its on tap, or to many pina colada's as they are a natural laxative made out of coconut, or that they just didn't drink enough water so as not to dehydrate.Cast your own opinion on what you find but remember your not at home and the people looking after you don't live in conditions as good as the ones your holidaying in.Finally Relax and Enjoy  
<Date>Oct 19, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>2ND TIME ~ BEST HOLIDAY EVER !!!!! This was my second time to the Breezes hotel Punta Cana, it was as brilliant as the first! A group of us went and enjoyed every minute of it, so much we are going back for a 3rd year. I can not understand all the negative reviews, if it was really that bad, why would i be going back!!!!!!The hotel itself is amazing, you dont realise how big it is! The pool was always clean and tidy. Our rooms were cleaned every day, and the mini-bar was filled with an endless supply of water, pepsi and 7-up. Both years we have had a sea-view and i can say it was the most amazing view. The rooms are quite basic but to be totally honest we were never in them, apart from when we slept, so who cares!The food was also really good! The 24 hour mexican was fantastic, most nights after the nightclub we would stop of for pizza about 4 in the morning, where we would meet up with most of the other youngsters, which always turned out to be a real laugh. I would say however, be careful of what you eat. I have seen many reviews of complaints on the food but to be honest you can get an upset stomach in your own country . My advice is if it doesnt look cooked dont eat it! Dont worry though, dont let worrying ruin your holiday because i wasnt ill once on holiday. People who complain are quick to Criticise and blame the hotel but, it could be the fact they had too much to drink the night before, or arent drinking bottled water. It can also be the malaria tablets!The entertainment is really good, we watched the shows everynight and were always a real laugh. If they show the 'lip singing contest' or 'Breezes Night Fever' these were are favourites, you wont be dissappointed! We also had great fun dancing to the 'uno, dos, tres' clubsong! The Hurricane disco was also really good, a lot better after a few drinks. The staff are usually there when they finish work, and are all up for a laugh. I think it depends on the time of year you go as to how good the nightclub is. We went 1st-15th of september so it was quite busy, which ment we made loads of friends in the nightclub, but at the end of the day it is what you make of it as to how much you enjoy it! They play a mixture of both English and Spanish songs. Which are both really good. We also got a taxi to a local nightclub 'mangu' (which is part of another complex) and had the best night ever. You really get a feel for the dominican party life! The daytime entertainment is also really good, the trampoline and trapeze are both really good, and the guys who work there are the nicest guys you could ever meet. We knew a few from the previous year and they still remembered us! Which was really nice. The banana boat is amazing and if you have never tried it i would highly recommend it. The horse riding is also a fun trip and you get to go along the beach which is incredible. We also did the 4-wheelers which was a fun day out, and would definatly do it again. The entertainment by the pool is also really funny, and great to watch if your not up for taking part!!!!The staff are the most friendliest people ever, they really make sure you enjoy the holiday. They are always there to help, providing non-stop entertainment, they always have a smile on their face. The staff work really long hours and they never moan. Make sure you get talking to all the trapeze guys ( Manuel, Antonio, Heriberto, Franciso and George) they are really top guys! Other staff members who i would recommend getting to know are Cowboy, Coca-Cola, Max, Jean , Mendy (Danny Davito), Andrea, Eddie and Rockfeller! They really made are holiday and we hope to see them all next year!!I have had the best holiday of my life at this hotel, the weathers hot, the sea is blue, who can complain. I would recommend it to everyone! Hope you enjoy it as much as we did.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Worst Vacation This was by far the worst resort I've ever visited (and I travel often). Please don't ignore the negative reviews, they are real. I decided to give the resort a try despite some of the comments that I'd read and I regret that decision. The largest problem was that many people at the resort were experiencing symptoms of food poisoning. My best friend was sick from the second full day of our trip through the remainder of our time at the resort. I spoke with at least 10 other people at the resort who were embarrassed to admit that they had the same symptoms. Everyday the resort store would have several guests buying immodium, Pepto Bismol and any other stomach medicine that could be found. We even went to dinner one night and a 10 year old girl begged her parents not to make her eat the food at the cafeteria because it gave her diarrhea and made her face swell. This was only one of the major problems with the hotel. We stayed in guest room 6417. The shower was broken in the room. When we called the front desk (more than once) no one came to fix it despite the promise that they would. When we finally got the shower to work we spent our stay being either frozen or burned by the alternating water temperature during any shower whether 1 minute or 10 minutes in length. You had to make reservations for every restaurant at the resort (even when they didn't have any patrons) and they'd always claim to be full unless you stayed in line at 5:30 daily to make reservations. I could provide additional comments about what went wrong during this trip, but I won't go into all the sordid details. I wouldn't recommend this resort to anyone. It was by far the worst experience that I've had in my travels. I have stayed at a Breezes resort before and did not have this same experience. I do believe it had to do with this particular resort in Punta Cana. Be sure to take notice of the negative items that are being reported, especially if the same items show up in more than one review. Trust me there is truth to what you are reading. Symptoms of food poisoning are very serious and will definitely ruin your vacation. It's not worth the risk. I wish we could have done it over again. I would NOT have chosen this resort and I won't make that mistake again.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great time im Punta Cana My partner and I have just returned from Superclubs Breezez in Punta Cana and I can honestly say I do not have 1 bad comment about the place.We went on 26th September for a week and we had a ball from start to finish. The Layout of the hotel is superb, the structure is absolutely amazing, the decotr is gorgeous and the people are so friendly.The restaurants have a very good selection of food available. The bars have any type of drink you want. The bar and restaurant staff were very nice to.The pool was absolutely amazing. There was entertainment by the pool daily and the buffet restaurant was 2 steps away and was well shaded. if you fancied a drink you just jumped in and swam up to the pool bar, which was lovely.It took 30 seconds to walk to the beach which was also amazing, pure white sand and lovely tropical water, although the water was rough.We went on a quad biking trip which was excellent and we also hired out speed boats. The speed boats were good but not for the faint hearted as the sea is so rough. The weather was absolutely amazing but very warm, so keep the high factor suncream on. The bedrooms were lovely to with good air-conditioning. All in all this holiday was the best I have been on. We did not spend alot of money either as everything is all enclusive.I would definately recommend this Holiday to everyone, there were couples there and families with young children, everyone got along great and had a great time. I would definately give this holiday 10 out of 10  
<Date>Oct 10, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice country, Crap Hotel! Very poor experience, the only good thing about staying in this hotel was we met a fantastic couple Dougie  Kim, The hotel was very damp, the food was very limited and the staff did not know what true customer service is, I will not ever use a hotel within this group again!  
<Date>Oct 8, 2005
<Rating>2	3	1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Hotel this hotel is excellent, buetiful, cant go wrong with it! i travelled with my family in september 2005, i have 3 children and they all loved it! the food was excellent, the chinese was nice the pizzas and hamburgers were lovely. they served ice creams for the children. the entertainment for the children was good. they like the ice skating rink, and horse riding on the beach. i would recomend this hotek to anyone with families. its excellent the people and staff are lovely. this hotel might have lacked in service earlier this year , but there have been improvements to this hotel. they renovating some parts of the building when i was there. i mean things like towels and little things in the hotel rooms, they were improving there equiptment.if you are going to the dominican go to this hotel, you wont regret it!  
<Date>Oct 7, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Brezzes, Punta cana Review... not good. I have just returned from a 3 week holiday at the Breezes Punta cana resort in the DR.Having been to the North coast of the Dominican Republic 3 times already, I thought I would visit the Caribbean Side and opted from the Breezes Restort which looked excellent in al the brochures.As a very honest and outgoing person I am going to write this review as direct as possible, I understand that there are always two sides to every story - however this is my considered opinion:I would not return to this hotel.Overall I had a good holiday and did enjoy myself however please consider my experiences before booking:Food:The main Restaurant offered a good choice of food. Each night, the had a different Theme which was nice... some better than others though!! I would say the standard of the food and setting was that of an average restaurant in the UK. It was only OK.The hotel has speciality restaurants... French, Japanese, Italian and Dominican. These had much better service in terms of staff who were as you would expect.. the food was once again only OK. AVOID THE SEAFOOD!!! Two of our holiday friends became seriously ill hours after the Seafood night in the main buffet - one lady spent the last two nights of her holiday in hospital and missed her flight home due to illness! Pool:The pool was really good. Swim up bar was great and it was generally clean and tidy. The after hours staff work really hard to ensure the pool is looking good for the morning. Also their was a BBQ Hut next to the ppol serving chicken, Steak and Fish - this was really good.THE SUN LOUNGERS WERE TERRIBLE!! You would expect a 4 + star hotel to have decent loungers... they were soooo bad and we spent 20 mins every day searching out loungers that did not really hurt after 5 mins of bathing!Beach:stunning, although the sea was just as rough as the North (Atlantic) coast.. we went on a day trip which took us 30 mins further south and he sea was true Caribbean. This was a little bit disappointing although the sand was great and the beach streached for miles.Staff  Service:Very poor. There really seemed to be a management issue with the staff. Many staff were grumpy and almost rude. I was very dissapointed with this. As always there were a few members of the staff that were extra special in their attempts to help make your holiday great.Major Issues:ON our arrival our shower didnt work, our bath wouldnt fill, the patio door was broken and the lights in out room didnt work!!!!When I spoke to reception the girl said they would charge me $20 x 21 nights! to move rooms! When i asked to speak with the general hotel manager i was told that he wouldnt speak with me.. i had to threatn to cancel my credit card, book into another hotel and then on my return to the UK legally persue the company for my expans and compensation!!!!This is not what you want to be doing in the first few hours of your holiday!!We had friends that had their room broken into in the middle of the night - yes! they woke up to find a man in their room that had come through the patio door!!The sad thing was that having stayed at the RIU resorts before I thought I would trying something of similar standard. Every time we went on a trip we met other couples from the RIU hotels who were totally raving about their accomodation!!!Entertainment:The shows at night time were poor. they do try hard but the phrase caribbean butlins does come to mind.All in all, I had a really good holidaywith my lovely girlfriend because of the experiences we had, the great people we met and because we could put the issuses with the hotel to the back of our mind and make the most of the situation.If anyone has any questions, I would be glad to help: ianbarclay@gmail.com  
<Date>Oct 5, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>laurie-anne
<Content>A great holiday - Dont listen to the negative reviews!       The beach, its perfect, looking back at Breezes.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>fantastic hotel and people i will try and keep this review as simple as possible. I was travelling with my husband and 2 boys aged 10  12. We had a fantastic time, the hotel is beautiful and very clean , the restaurants were very good especially the speciallity ones didn't really like the buffet restaurant as i saw so many other guests coughing into food touching it and also picking there noses which was nothing to do with the quality of the food just the other guests who some where not very thoughtful of other people eating the food. The kids were entertained all day with the kids club staff especially Clara and the trapeze staff were great with kids and adults alike, my sons loved these guys especially Goerge, Antonio, Aliberto etc. I didn't come across any rude members of staff, but i did find that some guests were very disrespectful to them. Do not have any worries about this hotel you will have a great time, the only down side is that you are in the middle of knowhere so can get a bit boring sometimes, if your used to doing all the time. Met some great people on holiday Steve  Diane, Anita, Jeff  kids, Will  Gwen, Jason, Hayley  kids, Martin, Dionne  Leon to name but a few hello to you all if your reading.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>silverjames
<Content>great island, friendly people, but hotel is only average       Room View  
<Date>Sep 16, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Way Better than expected - Pleasantly surprised Well we went to Breezes as my Brother in Law was getting married on the beach there. We went from the 5th - 12th September and were extremely worried about being ill following the reviews on the web, in the papers and on TV. The transfer from La Romana airport was about 1hr 45 mins a bit of a bumpy old road but heho it is a third world country.Check in was quick, hardly a queue at all. We had a lovely superior ocean view room and it was kept clean daily and fridge was stocked with pepsi, diet pepsi, 7up and water. There was a coffee maker too  tea and coffee was provided although we took a travel kettle for making the tea. they provide you with sachets of powdered milk, but I think there was milk cartons in the shop.The choice at the buffet was amazing at breakfast, you could pick your ingredients from the selection put them on a plate, take them to the chef and he would whip you up a lovely omelette, there was cereal, fruit, meat, bread eggs, kids selection as well as coffee, tea water, milk and juice. It has lovely arches in the buffet area that overlook the pool area, so yes we saw a few blackbirds come in after the crumbs but only really near the arches and they weren't a problem.We tried most of the restaurants. The Italian is air conditioned and lovely food. The japanese is great food although a bit hot and stuffy as the food is cooked in front of you but worth it. The french was good too although the creme brulee left a bit to be desired. The Mexican was also very good. The only one we weren't too keen on was the Dominican one and that was personal opinion and we never used the buffet one at night so can't comment on that.The bar staff were great and very friendly.The pool was huge a bit of debris but it was mainly the odd leaf or flower some times a plastic cup which really could be blown into any pool. We swam in it every day, it was so gorgeously hot there, you needed to cool your body down somewhere.The beach was fantastic, it worked on a flag system, green-ok, amber - stronger swimmers and red - NO SWIM. the beach had white sands, was clean and plenty of parasols made with dried palms i think, so you could go in shade. There was parasailing, kyacks, helicopter, horse riding, scuba diving etc availableThe wedding was lovely on the beach and all went well.The shop was slightly expensive, but we only bought a lilo and a few bits so it didn't really affect us.A few of us have had the sqwits, but in all honesty you could get that on any holiday.In all we were relieved, that it was so much better than expected. We had the ice as we were told it was made from purified water and had no problem. Th others in the family had salad as we were told this too is washed in only purified water. YOU CANNOT DRINK THEIR TAP WATER but we already knew this. And of course you brush your teeth in mineral water remember.Hope this answers or helps someone.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MAgirl10
<Content>Great Time!!!! I wanted to write about my experince because after reading previous reviews I almost cancelled my trip. First I have to start by saying I am 30 years old and went to SuperClub w/ 3 girlfriends from highschool. We read and reread all these reviews before going and grew extremely concerned about our trip. Lots of complaints of cleanleness and health risks. We were discouraged and almost just cancelled our trip that had been planned for months- long story short I'm so glad we did not.We had a blast. Our expectations were as follows..beach, pool, relaxation and to catch up. Checkin went fine- had to wait a hour or so for our room but no big deal- we had a drink at the bar - checked out the resort and waited. We stayed in a room that resembled a townhouse- 2 bedrooms, 1 w/ 2 double beds downstairs, and decent kitchen (remeber it's all inclusive so who cares what the kitchen is like- the fridge worked and that's all we cared about) and 1 bedroom upstairs w/2 double beds. The rooms were clean - there was a safe in the room which we used for our camera, passports ect- better to be safe then sorry right?We honestly didn't spend much time in the room. The pool was AMAZING! I have stayed at many resorts all over the world and this pool was by far one of the nicest. It's extremely deep so you may want to pack a raft to bring w/ you to relax on- they do sell the at the gift shop but very expensive. The beach was beautiful but it's on the ocean so of course it's rough- to rough for me to swim in but there were people swimming- they actually post flags for the torist to know the undercurrents intensity on that day. The food was great! Plenty to choose from - the buffett was yummy w/ lots of options for everyone- the resturants were also great- absolutly no complaints w/ the food. I was extremely concerned about getting sick while I was there- so I was VERY careful about what I choose to eat- my friends were not. Ironically they were all fine w/ no problems and I ended up a tad ill. It passed quickly and just to be safe I went to the MD on site. He gave me some meds- diariahh (spelling?) I napped for 2 hours and then I was good to go- w/ no further problems. I attribute it to just being in a foreign country and eating diffrent foods- which could and has happened w/ in the US.. so don't stress about it- if it's going to happen it's going to happen - it didn't ruin my trip in the least and was just an incovience for a few hours. Anyways enough about that.The staff was GREAT and friendly. There was so much to do. They had a rock climbing wall, a club, vollyball games a few times a day, Spanish lessons, ice skating(which was weird) dance lessons, tons of pool games and nightly shows. We did not leave the resort. I would suggest not leaving. You will see as you are driving from the airport to the resort you'll see the poverty sticken country side which is very sad. But the resort is safe. They have guards all around the property. I would not suggest walking on the beach at night by yourself but as long as you keep your head about you - you will be fine- just like anywhere else you would travel. If you have any questions feel free to email me at e_luckie@hotmail.comHave fun !!!!  
<Date>Sep 15, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very honest review Having just returned from superclub breezes (5th- 12th sep 05) both myself and my boyfriend were pleasently suprised with the hotel. I will provide you with an honest and accurate review of all aspects of the hotel:ROOM: Therre was a huge comfortable bed, well stocked mini fridge, powerful air conditioning, the pillows were very lumpy and the water in toilet, sink and shower was often not working throughout the day (you are in a third world country where plumbing is still developing!) Good TV and some American channels. There was an ant's nest outside our room so ants were a minor problem.SERVICE: waiters at the restaurants were very good constantly asking you if you would like a drink. The maid service was average as the bathroom wasn't cleaned very well. Our sheets and towels were changed daily if required. The staff at the reception were friendy although some found it hard to speak much English.FOOD: can't really comment on the food because both of us had an ongiong stomach upset but we believe that this was due to the malaria tablets we were taking. I was aware before we travelled of many problems with the food in the hotel. However nobody in the hotel was seriously ill as far as we know but I would advise to stay clear of the Japanese al a carte restaurant because people were projectile vomiting after eating there. We ate at the buffet (Alcazar) every night and the food was ok. Food was available 24hours a day along with select bars.ENTERTAINMENT: The day time activities were good for both adults and children. The staff are both friendly and hard working. There is a poor ice skating rink, a gym, rock climbing wall and a trapeze. There are water sports and trips available to go on. We travelled with Tompson and although we didn't go on any trips we heard that they were good although VERY EXPENSIVE. We wanted to swim with dolphins but it cost $321 each. Also be aware that if you cancel a trip due to illness you will not be refunded your money unless you have a doctors note or you are in hospital. The consultation fee to see the on site doctor is around $50. I would also advise you to take dollars, not pesos which is the dominican currency. The night time activity was, on average, an enjoyable 1hr 30 min show which was different every night and then there was a disco in the hotel.POOL/BEACH: The beach was beautiful although the sea was rougher than we expected. The waves can get very strong which children could not play in. We were there for 7 days and we only had one day of calm sea. The sands were pure white. The pool was huge and set around attractive gardens and bridges. There were also 2 jacuzzi's overlooking the beach. The pool was very warm but was still refreshing. The pool was constantly cleaned however because of its size and the amount of people using it, it did become dirty. The pool shop was useful although very expensive.All in all we had an enjoyable holiday despite reading MANY bad reviews and watching a bad programme about the hotel. Our reps were very helpful, especially Lisa. My advise would be: be careful what you eat, don't drink the tap water and use plenty of sun-tan lotion and drink plenty of water because the intensity of the sun is unbelievable! I'm sure you will have a very enjoyable holiday.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Exceeded Expectations!               More photos  
<Date>Sep 10, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>algorfa
<Content>Great holiday       Main Entrance  
<Date>Sep 10, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Bananagee
<Content>Superclubs Breezes       The Beach  
<Date>Sep 7, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>chrissypchy
<Content>Good for a short visit We went with about 8 couples last April. We chose to go here because it met everyone's needs as far as price is concerned. The best part about staying here is the beach. I am very well traveled and this is one of the prettiest beaches I have ever seen, especially considering that this is an all inclusive resort. Another good thing is the pool. It's very big and has a swim up bar. Some of the bad stuff includes the fact that the Dominican Republic is just not a nice place to visit. It's a very poor country and you'd be crazy to even THINK about leaving the resort grounds. They also really need to work on their service. Some (not all) of the staff were very rude and there were a few who didn't speak English. The resort also allowed little vendors onto their grounds who were aggressive and would really nag you to buy their jewlery, go on their horse-back riding tours, etc. The rooms are just OK. The bathrooms were a little gross with mold on some of the fixtures and the pressure wasn't that great. Other than that, it was clean and a decent size. I also must mention that I have a very sensitive stomach. I can't even drink the water in Florida without getting sick!! However, I had no problems in that area here. The last thing is the food. The great thing is that there are a lot of restaurants to choose from (it's always a good idea to make reservations). The Italian place and the Hibatchi place were in my opinion the best. I have had Hibatchi in some of the finest NY restaurants and was extrememly surpised to see that this was actually comparable!! The worst was lunch. None of the food was decent and it was always hard to find utencils. As far as nightlife, again, you really shouldn't leave the resort. They have a small casino and dance club. They also had a little stadium that had a show every night but we never made it out to that. I was with a large group so we made our own fun. If you make the effort, you can enjoy yourself at night.Overall, this place is great if you are looking for a short getaway and don't want to spend too much. I wouldn't stay more than 4 nights.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>You will get sick This was one of my worst experiences. The food is the worst I have ever tasted and you will get a gastrointestinal illness while you are there. It could be from the bugs all over it, the water supply, or the dirty disgusting pool. To top it off, we had no air conditioning for the last 3 days. They kept saying it was broke but it will be fixed by morning. Well, 3 mornings went by and we still didn't have air conditioning. Instead we were sick and dehydrated. We asked to see the manager but of course, he was never available. The beach is beautiful.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2005
<Rating>1	2	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>booah
<Content>not a 4 star more like 3 star If you haven't booked at Breezes yet I would advise against it. If you have don't despair, just make the best of it. My feelings shared may differ from how you feel a resort should be. The food in the buffet was fair to good. The variety was large and you could always find something you liked. The service however was fair to poor. A few times in fact we had to get our own coffee where it is supposed to be served. The employees saw us do this and did nothing to stop us. That wasn't very impressive. One morning the milk in our coffee curdled and after trying to tell the waitress the milk was bad she argued that there was nothing wrong with it, it just needs to be stirred.  I would advise against swimming in the pool as it was quite dirty. You couln't clearly see the bottom, it was cloudy and the colour wasn't right. In fact we read in a book there that if you can't see the bottom of the pool not to swim in it because it is not clean.  Our maid service in our room was below fair. She didn't go to any great lengths to clean our room nicely even after leaving a tip our first 2 days there, so the tipping stopped. Our room had a faint sewer smell all week that was quite unpleasant. The air conditioning grate had black mold buildup in it. Positive: The beach was beautiful!! We did make the best of it and had fun. Tip: If you like to do the ATV tour, book on the beach at the pool bar, it's cheaper and better than the place they send you when you book inside the resort.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Mixed feelings My boyfriend and I stayed in Breezes Punta Cana from 28th July until 11th August. I had read both positive and negative reviews about this resort and therefore decided to just go in with an open mind. I had never been to the Caribbean before...in fact, I had never been on a 4 star all inclusive holiday so I didn't really have any expectations. We had no problems checking in, but that was because only a very small group of people from our coach were staying at Breezes. On a few occassions throughout our stay I walked past reception and saw a huge queue. I think check in time is merely a matter of luck. The reception desk was usually staffed with at least four or five people, but if a coach arrives with 30 groups to check in then obviously this is going to take alot of time.In terms of the food I did think there was alot of variety and so all tastes were catered for. However, within two or three days my boyfriend and I developed quite painful stomach aches and these did not subside until a few days after we got back home. I know that often when you go on a holiday your body can take a while to adjust to the food as such, but this was beyond a joke. We were both constantly having to rush off from the beach/pool/restaurant/bar or wherever we were to the toilet, and I can only make the assumption that this was a result of the food. I thought our rooms were fine. Basic, but ours was very clean which was all we were concerned about. Everything worked properly and we had alot of room to spread out ie. two double beds. There was a power cut one night whilst I had shampoo in my hair but as it only happened once we just laughed it off.The pool and the beach were both clean and beautiful in my opinion. What were not clean were the tables it the buffet restaurants (both Marlin during the day and the main buffet). Any empty table often had the remnants of the last person's meals and drinks and left behind which is not something you really want to see when you sit down to eat. If you asked someone they would take it away for you but after a while it got a bit annoying to have to ask someone to clear a table every time you wanted to sit down. I have mixed feelings about the staff. I don't think I could generalise and say they are all lovely or they are all rude, because neither is quite accurate. Some of the staff were absolutely delightful. Always smiling, always helpful. I feel sorry for those people because other members of their staff give them all a bad name which is not fair. My negative view of some of the staff members stems from their lack of understanding that when I lost my visa card I needed to urgently make a phone call to stop the card and that I would deal with what I owed them etc after I had done this. It is a long and boring story as to the ins and outs of it, but I had to speak to about five different people in order to make the phone call and not leave a deposit for it as I had lost my card and my boyfriend was on the beach and I didn't have the time to go and find him to get money to pay for the call as I needed to stop it as soon as possible. Two women actually laughed and joked around with each other when I really needed their help before someone used my card, which I had already explained to them. I know the idea is that it is a relaxed atmosphere but when you need help quickly, you hope to get it!The Caribbean is a beautiful place but I would never return to Breezes as I felt that considering the money we paid there were too many problems.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2005
<Rating>2	2	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Have stayed in better places We stayed during the week of Aug. 22-27. The room was average, clean and organized. Check in was ok. The only problems I had was with the buffet the food was not good and the choices were not many. The kids club was more a babysitting center rahter than a place for the kids to spend time with fun activities and beach and pool time.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>soccerbum14
<Content>It was awesome!!! Hey everybody im a 15 year old from toronto, canada and i went to the breezes august 21-28(2005)!!! I thought it was very nice there, I never actually went to al a carte restaurants as i went to the buffet and found it had everything for everyone including a kids and vegetarian section!! The pool was great, I loved the size of it!!! All the bars were great!! The breezes staff in my opinion for excellent and always willing to help!!! Its a great place for families in my opinion!! I quite enjoyed the shows also!!..The tv in the room could have used a remote but hey who spends all there time in the room in a tropical destination!! The beach was beautitful!!! Overall I enjoyed the breezes very much and would recommend it!!!  
<Date>Aug 30, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Breezes Punta Cana I have no idea what people are talking about. This resort was fabulous! The staff was wonderful, the resort was beautiful, absolute paradise! For those who complained about the rooms being humid, well, your in the Dominican Republic! It's a bit humid, not Breezes fault. I would definitely return to this very same resort.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>glennno1
<Content>great great holiday / family from Romford,Essex, England My family which consisted of 2 children aged 10 and 6 and my wife and myself visited this hotel on the 11th August 2005.I was also very concerned with all the reviews i read on the tripadviser site and nearly cancelled my holiday and went elsewhere. Thankfully i didnt cancel as we had a superb holiday. Last year we travelled to Cuba and we really enjoyed it and thought it could not get any better but we enjoyed the Superclub breezes hotel better. First of all the hotel is kept very clean we saw the barbeque and all the grills in the hotel being cleaned and scrub at least twice a day, the food excellant in the a la carte restaurants 5 of them in all Italian, Japenese, and French were the best but all good although the booking system is a bit strange. When you arrive at the hotel if you are on a two week vacation you get 6 tickets to visit these restaurants over your stay but if you want more nights just speak to the reception and they will book you more nights.We also read many reviews concerning the dirty swimming pool , we found the bad reviews very strange as this pool is very clean and is swept out every morning and evening.The entertainment in the hotel is put on by the staff and they work very hard to try and make sure you enjoy yourself and most nights the entertainment is good fun.The activities in the daytime for everyone are excellant their is a trapeze, trampoline, rock climbing wall, pool tables, and many more activities around the pool.The beach is beautiful and the waves are excellant, the children loved the boogy boarding in the waves.The only negatives i have are sometimes the hotel staff seem a bit miserable but i think this is because they seem to work long hours for little money so the odd $1 tip helps, but the staff are always friendly with the children and the children loved being taught spanish by the entertainment team.Also i read alot of reviews about people being sick and was very concerned because my boy has a weak stomach but he was fine and so were we just drinks lots of bottled water to stop yourself dehydrating as it is very hot in the Dominican but their is always a nice breeze.The rooms are good and the fridge is always topped up with diet pepsi, pepsi, seven up and water. The air conditioning is really good when you have been out in the sun all day.Anyone visiting this hotel i am really envious off you and i am sure you will have a fantastic time, if you have any question please contact me on the e mail address below.Glenn.broadmore@bt.com  
<Date>Aug 30, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mel055
<Content>Great Holiday!!! I returned to the UK today from the Breezes hotel. I travelled with my husband and two daughters (9  13) We all had a fantastic holiday. The weather is hot and humid and it is well worth taking factor 60+ sun lotion as factor 30 didn't touch my youngest. We did have some problems on the first day with air conditioning in the room but having reported it to reception they were quick to help and moved our room.The restaurant system has improved from earlier reports- tickets are given with days and times to attend speciality restaurants to avoid the old queuing system. The Japanese and Italian were really good. There was always a selection of food to accommodate all tastes. We went on a couple of trips- Dominican Discovery, Marinarium, Saona Island- all fantastic days out- which we booked with the Thomas Cook Rep Sonya. She was very helpful on the holiday. We also went to Maniti Park. This was a great cheap day out for the whole family. Iguanas walking freely, parrot show, dance show, horse show and dolphin show. I wouldn't recommend swimming with dolphins there as the pool was quite small and people didn't have very long in the water with the dolphins, but well worth a visit.The waves can be very strong on the beach but the sea is lovely and clear. There are always plenty of beds on the beach too. The pool area can get busy- the only fault really is there are not enough umbrellas.Evening entertainment is limited, a resident dance troupe and a pianist. It was nice to visit the poolside/beach bar after the shows to relax before retiring to bed. The heat and humidity appear to dictate early nights! There is a disco and a casino and also a 24hour bar for people who like to stay up later. Cigarettes are very expensive at the hotel so it is worth buying them from duty free on your way out. There is not very much outside the hotel so you are mainly hotel based. We had a great holiday and made some great friends, Mick, Pauline and Callum, Kev, Sam  Faye.If you would like any questions answered please don't hesitate to email me: melphillips@lineone.net  
<Date>Aug 30, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>stig-of-the-dump
<Content>keep an open mind and you'll enjoy it!! First of all check in was very quick as we were only second in line, however the staff were very miserable and seemed like they really would have preferred to be doing something else.When we got to our room we had found that we had been automatically upgraded to a kingsize room as we were getting at the resort which we thought was really nice.after around an hour in the room unpacking, we went to the toilet and found that the chain was loose. Upon flushing the chain it came off in our hand! We thought it was hilarious at first. We rang down to reception who said no problem maintenance will be there in 20 mins. We thought brilliant no problem then! To cut a long story short we rang down to them 6 times and went down there twice after three and a half hours of waiting everytime being told He will be there in 20 mins. they kept ringing the maintenance (we think) and they kept saying no problem. We actually got told the second time we went down there that by the time we had walked back to our room the man would be there at our door. When we got there he wasn there. at 1130 we were so jet lagged we were soooo jet lagged we decided to get into bed. and then knock knock! I was very angry by this point. This domincan time is a load of rubbish! You should be told the real time its going to take not blantanly lied to. Me and my partner went to this resort which such open minds and the first week we just took with a pinch of salt any problems we just thought thrid world country, we're on holiday just enjoy it!We wanted to be ready to eat 18:00pm so we didnt have to queue and waste our holiday. So obviously we wanted to be showered and dressed for around 17:30. our room was never done till around 19:00 so we found ourselves chasing the maids around the hotle trying to get hold of a towells.In the end we decided that everytime we got fresh towells we would keep one for the following day so we could get ready.The buffet really does begin to get repetetive same thing every morning,There is so much stuff there is a huge variety really but nothing seems to go together. Such as there was mashed banana and onions, banana fritters, banana bread you name it and it had banana! we had omlette and pancakes on its own most morning as the milk for the cereal was goats milk! : ( THERE WAS SO MANY DIFFERENT TYPES OF FRUITS. The only problem being that the flies were swarming them. Shame really!Overall the first week was good, only ever watched one nightly entertainment show, It was just damn right wrong, they had a catwalk night with kids. They had kids walking up and down the catwalk in bikkinis!That is just sick you never kknow what type of person is in the audience.There was an abundance of complaints about this. and when the nughtfever show come on afterwards one of the ladies boobs fell out of her dress in front of the children. Some issues need adressing!The beach is absoloutley out of this world! It was so breath taking, we spent the majority of the time on the beach, I got up nice and early every morning (cos the wife kicked me out of bed) to put towells on the sun beds.Seriously i have been to many places and nothing compares to the quality of the beach. the kids are perfectly safe as there is life guards and sercurity supervising at all times.Excursions......We did many excursions, the 1st of which was the horse ride. It was literally a two minute ride to the Elt pat ranch. We did the sunset ride which was two hours. They take roughly three miles up the beach from the ranch to a place where there is abundance of coconut trees. They knock them down and slice the top off with a machetti and you drink from them that was an experience! Then you canter all the way back down the shore! AMAZING!!!!We swam with sharks, yes sharks, There is only three places in the world where you can do this so we jumped at the chance. It was very good but i think we would have enjoyed it more if we were feeling good. (swallowed too much see water!) It was brilliant so many tropical fish and massive sting rays and twenty nurse sharks. thay just swim right under you and throught your legs.We also did the outback safari, which was by far the best thing we did excursion wide whilst we were out there. It was really educational and soooo much fun. Beautiful sights of the mountains and beaches, You go to the schools and meet the the children. Ride through rivers Go into the mountains and see where jurassic park was filmed.We also did the catamaran which was pretty good. I cut my foot open on some glass on this trip. (More on that later)The second week was there the problems started really, or should i say where we could no longer put ona brave face to the problems we were having. The staff at the bars were extremely ignorant they about 15 mins to serve you and then served someone else who was behind you, obviously tippersmWe only tipped once the whole time we were there as we are believeres that if someone does a good job then they get tipped. Not tipped before hand. We tipped the bell boy as he carried both cases to our room and by the time he got to our room on the top floor he was exhausted and dripping wet! He deserved his $5 tip.The bartenders were by far the worst though if you ask me. There was a certain lady called jossephina who doesnt ask you what you want to drink she just points at you! I then said i would like twom pepsi's please in spanish and she walked off and we didnt get served so after 15 mins and i mean 15 mins of waiting we walked off. she really tried our patience.The cleaners when doing the rooms even at a late time did the rooms to a high standard. We had clean sheets every day. Also the external maintenance of the hotel is really good immacualte apart from the pool ( ill come back to that later also) there was even bloked cutting the edge of the grass with a machetti which was bewildering but funny aswell. The gardens and beach we immaculate very well looked after.During the second week of our stay the reservation system changed and no one was informed. Tuesday morning three tickets we were slipped under our door. They were reservations for 20:30, 09:00 and 10:00pm! i was not eating at the unsociable time of 10:00pm. I thought the whole idea of you going all inclusive was you eat WHERE you want and WHEN you want. There are 5 restaurants and with this new reservation system you only got to try three. We spoke to the manager regarding this because we were not happy. We was told there was no manager in to deal with our comaint so as soon as we started shouting the place down with another few groups of people they took us in the back to guess what? see a manager!She was talking over us and wouldnt listen to what we had to say and refused to change our reservations she said she couldnt over ride the system. and that if we didnt like it we could eat in the buffet what you have to do all day day in and day out! After an hours shouting at each other we all got we wanted. reservations at six where we wanted to eat. I am not exaggerating when i say no-one knew about these changes and eveyone was arguing with the waiters cos they didnt understand what the tickets were about and thought we could still walk in at six if we were ready.Our wedding day was a dream. The best day we had there! The staff really went out of their way to make this special for us. It was so romantic. The day couldnt have gone better apart from my bride getting stuck in the lift and was twenty minites late for the wedding. (The lifts kept breaking down while we were there lol!!) The meal was lovely, you get your own special menus with your name on and your own personal waiter for the night.I know at least five different groups out of the company we were travelling with who got sick. Including my wife and i. Some ending up seeing the doctor and paying 100 = $200 for antibiotics and an injection.There was no way i was being ripped off so i rode it out and stuffed my face with immodium. It wasnt nice having diahhorea and throwing up but it only lasted a couple of days thank god. The thing is no-one can determine what is making everyone sick, so an investigation needs to be done of some kind.bck to the catamarna and cutting my foot.We was on the Mytravel VIP catamaran trip when i stood on some glass in the sea. I gashed my foot open. it was quite a deep scratch bleeing wuite bad but only needed a plaster. My foot really was throbbing! The captain was brilliant he cleaned up my foot for me and bandaged me up. Anyway the followng morning it was still bleeding very slightly so we went down to to reception to ask for a plaster (or a band aid if their is any americans reading this). They refused to give me one!!! They said for a plaster i had to see the doctor as apparently a plaster is a form of medication! I said well dont you have any first aid boxes around that i can get a plaster from? No he said you to see the doctor and there will be a fee of $50. 25.00 just cos i wanted a plaster they couldnt be serious? oh they was. I was bleeding on the floor by reception it was half seven in the morning and i had to wait till 09:00 for the doctor! I demanded to speak to a manager. The manager stood up for his colleague and insisted i wait till 0900 to see the doctor. i was bleeding over the floor for crying out loud!The bloke wouldnt even look at us when he was speaking to us. So my wife said could you have some courtesy and look at us when we are speaking to you as its good manners. He got nose to nose with her and said abruptly is that better. If he had done this in england i would have floored the bloke.We walked off waited till nine and got a plaster from the rep.Last of all the pool.The second day of the second week the pool filter broke and wasnt fixed up and till the day we left and i dont know how long after that. There was facaes and glasses and insects in there you couldnt see the floor at all!The day we left there was many people who decided they had, had ebough and were moved to different accomodation.Overall i did enjoy my holiday the hotel is beautiful but the staff let it down immensly. I wouldnt urge people to cancel your holiday here as some was brilliant. in fact most was good. but when it was bad it was bad! sorry for the long review but i think it has covered everything  
<Date>Aug 30, 2005
<Rating>2	3	4	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Honeymoon in the Dominican Republic       Breezes Punta Cana Hotel  
<Date>Aug 25, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Evansv
<Content>Not Great but ok       Breezes Punta Cana Hotel  
<Date>Aug 23, 2005
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>tracygr
<Content>disappointed       japanese restaurant  
<Date>Aug 20, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Disaster We went to the Superclub Breezes in May, we wasn't that impressed with the food, 6 day's into the Holiday, l became ill, with sickness and diarrhoe, l tried to fight it off with Imodium, but became so ill and dehydrated, that my partner, called the hotel doctor, to cut a long story short , l was in Hospital for 2 days, whilst in the Hospital, there was at least half a dozen people in there from the Breezes, with the same complaint as myself, my partner met alot more at the Hotel, there was'nt one person we spoke to that didn'tknow or have somebody in there group, that had been ill, they were selling imodium in the shop like smarties, When l came out of Hospital, none of us dare hardly eat anything, and couldn't wait to get home, the entertainment was well boring, the night club was damp and smelly, l know they had no control over the weather, it rained constantly for a week, you can play only so much pool, and card games, not that l felt like doing anything anyway, we are know in the process of trying to get compensation. my Medical report from the Hospital, read that l contracted Acute Gastroenteritis, and a Parasite, that can only be contracted, through human faecal.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very average - not going back       View from our room 4404  
<Date>Aug 19, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>barbiepink
<Content>Wonderful second honeymoon Me and my husband stayed from 1 - 15 August. We were very worried having read so many bad reviews but decided the holiday would be what we made it. We got married at the Riu Tropical Bay in Jamaica in February with 31 guests so this holiday was a sort of second honeymoon by ourselves. The Riu is a five star and we both agreed that there wasn't much difference in the quality of the two hotels. We honestly can't understand how people can write such horrible things. Our check in was quick, we were given a room upgrade for being honeymooners and the bellboy took us with our bags straight to our room. Within a minute of closing the door there was a knock on the door and we were brought a fruit basket and a bottle of rum (all for being honeymooners). We were given an ocean view (room 2412). The room was nice and clean, the bathroom was very big and clean and we always had fresh towels and had our fridge refilled every day without having to ask. One day our tv broke. We called down to reception just before going out to dinner and by the time we got back it had been fixed. The grounds of the hotel are lovely and very well maintained. The beach is gorgeous. We spent every day on the beach. The pool looks very nice but it was always very busy and full of kids which wasn't what we wanted on our honeymoon. We swam in the pool one day but the water was very warm. The sea was much more refreshing and the waves were a lot of fun. We ate at the buffet every day for breakfast and found it fine. I found it a bit limited for lunch but that was mainly because I was being very wary of what I ate having read all the reviews about illness. Both me and my husband got through the entire stay without a hint of illness. One of us has always had something on every holiday we have been on except this one. We tried to book the speciality restaurants as much as possible. It made more of a night out than just going to the buffet. You get given reservations for each restaurant when you check in but if you want to change the time/date/restaurant you just go to the front desk and if they can fit you in they will. We managed to eat at one of the restaurants 8 nights out of 14. The Japanese, French and Italian are all gorgeous and the service is very good. The trapeze/trampoline staff were very friendly. They even got my husband involved in their circus show one evening. He had to do a trampoline routine after practicing with them during the day. This was probably the best hotel we have been to regarding things to do with the trapeze/trampoline/rock climbing/ice skating etc. and is very good for families. I would recommend the quad biking tour which can be booked at the hotel (easy riders). Their base is just up the road and the three hour tour was really good fun. If you do one of the jeep safari trips to see the island and want to take presents for the children, please don't take pens and pencils. That is what EVERYBODY takes and the kids end up with handfuls of pencils each every time a jeep goes past. We took other stuff like balls, hats, yo-yos etc. and they really seemed to appreciate these more. Also exercise books is a good idea as they all seem to have hundreds of pens but nothing to write on!All in all our holiday turned out to be much much better than we had expected. We booked it as a sort of extra after our wedding, and also because my husband broke his fingers on a jet ski straight after the wedding so we wanted a proper honeymoon. We went with the opinion that it wasn't our main holiday so it didn't really matter but it turned out to be almost as special. Unless you are a serial moaner like most people on here must be, you won't have any problems with this hotel.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>belltravel1
<Content>Complete enjoyment I'm a veteran travel agent of 28yrs and after reading all the reviews I thought of cancelling, all I can say is ya'll are crazy. I stayed from 8/5-12, with my husband and our three children 19, 15 and 8, the older two had their own room, 3421 and 3424 4th floor oceanview two beds. Checkin was quick, friendly and the bags were bought to our room immediately. It was so cold in our room at night that we frequently turned the ac down, the beds are hard and the pillows are lumpy, but we were so tired most nights it didn't matter. We went to five of the specialty restaurants. My favorite was the Japanese, than the Paris, El Sombero, Italian and the least favorite was the Marlin. It was my son's 15th birthday when we dined at the El Sombero and the waiters sang happy birthday to him in three different languages. We ate at the Alcazar (buffet) every morning for breakfast, they have lots of different items, cooked to order omelets, pancakes, crepes, french toast, breads, fruits (many choices), juices, meats and everything was excellent. The service was quick, the wait staff removed your plates as soon as you were finished and the coffee is wonderful. We ate lunch there several times and at the El Sombero (the pizzas are great). There was no problem with flies at any of the restaurants indoors or out.The pool was crystal clear, there were the ocassional floating cups(from the kids) and very large and refreshing. We did go down each morning around 7a and reserve our spots with an umbrella and then went back to sleep. The beach is beautiful and the waves are pretty rough. The watersports staff are very friendly and very safety minded. The grounds were well maintained and the staff was constantly working to keep it clean.The casino did --- don't waste your money, the entertainment was weak.Overall a great trip. U can email me at belltravel@nts-online.net.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>thank goodness we were moved We were a party of 8.The check in was an hour.They didn't get the room allocation correct.The receptionist lost one of our forms and blamed us for his mistake.Never any tables for 8 in the Marlin serve your self restaurant and the staff were most unhelpful.We had to find a waiter to lay the table and provide us with drinks.The pool was very cloudy,the pump was out of action.The doctor on site had lot's of ear infections to deal with.The electricity went of a couple of times for a few hours including the water.Some people were full of soap suds at the time.To get a drink at the bars was fine if you spoke Spanish,the rest of us were ignored.Thanks to Emma our tour rep we were moved to Sirenis hotel some 30 mins away what a difference.Our holiday was rescued.We believe superclubs breezes cannot justify it's 4+ star rating.We won't be using super clubs breezes again.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2005
<Rating>1	2	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Horrible from beginning to end From the moment we checked in till the moment we left, breezes was horrible. we arrived at 1130, extremely early for our 300 check in. when we went down at 330 for our rooms we were told they weren t ready. the guy at the front desk barely looked at me or the computer when answering. the air conditioner in the room did not work properly and even after we called and it was fixed it still did not work. the sheets smelled moldy, the towels in the bathroom were dirty. the days we would go to exchange our beach towels at the pool they would alway be out. the food was alway under cooked or had no flavor at all, i barely ate and still got sick. the pool was disgusting, they said the filter was broken, after the first day the pool was cloudy, smelled and had a green film to it. it never took less then 20 minutes to get a cup of coffee in the morning. getting service at a bar was just as impossible even if u tipped they still ignored u. i read bad reviews before i went and didn t believe them. well believe this. i had 13 people in my party and everyone agreed.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>worst hotel i have ever stayed in This was my second trip to the dom rep and will be the last , i had previously stayed in the north and had a wonderful time so decided to go to the east coast on this occassion . On arrival we had to wait for 30 /40 minutes to check in which was distinctly unhelpful and the staff rude . .Room:SHOWER DIDNT WORK , water throughout the stay intermittent balcony door unable to open properly and noticed it was hanging off its runners .insects cockroaches and beetles in the room .drinks fridge empty on arrival and only filled twice during our stay. Room also in need of coat of paint and updating Flaking paint on the ceiling and obvious damp patches . complained to reception desk on two occassions by telephone and once in person completely ignored for 15 minutes at reception and then they said they would sort the room out later ???whatever that meant .It was only resolved when our tour rep intervened on our insistence that the problems were rectified .Restaurants:POSSIBLY THE WORST I HAVE EVER BEEN TO ,alcazar the main buffet is the worst, rude staff ,unhelpful and the food quality poor this is not helped by all the flies on the food and the birds that fly in and out and grab food sit on tables and deficate everywhere and what do the staff do NOTHING THE FOOD NOT REMOVED OR CHANGED .MARLIN SNACK BAR DO NOT EAT HERE BARBEQUE FOOD THIS WAS ACTUALLY CLOSED DOWN DURING OUR STAY AND WAS ONLY OPENED UP AFTER TWO DAYS THOUGH IT WAS DIRTY AND WAS IN NEED OF COMPLETE REFURBISHMENT AGAIN PROBLEMS WITH BIRDS .The other restaurants were poor though nothing outstandingI didnt visit all the other restaurants as i became ill along with my wife and spent six days in our room on anti biotics and other tablets prescibed by the hotel doctor his diagnosis gastro intestinal problems as this was only place we had been i can assume we became ill due to problems in the hotel POOL:totally unhygenic when we arrived it was cloudy to the point you could not see the bottom ,cups and straws and food in the water and by the side of the pool ,also drains next to the pool blocked and this water was seeping into the pool .. ALSO THE PUMP WAS NOT WORKING AND WAS REPLACED THOUGH THIS DID LITTLE TO CLEAN THE POOL .i would honestly say this was the worst hotel i have been to and would tell anyone planning to go there to cancel .best part was leaving  
<Date>Aug 10, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Horrible We went with another family were supposed to have adjoining rooms, not even close. The rooms were old and musty smelling. Our friends had no air conditioning and were eventually moved to a room without a working toilet. Our room the tv didn't work or the phone! Very old rooms. Nobody seemed to care about our concerns. The water was not hot for a shower. The outside lunch grill was disgusting. You are given vouchers for the restaurants. They tell you when and where you are going to eat. Our vouchers were different then our friends. Two of the four vouchers we had were for nights we weren't even there! We were told this could be fixed, but we didn't wait long enough to do this. This is a family resort, I understand people go topless on the beach, but the pool area was full of topless swimmers. To a 7 year old boy , not very pleasant!!! Nobody was helpful and could care a less about our concerns. We were out of the hotel and checked into Sunscape the beach, within 24 hours. This resort was great. This resort was even cheaper than Breezes!!!!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Aug 9, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jneen2u
<Content>Not a great stay!! We stayed at Breezes from August 1, through August 6, 2005. The hotel check in was not the greatest. Most of the people there did not speak any English so it was frustrating!! The best parts of this hotel are the beaches were absolutely the best part!!The pool was just okay, not too clean but not too bad. The entertainment was bad, there is no hospitality at all at this hotel. No one cares at all. If you have a complaint and you go to tell someone, they just smile at you and that's about it. Whoever thought up the restaurant reservations system is definitely stupid. It was the worst ever. We were travelling with 5 children from 4 to 8. They made us reservations at 3 restaurants (which is the limit) for 9:30 p.m. We tried the first reservation and all of the children were asleep before we ordered. So needless to say we ate at the buffet the rest of the week. Although they say there is air condition, not one restaurant had it. It was so hot it was disgusting. In fact, the only place they had air condition in the entire hotel was your room....( no joke).The rooms were just okay. If you tip your maid in the beginning she pretty much takes care of you. You should bring your own pillows and sheets. Not because of them being dirty, they were bumpy and very uncomfortable. I didn't see any bugs in my room or any of the rooms that my friends stayed in. My overall opinion was I loved the Dominican but I would stay at the Malia Resort or any other 5 star next time. I would never reccomend Breezes to anyone.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2005
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Disgusted first impressions of the hotel good, checked in, luggage brought straight up.Different impression in the morning! Walked around the complex, dirty plates and cups all around the pool area looked generally very dirty. Spent day on beach, went into resturant by pool for lunch, food all over the floor, tables not cleared and flies everywhere! Went back to room, paint flaking off the ceiling from what appeared to be an area that had been water soaked. No hot water for shower. 2nd day, had no water and also power cut. Pool was starting to look cloudy! was told pump and filter not working. Buffet resturant nightmare, no plates, no clean layed tables.  By the 3rd and 4th days, we had managed one hot shower, had 2 more power cuts and the air conditioning wasnt working properly on full power. the pool looked green. with greasy film on top. Picked up a plate in the buffet which had dried food on it! My husband was very ill that night with severe stomach pains and was vomiting all through the night! By the 5th day we had had enough and saw the managment and our rep. Our rep managed to transfer us out of this hell hole into a true 4star hotel. On arrival at the airport on our return journey home, we discovered that alot of people had been ill. One holiday maker had been so ill he had to be put on a drip in his hotel room because he was to weak to be moved. To sum up there is nothing SUPER about the Breezes hotel and i would never consider staying in a breezes hotel ever again.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pleasantly Surprised !!!! I recently returned from a wonderful vacation in Punta Cana. As always, I read as many reviews as I could before traveling to get some idea of what to expect. After reading some of the reviews about Breezes Punta Cana I was a bit worried. But I was pleasantly surprised when me, my sister and her best friend arrived at the resort. Upon arrival at the airport we were led to a parking lot full of air conditioned minivans  cabs by a uniformed attendant. The fare to the resort was $10.00. The ride took about 30 minutes and gave us the opportunity to see a few of the other resorts as other guests were taken to their destinations. When the van got to Breezes we were met by the resort attendants who took our bags and led us to the front desk. We were in our room within minutes with no problems. The room was very clean and attractive. The grounds were beautiful and the views were breathtaking. The weather was wonderful during our entire stay. This is a very large resort with over 700 rooms. But it is very well designed and at no time did we feel unsafe. It is very family friendly and it was wonderful to see the mix of cultures. There were guests from England, France, Canada, USA, Puerto Rico, Australia, and others. There was an abundance of food and even a picky eater could find something to eat. Whenever I am away from the US I play it safe and stick to things I feel are safe to eat and don't experiment with foreign foods. If I don't recognize it I don't eat it! I had plenty to eat, enjoyed it, and never got sick. We had a wonderful time and plan to return again with our husbands. The only disappointment was the Casino. It was a joke!They had about 10 slot machines and half of those were broken. They should close it down or make it worth going to. It should be at least the size of the Casino on a cruise ship. However the beach and the resort are fantastic.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Jadey
<Content>Loved it......Wan't to go back!! My friend and i were there with my friends parents from 15 - 29th June. I like many others had read numerous negative reviews about this hotel but i can assure you that we had a FANTASTIC holiday! Hopefully this review will give you some positive info about this brilliant resort!!*Flight/arrival*: As i'm from Aberdeen in Scotland, we had quite a long journey to get to Dominican! A six hour drive to Manchester airport and then a 9 hour flight to Punta Cana. This Journey passed surprising fast as we were so excited. We flew with First Choice. On arrival in the Punta Cana airport you are firstly hit by the heat as you leave the plane and then greeted by Dominicans playing music, as you can imagine this totally gets you into the holiday mood!! We had roughly a 45min journey to our hotel which we also enjoyed as the rep at the front of the bus was very entertaining and good fun! At first sight the hotel is HUGE! And looks exactly like the pics =) We didn't have to wait too long until we got our room keys...but it didn't matter as we were in no hurry anyway! =) *Rooms*: Our room didn't have the best view..But to be honest we really didn't mind as we never sat on our balcony or spent much time there anyway. The Beds were always made clean and our room didn't smell musty or damp (although i know some other peoples did). The bathroom was always left looking nice after the maid had been in...Lovely fresh flowers were always on the sink area. I could not fault the maids when it came to cleaning our room - teenage girls are not the most organised/tidiest holidaymakers? Lol! The CD player in the rooms were brill! I brought lots of good CD to put on while we were getting ready to go out. Definitely puts you in party mode! lol Also not once did i see a bug or anything in our room. Our air conditioning stopped working once but it was soon fixed...!*Beach/Pool*: The beach is STUNNING!! I couldn actually believe how pretty it was when we arrived?its exactly what its like in photos! Couldn believe you get seas that blue/turquoise?as you can probably tell this was my first big exotic holiday)lol! The water is refreshing after lying in the sun. I cannot swim and I not confident in water but I was in the sea everyday!! With a float it was great fun! Although the waves can get pretty strong and high..(one day I was swept right under =Shere goes the built up confidence!!) lol..! Also the beach is right outside the hotel so you can roll out of bed straight onto the beach in minutes!! The pool is also lovely?Looks soooo nice at night with all the lights hitting off the water! Didn spend so much time at the pool but the staff (Kelvin etc) would play music and play games etcll good fun! We enjoyed the beach more as it was more spaced out. *Bars/Entertainment/Disco* : Firstly the bars are great as there are so many of them! Anywhere you are in the hotel you are within arms reach of a drink!! Lolell not quite but nearly! We never tipped bar staff once and always got good service?We didn mind if we had to wait 5mins, these staff only have two hands just like anyone else and they work as fast as they can! Anyway we were on holiday and in no rush! =P Drinks were nice?I stuck to Bacardi/rum and coke. The cocktails were good but you can drink a lot of them. Sometimes when I asked for Bacardi they would give me the cheap rumut not a problem..just made sure I pointed it out next time =)We had the most fun at the evening shows. I know they are not the best, but these people work so hard all day to get the show looking as good as possible so we really appreciated it!! We went basically every night of our holiday and found them very fun! We go up on stage to do the games and every week they have a karaoke show which I did twice?so much fun!! =) Its also a good place to go and sit and have a few drinks before the Disco. The music, dancing and atmosphere gets you ready to go boogie! =) heehee..! Ie read reviews saying that the Disco can be good or bad depending on what weeks your there and if there is a lively crowd. Well we must have been lucky because the disco was brill when we went! =) Ok, its probably not so good if you haven had a few drinks but its great to go to and have a dance! That where all the younger ones go at night. We found that it gets busier at around 11.30-12. The majority of staff go down there after they finish work and have a dance and relax! We got to know a lot of them at the disco. There also a 24 food place outside where u can go after the disco closes for some food! Always tastes soooo good when youe been drinking! Lol.. Another thing, young people mite be a bit put off this hotel because of the lack of nightlife etc but if you go to party trust me you can!! Lol Sometimes we weren into our rooms till 3.30-4am. *Food* : The food at Breezes is okot the best but not bad either..! I heard the Japanese restaurant was brill althought we never went. My friend and I mostly ate at the buffet as it has a large variety of food so you could always find something to eat! The staff in the buffet are very friendly and are always topping up your gasses etc. We had a lot of fun eating there. We did visit the French and Italian restaurants..I enjoyed the Italian but the French was not so good. My friend is vegetarian and there was no vegetarian option. During our two week stay, none of us got sick. I had a bit of a dodgy tummy for a few days but its just due to the heat, alcohol, partying and late nights! Lol?br/>*Staff* : This hotel has the friendliest staff ever!! I cannot believe how many lovely people work here. They work long hours and never complain! They are smiling constantly =) It really made our holiday getting to know them. I don know where they get all theye energy from!! I like to mention Kelvin, he is the guy that presents the nightly shows sometimes and also does the music at the pool most days! He up first thing in the morning and it still up at the disco late at nighthat a fun guy! If your going, make sure and get chatting to him as he will make sure u have a good holiday! Also Danny Devito, The other guy that presents the show (cant remember his name), The guy who always wears the red and white hat..! lol Theye all brilliant fun! They do pay a little more attention to females??But hey its flattering! Lol?br/>Anyhow that my little review for you all?.I hope its given you a more positive view on Breezes?I can honestly say that I would return in a heartbeat..!! I miss it so much. If anyone has any questions or anything they like to know then please feel free to email me at Jadey666@hotmail.com I be happy to fill you in!! =) x  
<Date>Aug 5, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>**** hotel? i think not :) Well, let me begin by saying, the beach is probably the nicest i've seen to date.i've been to jamaica, barbados, cuba, miami, and california.beautiful, sky-blue waters (sometimes green i guess), clear, warm, with super white, fine sand i hate being negative, but something about this place that doesnt fit.i am guessing it was a 4 star hotel _once upon a time_ ... and they've letit downgrade, like the rest of the countryside (from what little i've seen, admittedly i didnt drive around too much).food.... if you're content with buffet-style non-stop dining... this placeis ... 'ok'. there have been times when my friends found flies in their food.and i would personally never even attempt eating their 'salads' ... :)however, the chicken, beef, pork and fish they make are rather good.fries, rice, pasta of all kinds, breads (always fresh)....fruit seemed to have been limited to uhm... terribly looking bananas, some good pineapples, mangos, and melons.... occasional and rather sub-par oranges, and a few apples.excellent breakfasts, if you enjoy eggs.restaurant booking system is probably THE worst in the entire western hemisphere.... i dont know who thought it up... but its just plain idiotic.period.regarding the 'japanese' restaurant..... if you like uber-fat foods, this is the place.... i cannot believe they can actually call it japanese... but anyway, maybe it was just my group of friends and myself that couldnt take it.drinks .... all drinks are generally served from their generic brand-refillable bottles... whenever they run out of that stuff, you may have a chance at some premium alcoholic beverages... during our week stay this happend maybe once, for a day or so.dont try ordering anything fancy :)plastic cups (thick ones if you're lucky) and always a different mix of alcohols, for the same drink. :) keeps it intersting i suppose.the beer is probably the worst if you're european.... it was somethingon par with urine. :( el presidente was the generic choice until they run out, and you get a little ... if only slightly ... beer called bohemian.pool.... it must have had a broken filtering system, coz it looked like a sesspool of pure disease. maybe 4ft deep and you couldnt see any objects on the bottom... it was ludicrous.... besides that i am not quite sure whyanyone would want to stay around the pool when there is that gorgeous beach! :)ah, speaking of beach.... if you wanted one of them funky huts with shade possibilities, you better get some towels and book them very early in the morning (7-8 am) ... or you're out of luck :)rooms ... AC worked, TV barely but worked (they 'fixed' it during the week),water is absolutely not drinkable, and i dont believe its even recommended to brush your teeth with the running water (something unheard of in Canada :)) .. but they have bottled water nearly everywhere... so that's not a big issue. nothing unpleasant about the rooms i guess. you're hopefully not in there for more than you need to be.casino.... no comment. i'm not a big gambler so maybe it would be a little biased :)staff is rather pleasant, mostly. if you tip a $1 or $2 here and there it getseven better.... for some reason. :)we've went on the snorkling tour, on a catamaran ... it was nothing short of amazing... never seen such myriad of fish.and that's my good note to end this review.ill probably never again come back ... and if i do, it will not be to this hotel.never 4 star hotel again :)have a good trip!  
<Date>Aug 4, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>GuydeMtl
<Content>Huge complex - okay overall Let's begin with our first impression : it is a very large complex, probably too big for a family wih young children.The positives :Very large and clean room (we had a suite). It did smell humidity ... but we can stand this smell in exchange for sunshine !!! No such smell in Nunavut !The beach is great and can be compared with the best beaches of the Carabean. We did not expect waves and our small children were hit in the first day and it took patience to convince them to go back in the sea !!!During the first days of our stay, the children could easily benefit from the activities (trapeze, treampoline) until a wave of tourists arrived on Wedneday.The buffet food was OK and we really enjoyed  la carte restaurants. Nothing spectacular, but they were more cozy and calm.We did enjoy the entertainment at night even though Spanish is the main language. But we are in their country, aren't we ???Water bottles are available everywhere, wine and drinks OK.The negatives :Too big for a family with young children (6 and 3 years old) but perfect for teenagers.The pool is indeed very large and ... dirty. And the surroundings of the pool were the same. The main buffet restaurant lack staff. There are too many persons at the same time and, we must confess, some of them seem to ignore that slavery was abolished long ago ... They do their best but some of the waiters seem to ignore what customer service means.My wife was the only person sick of our family. She ate salads and we strongly recommend to avoid eating it. She suffered minor diarrhea and visited the doctor in the complex. It stopped within 24 hours and,as she said, it did not prevent her from doing everything she wants.The new reservation system for  la carte restaurants is a mess and do not count on the desk to help you out.Overall :Would we go back ? Maybe in a few years when our daughters would be older and ... if critics written in this site improve !!!  
<Date>Aug 3, 2005
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Family Vacation Our family went to Breezes July 25 - Aug 1 and had a great trip. Our daughters are 16 and 22. I was very nervous about going after reading so many negative reviews but our travel agent reasurred us that we would be fine. We had a wonderful time! We found the staff to be very friendly and hard working. Check in was a breeze. The rooms are not fancy but adequate. The pillows are quite lumpy but the air conditioning worked fine and our refrig was always stocked. We learned quickly that you had to get up early to claim a hut on the beach or a pool chair with umbrella. This is common wherever you go and worth it to get some shade. We preferred the beach which was beautiful. We did the banana boat, parasailing and my girls went tubing which was a little rough. My daughter and I did the sunset horsebackriding. It was our first time riding and the staff could not have been more attentive and helpful. I would recommend the horsebackriding to everyone! We also had massages on the beach which were very nice. The food was okay, we could always find something we liked to eat at the buffet. The reservation system needs to be improved upon for the alacarte restaurants. I know Breezes is trying, when we checked in we received reservations for 3 of the restaurants - Japanese, Italian, and Seafood. We enjoyed the Japanese the best and went back there on our last night for dinner. No one in our family got sick while away but now that we are home, we all are having a little stomach problem. We went to the gym most days to work out. It would help if they had at least fans there, it was stiffling inside. All in all we had a wonderful experience and I'm so glad we went!  
<Date>Aug 3, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>ABOUT THE TIPING REVIEW I was reading someone elses thing about their tiping policy. the reason the maids wernt cleaning their room first wasnt b/c they wernt tiping it was because they clean them in order?...they start at one end of the hall and go down... why would they clean the rooms that tiped first?... we tiped our room maid and our rooms got cleaned the same time they usually did. And who dosnt tip the bell boy?... of course he was waiting for a tip..lol..... i always tip ppl that carry my lougage.. its just what you do. I never once tiped the bartender and i was not ignored they got to me when they had a chance.I do hovever agree about the dinner they have 5? resurants but you have to start standing in line at 430-5pm and they dont start taking reservations untill 6pm...... but if u dont wait in line you dont get in.And I personally hated the buffet.The beach was sooo beautiful!.. its worth everything no words for how amazing the beach was. I loved it..One other problem... They say that when you check out they will give you a complementary room and they dont we asked for ours and the guy told us its only for people who need to take showers?. the hotel manager then he told us it seaid on the paper they would if it was 2 pm.. and it didnt but he wouldnt give us our paper back... AND DO NOT USE THE ATM MACHINE TO GET AMERICAN MONEY!!!!!!!! someone we went with asked 100$ the machine gave him 100pesos witch is about 5$american but his account took out the american $100 . So we went to the hotels bank and they told him to come back at 2pm. so he did and they were closed. so we went back the day after and she seaid she didnt have enought american to give him and told him to come back he did and she seaid they still didnt have enough come back tommorow..... It went on and on..... but end of story he just seaid screw it and he never got his 95 dollars back.So be careful with your money.Amd if you plan on using the internet bring money its 5$ for 20 min.doritos are 5bucks a bag so are pringles...but like i seaid the beach was sooooooooooo amazing!!!!!!!... get sum goggles and go where all the people are swimming and there are tons of silver/white fish swimming by i didnt even notice them untill i got sum goggles to look for shells... i would go back just for the beach.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2005
<Rating>2	2	1	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Oh my goodness Stayed at Superclub Breezes Punta Cana 11/7/05 - 25/7/05 as you arrive at the Hotel on the coach the place looks out of this world. Check in at reception was a breeze with bellboys to take your cases straight to your room, ours was block 4 1st first floor, room was ok adiquate and clean but nothing more but at least we overlooked the fountain. Although a few people had complaints about the cleaning staff our maid was a gem, clean towels and flowers every day.Lets start with a plus; the beach it'self Paradise definatley 6*Buffet restaurant: Breakfast time was okish although one toaster which did nomore than 8 slices at a time not good enough for Hotel with 700+ rooms the queuing for toast was a pain and when people butted in and pinched your toast claiming it as there's, well no comment as I must not be rude about some of our American cousins, because the most of them were really nice, but of course as with everywhere a few give the majority a bad name, still I digess.Al-carte- restaurantsThey changed the resevation system the second week and reception actually pre booked for you but at times when it suited them, but they did change them for you if they could.Japanese Restaurant: Absolutley fantastic our fav main meal cooked in front of you possibly best entertainment all holiday and tasted great.Italian Restaurant: Pretty good also, service good also.Dominican Restaurant: Pretty good also.Sombrero for lunch Pizza and chip cooked fresh for lunch time eating.Marlin restaurant Bar-b Que for lunch YUK don't like my burgers with blood still dripping out of them, rest of the food was laying about to long!Buffet Restaurant lunch time ok but once again food left laying around to long.Buffet Restaurant evening; Nightmare if you got there after about 8 o/c it was an absolute nightmare trying to get a table that was clean, not the staff's problem just too many people not enough tables, the waiters and waitresses worked really hard, but most of them tried to keep a smile on the face. This really needs redressing!!!!!!!!!!!But once again food was laying around for to long.My wife along with a lot of other people came down with suspected food poisoning, we think it wa sthe fish balls one night she was ill for a few days.Went to the on site doctor who a first said it was a virus going round the wrote down it was Gastro, since we hav been home we have sent a pooh sample for anylising. Cost us 100 as well.The bars: What a nightmare getting served, barmen tried there best, I think, but the service was diabolical most of the time in the lobby bars.The pool: the first few days it was ok but as time went on it became smelly and dirty by the middle of the second week you could hardly see your feet in it, in fact by our last day they actually closed it down saying it was comtaminated. Sun beds and shades around the pool if you wanted a shade you had to be down by 6-30 to get one, only 75 shades for a hotel that big ridiculous!!!!!!!!!I read plenty of reviews before we went, but we went with a open mind, unfortunatley the complex was sadly lacking which is sad as it has the potential to be excellent resort if just some time and money was spent on it to bring it upto scratch.I am afraid I will not recommend it to anyone until they do.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2005
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Want my money back!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Stayed from July 25th- Aug.1st 2005.This place is awful!!! Read other reveiws this place is bad !.No airconditioning, yes flies all over the place , electric constanly going out .Had no pool for 3 days . Pool filter broke. No management around when asked to speak to someone. Rooms in dire need of repair. ants all over. The longest 7 nights of my life. Been many different places in the carribean and never seen so many unhappy and Sick people. We did not get sick was very careful, stuck with pasta, bread, and french fries for 7 long days . I personally feel the place should not be up and running at all . If you already booked your trip try and cancell. If you are thinking about it, STOP, go somewhere else.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Krispucci
<Content>Save yourself the disappointment.....don't stay here!!! I have traveled a lot and have never been more disappointed! We anxiously awaited our trip to Punta Cana, looked at the photos and website it looked beautiful and we couldn't wait to get there! Upon arrival we waited an hour after check in time for our room to be available. Finally we get our room key. Our room was on the other side of the hotel and you need a road map to find it. We got lost and finally we make it to the room only to find out that the Air Conditioning wasn't working and our baggage isn't there yet! We call down to the desk to let them know our air conditioning isn't working and were advised that they will send a maintenance person up shortly to repair it. Seven hours later after numerous phone calls, a trip down to the desk and even a conversation with the manager, nobody came to fix the AC. We then demanded a room change, which they did with no problem. The room we were moved to had a nice view of the pool and ocean and the Air Conditioner worked! The power went out every day that we were there! I asked if this is a normal occurrence, and we were told You're in a 3rd world country, what do you expect?! I would expect for a resort like that they should be running on a back up generator! The restaurant reservation system was ridiculous!! You either have to wait by the restaurant at 5:30 for a first come first serve reservation....good luck with that!! Or you can go to the reservation desk in hopes of finding an English speaking staff member between 9AM and 4PM to try and make a reservation. Usually the response will be, no sorry they are booked tonight. The thing is if you walk past the restaurant at night there are about 6 people dining! The specialty restaurants are pretty good, the French one was my favorite!! Dinner at the Marlin restaurant was HORRIBLE!! The buffet restaurant was decent for a buffet, but it was far from good. The food quality was poor and the meat had a terrible after taste, I was a vegetarian for most of my trip! Breakfast was the WORST meal by far!! If you like runny eggs and pancakes made out of cornmeal or an extra greasy omelette that can slide off your plate then you'll love it. Otherwise the only thing I was able to eat were croissants with jelly. I tried to eat cereal but the milk was gross!!! I think it was goat milk!! Yuck! Good luck trying to get a drink at the bar, if you speak Spanish you're in otherwise plan on waiting 10 minutes for your order to be taken! The staff overall isn't very friendly...again unless you speak Spanish or willing to give them an undeserving tip! The maid service was ok, our room was kept clean. The pictures they show you online with the cute towel designs and flowers left on your bed do not exist! The couple next door to us left their maid a tip and their room was made up picture perfect! So much for the no tipping policy! I was so disappointed with this resort, anyone reading this please take my advice and look elsewhere. I wish I could have been warned before I booked this tripped. The hotel has the potential to be really nice. The beaches were clean and the water was very nice. The pool area looks beautiful from afar...the water was filthy. There were clumps of hair floating around we saw a used band-aid and empty cups floating..it was terrible. This trip was a huge disappointment, needless to say I would not return to this resort even if I won the trip for free!  
<Date>Aug 1, 2005
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>BamaBabe
<Content>Rude Americans? My husband and I were at Breezes in May of this year. We had a quiet 10th year anniversary and had a lovely time. The whole time we were there, all we heard about was how rude the Americans were! People who did not know me would tell me how much they hated my country and my President. There were only a few couples at Breezes who were from the USA. I am a quiet, 100 pound girl from Alabama who took a lot of crap from people from other countries that just wanted to put down everything about the US. The hotel was lovely and the ocean was beautiful, but I will not go back there just becasue of the way we were treated. I can't believe some people would assume that every person from America is bad! I felt like crying and very unwelcomed by the other guests in the hotel! If you ask me, it was everyone who had a bad comment about the US who were the rude ones. Shame on you. The Dominican people were very kind and helpful, yet again we will not return.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pxp169
<Content>Seccond Stay at Breezes This was our seccond visit to Breezes Punta Cana. Last summer I went to a Double wedding and we got a deal if we stayed the same week this year. I didn't post a message last year and I found this site verry helpful so I decided to post one now. This year there were 8 of us (4 couples ages from 21-50) We stayed for 7 days and just got back yesterday. We were signed up for the VIP club and there was some confusion in the air port finding how to get to the resort, but after about 20 mins. all was figured out and we were on our way. I will type this by catagory so you can read what pertains to you...CHECK IN AND ROOMS: This year we stayed in 4 rooms in the 7th building on the first floor. The rooms were clean as could be at the time of check in. There were some very very minor problems, like toilets requireing multiple flushes, one room's phone didn't work, some rooms didn't have alarm clocks. The maids kept the place great, The resort insists on a No-Tipping Policy. Please leave 2 or 3 dollars a day for the maid, they will take great care of your room, leaving the refridgerator fully stocked. BEACH AND POOL: The beach is beautiful. wake up early to clam some of the beach chairs that are provided, wake up earlier to claim the tiki huts. The water is crystal clear, take a peice of bread or fruit from the buffet and you will be soruonded by tropical fish. The pool is nice too, one day the water was so green though, that you couldn't see the bottom of it. The beach is topless, all the guys enjoyed it. They kick you out of the water at 6 pm every day, we would go to the resort one down and stay in the water till it got dark.BARS: There is a number of bars throuought the resort. If you are going to be around one bar all day, slip the bartender a dollar or two in a secret hand shake(they are not sopposed to take tips but they will if it is descreet). By investing a buck a day, your bartender will always have your drinks ready for you when you go up. The main beer is Presidente, not bad, like any light pilsner. Also they have Bohemia, very simmilar. They serve Bacardi, Absolut, Sky, JB, at every bar when you ask for it by name, the house brand Clasico is like plastic bottle nasty liquor. some times you could find bottles of Bailies, Kaluah, and other cordials, but they usialy start serving them around 6pm and are out within 3 hours. At every bar there is a drink menu with about 15-20 mixed drinks, that is about all they know how to mix up, I tried ordering drinks like a Rum Runner, and Zombie, no one knew how to make it and it is hard to explain to some one who dosn't speek much English. RESTRAUNTS: There is the main buffett, there is a theme every night (Italian, Mexican, Seafood, Jamacian, Dominican, Etc). They always also had 3 pastas, french fries, and chicken). The food was so-so. Some stuff nasty, some delicious. For breakfast they had simmilar stuff every day your typical breakfast food, be sure to get the boiled potatoes, the best I ever had. The Coffe is also amazing. Lunch we always ate by the pool at that buffet, different pastas, lunch meat, grilled food(Mystery meat) and french fries. We never fealt like geting all dressed to go to the fancier buffett. Be sure to get your dinner reservations straight with the front desk for the fancier restraunt, they are in the process of re-doing the way it is run and it is quite confussing. There is no way to eat at all 5 of 6 fancy restraunts. We ate at French, Mexican, and Jappanese twice because they messed it up. All were excelent. The beef is chewier than at home, but edible. They assigned us random reservations when we checked in for random places, also the 4 couples were assigned deifferent times, just talk to the front desk and they will fix it. The 24 hour buffet was off to the side where the mexican is, last year it was at the beach bar and much more convienient. The food tasted good when we were all liqured up-French Fries, Fried Chicken, Pizza...EXCURSIONS: Bring extra money, last year we rented the little boats, they are about 12 ft long and seat two. They are equiped with a 30 HP motor and they Fly!. That cost $35 pp for about 1.5 hours. Well worth it. Last year my girlfriend did the parasailing for about $30, she enjoyed it. The Snorkel trip is a must, $29 pp for about a 2 hour trip to a reef with fish of every color, bring bread and fruit and you will have thousands of fish eating out of your hand. You get a free banana boat ride it was worth free, but not too exciting. We paid $10 pp for a tube ride, they did 3 tubes per boat, thought we were gona die, but very exciting and fun, I think it was worth it. We did a Jeep Safari tour on Wednesday, we signed up in the front loby. It was $80 pp and we spent a whole day driving Jeep Wranglers through out the D.R. It was well worth the money to see how the dominicans live. You stop at a sugat cane field, a school, a womans house, and see her plantation of Bananas, Coffee, Cocoa, pineappels etc. She walks you through her house, and the tour wraps up with about 2 hours on a private beach with a buffett, and free horse back riding. There are 4 people to a Jeep, Jeeps are 5 speed, you spend alot of time off roading. Bring Candy, Penciles, Rulers, School supplies, soap, clothes and toys, as you pass hundreds of children that will run up to the jeeps begging for anything, DONT GIVE THEM MONEY! If they get money their parrents will keep them from going to school and make them beg for their childhood. Also paied $30 pp for horse back riding, well worth it, you spend an hour on horses walking up the beach, they let us run with the horses too, very fun. Also available was Golf which if you bring your clubs will cost about $110 and take up the majority of the day, add about $40 to rent cheep quality clubs. We did it last year, geougous course. Also fishing was available for $70 pp for a 4 hour trip, we didn't have time fot that this year. SHOPPING: Last year there was a market place about 10-15 mins walk, walking down the beach. It moved and now is over an hours walk(go to the beach, make a right, walk an hour and you will see what looks like a tent city). If you have a few hours and are up to it it is worth the walk. Buy all your souvineres there, haggeling is the name of the game. dont pay more that $7 a liter of rum, dont pay more than $15 for the oil paintings, and no more that a few dollars for the cheep junk that we all love to buy. Don't pay more than $5 for t-shirts. Bring stuff to trade...I brought american shampoo and conditioner. I highly reccomend water guns, go to walmart and buy as many as you can get for about 50 cents each, it was something watching the men go nuts trading all kinds of stuff for them. You can trade baseball cards for stuff. They want anything that has Corona on it and will trade anything for it. Because the market is so far they offer a water taxi at the resort for $20 pp, NOT WORTH IT. If you dont want to walk, walk past the resort and you will see men with small boats, they will only charge you about $5 pp, again it is all about haggeling. We walked there and took one of these boats back, we paid the guy $30 and felt it was well worth it. Also, because the market is so far, Breezes alows the vendors to set up tables in the resort about every other night. They will charge you an arm and a leg at the tables, it is worth going to the market. There was one gift shop at the resort, very evpensive. CASINO: Save your money, biggest rip off. Last year it was fair, but this year there is a new owner for the casino. Roulett has $10 min betts, Black Jack is $5 min. The BJ dealer waits till after you hit/stand to deal herself her second card. For the 7 hands I played, she dealt herself 4 aces, 3 being blackjacks. Carribina Kino was the biggest rip off. They will give you comp chips to bet with. They will pressure you into betting. We lost $200 at that tabe in about 25 mins. Just do yourself a favor and dont go to the casino. It dosn't pay.OTHER INFORMATION: 6 out of the 8 of us got sick this year. Last year there was about 25 people for the wedding and about 8 of them got ill. Bring tons of Immodium and Pepto. My girlfriends mom was so ill that I went to see the medical office there to see if they could get her Limodil or antibiotics, they spoke no english in there and were no help. 3 of us wasted a whole day in bed, 2 of the 8 spent all day throwing up, the 6 that got sick all had the worst cases of the runs. We ran out of pepto and had to buy some from the gift shop. It was about $15 for a 4 ounce bottle. Bring more than you would ever think you could need. We don't know where our sicknesses origanated. Please leave your infants at home, this is a foreign country, people had infants with them, if your baby gets sick it creates a very dangerous situation. Gatorades were available in the gift shop for $5 for a quart, stay hydrated if you get sick. This year, just about every day the power went out for between an hour and two and a half hours. The water also gets shut off when the power goes off. Small inconvienence, especialy when you are trying to get ready for dinner. The cable was out the one day that my girlfriend was sick in bed all day. After about 10 pm there realy isn't much to do other than sit around and BS and drink till you go to sleep.I think that next time we go to an island we will try some where else. Breezes, Punta Cana gave us a great time and I recomend it. I have never been to another all inclusive before so I dont have too much to compare it with. Last year I would give it 4 stars, this year 3-3 1/2, maybe i ranked it lower this year because I got sick and fealt ill all week, I dont know. Have a great trip!  
<Date>Aug 1, 2005
<Rating>3	3	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Belindaanne
<Content>Wedding at Breezes, lovely holiday, ignore moaners (UK)       pool  
<Date>Jul 30, 2005
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lovely Location, friendly staff but not my type of holiday I and my two children (10 and 7 years) came back from this resort on 28th July 2005 after a 2 week holiday.Positives: Location is beautiful and the beach is stunning. The resort grounds and gardens are beautiful and well maintained. There is a flock of geese which thrilled my kids. Food good with great variety. Although there are a number of restaurants, we stuck to the main buffet which you did not have to reserve. We tried the Italian formal retaurant one night which was nice but the food in the buffet was just as good, if not better. It was lovely to eat in a room with no windows looking out over the resort and the ocean. There was everthing, salads, roasts, seafood, loads of fresh vegetables and fruit. There were some small flies around in the evening which I think could be off putting but after all this is the tropics! We were not sick with diarrhoea once! The staff could not have been friendlier or more courteous. Even my school girl Spanish was accepted with grace which is more than you get in mainland Spain. There was not one member of staff that hassled for tips, which was not the case on our trip to Jamaica last year. I was glad to tip on the last day. I did find some people complaining about the food but these emanated from people who I would think would prefer to live on burgers and fries and junk food. If you want that the beach bars provided a 24 hour service so I don't know why they were complaining. The weather was outstanding thoughout. I had expected the bedroom to be more luxurious but it was cleaned everyday and there was clean bedlinen and towels and fresh tropical flowers put in the room each day. My liitle girl and boy's beds were up each day with their cuddly toys arranged on the pillow which was really touching.Watersports and Diving centre are very good. The beach and surrounding ocean is a real gem for watersports. The sea is not calm however with lots of waves so little ones need to be careful.Things that could change:Better live entertainment! The lobby at night was very quiet or with one guy playing a synthesizer.Entertainment during day was a bit Billy Butlins. I'm sure a lot of people enjoy that but it is not my scene. Most of the noise was around the pool though, and you could go to the quiet areas on the beach for peace.The rooms had a damp smell but I'm not sure whether that is a hotel specific thing or a tropics and humidity thing, as I encountered the same in Jamacia last year. The smell mostly went when you kept the air-conditioning on.The hotel main restuarant is understaffed and this needs to be improved to improve the level of service.Although the pool looks beautiful, I was put off by the thought of sharing it each day with 300 people, let's say, and it did not seem that clean. However, why would you want to be at a pool when there is an ocean and beach to die for on the resort?Entertainiment very formulaic (therefore the reference to Billy Butlins). The resort is big which meant it lacked personality.Not as much atmosphere as Jamaica by far.Jamaica definitely the more beautiful of the two islands, with more to do.Day trips were absolute extortion compared to Jamaica which meant that we did not go out of the resort that much, therefore the kids and I felt very confined by the end of two weeks! Prices for anything are nuts and I think the Dominican Republic gets its bottom dollar out of the tourist. DO NOT buy US dollars here, the exchange rate is extortion, bring them from home or use your credit card. But these are not resort specific issues as such. rather Dominican Republic issues, I suppose.The Resort, as a rule, only allowed outgoing calls through their operator. You cannot buy phone cards. Therefore calls are more expensive and the resort is probably making money on this. To avoid the operator you had to leave a US $50 deposit at reception, and then your room phone was unlocked to allow you to make a direct call. People phoning me from outside the resort had problems being connected to the room! This was very frustrating.The Resort has a one shop/general store monopoly and prices are crazy e.g over $US 30 for small bottle of suntan lotion and US $5 for a large pack of crisps. There is a craft shop with poor selection. Also a cigar shop with no prices listed, you must negotiate to avoid being ripped off. I was initailly told one small pack of cigars to be 60 dollars (US) but left paying 20. Absolute negatives!Dolphins at the Manti Park. We went swimming with the dolphins. Spent US $70 per person for no more than 10 minutes in the water. The dolphins are kept in what looks like a small but deep, swimming pool. I don't know how the Royal Society for Protection of Animals, or any comparable organisation would view this. This was really off-putting and I would discourage you all from going to this, as I think the dolphins are kept in inadequate conditions to rake in the tourist dollar!There were animals in the Breezes resort itself which were used to encourage you to get your photograph taken, for which you then paid US $8. Let me just say that there are 2 small monkeys which are kept collared in a cage in which they cannot even stand properly. This is appalling and I have complained to hotel management about this. I can safely say that there is no respect for animals in this country! I was poorly with a chest infection from arrival and my asthma was exacerbated. By day 10 I had figured out it was the hotel pillows, which had been making me ill! I would encourage you to bring your own! We did not have diarrhoea, but we did not use the pool. One of staff in the Resort Diving Centre noticed my chest infection and asked if I had used the pool. Apparently, the Doctors on the resort had put out a health warning due the high number of medical visits that week, specifically for ear infections! However there was no official notice put up to discourage use of the pool by the hotel which was highly irresponsible, and people were using the pool as normal. Was the warning only to the staff?Overall:Overall I would recommend the resort for a holiday (but avoid pool and bring your own pillows). If I had to compare Dominican Republic to Jamaica for beauty and personality/ atmosphere, the latter wins outright. Please however be sure that all you want from a holiday is sun, sea, sand and a tan, or you might not enjoy the Caribbean resort experience per se.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>natalienova
<Content>Where's the toilet Just arrived back in the UK from our trip to Superclub Breezes and we will not be returning again.First impressions were good, hotel looked quite nice from the outside but there was no air conditioning in the reception area where you check in, stood queuing in high tempertures with a small child, very frustrating.Our hotel room was ok but you noticed a musty damp smell when you entered, we were lucky and the room was well maintained apart from the water which poured from the ceiling whilst you were on the toilet. In all fairness maintenance were quick to rectify this.Talking of toilets !!!!!!!!! my husband and I spent 12 of our 14 days looking for the nearest, I developed sickness and diahorrea and was confined to my room for 2 days, my husband developed the same symptoms which he still has 3 days back home.The pool was filthy by the second week due to the filters not working and quickly turned from blue to green with oil floating on top, so we went to the beach.The beach was beautiful, plenty of shade and sun loungers, you could feed the fish in the sea by taking bread down, great for snorkelling.Reserving sun loungers got quite frustrating, people would reserve numerous parasols selfishly which meant that some families with small children had no shade, you had to get up at 6am to grap a parasol.Entertainment was mediocre and was only on for an hour, but you could sit in the beach bar for a relaxing drink.The staff in the bars are rude and ignorant unless you tipped well or were local, stood at the bar for 20 mins one day whilst other people just walked up and got served.Food was terrible in the buffet except on the italian themed evening, breakfast was good and the afternoon BBQ was inviting, the speciality restuarant were lovely if you could get a reservation!!!!We met some lovely people whilst there and this made our holiday, swapped contact details on the back of Imodium packets, he he.If you are going take plenty of medication as the doctor on site charged $50 for a consultation you then had to pay for medication, and good luck X  
<Date>Jul 28, 2005
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>nicki07
<Content>Fantastic ! I have just got back from Punta cana this morning and as the jet lag is keeping me awake I thought I'd make time to let everyone know how much I enjoyed my holiday!Checked in 13th July, fast check although bit clueless about were to go as its a big hotel, they then sent our bags up to the room very quickly. The room was lovely very cool and very clean! We then got straight out onto the beach, WOW ! Golden sand! Turquoise waters and views to die for. We then checked out the pool, again fab, so big you could get lost well enough room for everyone in the hotel to have there own swimming space.The Resturaunts: Breakfast in the buffet caters for everyone, omlettes, eggs, pancakes, croissants, fruit etc etc anyone moaning there isn't enough food must be out of there head. Lunch we got mainly from the BBQ Bar again if i could bottle the smell i would ! The reservation system for the speciality resturaunts changed the second week we were there at first we had to queue outside the resturaunts to book a table which was a bit un confortable in the heat, then from the second week we could go to the reception with reay reserved tickets to change to the time we wanted in the resturaunt we wanted which ws much better. I haven't a bad word at all to say about any of these resturaunts the japanese was my favourite, you have to try the fried ice cream! mmmm One of the friends we met whilst there had a birthday whilst we were there and he got star treatment and a fab birthday cake which was also yummy.The bars  entertainment: It took a while to get served but it was worth it in the end, lots of sex on the beach and mudslides later I was propping up the bar myself! The only problem I had was not with the staff or the hotel at all it was the other holiday makers may I hasten it was mostly the americans, extremely rude pushing and shouting at the bar men and will jump in front of you in a queue if ever they got the chance, I am sure not all americans are the same as we met a lovely couple from Boston but a certain few spoil it for everyone! The entertainment was to say the least entertaining on the nights we watched we were always aching with laughter or in awe of the dancers and performers. The only late night entertainment was The Hurricane they have a mix of music and makes you want to go home and learn salsa and merengue.We did have poorly tummys for a few days but nothing too bad I did expect to be ill for the full two weeks after reading the other reports but just don't forget your immodium, I really think it was just the change in water and food etc not food poisoning like people are reporting.All in all we had a lovely holiday and if a handsome prince was to sweep me off my feet I would definetly go back again but its not really for singles (as in there aren't really any other single people there!)  
<Date>Jul 28, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Tipping We stayed from 7/15 to 7/20 and there were 13 of us in 7 rooms. We were told there was no tipping allowed. The fact is the hotel and restaurant staff were looking for tips at all times. Our room was not made up until 6 p.m. each day but a couple in another room tipped their maid and their room was done at 10 a.m. each day along with flowers in the room. The man that took up our luggage was waiting for a tip, the bartenders ignored non-tippers and I saw them helping others who had tipped them. Calls for help with different problems in our rooms were not acknowledged for a few days. One room had no air conditioning the whole time, another had a leak in the ceiling, and another had a drippy shower. The restaurant reservations deal is ridiculous!! We were turned away from the French restaurant because they were booked. How could that be when we were the 2nd people on line! Something about invitations. This should have been explained to us.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Aimz
<Content>Love and miss Superclubs Breezes Punta Cana       us with some of the animation team  
<Date>Jul 27, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>oh dear.......diahorrea!!!!!! We have just returned today, 26 jul 2005And before I start my review I would like to say that im never ever negative and ive never felt the need to do a review before.I have never complained about a hotel.I have travelled to the caribbean 7 times and know what good looks like, and what isnt right - and the only way this hotel can move forward and survive is by going to another hotel and seeing what good looks like for themselves.This hotel could easily be a 6* star hotel - if it got its act together. The beach and gardens and hotel layout is tremendous - and some of the staff are great.....I will say, some of the staff are nice - but 2 out of 10 is not good enough.If this was your first time to the carribean then this hotel and service could put you off coming back - which in the long run could have a serious impact on the carribean tourism industry.1.Food - im still on the toilet back in the uk now!! Worst reservation system for the restraunts ever known to man.2.Staff - I have never recieved such bad service and ignorance in my entire life. EG I would wait at the bar for 5 mins whilst 4 staff ignored me and chatted among themselves. Even when they eventually could be bothered to serve me, Id say thankyou and they would still not even acknowledge me.Apparantly the staff are so bad because they have had there tips stopped - breezes policy - but tipping still goes on and generally gets you what you want as we found out when watching the locals3.Power cuts out nearly every day - Ive stayed in the carribean including the dominican before and never had this problem.4.I have never seen so many people being relocated to different hotels - eg met one guy who moved for the last 2 days of his holiday as he couldnt take any more.5.The pool cleaning system broke down - I was first informed of this whilst in the pool off a friend - who said it hadnt been cleaned in 3 days - no sign warning people this.6.Waited 20 mins in the buffet restraunt Alcazar, one time in the evening to get pizza - why they dont have 15 pizzas cooking already is beyond me - after waiting 20 mins,then waited 20 mins for a table so pizza was cold.7.Hotel has 800 rooms approx, but one toaster machine in the breakfast buffet, which holds approx 6 slices - you can imagine the queue - I MEAN COME ON - THIS IS COMMON SENSE STUFF!8.Sun loungers are older than the island.9.Always run out of food and certain drinks - eg no chips for 2 days - which is important when its the only food you can eat without it making you ill.10.Given beach towels that were stained and had holes in them11.Locals come first in this hotel - so expect to wait to be served especially at the weekends.12. On the last night our rep had kindly arranged for us and a fantastic family who we had met from Indiana,US to eat together. The staff would not let us in the the italian as their 13 year old son had 3/4 length pants on. He had wore them in the italian twice already!! So they made us wait 40 mins arguing with us, wasting our last night almost! The service we recieved was PANTS!!!!!When asked what age children could were these 3/4 pants up to they had no idea and tried to use height as a guide - what a joke - thought i was queing for a restraunt - not a theme park ride13.The shop in the hotel is a rip off - we paid 15 for 2 ice creams,2 mars bars,1 tub of pringles and a bag of cola bottles - so if you have kids then take plenty of supplies.The entertainment staff are v.good and try v.hard.Overall, as ive already said, this hotel has the chance to easily be a 6* hotel - all thats needed is some organisation.We still had a great time here - at the end of the day the holiday is what you make it - and we made some great friends from the States.I was sold this holiday as a 4t+ resort - i will let you make your mind up.And one tip - if you have rep then use them - they have the power to get you reservations in the hotels restraunts.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Sickness Is Almost Guaranteed We went to Breezes from 7/15-7/20 with a group of 13 and 12 of us got sick- half of us after we got back home. The stomach problems are still with most of us. We will not be returning. The food was mediocre, the dinner reservation system was absurd, and the rooms were not well maintained. They never have the rooms ready for 3 pm check-in time. We had seven rooms among us and none were ready before 5 pm. Everyday we saw the same thing happen to people checking in. They like to say at the resort that the stomach problems are due to over consumption of alcohol and food, but this is simply not the case. 12 out of 13 people! What are the odds of that? Plus, we had younger children who were not of drinking age and they got sick as well. On the positive side, the grounds of the hotel and the beach and the water were all gorgeous and we did have avery nice time on the beach together. The nightly entertainment was lip sinking for kids one night, and lip sinking for adults another, so we were disappointed in that as well. Skip this place if you can.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>would'nt go back even if someone paid me to!!! My husband and I, and our friends have just arrived home from Super Club Breezes Punta Cana. We stayed there from 30th june- 15th July.  I have never in all the years we have travelled abroad stayed in in such an awful place. We had all seen the reviews, and the articles in the national papers about people being ill, but we thought it really can't be that bad, so the four of us went with an open mind and thought we would make the best of it. The four of us are quite easy to please on holiday, all we like are friendly staff, edible food, and a walk in the evening, but at the breezes we had none of that.  Arrived on the Friday, and by the Sunday we were all ill with sickness and the other!! Which is not suprising when you see the way things are there, people stay in the pool all day drinking by the pool bar and seem to have very strong bladders as they dont get out to use the toilets! children AND adults were taking food into the pool on plates and dropping it all in the water.  The Alcazar main restaurant was a shambles, we would go down for dinner in the evening and could never find a table that had been cleared. not that we wanted much to eat, we were all afraid to eat anything after being so ill. The waiters would come and ask if we wanted drinks, but never came back with them, on one occasion at breakfast, (we stuck to eating toast) I went to cut some bread and all of the bottom of the bread had green mould on it. The rooms were adequate, although the showers were boiling hot one minute and freezing the next, pillows must have been about for years, as they were all lumpy, and the mini fridge was never stocked up, we had to keep running down to the bar for water. the toilet did'nt work properly for the whole two weeks, although we told them about it on the first day. The staff always served their own people first, who incidently arrive in droves each weekend and take over the hotel!! Every one else had to wait to be served.  The queuing system for the speciality restaurants need to be addresed our two hubby's queued for an hour and a half, with people queuing in all directions and getting nowhere. On a positive note, the japanese restaurant was really nice if you can get in, and they cook the food in front of you. Our chef whose name was Job was lovely.  The one good thing I can say about this resort is that the beach was lovely, We appreciate that the standards in the Dominican are not on a level with us, (we knew this when we booked the holiday), but you do expect at the very least to have food that does not make you violently sick and ill. At the time of writing this, we are waiting for test results to come back from the Doctor, as my husband still has a really bad stomach and cant stop running to the loo. If you have booked to go to the Breezes, I really hope you have a better time than we did, if you hav'nt booked, but are thinking of it, DONT GO.  We went to mexico last year, all inclusive, and what a difference, the people are friendly, the food lovely, We only wish we had gone back this year.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2005
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not quite what I expected Well, I was one of the positive thinkers hoping for the best. I read a few of the reviews and decided there are some good and there are some bad. 700+ rooms and about 15 bad reviews. Can't be that bad. I really did go in with an open mind that this was going to be great. When we first arrived there, it was so very hot and we waited approximately 45 minutes to the check in counter in awful heat as the hotel lobby was all open and outdoors. I vacationed with my Husband and children ages 9 an 6 and my kids were already complaining that is was taking so long and it was so hot and sweaty is what I kept hearing. Frustration was already kicking in but I finally got to the check in counter...only to find out that they didn't have a room resistered for me. Thank goodness, I had my hotel voucher with me! Well, they will have to find me a room they said. I waited, I waited and yes...finally a room but it wasn't clean and it was going to take approximately 1 hour to prepare. We decided to go and have dinner and came back after an hour and a half to find, yup not ready yet. We ended up waiting 4 hours for a room! Ridiculous is not the word! All I wanted was to get to that hotel room for some fresh cool air. Ahh yup, air conditioner wasn't the greatest. Not very fresh at all! The room didn't look too bad but you would expect it to be clean. The shower curtain was missing several hooks and the taps were rusty and dirty looking and the room smelled really bad. The humidity was really in the air! At that point, we were too tired to go back and complain so we lived with it. Then finally, we looked out the window and WOW what a view! We were centred onto the pool and we could see the ocean behind it. Just beautiful! The beach was outstanding! The sand so light and clean your feet sink right into it. Amazing! The water was warm and clear my kids loved it! Restaurants were not the greatest. The specialty restaurants have ridiculous reservation rules. You start lining up around 5:30 as they start to take reservations at 6pm but by the time it's your turn, they are all booked which was confusing when you only had 8 people waiting ahead of you?? We decided to just get ready for 6 and walk right in since no one was really ready for that time so it was usually available. The food was ok but nothing to really look forward to. Yup, my Husband and I got sick which really took us by surprise. We do have a lot of different foods when we are at home so we didn't expect that. I was sick for about 3 days, my Husband on the other hand is still recovering after 2 weeks. I know I've read some other reviews which they mentioned that there were flies everywhere and yes they were right. My kids would beg not to go to the buffet restaurant. As they put it, Please, can we go to the indoor restaurant and not the Fly restaurant!It was really hard to be sucked in. I was really convinced that it was going to be perfect. The resort itself is very beautiful but it needs a lot of fixing up. We would have to take quick 3 minute showers because the water temperature was changing every 30 seconds either freezing or boiling hot! The shows were not too bad but don't expect broadway. My poor kids were so looking forward to the children's programs to find out everytime we would go to one, it had been cancelled. No reason given.Overall the Resort Management really need to start reading these reviews. We had a good time because we were together. My Husband would disagree because the poor guy was so sick he spent most of the day in the room but I would love to go back to Punta Cana. To Breezes? Well, I would have to know that some major renovating of the hotel rooms had been done and they do something about the food. We did meet some wonderful people. My kids made so many wonderful friends. One in particular I keep thinking of, Briana from New York. We wanted to keep in touch and when I went back to see her to give her our address, I couldn't find her so my daughter was so disappointed. As I was.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Never Again! I will start by saying that the only plus to this resort was the beach, other than that I would pass on this resort forever! The most shocking thing about this resort, although there were many, was that the bars, lobbies, and restaurants were NOT air conditioned. The only places of air conditioning were the disco, casino, and of course each room. In regards to the food, I would have paid to eat someplace else even though I was on an all inclusive package. The reservation system in place requires someone from your party to actually go and wait outside the restaurant at least 30 minutes before it opens and then hopefully get the time you would like to eat that evening, an inconvienence for sure.The buffets were a last resort, and the restaurants weren't much better. Speaking of the restaurants, does anyone know why a restaurant would require the men to wear LONG PANTS when the temperature is 90 degrees and the restaurant isn't air conditioned, uncomfortable to say the least. The alcohol advertised was suppose to be premium liquor, I think not, there was no bottled beer at all, unless you wanted to BUY IT in the giftshop. There was no Jack Daniels, Jim Beam, Bombay, Kahula, etc. This resort has a long way to go and lots of areas that need drastic improvement, amenities in particular, there aren't any. I could go on and mention the inconsistent housekeeping, the horrible towels and linens, the very bias bartenders, the horrible so called island drinks, and the list goes on and on. My recomendation would be to skip this resort and to extensively research any resort in the Dominican Republic, or just go to Hawaii.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2005
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Worst vacation ever We arrived at Punta Cana Breezes for a 5 day stay to honor our mother who turned 70. To our delight, the place was very nice. It ended at that point. Our rooms were not ready at the time we arrived. We could not get over the open air in the bars and lobbies with 95 degree temperatures. There was a raw sewage smell in parts of the hotel. The airconditioning was nill. The bartenders only served you if you spoke spanish. They were nasty, and could't make any drinks right. The brochure states preminum liquor...this was not the case at all. The food was disgusting. There were green flies all over the buffets for breakfast and lunch. Our party of 10 actually lost weight this trip! Our travel agent had e-mailed the resort 2 times , and asked them to do something special for our Mother's birthday..they did nothing. The disco was in the basement and smelled of mold and mildew so bad that we stayed for 2 minutes and left.This was our worst trip ever and we have been all over the world. Don't waste your money!  
<Date>Jul 18, 2005
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Terrible Arrived mid- May with my two boys. Had stayed at the Grand Flamenco a few years ago and loved it and was hoping to have the same type experience. The food, service and accommodations were embarrassing. Had to move rooms three times, trash everywhere by mid- morning. Even though I had paid for a transfer no one picked me up nor was this attended to. The only good thing was the kid's programs with a very nice staff. DO NOT STAY AT THIS PROPERTY. That was the first and last time I will ever stay at a Breezes property.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We had a great time but... I just got back yesterday. We were two adults and three teenage girls 16, 17 and 17. Overall, we had a great time and thought Punta Cana was beautiful. The beach was amazing! The girls had the best time, especially since they could drink. When we first got to the hotel, I was impressed with how pretty it was. The grounds were large and the place was very attractive. The pool was very big and lots of fun. Noone got sick. The staff was very friendly to us. They work very hard and try to keep it clean, which can be pretty difficult concidering how many people there are making a mess all the time. However their were some things that did bothered me. The hotel air conditioner did not work very well. Although, my room was confortable the resturants inside the hotel were not very strong at all. We were not told where anything was, I was given a small map that was not easy to follow. it took us a while to find some of the resturants, disco and casino. Although, the reasorts says no reservations needed, you will need to stand in line around 5:30 at your preferred resturant to get a later seating. However, that was a great way to make friends! The resturants were not very good at all. Also, they were enclosed, and little A/C. I would have liked a view of some sort. I guess being a New Yorker my standards are a little high. The best resturant I found was the Dominican one. The barbaque resturant by the pool offers outdoor dinner at night, that was better. I would choose to skip the fancy resturants, keep the shorts on and eat Al Carte. As for the room, well the pillows are horriable! All lumpy. even when we tipped the cleaning lady for better pillows, they were bigger and lumpier. My room smelled of mildew , the sheets and pillows always seemed damp. Luckly, I was to tired to really notice. The toilet flushed only in the early moring or the late evening. The shower was either really hot or really cold. The view was great! Room 4205! The girls room, did not have a working coffee maker or CD player. They did have ants. Room 4206!The jacuzzi did not work very well and seemed dirty. The disco was in the basement and it smelled like mildew. It was really hot a sticky down there. Although the girls didn't seem to notice. It would have been nice to have an outdoor club or beach party and night. Mostly, people hung around the bars ( plenty of bars) and played pool or cards. The shows were ok. It was something to do. The pool was fun, each morning the staff had a excersize program going. In the afternoon, there was games played in the pool with music and dance. The beach was great, the girls used the snorkels, boogy boards and went on the banana boat. We all made friends with people from other countries. England, Canada, Italy. Volleyball on the beach was exciting. Plenty to do during the day. We went to the spa and got a 25 min massage for $40.00. Not to bad. However, the vendors come in twice a week with some local jewelery and artifacts, Way overpriced! Not worth it at all. Overall, Punta Cana was great and I would go back again. However, I would look for a newer hotel with the same type of activites.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>loved the beach...but We had never been to the Caribbean before but our friends had been to Breezes Puerto Plata and apparently this was just not up to the same standard. The staff tried very hard with the entertainment but it was for a maximum of one hour per evening and there was nothing else to do at all unless you wanted to go to the casino we got bored of sitting in the same bar every night. We liked the speciality restaurants especially the Italian and Japapnese and found all the staff to be friendly, but the food in the main restaurant was not great at all. We all had stomach upsets during the stay and so did everyone we spoke to, that coupled with the mosquitos and the flies buzzing around uncovered foood in the pool bar plus birds flying around has convinced me not to go back there. Lovely beach but too many other drawbacks  
<Date>Jul 13, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful beach......... Breezes is a beautiful resort area. The beach was tops. We had a room inBld. #3 the oldest part, it was in need of repair and the a/c didn't work. We spent one night there-it was right above the ala carte buffet and it wasvery noisy all night long. We requested a room change it was in Bld. #6rooms were much newer, larger and the a/c worked great. Had lots ofgreat food, they do serve a variety of pork, fish, chicken, beef and pastaeveryday but, that's what a buffet is about. They also provided seat downservice restuarants also. To avoid standing in line to make reservationsshow up dressed and ready to eat at 6:00 p.m. they will take you right inand seat you for the early sitting. I didn't find the dominicans to be as friendly as the Mexicans in Mexico. In mexico they were always smiling,singing and always trying to accomodate you. I was looking forward toseeing the domincians singing and dancing the merenage, still waiting.The entertainment was really lacking any meaning it was dull andmacabe. The Casino was a joke, the dealers and workers in there werevery unfriendly. We loved the beach and food but, would never go backto this area, we prefer Mexico..........  
<Date>Jul 12, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>borin borin borin we are a couple the ages 19 and 21 we found the holiday soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo boring..there is nothing to do in the evening....... and the food is horrible. everyone we spoke to hated it as well. you go on holiday to put on weight and we both lost at least half a stone...... when we first got to the hotel it was night time... so we thought great start to the holiday a few drinks and some good entertainment....... that isnt what we got..... the show is 30 minutes and is soooo rubbibsh... everyone was sat down lookin really board.... and playing cards..... you can play cards anywhere....,..... you dont go away to play cards but that is what we did played cards in the evening....................... the night club isnt a night club its a under ground room with a bit of music................... it was crap...............................  
<Date>Jul 11, 2005
<Rating>1	1	3	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Want to lose weight....visit Breezes Punta Cana! Arrival: Not to horrible, if you don't mind wondering around the hotel for 40 minutes looking for your room (this will not be my last reference to getting lost in the hotel).Room: Not what you would expect for your Honeymoon Suite, 2 small beds that were rock hard (good thing there were 2 beds, my husband and I couldn't fit on 1, and we're average sized people). They did transfer us to an oceanview room the second night since we told them it was our honeymoon. You had to run around in the shower to get wet, and that was when the shower was working! Most TV shows were in Spanish.Night 1: We found the 24 hour bar! (Yeah, this is the only thing that kept us sane for the 7 days we were there). Wondered around the hotel for an hour before paying a janitor $5 to show us our room. The elevators near our room went up, but the button for down was broken. And we were later told by some guys who had visited the resort in 2003, that the button was broken then too!Food: DISGUSTING! Nothing solid came out of either of us for a month after returning home to Cincinnati. We both lost about 10 pounds from the sickness (and hiking around the resort for hours everyday trying to find our room) and no we didn't drink the water. Food is not sanitary at all. It just sits out in the sweltering heat, uncovered until someone eats it. And just a little tip, The Dominican Republic does not have cows-so that burger sitting on the grill is goat meat. Along with every other beef product. Activities: Pretty entertaining considering the amount of alcohol we had to consume to numb the pain of the whole experience. Do not swim in the pool, it looks like unchilled jello from all of the urine and by the end of the day, the edge of the pool is filled with beached diaper stuffing!Excursions: We did the Outback Safari and it was great (they serve Happy Drinks on the trip). It is an all day excursion, but well worth it. We also did the snorkeling, it was OK.Do not come to PC and expect to rent a car, they drive like maniacs, I saw 2 adults on a scooter and 1 of them was holding an infant and the driver was carrying a ladder trying to drive with 1 hand!All in all, if you are looking for a cheap trip to see a beautiful beach, Breezes is the place. If you're looking for luxury and peace and quiet, don't go to Breezes!  
<Date>Jul 9, 2005
<Rating>1	3	2	-1	1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>deel
<Content>Sick is not the word!!! If you like flies this is the resort for you!!! We arrived with hopeful dreams of a great getaway and returned sick as can be. Throwing up, flies, and unfriendly staff not really a good mix for a great vacation. Me and my boyfriend did not enjoy this resort at all other than the beautiful beach and an airconditioned room thats about all I can say that was nice. If you have time to switch to a different location please do so. We have done a ton of traveling and never have we experienced a time quite like this.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2005
<Rating>1	1	3	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>All the makings of a fine resort, but needs major surgery! We have just returned from a week at Breezes Punta Cana and lets just say we could not wait to return home as diarrhea and vomiting cast a dark shadow over the whole vacation.Check-in was fine, as we had booked independant transfers so arrived in advance of the hoards of travellers on our plane, however, an hour after we arrived it was chaotic, ie. not enough staff to deal with the number of guests to check in, as well as rooms not available for occupation which is somewhat dissapointing when you have travelled for a considerable length of time from Europe.The room was basic but had all the required amenties, ie. safe, AC, functioning shower and toilet, TV without remote control, however, it smelt very musty. We had an ocean view room which was off to the left of the ampitheatre, not good if you are feeling poorly and need some rest/early night, but good in terms of location to all the amenities, especially the restaurants.....The reservation system for the Al a Carte dining is absolutely ludicrous and if you are staying here for a week, be warned that you will spend in excess of 7 hours queing for a reservation for a time that may well not be available as 7.30 and 8.00pm are very popular to eat! The food is also mediocre with the exception of the Japenese (Munasan) which is good as the food is cooked before your eyes, whereas I believe all the others restaurants plate the cooked food in advance, heat the orders up in the microwave for serving, which resulted in the plates being exceptionally hot to touch, with the food tepid warm. The Mexican (Sombrero) was the worst with the French (Paris) and Italian (Martinos) following closely behind. El Marlin was also very good but maybe refrain from the lobster, tempting as it may seem!The main buffet, Alcazar, for breakfast was fine, as here too you can have your eggs cooked to order by an enthusiastic chef, with an amazing waitor called Julio. He is indeed a credit to the establishment, very sincere and always happy to oblige. Did not eat here for dinner or lunch.The atmosphere in the hotel is pleasant on the surface with plenty of guests milling through the lobbies with their Presidente beer in hand. Be warned of the VIP staff, who are selling timeshare and who will take up to in excess of an hour and half of your time giving you the presentation and upon completion if you are not convinced, move into another gear with hard sell tactics, not pleasant at all. Stay away from them at all costs, unless you are of course genuinely interested in puchasing a timeshare at this resort. The concept is OK; flexible weeks, flexible accommodation, but the baseline/home resort, ie. Breezes Punta Cana is not the right establishment to sell a 25 year commitment......The bar staff were pleasant most of the time, with a few exceptions of which I think we were to blame with our little knowledge of Spanish, which really does help at this resort. Drinks are plentiful albeit not all of the standard carribean cocktails on offer, but enough to work your way through if you so choose. We exhausted the Banana Mama (non-alcoholic frozen drink) from the bar at El Marlin and mostly stuck to bottled Soda water, when the sickness kicked in. The beach is fantastic, with plenty of sun beds, with the early birds reserving the best vantage points of the shoreline, by leaving personal belongings and towels.This resort has all the ingredients to live up to its parent name 'Superclubs', ie. plenty of activities for young children and adults alike, it has numerous restaurants and bars to choose from, but it does need some attention in areas; the rooms are tatty, but we noticed they were refurbishing a few rooms in our block during our stay, so they are trying! The stench of sewage needs to be addressed as this was most evident in the early evening when we were travelling between our room and the restaurants. The food definately needs drastic improvement as too many guests were suffering from stomach upsets and diarrhea for it to be associated with the hot weather and alcohol, especially speaking as a visitor who refrained from the alcoholic drinks for the majority of the vacation as my tipple was not available, ie. Mai Tai!  
<Date>Jul 8, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>best place ive ever Excellent Super Club This horel is amazing excellent value nothing is too much trouble more like a 5* accomadation definatly worth a visit any time beautiful place  
<Date>Jul 8, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Glad to be home After having just got home this morning from Breezes, i thought i would write my honest, unbiased review. I hope this helps! My partner and I stayed for one week (30 June - 07 July 2005) We went with Thomson and stayed in room no 3245 (beautiful views over the pool!) The hotel looked beautiful and indeed we thought it was at first, i even remember saying I wonder what all the complaints were about? to my partner.We arrived after a lovely flight from Gatwick to find to our suprise we had been upgraded for free to a pool view room. We arrived at reception the bell boys seemed friendly and went to check in, only to discover our room would'nt be ready for about 20 minutes, so the friendly woman behind the desk pointed us to the bar where we enjoyed a nice lager, we returned to reception to be told another 20 minutes and so on and so on. We didnt mind much, we got to our room which seemed nice, basic and clean. Our bags didnt arrive for another two hours though. We noticed that the bathroom door was kicked in at the bottom, the soap dispenser didnt work, nor the shower, we didnt have a bath plug so on and so on. These were only little things and as the shower only stopped working a few days before we were due to go home so we didnt bother to inform anybody. We also noticed that the food in the buffets (the main one and the pool one) We quite distgusting and fly ridden, also the odd bird flew in and started to peck at bread, oat and stuff, not that the staff did anything. I found the majority of staff to be very rude in the buffets, sometimes they would ignore you, when you asked for two pepsis, please they said no pepsi and slammed down one lemonade spilling it, stuff like that. we were also completely ignored in the snack bar, unlike the guests from Peurto Rico, who were served first without a doubt and didnt seem to need to que up for dinner reservations. Some friends of ours noticed this and complained to their (different) rep, who simply said. I know, theres nothing you can do about it , just says its a special occasion like a birthday or anniversary if you want a dinner reservation which isnt really satisfactory. We went to the Japanease restaurant, Mexican and the Dominican. We didnt like the mexican, but the others are lovely the staff are very nice and the food delicious. (Also these are the three less busy)The bar staff were sometimes very rude too. Both my partner and i became ill too, i am a nurse and i know a gastro intestinal infection hen i see one, and my partner definetly suffered from some severe form of one. The sea is beautiful, we did the two hour snorkelling trip through the hotel which was fantastic. We saw faeces in the swimming pool, so didnt go there at all as it was the perfect temp for germs to breed :). The jacuzzis smelt like sewage, only half woked, they were half full, and you couldnt see your feet worringly. We also werent blessed with the weather, but we expected that. The entertainment team were good, the shows a little dull. The nightclub was a little cheesy, but they were friendly enough.The sunloungers were mouldy too, and there wasnt enough shade. I never saw the trampoline or the rock climbing wall open or the ice skating rink. The trapieze was, the guys downs there are nice. All in all i took a lot of photos including fly ridden buffets if you would like to see any or ask me a question please feel that your very welcome to do so. My email is freya_barlow@yahoo.co.ukThis hotel looks beautiful and it really could be amazing but theres too many little problems, if i were booking again i would go back to Mexico where i went last year it only cost a little bit more, and was amazing. Hope this helpsfreyax  
<Date>Jul 8, 2005
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic... There are some pretty damning reports about this resort, but the majority appear to have found it a fantastic place to spend their holiday, just as we did. We went in a group of 4 adults and had a great time! I could hardly fault the hotel. 8 hours of flying from the uk was worth it i think.You get what you pay for... and we paid for a 4 star hotel. OK, so there was the odd power cut, one lasted for around 8 hours, but THAT IS WHAT YOU GET IN THE DOMINICAN! If you dont want to experience powercuts, book a 5 star hotel... in fact i'm not sure you wouldnt get power cuts anyway to be honest. You can't seriously expect perfect power grids in a country verging on 3rd world!The power cuts were few and far between, and actually caused no real problems during our stay.The food was great, i thought. Each night at the buffet restaurat is themed and there is always SOMETHING to eat. I hate seafood, and even on the seafood nights I always managed to find meat and salad etc.they do Seafood nights, Mexican nights, Jamaican nights, Spanish nights, Italian nights, Dominican nights and even oriental nights.We were there on the 4th of July too, and they did an American night in tribute which i thought was lovely... albeit slightly disappointing as it wasnt quite hat i expected lol. However, i didnt hear any moaning. If you dont like one of the buffet nights, go to the a la carte restaurants!The a la carte restaurants were great too. The mexican is outdoor and the service is fantastic there. Everyone is only too happy to help. We ate at the Italian twice too and it was possibly the best Spaghetti bolognaise i've ever had. With regards to queuing, if you want to book a restaraunt for later at night, you'll need to queue outside in a line from about 5, but if you want to eat at 6, when they open, just turn up in smart casuals and you'll be seated straight away. No problem. The service is great too. Lunch was pretty similar to dinner in the bufet restaurant, but hot dogs, burgers and chips were available at the snack bars. The pool BBQ was pretty good for burgers and chicken as well as pork and fish. We all needed Imodium at some point during the holiday... but again, that is something EVERYONE gets when they go to places like this. Your body just isnt used to the foreign food. You cant seriously expect to go and feel perfect all the time.The rooms were clean and really nice. Two almost double beds, an all inclusive fridge containing soft drinks, safe, shower etc, just what you'd expect. Satellite TV was also included, all American, Carribean, South American and German tv. Would have liked British news, but CNN was just as good. The coffee percolator was good and my partner really enjoyed the coffee.The bathroom was large and clean and i couldn't fault the maid. She changed the towels every day, mopped up properly, refilled the fridge, and even left flowers after we tipped her $5. The beds are slightly hard, but they're hotel beds, its hardly anything to moan at.The drinks are great too... they have a cocktail list but will do Baileys, mudslides etc and pretty much anything no on there if you just ask. The beer we had in the Dominican last year was foul apparently, but my partner said that this year i was pretty good. The beach was beautiful. The sand is almost white and the sea is turquoise. Ok, so you get covered in sand, but its nothing a shower cant fix lol. There's no shortage of sunbeds on the beach and you can find a quet spot easily as there is about 2 miles of deserted beach just past the hotel. Beach activities include parasailing, horseback riding etc. I didnt do any, but they looked pretty good. The mini icerink really is mini, and the trapeeze and rock climbing looked good too. I think tha the only thing i'd fault are the pool facilities and shops. The shops ran out of crisps and didnt restock all week, and charged $5 a bag. they had very few nice gifts and the cigar shop was extortionate. However, they had some nice expensive jewellery. The pool... it's huge, with a good amount of sunbeds around it, but as with everywhere, you have to get your towel down by 8am or you cant get near it. The pool was too kiddy orientated too, I think, and was always loud and lary. We spend more time at the beach as gettng a pool sunbed was next to impossible and there was constant loud music. If thats what you like, its brilliant, but i think an extra quiet pool would have been better. One pool isnt enought really in such a HUGE resort.We had a FANTASTIC time and i defy anyone to justify any real faults to me. I'd reccommend it to ANYONE.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jb27
<Content>We loved it! My boyf and I went for 2 weeks and returned to London on 5th July. We were quite concerned after reading some of the reviews, but decided that we would make it what we could. I have to say, we had a fantastic holiday ... the beach was wonderful, the staff were overly friendly and polite and the restaurants were very good - particulary the Japanese!When we arrived I got quite sick (oh, but that was because I went through the cocktail list at the swim up bar from 10am!) but do take care with the doctor - my boyf went and told him I was unwell and he came immediately to the room - that was $80 and then he wanted to put me on a drip ($400!) so I said no and just ensured I re-hygrated myself. The next day I was fine. The pool is quite warm - I think they said about 29C each day but we spent most time at the beach - how wondeful it was. Another tip - we went paragliding twice, but to ensure you get taken along the beach so you can get photos taken, ensure you say to the lady you book with. Both occasions we didn't get to th beach and had friends ready with the camera and when we asked why they said the wind had changed - although the people who went after us went along the beach. If you ask they will ensure you get along. We also went on the Thomas Cook snorkelling trip with Nurse Sharks and Stingrays - WOH! It was the most fantastic 1/2 day and I really really recommend it - great fun on the boat as well. The Sonoa Trip we found not to live up to expectations - the paradise beach was infested with ants (probably due to the food that was being served) and we didn't have much fun / laughs on the Katamaran. The speed boats were good fun though.If you go to this resort, and I hope you do, don't worry about the reports you read - we had a fantastic time, got a fantastic time and really really enjoyed ourselves. I think its true - you make a holiday yourself, and if you really want to complain (as many reports on this have) then you need to chill out ask yourself why you came on holiday! The queuing system for the restaurants is a bit silly but we all had to do it, and it was really really worth while.I hope you have a fantastic time if you go, and enjoy the fab weather and fantastic beach!If you have any questions then please feel free to email me on jboyd@xternal.holchem.co.uk  
<Date>Jul 7, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>NewYorker38
<Content>Great Time!!!! Just returned from Breezes on June 29th. The resort was very nice, the beach was beautiful. The pool looked nice but was really warm and not very refreshing. The food was ok, we were basically sick of eating by the time we left. We ate at a couple restaurants, the Italian was really good. None of us got sick. We did have a problem with our room, but it was straightened out in no time. Building 7 is the place to be. The electricity did go out a couple of times, but was really no big deal for us. It was a very relaxing time, not much for the night life so I really can't comment on that. The shows are fun and interactive. The staff was friendly, although I did find it difficult to communicate with some. This was my childrens first experience in the Caribbean and they loved it.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>No problems at Breezes!! We just returned Our family of 4 vacationed at Breezes from June 25- July 2. We had no problems with sickness!! We really enjoyed the resort and all of its activities. My children loved the trapeze!! I read many remarks before leaving, and worried about all the negative reports. The pool and beach were wonderful. The rooms are very small so we upgraded to a suite ($50 more a day), and it was well worth the extra money. The suite had 2 seperate rooms and a nice bathroom. The food in the special restraunts were excellent (except the DOminican restraunt). We chose to get in line at 5:30 and eat at 6:00. We never had any problems getting in. The buffets were very average, but we had to remember that the food was different in this area. The maid service was fine and we always left a tip. These people work long hours for very little pay. We did no tours because our children stayed busy at the resort. They did not participate in the Mini Club, so I have no review on that program. The shows were average but entertaining. Avoid the VIP people who try to sell vacation packs!!!! We did find it difficult to communicate with the staff on many occasions, it helps if you know some Spanish. We had a very relaxing week with lots of sunshine!!  
<Date>Jul 5, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Ignore the negative e-mail We had a great time at Breezes. Never got sick once. I can't believe all the negativity. I think some people just love to complain and look for ways to be miserable. Who cares if the power went out. Are you afraid of the dark? Breezes was great. 54 of us went for a wedding and it was beautiful.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>allyandry
<Content>Best vacation ever!!! You people are all nuts!       japanese rest. chef  
<Date>Jun 30, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Trip with Some Problems       gorgeous beach!  
<Date>Jun 30, 2005
<Rating>2	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Have been there three times I have been to Breezes three times already with my family. I find it very distressing that some people don't care for it. My observation has been that the people that are unhappy with the resort are usually the people that are always unhappy. I understand that the food is not as good as a cruise. But I have found for the price Americans pay, it is adequate. The resort is clean. Bottled water is everywhere. There is plenty of brand name liquor. The beach is the most beautiful I have seen. My room was a suite with full view of ocean. We belong to VIP time share and our home base is there. We always enjoy ourselves.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2005
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>FruitbatNT
<Content>Great time, don't believe bad reviews My girlfriend and I stayed at Breezes punta cana in the last week of Febuary, 2005. It was WONDERFUL. The resort is huge, but not crowded. BEACH and POOL : The Beach was wonderful. There were always chairs on the beach, although poolside fills up pretty quickly. The boogie board rentals (free) are pretty fun,and the ocean water is just like a nice salty bathtub (quite warm). The pool is usually fairly empty, except for the people going to and from the swim up bar, and the morning water exercizes.STAFF: The service staff were above average, not many english speaking service people, but very polite still. If you need something that they can't understand you can talk to your trip coordinators (from your airline, or other airlines if neccesary, most are located near the theater/lobby2) or the english speaking front desk staff, We found them very helpful. We were left without towels one day, but they were back within 1/2 hour with fresh ones and apologised for leaving us towel-less. The No-Tip policy is in place so people don't feel bad about being cheap. Leave the people a few bucks on your pillow and slip the bartender a dollar if he makes a good drink.FOOD : The food was very good. The buffet has many choices each night, and we ate a good cross section from curried goat to plain old spaghetti and tomato sauce and found them all to be very good. We also ate at 3 of the 5 a'la carte resturaunts. The japaneese very good, with the food prepared in front of you and choice of meat or veggie stir fry. The dominican resturaunt was odd, but still very good. I would reccomend checking it out for some food you won't be able to find anywhere else. The french has a more romantic atmosphere (although it was ruined by a crying baby for a short while, no fault of the staff). The breakfasts (when we were up for breakfast) were simple with cereal, toast, pancakes, juices and some lunch items put out very early. Lunch buffet was normal lunch fodder, coldcuts, cheese (which is NOT like american cheeses, very waxy)and bread. But the hit around lunchtime is the BBQ shack beside the pool. Very good chicken and burgers. We ate there every day and cleaned our plates each time.The only questionable food we ate was on our last night at the 24 hour el sombrero resturaunt. After dark they still have pizza (which goes fast) chicken fingers, burgers and fries. It isn't the greatest after midnight, but still there if you're hungry.BOOZE: Local beer of choice is presidente (D.R.) and is good when it's cold. liqors includes baileys, crown royal, kaluah, jim beam, jack D, and many other recognizable brands. Drink quality was largely dependant on who mixed it and how busy they are. Nothing came close to undrinkable but a few drinks were a bit left of perfect.SICKNESS : Neither of us got sick the time we were there. We didn't take any anti-malaria pills and had no problems. My girlfriend did get ill on the plane trip back, but that may have been for any number of reasons outside of the quality of the resort. ACTIVITIES: We kept ourselves busy the time we were there. During the day there are competitions poolside, usually involving the consumtion of alchohol. The poolside music stops for siesta from 1-3, so it's a nice break from noise. I took the free scuba lesson in the pool. It was fun, made me consider taking a local course for certification so I can go a dive on my next trip down. water activity rentals are good, and always had some boogie boards to give out. At nighttime it's a very relaxed atmosphere. The shows aren't the best, but some have entertainment value. the lobbies are chock full of people smoking cigars, talking, drinking and playing cards. twice a week they have vendors who come into the resort to sell their wares. Wood carvings, jewlery , cigars and rum are the mainstays of these vendors. Keep reading....SHOPPING: Anybody who takes a shopkeep's first offer is a moron. Plain and simple. They usually expect to get 10-40% of what they first ask you for. I spent about $200USD shopping and came back with quite a bit for my money. A beach market is about 1 hours from the resort. If you're into bartering, see how low you can get one guy, then play the rest against him. There are about 3 or 4 of each type of store (paintings, rum+cigars, jewlery). I'm sure there's not much actual competiton, but you can get a deal if you try. Many people don't like to barter, but it's how the business is done. Nothing has a price tag at the markets. Most dealers speak very good english (as well as french, spanish, and german). Bring USD to shop, but don't expect change in USD, local law prohibits giving change in anything but dominican pecos.OUTSIDE THE RESORT: TAKE the Bravado Runners tour. It's a large flatbed truck with covered seats in the back. It's an 8 or 9 hour tour of the countryside, and was probably the most memorable experience there. It was less than $100 each, with lunch, beer, mixed drinks. You see a sugar cane field, 3 towns, cigar museum, a local house with all sorts of plants in the back, compelte with a suprise, a beach, hoseback riding..... There's sampling of stuff all the way including hand picked/roasted/ground/brewed coca and coffee, hand rolled cigars, beer, local licquor, and good lunch. Our guide was Alex, and he was very knowledgeable about the country. When someone on the trip lost their camera he ran back to look for it and offered for the company to pay.OVERALL : Very nice place, very nice people, good food, good times.DOWNSIDES : Resort is very large, would go back to a smaller one in the future. Mexican resorts have many more english staff. A la carte doesn't do reservations before 6:00pm, so you have to waste some time in a lineup.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>jones22
<Content>Loved It!! Firstly: Please ignore all the negative reviews about this hotel, unless you live like royalty you will not have any problems here.Check-in: Quick, friendly service. Bell boys were great, you just leave your suitcases with them and they bring them to your room. Firstly we was given a room in block 7 which is quite out of the way so we ask for somewhere closer and we moved to block 4 no problem.Room: Was spacious (plenty of storage), clean but basic, but we suppose thats all you need. Air conditioning was was great, we dont know what we would have done without it. The maid maria was lovely and cleaned the room every day and left lovely flowers in the bathroom.Food/Entertainment: There are 7 restaurants (5 speciality) in the hotel, we tried all. There was definately a choice for everyone, even if you were a fussy eater. The Alcazer was a buffet where you could go for any meal of the day. The speciality restaurants were japanese, french, italian, mexican and the marlin but you have to book for these. The booking system for this seriously needs looking at, you have to start queuing up at 5 o clock and they dont start taking bookings till 6 and then you tell them what time you want to eat (lets face it nobody wants to be queuing on your holiday). All restaurants were fantastic and i suppose they were worth queuing for. Our favourite was the japanese, the chef cooks all the food in front of you and is quite entertaining. The entertainment is very family based, great for kids but not so much for adults. We however was happy to sit in the lobby areas near the bars with plenty to drink. For any lager drinkers the beer (presidente) is good and we recommend the cocktails however they make them very strong. The staff are very friendly at all time, considering how little they get paid and how long they work.Pool/Beach: The pool area was lovely and very spacious, plenty of sun loungers and umbrellas if you needed them. The swim up bar is great too. Altough the filters on the pool broke on the last day and could have brought infection and we didnt get informed. The beach is out of this world, absolutely beautiful. The sea is quite choppy but great for boogie boarding. Trips: There is a wide choice of trips, we decided to choose the trip to Saona island and the monster truck safari. We would definaltely recommend Saona Island trip. It is a beautiful island, we got on a speed boat to go there and a katamaran back, it was great fun. The monster truck safari was great too, a real eye opener as it shows you how the real dominican people live. If you choose this trip, take what you can for the children (sweets, soap, clothes) as they are extremely poor. Our tour guide was Joselito he was great fun and had us all drinking moster truck champagne (rum and 7up).Overal we had a fantastic time, met some lovely people and would recommend this hotel for families and couples who just want to relax and we would definately return  
<Date>Jun 29, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Would NEVER recommend -- don't bother wasting your time or money First off, any decent resort would have back-up generators incase of a power outage. As I found out the hard way, Breezes Punta Cana DID NOT! The food wasn't even average and the drinks were horrible. There weren't any activities or entertainment. I went for a friends wedding and was totally disappointed with the lack of service as well as the lack of variety of food. A word of advice, if you don't have children, DO NOT STAY HERE. The resort is kid friendly, which basically means you should expect a much lower level of service and don't expect anything romantic or couple oriented. Besides having nice weather (which had nothing to do with the resort), I really can't say anything positive about this resort. We lost power about 4-5 times EACH DAY, which also means no running water. For the life of me, I can't understand how any place that calls themselves a resort would not have back up generators!! I would have been happier paying for each  every meal vs. paying up front for an all inclusive package that wasn't even worth 1 cent of what i paid!!I strongly recommend that you not stay at this resort if you are the type of person that expects service (even mediocre service would have been nice) and wants to get their money's worth!  
<Date>Jun 28, 2005
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Would never go back - that's for sure Well, we're glad to be back in the US after my wife and I went to Breezes Punta Cana for our 10th annivesary, June 19-23. I read the reviews prior to booking and the consensus at the time seemed very positive. As the trip neared the reviews became increasingly negative so we were nervous. Here is a summary of our experience:Check in: arrived on time but had to wait 1:15 minutes before our room was ready (3:00 PM was check in time but had to wait until 4:15).Front desk: the staff at the front desk were about the only ones who couldn't crack a smile. They seemed displeased with having to answer any questions we had. The $50 room phone activation charge and no dialing of 1-800 numbers (for calling cards) is an absolute money-making scam. Advice: give people the actual hotel number and have them ask for your room at a certain time and whatever you do don't give them the 1-877 number they post on the phone as the number for outside people to call.Room: pleasantly surprised after reading the reviews. Stayed in block 7 with nice view of pool and ocean. Air condition worked great, tv worked great (can get lots of US channels), and the room was clean. Only problems we had was the tub not draining (but fixed within 4 hours) and had to call 3 times for towels. We left $2 for the maid each day and she worked hard. We did, however, discover $40 missing from our room because we accidentally left it on the bedside table. We didn't complain because we had no proof of who took it and didn't want to get the maid in trouble.Pool: Nicely landscaped but the pool became increasingly warm and dirty throughout the day. It's true in earlier reviews that people are at the pool bar for hours drinking loads of beer and whatever else and never leave to take care of personal business. Pretty disgusting. The staff works hard to keep the grounds clean but inevitably you have many people who are, plain and simply, slobs who don't know what a garbage can is for. Sad, but expected. Beach: beautiful. There were plenty of huts and chairs. The water was nice. Food: I'll say this about the food: my best meal on the vacation was the pasta on the plane ride back home. The food is actually very bad and previous reviews did not steer us wrong regarding this. We both had diahrea and my wife threw up on the way home, but this isn't our real complaint. The food just stunk, plain and simple. Also, it is true that when you look in the kitchens the people preparing the food are not wearing gloves.Restaurants: Ala carte - as you have all read, the reservation system is horrible. It wouldn't be so bad if all you had to do was wait in line for an hour and just live with it. The problem that I did not read about in past reviews was that there is zero organization with respect to the order of the lines. You have people forming lines from both sides of the restaurant entrance with everybody later arguing who was there first. Throw in another make-shift, self proclaimed I'm eating now line and you had a disaster. After waiting in line an hour the first night we were turned down for immediate sitting because I wore dress shorts, a polo shirt, and shoes but we watched them seat one person in a tank top, flip-flops, and cut jeans. Call me crazy but something was wrong there. I did have pants in the room but we opted not to be part of this chaos for future dining.Buffet: disgusting. disgusting.El sambrero: acceptable.El Marlin: joke.Bars: Ignore any reviews that say there is no top shelf liquor. This is blatantly false. If you are a drinker, this is the place to be - stong drinks with little wait. Last time I looked, Absolute vodka, Dewars scotch, and Tanqueray gin are considered top shelf. And they do serve diet coke, btw.Shows: something to do but everybody and their brother smoked so we left.Casino: pretty rude staff. I got spoken to for giving my wife blackjack advice. When I played, twice I had to correct the dealer that we pushed as she was trying to take my money. Save your money.Work staff: friendly and hard working. They try hard. Management is horrible though. Staff at thre front desk and in the gift shop are rude.Perhaps my review doesn't sound too bad overall, but for us vacation is about eating and relaxing. We missed out big on the former - won't go back.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2005
<Rating>2	1	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't come here If you have been to another island before like the bahamas or jamaica, do Not come here. People who rave about this hotel most likely have nether been to an island before or this is there first vacation. Food is not so good; you have to wait about an hour just get reservations for dinner in the sweltering heat. At the buffet- tables are rarely set, difficult to get drinks at dinner, not airconditioned. At the restaurantes men are required to wear pants and shoes yet the rooms are probably 80 degrees- my boyfriend was not happy about that. Drinks- bad. Power went out twice during our one week stay. One person with our party got sick the whole week. Excursion- horrible. we spent 100 dollars on an all-day snorkeling trip which turned out to be only one hour of snorkeling, 6 hours of transportation to and back from the island. And the worst of all is that the excursion only costs 25 dollars but breezes makes triple that amount (they take in 75% of the 100 dollars). So don't book excursions through them that are run by outside companies. Good things on trip- beach is nice, room was airconditioned....i think that might be it. I just wish someone would have told me this before i went on this trip. my advice- go to the bahamas.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2005
<Rating>1	2	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Never to Return - Terrible illness!! Booked especially for our 35th wedding anniversary with our friends. Originally booked Riu Bachata in the North,eventually allowed to change due to numerous reports of illness ( at a cost).Given Superclub Breezes, Punta Cana as an alternative, we felt good about this after reading reviews.On arrival at hotel looked good, check in no problem, taken to rooms by bell boy. The room looked nice with air conditioning,though there was a noise from a generator in a neighbouring building, which was not a problem until we found that it was on 24/7. After 2 nights none of us could sleep and requested to be moved which was no problem as they seemed used to moving people from this block due to the generator. The alternative room smelt damp  musty but the rep said that this was usual due to the air conditioning.After day 3, (Our 35th Wedding Anniversary!) terrible illness struck - High temperature, shakes, Nausea  terrible green diahorrea. Visited the doctor on site and was told it was an airborne virus. We where put onto a drip as where a lot of people which completely ruined the holiday and at that charged $400 for the privilege. Would have returned home the first week if we could. Would like to comment on the food  drink but restricted to water unfortunately!After suffering for two weeks we are still not right having stomach cramps after food and are having to go for tests. We moved our booking from the North Dom Rep. because of the illness and thought that the East was OK as there had been no mention of the illness. How wrong we where! The scary thing is that we are in our 50's and there is no telling what the virus would do to a young child or the elderly.Why are people still being sent there without no warning when they know there is a problem and still denying it (even on resort they are not acknowledging that there is a problem) -it is very wrong and unfair that you save all year to go on holiday and encounter such problems when you get there - especially when it is a special occasion!  
<Date>Jun 26, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mamaleah
<Content>Awesome vacation June 10-17 Our family of 5 absolutely loved our vacation at Breezes PC! We had read so many mixed reviews we were a little nervous about our trip, but decided to go with an open mind and hope for the best. It turns out that just about everything exceeded our expectations. Here's a breakdown:RESORT/CHECK-IN: It was very beautiful and kept pretty clean...check-in was easy and friendly...we had booked 2 rooms and there was no trouble getting them to put us right next to each other...check-in time is not until 3pm and we arrived at noon, NOT dressed for the beach. Next time we will be sure to have our swimsuits on under our clothes. We left our suitcases with the bellman and headed over to Sombrero's (the Mexican restaurant/snack shack) for drinks and a delicious buffet lunch while we waited for our rooms to be ready. ROOMS: We had rooms 4114 and 4115. Not a great view from either room, but no noise from restaurants/pool/show, etc. This location suited us well, as it was on the same level and right around the corner from the side lobby, where we liked to hang out to read/visit/have drinks. The lobby bar has an espresso machine and they make EXCELLENT lattes! A/C worked VERY WELL in both rooms. Matresses were very hard and pillows were lumpy. Refrigerators were cold and always well stocked. We brought a bag of children's clothes and gave them to the maid on the second day...she was very appreciative and always took good care of us.RESTAURANTS: After reading about the reservation system for the a-la-carte's, we decided to eat at 6 every night instead of waiting in line. This worked great for us. We would show up a minute before six o'clock and walk right in. We LOVED the Japanese restaurant (ate there twice), food at the French restaurant was excellent, but the service was S-L-O-W, Dominican restaurant was good, Italian was okay. Desserts at all restaurants were FABULOUS! The baked goods at this resort were really super. We were thrilled with the Alcazar buffet for breakfast...the French toast and pancakes were great and constantly being put out fresh, the made-to-order omelettes were a real treat, and there was a nice variety of fruit, cereal, breads and other breakfast side dishes to keep you from getting bored. If you want a refill on your coffee you have to ask...they didn't seem to be real big on bringing you a second cup. The grill by the pool was great for lunch, as was Sombrero's...both have wonderful French fries, and my kid's like the 'familiar' hot dogs, hamburgers and pizza.POOL: It was big and shallow enough that my kid's could stand in about half of it. The swim-up bar was a little rowdy for my liking, not to mention people seemed to hang around there for an awful long time without ever leaving for a bathroom break. The thought of it kind of gave me the creeps, so we tended to steer clear. We had to wait for towels on 2 separate occasions, but it was hot enough you didn't really need them to dry off.BEACH: Great, great, GREAT!!! The sand was clean and soft, the water was warm and clear, and there were fish about 10 feet from the shore that you could feed with bread or bananas from the poolside grill. We checked out snorkels on a couple of days and the kids had a blast looking for shells and feeding the fish. We got to the beach around 11 each day and never had trouble getting lounge chairs, although some of the chairs were a little worn and probably could stand being replaced.BARS: There was a big variety in the quality of drinks we were served. Pina Coladas were DELICIOUS, and my kids switched between the no-alcohol version of those and Shirley Temples. We LOVED not having to shell out $$$ every time they wanted a drink or snack! We brought insulated mugs and used them the days we just hung out at the beach. We watched to see which bartender looked like he knew what he was doing, then waited for him to make our drinks. We are rum drinkers and always specified we wanted Bacardi Gold...if you don't ask they will just pour generic rum. If you fold a dollar or two in your hand and discreetly slip it to a bartender you like, he will remember you and take care of you when you return. We found this to be true with several different bartenders at each of the bars we frequented. A few bucks here and there really went a long way towards making the service truly exceptional.SHOWS: We went to see a few shows, and they were okay...not spectacular but good enough. They had karaoke one night which my oldest daughter was thrilled with, and 2 nights they had shows that the little kids could participate in, which was fun for my 7- and 10- year old.SPA: I had a massage ($60) which was very nice. They had a full-service salon and seemed to always be busy with people getting a range of services.KID'S CLUB: My kids went twice and didn't love it. They are very independent and preferred to hang out at the pool drinking pina coladas than be tied to any scheduled activities.EXCURSIONS: My husband took our 2 oldest children horseback riding. There is a ranch literally right next door to the hotel that offers either a one- or two-hour ride, but our Hotel Beds representative talked us into a trip that (he said) was 'even better and only 5-10 minutes from the resort'. Turns out it was more like 40 minutes from the resort, the horses were old nags, and the area where they were riding was not very nice. I can't remember the name of the ranch, but we would DEFINITELY NOT RECOMMEND this trip. If you want to go horseback riding, go for the tour that is advertised right at the resort.SICKNESS: We had read so much about sickness at the resort, we really had our fingers crossed we would all be okay. We brought Imodium with us and it turned out 3 of us needed it, although it wasn't bad enough to be a factor in our fun. We were eating and drinking way more than we are used to, so an upset stomach is not at all unusual. On our second day there there were four people passed out in puddles of vomit (gross-sorry) around the pool area. These were part of the group I saw earlier that day sticking like glue to the pool bar and continually yelling 'TEQUILLA!' Apparently they yelled it one too many times. Needless to say we spent the rest of that day on the beach and NOT at the pool.MISC: On a few occasions there was a photographer on the beach with an exotic animal (monkey, snake or parrot). You could pose with the animal and he would snap your picture, which would later be on display for purchase next to the gift shop for $7. We got two great pics that way. The Dominican people are VERY nice, and really went out of their way to be helpful. We speak a little Spanish and they seemed to enjoy our efforts to communicate in their language. Overall, this was a spectacular vacation. If you are the type that is flexible and can relax and enjoy yourself, you will have a great time. If you are very rigid or set in your ways and only like things a certain way, you might be disappointed. Our family will definitely be going back!  
<Date>Jun 25, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BREZ6
<Content>Not bad after being so worried After reading so many negative reviews about Breezes we were worried. No need, had a great time.Arrived at the airport 25 min ahead of schedule, we were greeted by dominicans and picture was taken. We were then told were to go to meet our shuttle to take us to the resort. Are tour co. was Funjet. We met with the funjet people they took us to our shuttle. Drove for approx. 30 min. then arrived at the resort at 4:30PM. Were greeted by a doorman who took our bags and told us to go check in and then he would take our bags to the room. Check was quick, given two rooms in building 2. Went to room where the bellman was just getting there with our bags. Given room 2309  2310. Rooms were located to the left, we were not happy with our rooms, too far from the pool area and too close to the stage where they put on nightly shows. (did have a view of the ocean.) We went to the front desk where we asked for a change of rooms. They said they did not have anything at the moment but would put our names down on a waiting list. Next day went down to guest services and were given 2 new rooms in building 7. Rooms 7209  7210. Great rooms! One had a king size bed and the other 2 double beds. Great views of the pool area and the beach. Everything in the room was in working order. Must have been newly renovated because bed was soft and furniture looked new. (I would suggest requesting rooms in Building 4-7.) Room service was great! We had clean towels and sheets daily, as well as stocked refrigerator. Our maid was Pastora, very nice lady. We gave her $2 daily and small little gifts. We speak spanish and if you do it is a great advantage. The workers there work 20 some days in a row then have 6 days off. They are given rooms there to live in which are near Bld. 2. We did have 1 day of no cold water late in the afternoon. It was fixed within 2 hrs. We ate at the a la carte restaurants for dinner. We ate twice at the Italian place and the French restaurant. The Japaneese restaurant was great! We tried to eat there the day before we left , but it is closed on Tuesdays. You have to line up at 5pm to make reservations for later on (They start taking reservations at 6pm. If you are ready to eat at 6pm come dressed (men must wear pants) they will seat you right away. Its kind of nice walking straight in to the restaurant while everyone else is waiting in line!!!Beach was fantastic. I heard alot about strong current and big waves. Not true. My kids didn't even boogie board because the waves were too small.All the water sports were great. Free banana boat ride (1 free per family), free rental of kayaks, boogie boards, snorkeling equipment. Para sailing write off the beach, tubing, windsurfing.Pool was the biggest disappointment. Looked dirty, hot hot water, had to keep being filled with cold water due to it being so hot. People at the swim up bar never left their seats. Yuck!!!!! Only swam in pool once, most of our time was at the beach. Entertainment so so. Something to do at night. All in all had a great time. My son was the only one that got sick for 1 day. Ate way to much. Don't listen to all the bad review, judge for yourself. Just remember this is a 3 star resort. Don't expect a 5 star. Relax and enjoy.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2005
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>ehaffey
<Content>Sick from Breezes We stayed at the Breezes Resort in Punta Cana from June 14th - June 21st. I read the reviews on this resort weekly to get a heads up as to what to expect. The reviews were very helpful as I did take precautions while visiting this resort. Rooms: The rooms were ok and were your typical hotel room. We stayed in building 7 which overlooks the pool/beach area. The view from our room was excellent!Service: We found the service in the restaurants to be good. The bars at night got pretty overcrowded and you had to wait a few minutes to get a drink. Maid service was a little iffy. We had three days in which our room was not cleaned and were not given clean towels. We had to call the front desk those days to have new towels delivered. The people we went with had an incident of some stuff being taken out of their room (two bottles of rum). Food: The food was not the best! The reservation system for the restaurants is ridiculous! You have to get in line between 5:00 - 5:30 to assure a reseveration at the Italian or Japanese restaurants. Out of all of the sit-down-dinners, we tried everyone except the French restaurnant. Our favorites were the Japanese, Italian, and Dominican Restaurants. The food in these restaurants were excellent! The Mexican food was not good and the food at the buffets got a little bland after a while. However, the desserts in the restaurants were incredible!Pool/Ocean: The pool and the ocean are beautiful! If you try to reserve an umbrella by the pool too early in the morning, it will get taken away by the workers and given to somebody else if you are not sitting under it.Night-Life: Not too much to do at night. The shows were pretty boring so we sat around the lobby and played cards (make sure you bring your own). The casino was very small...don't waste your time or money!We did a few excursions while on the trip. We took a shopping tour, went snorkeling (Marinarium - you swim with nurse sharks and sting rays) and did the Outback Safari. All of these trips were well worth it. Our favorite was the Outback Safari as you got to see a lot of the country!Now that we are home, 3 out of 4 of us are sick. My husband came back with a 104 degree fever last night. He just got back from the doctor and has a severe bacterial infection and has to be treated with Cipro. He has to miss work the next 3 days. The doctor says it was caused by unclean eating conditions (food not prepared properly, eating off an unclean plate, food not cooked or kept at the proper temperature). The other two are also extremely ill. They both have severe vomiting and diaherra. I am not going to tell anyone not to go to this resort as it is not my place to do so, just take precautions before you go and make sure to pack plenty of imodium, pepto, etc. If you have any questions please feel free to email me at:good_deal37@yahoo.com  
<Date>Jun 23, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We had a fantastic time...... Me and my mum (20  49) stayed at Breezes from 6th to 20th June 2005. We had a fantastic time, we were slightly concerned after having read several other reviews before we left, but please do not be put off by these!The main thing that put a downer on the holiday for us was that we flew into La Romana airport which was 2 hours away from the hotel which we were not aware of, however, this is an issue with our travel agent and not the hotel. On arrival, we were greeted at reception with drinks and had to fill in a form with passport number etc, this took all of 5 minutes you just need to be patient when queing. They were very polite.The first room that we were put in was nice but our balcony overlooked some sort of power station and for us it was a bit noisy. We called reception and explained the situation and they were happy for us to change rooms. I have read alot of reviews about people complaining about their room, but if you ask to change they are very happy to accomodate so its not their fault if you dont let them know you are not happy with it. We werein room 6214 and it was really nice.The grounds of the hotel are lovely. There are always people cleaning or gardening or doing something it was so clean! I could not fault it at all.There is a medical office on site open 24 hours if you need to see a doctor. There is also a spa, we went for a massage which was lovely. It was $35 for a full body massage you have to book the day before but I dont think they get that busy so you should be able to get in.During the day, we stayed on the beach mostly and ate in the snack bar by the swimming pool. This served chips, pasta, hot dogs, toasted sandwiches salad etc, and also a bbq, and all of the staff were happy to serve you drinks. This snack bar did become very busy during lunchtime, and so towards the end we went to where the Mexican restaurant is which does pizza, burgers, chicken nuggets etc. You can also eat in the main buffet restaurant at lunchtime however, you have to cover up you cannot wear just swimwear.Overall we found the food to be very good, we did have a funny stomach once or twice but nothing a bit of immodium cant handle. Alot of people blame the food for this, but remember that it is very hot for most of the day which your body isnt used to and so this can affect you also. The only thing we had an issue with with regard to the food was that the main buffet restaurant had a theme each night which we did not always like ie jamacian or seafood, so on these nights we went to the speacialty restaurants (ill tell you more about these in a mo).The evening entertainment was good, just take it for what it is. The entertainment team work so hard, and the dancers are absolutely brilliant. The circus show was fantastic, they put so much effort into everything that they do, they even decorate the foyer outside the main buffet depending on the theme!Speciality resturants:These open at 6pm so you can start eating at this time up until 9:30, you must have a reservation though. It is a silly system, I would advise that if you dont want to eat straight away you start queing at about 5pm so that when the doors open you can make your reservation. It sounds silly to have to sit for an hour but on our second night we turned up at 6 and were at the back of the que, we tried to get in at 8pm but they only had tables for now but we were still in our swimwear. You will see what I mean when you get there! It was not really a problem, we used to get a drink and read our books, or chat to the others in the que. The food in these restaurants is gorgeous. Our favourite was the Japenese. They cook the food in front of you and you can take pictures. The Italian and French are also nice. You dont have to make a reservation for the Mexican. The food was ok however, we did have a funny stomach after eating here. Dont be put off by this though because others ate there that we knew and were fine.Take US Dollars with you as this is the currency they accept at the airport for your tax ($10 in and $20 out). You may want to take some Dominican Pasos as the supermarket is priced in these. You can pay in dollars but they give you the change in pasos.If you are going to be phoning home be prepared for a large telephone bill. You have to pay a $50 deposit at reception to open the line in your room and then you settle the bill when checking out. We used the phone to phone England about 6 or 7 times talking for about 5-10 minutes. This cost us an extra $114 dollars on top of the $50 BE WARNED! It might be worth taking a mobile, you have safe in your room so you can keep it in there.We didnt go on any trips because we get travel sick on boats and coaches so I cannot comment on these. From what we heared though they are very good. They do not do swimming with dolphins however, you can swim with sharks on one trip!Please dont be put off by other reviews, in one they said if you are going they suggest you cancel it! This put me off but they couldnt have been more wrong. You have to remember that it is a poor country and so everything is not going to be of the standard that you are used to. If you have any issues speak to guest services and they will try and sort the problem out. Dont not say anything and then complain about it later they cannot help you if they do not know there is a problem.I think that I have covered everything, if you have any questions though please email me at lucyjaynec@hotmail.com. Overall, we had a fantastic time and I am even thinking of going back next year with my boyfriend.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lovely Resort - take lots of Immodium!!! My boyfriend and I stayed at Breezes from the 2nd of June until 16th of June 2005. The resort is lovely, the staff are great, my only complaint is that we were both ill about 10 of the 14 days we were there. We both suffered very badley with Diarrhoea and Sickness and that is what really ruined the holiday for us. It didn't seem to matter where we ate we still got sick, and this lead to us having to be confined to our room quite a lot of the time. I wouldn't not go to this resort, my advice would be to make sure you take loads of immodium with you though. Enjoy :0)  
<Date>Jun 20, 2005
<Rating>2	5	3	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Dreadful illness - Get it moved if you have booked! After day 3 terrible illness struck (Airbourne virus we where told!), ended up on a drip as did a lot of people which completely ruined the holiday. Would have returned home the first week if we could. After suffering for two weeks we are still not right and are having to go for tests. We moved our booking from the North Dom Rep. because of the illness and thought that the East was OK as there had been no mention of the illness. How wrong we where. The scary thing is that we are in our 50's and there is no telling what the virus would do to a young child or the elderly.Why are poeple still being sent there when they know there is a problem -it is very wrong!  
<Date>Jun 20, 2005
<Rating>1	2	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>pittipatga
<Content>Not so bad after all We returned from Breezes two days ago. We went prepared for anything and were pleasantly surprised. The airport was ok as was our taxi ride to the resort. Our reception at checkin coulldn't have been better. Our room was ready and we were in it in about 15 minutes. We were in block six which is very good. Not so much noise in the early morning and night. The room had recently been remodeled and the furniture looked very new. The room was very well air conditioned and spotless. The bathroom was very well taken care of. The food is plentiful and a wide variety - just be careful. The specialty restaurants are pretty good and they are air conditioned. Just be prepared for the strange reservation system they have. You have to go stand in line at 6:00 pm on the night you want to eat and see in you can get in. Needs much work. The Casino is really a joke so stay away if you are used to real Casinos in the USA. The pool is nice however I would have preferred that it not have soo many children especially those is diapers. There was a kiddie pool area which I wish they would stay it. The swim up bar is nice if you can get to it - very crowded. The pool is best in the early part of day before is gets cloudy from soo many folks and soo much drinking and folks NOT getting out for potty breaks. Enough about that. They have a Spa which is nice. Internet is reasonable. The gyn is very hot. Hard to work out in the heat. The gift shop is very expensive so take stuff that you will need. They do not have stamps at the resport but do sell postcards. No pay phones and no availability of 1-800 calling with calling cards from you room. The beach is very pretty and plenty of chairs. Lots of stuff to do and see. The evening entertainment is a little weak but is still something to do. Plenty of games, music, pool tables, and folks to talk with. There were mostly people from England and Canada when we were there. Few from the USA. The staff has limited English but if you know a little Spanish, you can get buy. Don't look for non-fat milk or diet drinks - they are non existant. They occassionally have Pepsi and Coke Light, but they still have sugar is them. A list for stocking the mini-refrigerator in the room list diet drinks but they didn't have any the week we were there. All in all it an ok place but we are glad to be back in the USA.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful Resort and Staff! We just returned from a lovely vacation at Breeze Punta Cana, the hotel was beautiful and the attention from the service was great. People are so polite and attentive to your need. We stayed in one of their suite, it was beautiful and food was excellent. My childrens loved the activities ages 7 and 10.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't do it to yourself!!!!!!!!!!! I thought it would be nice to take my boyfriend here for his graduation gift from college, but boy was I wrong!!!!! When we 1st got to the hotel we realized we just made a big mistake. The bellmen didn't spek a word of English, they threw our suitcases off the bus and we had to take them to our room ourselves.  The top shelf liquor they promise you is a joke, the only liquor I saw was the Jose Quervo, the rest said Vodka, Rum or Wiskey right on the bottle and that was it.. Whatever you do don't get a Margarita, It taste like watered down lime juice. Bascically all of the drinks were watered down, we had to do shots of hot tequilla just to feel a buzz. The only beer you can get, is their beer called Presidente. When we saw a six pack of budweiser in the gift shop we were so happy. When we went to buy it, it ONLY COST $17.53 in U.S dollars (what a rip off)... The room service is sad, they never changed our sheets. I had to argue with a house keeper who only spoke spanish to get a towel since after she cleaned our room she took all the towels and left none. Don't eat the food you'll be sick, the buffet is fly covered. The men looked at me like they wanted to jump my bones. The guard at night is some guy sitting on the beach with a shotgun, not romantic at all. There were people all over trying to get us to buy stuff from them. 2 necklaces $101.00 U.S.D thats a joke. THe shows at the ampitheatre were so dumb. The only good thing I can say was the beach was beautiful, and the boogie boarding was fun, but we can boogie board at The Jersey shore for a lot cheaper. Don't waste your time, or money DON'T GO THERE!!  
<Date>Jun 16, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>mother-of-bride
<Content>Wedding at Breezes We went to Breezes from June 6th to the 11 for my daughter's wedding. We had a great time.The bus ride from the airport is an eye opener on how well we live. It is about an half hour ride from the airport. Check in was quicker than I expected after reading reviews. We did have a problem with our first room. It had 2 double beds instead of the king I asked for and the lock on the sliding door to the deck was broke. Being on the ground floor I wasn't staying with it like that. They wanted to send someone to fix it but we knew it wasn't that easily fixable. We went back to the desk and told them we wanted another room and they gave it too us.The food is ok but not fantastic. They do try to make everything look very nice. With there being 6 restaurants and one being a buffet, you should be able to find something to eat. For breakfast there is a smaller buffet out by the pool and the big one inside. Lots to pick from. Lunch- the outside buffet, bar-b-que and Mexican buffet. I have to admit, they can't cook beef without it being like shoe leather. They do use a lot of coconut oil in their cooking. That works as a laxative and if you are doing a lot of drinking on top of that, your stomach can't handle it. 2 in our group had stomach problems. The bartenders have a mixture they can make up for you and it works.The workers there are very friendly, especially if you speak to them. They are very hard workers. They work 6 days a week and some we saw there working over 12 hour days. They don't make very much for working such long hours. None of us thought we waited very long for a drink or anything we asked for.Entertainment- well it's not Broadway, but you can't expect it to be. It was fun watching a night or two. The disco is just ok. The casino- they play some of the games differently than they do in Vegas from what I heard. One in our party did hit it lucky at one of the slot machines.The pool was busy with a lot of little kiddies and people at the bar. I went for the beach. If I wanted the pool I would have stayed home.The beach is beautiful. We walked up the beach and looked at other resorts. Breezes had the cleanest beach. The whole resort is kept very clean. There were plenty of chairs and huts. The water is beautiful. We took the sea kyacks out 2 afternoons.Only saw 1 mosquito the time we were there but if you had any nice smelling lotion on, I think it may have been sand fleas, they would love you but that wasn't that bad either.The wedding was absolutely wonderful. When my daughter arrived the wedding coordinator walked them around to decide where they wanted to do it. They decided in the garden with the water behind them. We were in the shade there. They made palm archways for them to stand under. A 3 piece ensemble followed them down the pathway. Every detail was looked after. We had dinner at the Paris restaurant. Everyone had 3 entrees to pick from. Again the beef wasn't very good at all but the salmon was said to be good and the seafood platter.Do I want to go back again? No, but only because I would like to see other places. If I did, I would definitely go back to Breezes.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>dont be put off Well what can I say! After reading all the bad reports our party of 5 tried to cancel our trip, however it was too late, I'm so glad it was this hotel and location is fantastic!!! I have stayed in many 4* hotels and I would say its above the average for anywhere in europe. I did pick up the stomach bug along with my neice and nehew, my hsband and mother where fine this was not due to the food of how clean the hotel was, this I feel was a virus I would advise anyone to take rehydration drinks with them, If possible get some antibiotics before you travel. The only reason for people going to hospital was dyhdration as once they had the bug they were still sitting in the sun and not drinking. The rep Lisa I found told everyone that nobody eles had it and it was caused from the mylaria tablets and you should see the doctor (at a very large price of 60 dollars a trip and you may need to go up to 4 times) I think she had shares with him, I didnt need the doctor and was fine after 48 hours. I would advise that you take lots of high factor sun creams as we went through a bottle between 5 in one day, I am dark skin and only ever use factor 2 however I needed factor 25 the whole trip. There is only one small shop for sweets etc they are very expensive and I found made the pcices up daily. If you smoke get your fags on the plane. A small packet of basis pain killers is 5 dollars here, So take and medication with you as this is very limited and if you require anything its a trip to the rip off doctor!! The food in the main restarant does have a problem with flies this is only due to the heat, the place is spotless and they change the food often. We only eat food that came out fresh or cooked fresh becaue I have a real hatred for flies. The restarants upstairs itailan and french and japan are really lovely, If we didnt want to cue at 5.30 to book we just went there at 6 and went straight in we found the service better at this time as well Its worth the wait to be looked after. The fish restarant by the pool is really bad and I woulnt advise anyone eats here! The staff here are the the best I have meet anywhere in the world they really looked after us for very small tips. If you can go on the monster truck sufarie this is a must around 52 each, you see how these people live it really makes you very humble they have very little but are so very happy, its grat for kids to go and see how well off in the U.K they are, I would advise if you have any clothers or hats that dont fit you take them on this trip however save them for the kids at the sugar cane they are really poor and so happy for a hat or any small gift they really dont have ANYTHING! they earn 5 dollars a day if they pick one tone of sugar cane! You will be alllow to take out over on your luggage allowance BUT!! when you return you are only allowed 20 kilo and 5 kilos hand luggage if you are over they will charge 10 dollors a kilo! You will also have to pay 10 dollors each to get in the contry and 20 dollars to leave this must be paid in dollors they except NOTHING eles. This hotel is however lovely the beach is pure white there are lots of sun beds I didnt use the pool as I was put off by how hot it was. The water sports on the beech are graet the staff are lovely. If you like the ringos these are 10 dollors for 15 mins ask for a rough ride, belive me its fantstic. We also went snokling with them instead of the high price with the rep this is really worth it just remember to take bread to feed the fish. If you want to swin with the dolphins with the rep you will pay 175 each. However if you go to the desk at main reseption in the right had corner you can do this with them for 40 each and its fantastic the parks not that good but the dolpins are so cute. The gardens are really well cared for and look lovely, The rooms were clean and we gave the maid a tip every other day and for this she left flowers in the bathroom and filled the fridge with soft drinks each day. The pillows are not good all lumpy and the beds are hard.If you would like to know anymore I would be only to pleased to help. One last thing you wont need beach towels these are availble free of charge and clean everyday, And you must try the tripeze adults and kids the guys that work on this are really good teachers and so very friendly and you will never get to try this in the u.k its once in a lifetime. Please enjoy your trip I am sure you will Kerry U.K xx  
<Date>Jun 14, 2005
<Rating>4	5	2	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Mediocre-Not Worth it It has been 5 years since my last Caribbean vacation and my children are very first. I must say, I was very disappointed with our experience. The restaurant reservation system was pathetic. If you wanted to eat at the French, Italian, Japanese restaurants, you had to get on line so you could make a reservation at 6:00 PM. The first night, we did not know about this, the second night, we were on line at 5:30 to be told they have no more seats available at 6:15, the third night we were on line at 4:30 and were still the third party on line. We actually got in that night. I wait on line when I'm not on vacation, why would I want to do it now when I'm supposed to be relaxing? What's bewildering is that other guests thought this was NORMAL. The food was just okay and the portions were small. I found the best dining experience to be at the Mexican restaurant were reservations were not necessary. You gave your name and came back in 1/2 hour and there were no problems. Now to the bars...it took a minimum of 10 minutes to get a drink, because the bartenders do not know how to multi task and move slower then molasses. Even after tipping, which you're not supposed to do, I was still invisible and I've NEVER felt like that before. I even gave my Livestrong bracelet away and yet I was still just another face. I'm not used to people not acknowledging my presence. If I didn't have to get drinks for everyone, I'd order several for myself at one time, but this was not an option. The servers were not very friendly and the service was mediocre at best. To add to it all, my son got bronchitis so we went to the hotel doctor. He then sent us to the clinic who wanted to keep him for 2 days while I go back to the resort. Yeah right, who in their right mind would do that? I believe it was all a scam to get my money! Who needs to be hospitalized for bronchitis? If it weren't for the activities we did, the experience would have completely sucked. The snorkeling was great, as was the horseback riding. The all day safari was the best, but all at an additional cost! My all inclusive wasn't what I had expected. My trip to Puerto Rico 5 years ago and my trip to Jamaican 10+ years ago, far exceeds this trip to Breezes, Punta Cana. I'll stick to the states, Jamaica and Puerto Rico, thanks!  
<Date>Jun 13, 2005
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I LOVED IT, IM GONNA MOVE OUT THERE! I thought it was a FANTASTIC holiday and a great experience, the hotel was magnificant! I have never seen such a beautiful place. It was so lovely that i didn't want to come home to england, i cried when i had to leave. The staff are such nice people and they make you feel very welcome, one staff member made the holiday really special though, his name was Julio (Hoolio)!(miss you loads Julio, england!)Overall i would say this is the best hotel ever and i will definately be going back there next year, as well as moving out there when im old enough.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Do not stay at this resort!!!! We stayed at this resort for only 5 days before we were transferred to an Iberostar hotel. We would have left earlier if the weekend hadn't of caused an obstruction as the holiday company were not open for 2 days. The staff are unhelpful and miserable. The sunbeds should have been thrown out 3 years ago as you fall to the floor when you sit in them. There are only about 30 umbrellas to accomodate 1500 people and you have to be up at the crack of dawn to reserve these. The food was terrible quality with no sneeze plates over the buffet at lunch. Flies everywhere. Mosquito bites are prolific. The rooms are damp with condensation running down your sliding doors and mirrors. Had to change rooms as my clothes were ruined. The bedding wasn't changed even though numerous requests were made. You have to queue up for ages to book a meal at the speciality restaurants between 5pm and 6pm, the booking system is atrocious. The swimming pool has a film of dirt on it first thing in the morning and the pool man agitates the water to disperse it. Cockroaches running around. Toilets by the Mexican restaurant were spilling out sewage onto the pathway and nobody doing anything about it. No seats or tables at night to watch the shows as its an amphitheatre style with no canopy if it rains. The animation team are only interested in young girls and do nothing all day. The coffee machine, cd player and television didn't work in the rooms. The plants are all dying and the front of the hotel is a disgrace. People were falling ill all around us with some having to go to hospital and some on drips in their rooms through food poisoning. The only good thing about the holiday is that we got out of that disgusting hotel and went to paradise elsewhere!  
<Date>Jun 12, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>DAM95
<Content>Wonderful Anniversary had at Breezes! Myself and my husband stayed at Breezes Punta Cana 23 May to 7th June and were there for our 15th wedding anniversary. We had a great time, and feel that after reading so many negative reviews about Breezes that we must have been in a totally different place!Our room was in block 4 and was always cleaned early, fridge replenished, clean sheets and towels etc. The air con was perfect and we had no probs with shower pressure or hot water in the whole 14 days.The food at Breezes is outstanding. We ate in all the a la cartes which were excellent but I have to say that the Buffet also was outstanding every breakfast, lunch and dinner. Food was always being replenished and there were always different things to choose from. The staff in there were nice too. The beach is absolute paradise! Gorgeous sugary soft sand and the beach is nice and wide and is never cramped. Plenty of loungers and palapas.The shows in the evening were very good. The dancers and all the team worked really hard all the time.The weather was very hot. Bring plenty of sun cream because you will need it. Also make sure you bring enough toiletries to last you as they are very expensive in the hotel shop. A bottle of shampoo is $15!!!  
<Date>Jun 12, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>TravelinTeacher-7
<Content>Beautiful Breezes in Picturesque Punta Cana During late March/early April 2005, we took a relaxing vacation to the Breezes Punta Cana Resort Spa and Casino. Overall, our time spent there was very memorable, filled with memories of beautiful beaches, unique activities, tasty food, and a hospitable hotel staff. However, like nearly any destination in the world, we stumbled upon a few minor glitches.  Let's begin by discussing the positive attributes. First of all, the scenery is absolutely miraculous- the beaches are pristine, with crystal clear water and immaculate white sand, along with beautiful sunsets. The pool area is gargantuan, and just as appealing as it looks in the advertisements. The swim-up bar is a nice added bonus, as well! The restaurants are exotic, interesting, and contrary to the circulating rumors, we were always seated instantly every single night. We all agreed that the Japanese Restaurant was probably the best. The Mexican Restaurant was also a lot of fun- if you go, ask them to play La Bamba and make sure you sing along with them. Oh, one more thing, if you go to the French Restaurant, make sure you talk your waiter into giving you the best kind of wine they have. Don't even think about settling for that cheap stuff! To top off the hearty meals, the night entertainment can be pretty impressive. For example, karaoke night is terrific fun. I sang Material Girl by Madonna, and there's a song in the selection book for just about anyone who wants to sing. In addition, they have an Impersonation night where guests can get up on stage and make fools of themselves (and be disowned by their relatives in the process). I personally left with a good impression of the entertainment because I won a free bottle of wine one night. How did I win? Well, the entertainment staff asked the audience, How many rooms are in this hotel? I answered 774, and they gave me the wine even though the number is actually larger.  There's some rare and exciting activities to do during the day that you may not have the opportunity to do other places. We did the flying trapeze, which is a little scary if you're afraid of heights, but ya only live once. The parasailing is exhilarating if you're willing to spend some extra cash, but it was worth it for us, especially when we saw the dolphins out at sea. In addition, they have all sorts of contests going all day long (i.e. potato sack racing) and athletic tournaments (i.e volleyball on the beach and soccer). If you want to simply indulge yourself in the wonders of the Caribbean Sea, just go rent (yes, it's free) a boogie board and let yourself float in the water. If you're feeling a little restless, take a walk along the beach and marvel at all of the new hotels that are going up or get your hair braided (never pay full price, though- always talk them into more braids for less money).  Despite all of the enticing assets Breezes has to offer, there are a few concerns that I must mention. I will start by saying that I NEVER EVER get sick in real life. However, I've been to the Dominican Republic twice and both times I've wound up with an uncomfortable case of Montezuma's Revenge. It only lasted less than a day though for me- no throwing up, just bad diarrhea. You cannot drink the tap water here,and personally, I feel that having to brush your teeth with bottled water gets annoying. In addition, other than the resorts in Punta Cana, there is really nothing else to do there. The town is very poor and dilapidated, and lacking in the sightseeing ventures that you might find on other trips. So if you book a trip at Breezes Punta Cana, expect to spend the entire duration of your trip literally at the resort. And if you're looking for a family vacation, I'd look elsewhere. This place is mostly geared towards travelers 18 and up, not to mention that women don't always wear their bathing suit tops at Breezes Punta Cana. A few words of advice to the wise. Number one, learn a little Spanish before you go. Spanish is their native language, and if you take the time to respect that, it will pay dividends. Remember that good wine at the French Restaurant I mentioned earlier? Well, that was the result of my conversational Spanish. And girls, the Dominican men will find you very attractive, but don't take it personally, and DON'T give out your home/cell number to any of the hotel staff. They just might go ahead and call you when you return home as they did to one of the girls I was traveling with. In a nutshell, Breezes Punta Cana is a good time, and the Dominican natives are pretty friendly. It's a good deal in that everything, food, drinks, entertainment, is all inclusive. After spending a week here, I would definitely recommend this resort, but do remember that you are in a third world country.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Time!       Our Balcony View  
<Date>Jun 9, 2005
<Rating>3	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>elateia
<Content>Lovely week We stayed at the Punta Cana for seven days at the end of April. It was our first time to the Dominican Republic although I am a well seasoned traveller. Overall I thought the hotel was very clean and accomodating. I found the staff to be very polite and helpful. We were initially booked into a room in Block 5, having read previous reviews I knew that this block was by the gardens. I asked for an upgrade an upon tipping the front desk we were given a room in block four, facing the pool. The room was lovely, our maid was exceptional. I like others would recommend leaving a tip and small presents as a token of appreciation. They work incredibly long hours. The only gripe I would have against this hotel (apart from the reservation system for the restaurants) is not with the hotel itself but actually with the conduct of some of its guests. The first three nights of the holiday we were consistently woken up by groups of young americans standing on their balconies shouting. Now I am in my twenties and have partied like the best of them but I do not appreciate being woken up at four a.m. However I must praise the hotel because upon complaining about a particularly abusive neighbour we were moved to Block seven and upgraded.If you have young children then I would recommend either staying in block seven, or further round by the ampitheatre and away from the pool. Which is where the late night noise emanates from.On the food front, please do not expect five star cuisine, but they do try their best. Out of all the restaurants I would recommed the buffet as they have a very wide selection and the staff work very hard to keep the tables clean, and the food is replenished regularly. Neither of us suffered any upset stomachs and I really did think that the staff tried their best to keep the food as fresh a possible.We had a lovely week and I would recommend the hotel to both families and couples but beware of the noisy groups.The beach is exceptional and there are plenty of sun beds to go around. I would recommed taking the safari tour, and get out and see the island.If you go I wish you a pleasant trip.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>hot&sandy
<Content>Dirty! I was there from 4th to 7th of May, then we moved! French Fries, Pizza, cups and straws everywhere in the pool. At the swim-in-Bar: Excuse me, But: Americans, Canadians and guests from England in 4 Rows were drinking for hours - and did not leave the pool to p.... Probably I have different priorities for my vacation. I expect Friendlyness and Cleanlyness for the money I pay and I want to relax with my husband and my 5 year old daughter. The beaches - HOW CAN ANYONE SAY THEY ARE GREAT? I was at the Barcelo Bavaro Palace 5 times before - THAT's GREAT! I just can imagine, that the people, which write these positive reviews, never have seen a real good hotel. Excuse me!And watch the Forum: A lot of people got food poisoning. Luckierwise we had already left the hotel.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2005
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awesome first vacation       Our Balcony View  
<Date>Jun 6, 2005
<Rating>4	2	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Please cancel any plans to visit this resort! My husband and I decided to honeymoon at Breezes and boy are we sorry. We loved the all inclusive idea as we have vacationed at others in the Caribbean. We got violently ill on the third day of our trip and had to fly home two days early....did I mention this was our honeymoon????In addition, the air conditioning was not working throughout the entire resort, so as we tried to break our terrible high fevers we used wet towels to try and stay cool since the room was at least 90 degrees. We were very careful with what we ate while there since we had heard so many horror stories. We only drank bottled water, avoided anything washed with the water (lettuce, etc) and stuck with mostly starchy foods to try and prevent getting sick. We were sick for an entire month after returning home and fought with Breezes for months to try and get some money back. The best advice I can give anyone that's even considering going to this resort (you are crazy to go here, but if you are, read on)..make sure you have travel insurance. That way if you do become ill..sometimes it will be partially covered. That was our saving grace...but still only got about 1/4 of our money back and lost a honeymoon which can never be replaced. Yes, we can take other trips, but it won't be our official honeymoon. DO NOT GO TO THIS RESORT....PLEASE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Jun 5, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Vacation Disaster at Breezes in Punta Cana My boyfriend and I stayed at Breezes in Punta Cana from May 20th thru the 26th and were very disappointed. This resort is in desperate need of new management to say the least. Some of the problems we encountered were:* Very difficult to get simple toiletries such as towels, wash cloths and  soap replaced without many calls. * Did not restock fridge with soda and water or coffee and creamer without multiple calls.* Sheets and pillow cases were not changed prior to our arrival which  which was very apparent. Had to leave multiple notes before finally changed.* Resort was infested with tiny bugs and flies. You'll get eaten alive.  The flies are all over the food as well. Speaking of food ........... * The food was terrible. I was sick for two days with vomiting and  diarrhea. The food sits outside in the heat for a while before and after  it's cooked and glasses at the bars are only rinsed not washed. You  don't have to be a rocket scientist to know this is very unhealthy. * VIP Breezes personnel hounded guests to join the VIP Breezes Club which supposedly offers discounts at Breezes Resorts. They harass and annoy you until you sign up. Very unprofessional. Don't make an appointment just to get them off your back and not show because they'll call your room and when they see you (yes, they remember who you are) will demand an explanation as to why you didn't show.* We were told only allowed 1 free non-motorized watersport rental (such as a boogie board) for 1 hour your whole stay. After that  you had to pay. I can understand paying for extras such as parasailing or renting motorized boats, but boogie boards!* If you make reservations to go snorkeling or on any excursions they  have you must make reservations a day or two in advance and pay up front. If you have to cancel you don't get your money back. * The travel agents and brochures will tell you it's not necessary to tip,  but believe me, you won't get any service unless you do. I'm not saying all the Breezes Resorts are crappy, but this one sure was!If you've got your heart set on going to Punta Cana......pick somewhereelse to stay!  
<Date>Jun 2, 2005
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place during the day boring at night Me and my boyfriend are 21 yrs old and stayed at Breezes from May 21st to May 27th. At the airport we were given a slip to meet a guy Emmanuel the next day at 10AM in the lobby to setup everything for the week and for our transportation back to the airport on the 27th. Needless to say we went to the lobby the next day and he was not there and no one knew of him. So we arranged all out sports through the hotels watersports hut on the beach. The 6 days i was there they were unable to get 8 people out of this huge resort to go snorkeling so we could not do that at all. By the 3rd day we understood the whole reservations for dinner system that they have there which obviously an idiot setup. He waited in like from 5:30 til 6:15 to get to the front of the Italian restaurant and be told that they were now booked for the night. We got to eat in a restaurant once the entire time we were there. We ate at the Paris restaurant which was very good but our reservations were for 8 and we didnt get seated until 8:30. The pool and beach were great. The food at the buffet at Alcazar is the same everynight but they call it something different. Bow tie noodles in white sauce had 3 different names when i was there. The rooms were nice. You couldn't turn the air down to much because the floor would be soaking went from condensation. Most of the time the drinks in the mini refrig were frozen but that was not a big deal. If you can't stand to see flies all over your food then you shouldn't go here. We did the ATV tour which was awesome...we loved it. We also did horseback riding on the beach for sunset. I had a crazy horse so i was pretty scared the entire time. The walk on the beach was to a public beach which was disgusting. There was trash everywhere. The hotel gives you a free banana boat ride which is less than 10 minutes but do it because its free. We also did the speed boats which i thought was scarey because they ride them in such shallow water close to where people are kayaking, snorkeling, and swimming. The workers were good. They are there working all day. Julio was very funny and entertaining. The casino was small but we won over 200 hundred dollars at the roulette table. We felt that after the shows everynight they was not much to do. Overall, the hotel is a nice place; however i would not go back. Its definitely not for our age group. I did not get sick which was great. Whoever does go on this vacation bring lots of lotion we burned through 48 and do lots of days trips otherwise you will feel trapped!!  
<Date>May 31, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very disappointed I spent 5 days of our week long vacation looking after my son (3 days in hospital there) who had contracted a very bad case of food poisoning. Which was confirmed through tests we had done immediately upon arrival home. Where did he get sick???I'll give one guess Breezes in Punta Cana. If only I could let loose with profanity on this, I would! Have we gotten any response back from the resort or the travel agent? umm let me check....... NOPE not yet. oh ya! the resort, well lets see,1. The first and last time I went down to the dance club it smelled like a sewer. Yep not going back there!2. ummmm Buffet with an ocean view.... I didnt know they trained the wild birds to eat there too and does'nt that uncooked chicken baking under a hot sun look inviting . Yep not going back there!3. I'll have one of those handwashed glasses that they gave a quick wipe using the cloth and bucket tucked discreetly under the counter eeeek!!! Yep not going back there!4. 4 star they say! hmmph!! Yep not going back there!5. Casino hahahahahahahahahaha Yep not going back there!6. ZZZZzzzzzZZZzzz oh me? yes can I have a rum and coke in a PLASTIC take out cup.7. at the counter when they tell you to come back in 30 minutes it gives them time to tell the other people to come back in 30.8. grab that poolside chair they'll be all taken before you know it. Those are just a few things they need to address, but if you are thinking of a destination spot I would not recommend going here, I met a lot of people who had gotten sick there and where forced to spend days in thier room. There are other destinations you can go and spend your hard earned money and have a great time, but for my family it was a nightmare. YEP!!, never going back there!!  
<Date>May 31, 2005
<Rating>1	1	3	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Mel/Bri
<Content>Great but needs work My wife to be and I went to Breezes in mid April. I can't say enough about the job the wedding cord. did to make sure everything was fabulous. If you are thinking about having a wedding anywhere in the D.R. I would recommend Breezes.  Checking in was a mess!!! The front desk knew we were down there to get married and tried to give us a garden view room w/ double beds. Once my wife complained a little they told her that there were no king size beds available. Then once money came into the picture all of the sudden there was a king size bed with a view of the pool and ocean available! I'm sorry, I'm here for my wedding!!! Needless to say management heard about this but turned a deaf ear. I got the great room after putting up a big fight and I never paid the extra money. I think they still might be waiting for it though. The entertainment is what it is: If you want to enjoy yourself and hang out you can have a good time.  The Dinner set-up is an absolute joke!!!! Why should you have to wait in line for 2 hours to get a dinner resz. for 9:00 that night? There are so many other things you could be doing then doing that every night. Horrible!!!!! Bartenders: Give and take, if you are a good looking woman, no-problem, if not..watch out. They say tipping is not allowed but they appreciate it. Our first day at the pool bar I tipped the bartender $20 and told him I would see him the rest of the week that I was there. The next day he acted as if he had no clue as to who I was. But the 7 guys who sat on the bar stools all day long and didn't get up once to use the toilet were his best buddies. Perhaps that is why people were sick all over the resort. I personally got sick for 30 hours, that was the day I spent in the pool w/ naked babied and drunken men that didn't leave there spots. The inside bartenders are miserable at best. Unless you find a good one, I was there for 7 nights and only found 1.  Grounds: Imaculatte, beach is fantastic. If I could do it again I would have stayed out of the pool and stayed in the ocean, even though the sun is melting on you the whole time. Bring tons of sun-screen, it is really expensive in the resort and we went through it like water. The sun is really hot and powerful.  Closing: Just don't fall into the trap that they try to give you. They can give you more and this is your vacation at an all-inclusive resort. We paid a decent amount of money for this trip and once we arrived they wanted more money on top.  Our wedding stole our hearts, if not for that, I would have serious issues with this reort.  
<Date>May 31, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>catgirl1011
<Content>Beautiful weather... sick tummies               More photos  
<Date>May 30, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>loanlady
<Content>Loved it, don't pay attention to the negativity. We returned last night from Breezes and had a wonderful time. I will admit that I was very leery about going there after reading the most recent months reviews, to the point that I almost cancelled our trip at the last minute. But, I am here to tell you that I never saw people in ambulances, on iv's, in wheelchairs, getting mugged, etc. It was a great vacation.Check-in and room: We arrived late due to storms in San Juan where we had our connecting flight. They tried to give me a ground floor room, but I told them that this was not acceptable that I wanted one that was on another floor. They gave me room 7322 without any question. It was perfect, we had a beautiful garden view with a partial view of the ocean. People were getting married outside our building (that's how pretty it is). The room was clean, always done before 3:00 p.m. We had plenty of water and diet soda (date was not expired) in our refrigerator. I always left a $2. tip for the housekeeper and we had great service (including face cloths!)Food: Great, what more can I say? Breakfast had everything from cereal, oatmeal, bacon and sausages, french toast and pancakes and tons of fruit and more. We ate at the French, Italian and Japanese restaurants and had wonderful experiences at all 3. Our favorite was the French. Lunch we ate at El Marlin's and yes, there wasn't a change from day to day, but you can always go to the buffet if you wanted. We just chose to eat outside as we were at the beach all day. The buffet had a different theme each evening and the few we ate at were fine. My husband got sick one day and took Immodium and was fine. I personally think it was the different foods, drink and sun combined. He did eat the fish at the grill and I think it may have disagreed with him. Me, I was fine.Service: The staff at this hotel was wonderful. I NEVER encountered anyone who was rude of disrespectful. They went out of their way to say hola or buenos dias, etc. When we were at any of the restaurants (including beach grill and buffet) our water and wine glasses were always full, our dirty plates and silverware removed immediately. The bartenders did get a little bit behind sometimes, but they are only human. I tipped the bartenders $1 whenever we got a few drinks and they were very appreciative. It even got so that they knew what I wanted when they saw me there and always gave me a big smile. We were told by the tour representative that we booked through that the average wage is $150 per MONTH! You can imagine how much a few extra dollars in tips will go to help these wonderful people. You give what you get!The Resort: I found it to be a great layout. The furthest point from our room was probably a 3 minute walk, including going downstairs. Big deal. We went through a few other resorts with the bus and they were so large that shuttles were used to get you back and forth to your room. I would not like that. This was perfectly situated in my opinion. There were always maintainence workers cleaning, fixing, etc. I cannot believe how long and hard these people work!The Pool: Gorgeous. I have never seen such a beautiful pool. I didn't go in it though, I am a beach person and would prefer the sea. Also, there were a ton of people at the pool bar who were there quite sometime. All I could think of was something I had read about people marking their spots. I just think that is pretty disgusting, but then again, I love the sea. Also, the water in the pool was too hot for me.The Beach: Beautiful. We walked both ways and saw some people who were horseback riding. I never felt that I was unsafe at all. I heard some rumors of muggings, but never met anyone who was and I felt fine there. I would not walk on the beach at night, but I would do that anywhere. The sea was a little rough, but I love to just ride the waves. To me it was perfect.Weather: Excellent. We had rain one afternoon and a storm that woke me one night. Other than that, hot and humid. When we had the rainy afternoon we just sat under the bar and had a few more drinks!Casino: Stunk. I didn't like it at all. Too dark and not enough variety. That way I saved some money! Did play blackjack for a while. If you do this, keep an eye on them. I don't think that the dealers are that well trained and found them trying to take my money when it was a push. I always watch for that anywhere I go to a casino. No big deal, just watch out for it. Not many people in the casino at all.As for the restaurant reservation system, it is a little strange, but I found it a great way to meet people. I went and made reservations for the Italian, French (2 times) and Japanese restaurants and just brought a book to pass the time.. Out of the 4 times I went, I only read once, as I sat and talked to people the other 3 times. Got to meet some interesting people doing this. You know the old saying, if given lemons, make lemonade, well I did.We had a great time and will definitely go back again. I would recommend this resort to anyone.  
<Date>May 30, 2005
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>would never go back As a family of 4, 2 children 8 and 10, we travel every year to Club Med, we have always loved our vacations, we thought we would try something different, what a mistake!I would not recommend this resort to any one who has travelled before.The pool was really really slimmy and dirty. The beach is beautiful and I would recommend you stay in that water, do not go into the pool! The children are still full of rashes from the first day in the pool.The food is kind of just blah, nothing exceptional, didn't really bother us because we don't go on vacations for the food anyway.Be careful though, my 10 year old was sick for three days and was room bound.The shows suck big time.The staff is sick of us vacationers and it really shows, I must say though that the mini club people are really good with the kids, kinda loosey goosey so if you put the kids into the mini club, make a habit of checking on them every once in a while.The rooms are rooms, nothing special, air conditioning worked so that was good, the maid was fantastic.Would never go back to a breezes resort, ever. I would for sure pay the extra money and go back to Club Med! First time ever we are so glad to be home.  
<Date>May 30, 2005
<Rating>1	3	3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Do Not take Bad reviews Lightly like we did...SICK and DISAPOINTED Many pros and cons to the resort. We are a yonug/mid twenties couple who have travelled alot in the past and are not very picky people. All we expect is some decent food, beautiful beach/pool and friendly service. Out of the 3 above only ONE met our expectations.FOOD: After eating breakfast and lunch ONCE I couldnt stomach it anymore, I went starving every morning and afternoon because of such TERRIBLE FOOD. Myself and about 15 others all were on the toilet after every meal!A LA CARTE REST. are great...be sure to get there early as the lines (and method) for booking are rediculous, but the food is very nice.ROOMS: The rooms smelt, our bathroom was overpowered with the smell of our above and below neighbours business evertime they used the bathrooms the smell of poop overpowerd our suite.If you ARE NOT satying in a luxory suite, dont bother because all the rest are unbarable. The tiles on the walls fell off frequently, one time which almost knocked me in the head while on the toilet.POOL: Infested, pool water is green with algie...too say the least I GOT AN INFECTION after swimming in the pool, itching and burning while trying to enjoy the rest of my vacation.LOOKS BEAUTIFUL BUT BEWARE!BEACH: GORGEOUS!!!! A++++SERVICE (bars and disco): AWFUL, slow, lazy, rude people. Often ignored!ENTERTAINMENT: Nightlife (disco and casino and shows) ONE OF THE BETTER of all the resorts I have been to. Looking for a party, here it is. Lots of people (young and older) to party with. Entertainment staff are GREAT (some of the only ones who are nice and helpful)CASINO: BEWARE of the KENO GAME!!!!!!!!! MANY poeple lost more than 5000.00 there at that game. YOULL NEVER REACH 100POINTS! That's all I'll say!Water activities: EXCELLENT GREAT FOR KIDS TOO SPA: BEAUTIFULFOR KIDS: GREAT!!!!FOR YOUNG PPL.: GREATLooking for something inexpensive for nightlife and the beach A+Looking for something romantic, clean, and hospitable: F-  
<Date>May 26, 2005
<Rating>2	3	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pretty good...probably wouldn't go back My friend and I stayed at the Breezes Resort 05/15-05/22, and we had an OK time. I do not recommend this resort for singles, unless traveling with a big group. As two single college girls, we found it somewhat boring being surrounded by couples and families with small children. And the disco was terrible. I wasn't too keen on the idea of eating any meat there, so that definitly limited my food options. Getting reservations for a retaaurant was a pain, so we mainly stuck with the buffet. Overall, the buffet was pretty boring, with the same things everyday. I ate very little, so the fact that it was all-inclusive didn't mean much. I found the staff to be incredibly nice. All of the bartenders were extremely upbeat. All the women seemed to take a liking to Ramon, a bartender at the swim-up bar who was very handsome. Judging from other peoples reviews, we definitly lucked out with our room. Room 4407 had an amazing few of the pool and ocean. It had a slight musty smell due to the humidity but we didn;t mind. Our maid was very friendly and accomodating. The beds were hard, but most hotels are anyways. I didn't experience any stomach issues while on vacation, however since I've returned my stomach has been bothering me. I haven't gone to the doctors to see the cause, however, so I can't necessarily blame it on the hotel. I advise learning some key spanish words, because the staff tends to know little english. As long as you know the basics, you'll be able to communicate with the staff enough to get what you want. However, if you plan on holding a conversation, you will need to know more. I have never been to the Dominican Republic before, nor have I been to an all-inclusive resort so I don't have much to compare it too, but I would say overall the hotel was OK. Not much for single college students to do, but it is very relaxing. I don't think I would stay there again. Well...maybe for Ramon. =)  
<Date>May 25, 2005
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't worry, it's not that bad My girlfriend and I stayed at Breezes Punta Cana from May 16- May 23 2005. I read almost every review on this website before we left, of course, some were more accurate than others. I talked to a number of guest during our stay at Breezes and none of them were having the nightmare vacations expressed in many of the reviews. However, the service at Breezes is not very good.Of course, I would get upset with the service, then I would have to temper my disappointment and remember that I was in the Dominican Republic, and it's a completely different culture. They are certainly not highly motivated to provide great customer service. Things move slower there and when approaching the bar, asking for a snorkel and fins, or trying to exchange money, it's important to remember that. My bottom line is the same as in many reviews, the pool was great, beach was great, water was nice (not great) - walk down the beach to the right and the water is much calmer. Food is mediocre, but plentiful. I enjoyed my time at Breezes Punta Cana, I will not be returning. If you are going, don't fret, it's not bad, but it isn't likely to be the best customer service you have ever experienced. I booked my trip via skyauction. Price was the determinative factor in our decision to go to Breezes Punta Cana. The price for our vacation was very low, but we also got what we paid for.Accordingly, if you have already paid and are going to Breezes for sure, don't worry, it's not the nightmare some people paint it to be. If you are reading reviews to determine where to go, and can afford to pay more, pay more and go to a better resort.  
<Date>May 24, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>STLTraveler2006
<Content>Breezes Punta Cana - The Good and The Bad My husband and I just returned from Breezes Punta Cana after a one week stay (May 14 - May 21). Overall we had a great time, yet there are certainly things that could have been better. Upon arrival at the hotel, we checked in with ease. Our room was ready and waiting for us, and appeared very clean. The bellboy brought our luggage to our room, but would not leave our room until he was given a tip. The television in the room was horrible, as the satellite would constantly malfunction. This was not too much of a problem as we didn't go on vacation to sit in a hotel room and watch tv. The light in the closet would not turn off and was never fixed despite numerous calls to guest services. Additionally, the lock on our sliding glass door was rusted and would not lock properly. As we were on the ground floor this was a little concerning to me. (Especially since numerous couples were mugged on the beach during our stay - not to mention in broad daylight!!.) The beach and the pool were great, and we had no problems finding chairs our umbrellas to sit under. The bartenders at all of the bars were quite friendly, and we were always served promptly with a smile. We ate at most of the restaurants and found the French one to be our favorite. The dress codes at these restaurants did not appear to be enforced, so don't worry too much about getting all dolled up for the evening. We got a couple's massage at the hotel spa which was quite nice and reasonably priced. The receptionist at the spa was not very helpful so make sure to book appointments in the evening, when there is a male receptionist. He was great and very nice. The worst part of our trip had to be the excursion that we took with Jurassic Safari. I don't recommend this excursion to anyone. Beware of the individuals that book the excursions - we were told that we could book our reservations at the start of our stay and if later in the week we decided that we did not want to go, our money would be refunded - no question's asked. That was completely untrue and we were refunded only 75% of the excursion price after we decided to cancel one of our trips due to the nonstop rain. These individuals were as helpful as could be when you were booking the trips, but as soon as they had your money they could care less about you.  
<Date>May 23, 2005
<Rating>4	4	2	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved The Chicken Song We stayed at Breezes from the 14th of May to the 21rst. I was unaware that this was the rainy season! The hotel overall was extremely nice. The food good, but not excellent. The other restaurants were also good. The staff in general were very nice and always smiled and tried to help you. One of the problems we ran into was that not all spoke english. Our roomalthough we did not spend much time in it was average. The water faucet was broken and the shower head did not work properly. As a matter of fact it just dribbled. My daughters room was mold smelling. Even though the air conditioning was constantly on. I found the sheets to be like sand paper. The rooms were not cleaned until at least 8:30 at night and that only due to the fact I had to go to the front desk every night to ask them to have them clean the room. We always had to get extra bottles of water from the bar because they never left extra in the fridge. Even though I did sign the paper. I did see huge bugs and one was even on my jacket one night. But it is the tropics and one should except these things. I found that when the rains came the floors in the hallways and the lobby were extremely slippery and all they did was put a sign to warn you. My husband almost fell several times. We did see a women who fell and injured herself. The nightlife was great for the girls, but not for the older generation I felt there should be another nightclub for the older folks. I did not want to hover around my 20 year olds at the disco. I would have liked to enjoy myself as well. Other then those few small problems. We had a great time. The sun finally came out and we came home looking like lobsters. If I were to return to Punta Cana I would not go back to Breezes.  
<Date>May 23, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lola72
<Content>Married at Breezes Punta Cana We returned from our stay at Breezes Punta Cana last night. We stayed from May 15-22. We were married on the beach on May 18. We read many reviews before going to Breezes Punta Cana. I am happy to say that we had a wonderful time, and our wedding was more than I expected. I will try to keep this review brief, but accurate.Dining: Get to the restaurant where you want to eat dinner at 6pm and either be ready to eat then, or tell them what time you want to eat. Men need to wear long pants, no shorts! We ate at most of the restaurants, for dinner, the only one we didn't get to was the El Marlin, by the pool. Our favorite was the Japanese (Munahana) and the French (Paris). The food is good. I am a picky eater at times, but I always found something to eat at the restaurants. Most offered choices of fish, chicken or beef. The service at the restaurants was better than we find here at home in the US. The waiters go out of their way to make sure you have what you desire. The waiters are very skilled and seem to enjoy what they are doing. I will say that we are not used to eating 4 course meals, and at the restaurants you will get a 4 course meal. Salad, Soup, Entree and Dessert. The wine choices in the restaurant are either Red or White, no variation, but you will never have an empty glass either, they refill them before they are empty! For lunch and breakfast we ate at the buffets. Food is available all the time. I personally had a hard time eating a lot, it was very humid and hot. Tipping: We didn't tip bartenders. We left a couple dollars a couple times for the women who cleaned our room. Overall, I don't think tipping gets you anything extra. We tipped because our room was kept clean, we never had to ask for towels or extra water for the fridge. The staff does work hard and they deserve a little something, but they don't expect it. They also don't ask for it. Drinking: The bars have bottled water and you will need it! So don't forget to ask for it. Drinks were plentiful, and powerful for the most part. There was one evening when it seemed like the lobby bar couldn't make a good drink. You can't go wrong with a rum and Pepsi, no Coke. Some were strong, but if you weren't happy, just go back and get another one! No problem!Weather: May is a rainy season in the Dominican. We had some rain, in our first 2 days. I was worried that we wouldn't have our beach wedding, but we did and it was amazing. The weather most days was partly cloudy, with some showers. Some showers were downpours, that didn't last too long. It was always warm and humid. During the showers you either sit and wait it out or take cover under the bar. We did see sun, and when it comes out it gets hot! I was happy to have a little cloudy weather. We swam and sat out every day. It was beautiful. You still need sunscreen, so bring plenty! At least SPF 15.Pool: The pool seemed clean to me at all times. It was refreshing and cool and beautiful. There are different depths to the pool. I am 5' 8 tall and there was a section where it was over my head. It really is good for all ages though. Kids and adults. I will warn you though, the tiles around the pool get VERY slippery when wet. So wear shoes or be real careful, even if you walk slowly they are still slippery. Restrooms: I read a review once where someone mentioned the lack of restrooms, this is simply not true. There are plenty of restrooms. By the pool the restroom is in the El Marlin. In the lobby there are restrooms. There are restrooms near the trapeze and rock climbing wall. I know that we were there during an off peak season, and the resort was not nearly at full capacity, so maybe there would be lines during a busy season, but we didn't run into any lines anywhere. Resort: The resort is gorgeous and big. The resort is clean, and it seemed that they were always tidying up. It takes a lot to maintain a resort of this size and they do a great job. The staff are friendly and want you to be happy. I don't speak Spanish, and some of the staff don't speak English, but if you are patient you can figure each other out. Remember you are on vacation, so relax and enjoy..and you'll have a good time. Also, they are always washing the tile floors by the rooms, and they get very slippery also, so be cautious! Illness: Our group was 14 people, 11 of us got sick to some degree. None of us needed medical assistance. None of us were bedridden for any length of time. I don't know the cause of the illness, because we all ate at different restaurants and drank different drinks. I think that everyone is different, and reacts differently to new surroundings, so pay attention to your body and do what it takes to make it happy. Drink lots of bottled water...it will help, I think. Don't drink the tap water, don't brush your teeth with tap water, be careful in the shower, don't forget and drink a mouthful. The TNT rep told us on the bus not to drink the tap water, and there was a sticker on the mirror in our room reminding us. Rooms: We stayed in the Luxury Suite room 7313. We had 3 balconies, 2 full bathrooms, a living room, a small kitchen area and a bedroom. Our room was very nice. We fell asleep each night listening to the waves crash on the beach. We hardly used anything but the bedroom. I know that one of the couples we were with had a hard time with their room, losing water and use of toilet, several times. Overall the rooms were nice.Beach: Waves were lots of fun to play in, the water was beautiful. Beach was kept very clean. It seemed that we were always able to get beach chairs or a hut. There were fish in the ocean, but nothing that would bother you, they just swim by, doing their own thing. Wedding: It was so easy. I had emailed with Melanie beforehand and faxed her the paperwork we had translated, and all was fine. Once we got to the resort we had one meeting with her to choose the restaurant for our wedding dinner, location of wedding, and flowers. On the day of the wedding she called 45 minutes before the wedding time to bring my flowers to my room. Then we had a brief issue, the judge had car problems, but they were quickly resolved and our wedding went as planned, a few minutes later than scheduled, but it was wonderful. We had our beach wedding. My Dad walked me down the aisle. I was also accompanied by the Dominican Trio while walking. The ceremony was quick, less than 10 minutes, I don't know if it was even 5 minutes! It was exactly what we wanted, and it was special, very special. The photographer did an awesome job! We got our pictures back the next day. He took pictures on the beach, he didn't come to my room while I got ready, so have friends onhand if you want getting ready photos. We had our wedding dinner in the Paris restaurant, so there was no room to dance. We went to the disco later on, and my friend Joanne had brought a Frank Sinatra CD and the DJ had no problem letting us dance to the CD. Excellent experience.Overall: We would return to Breezes Punta Cana. We had a wonderful vacation. It went by very quickly though! Remember you are in a different environment and your body needs to adjust, so if you don't drink a lot at home, don't overdo it in the Dominican, or you will get sick. Common sense. I hope this review is helpful. Feel free to email me if you have questions.  
<Date>May 23, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>NIGHTMARE AT BREEZERS,PUNTA CANA Our nightmare started as soon as we reached the breezes hotel ,the recpition were unhappy,unhelpful and not very friendly.We ask how much it would be for a dominican friend to stay with us at the hotel and were told $53 dollars a night then when our friend arrived it went to $63 dollarswithin a few minutes a manager came over and changed this to $93 dollars a nightwith no explernation only that the over people didnt know what there were doing.Then things just got worse with in 24hrs my husband came down with a serious case of diarria and sickness,stomach cramps and painfull eyes and headache these were treated by the local doctor for the fee of $133 dollars,he was amitted to hospital at the medical centre after 5 day with a high blood pressure of 200/115 and then sent back to the hotel by a local taxi where he remaned in his room feeling very unwell and is still recieving treatment even after we are home.I learnt that the sickness and diarria wasnt an isolated case and that many people had got it, often being admitted to hospital or on drips in there rooms.All this was brought to the managers attention by other guests with little or no responce .other guest were being moved from room to room due to leakin roofs ,instect infestations, broken doors and locks.the barstaff were very unhelpfull if you asked for a drink you were often ignored ,entertaintment was very shabie ,unorganised .we have been to dominican republic many times and have never experienced anything quite like this hotel we were discusted,i would advise people not to travel to this hotel if you value your health.we have vidio eveidence of the cockroches in hallways and coming out of lift shafts.  
<Date>May 21, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>tanyas
<Content>Wonderfully relaxing vacation!! After reading all of the trip advisors reviews of Breezes (punta cana) I was not at all looking forward to vacation. In fact I was actually dreading it!We had a wonderful time!The rooms were fine- we always had hot water, the maid service was great,and the air conditioner worked perfectly. Someone had written a review and mentioned the sheets were old- problem easily solved by bringing your own. Loved the view of the pool and ocean!The water is beautiful!!! If you love to just walk on the beach this is the perfect vacation spot!All of the people that worked at the resort were very courteousand always helpful. Not at any point did we have any problems with language Barriers.If you are stressing about the resort-stop! Vacation is what you make of it-relax and enjoy!  
<Date>May 21, 2005
<Rating>3	5	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Vacation We stayed at Breezes 5/5-5/13. My husband and I were also very leary of the reviews we had read prior to taking our vacation. This was an important vacation for us, being our 15 year anniversary and did not want to regret staying at the wrong hotel. We took a chance and found all the negative reviews to be very untrue, or the individuals with the bad review were extremely picky.We have been to several destinations in the Caribbean and typically stay at Club Med's or comparable hotels. We found the hotel to be very nice and all the staff (with the exception of the front desk) to be extremely polite and accomodating. We were given a nice room (after a tip) on the lower level with a pool view away from the Amphitheatre. If you receive a room around the amphitheatre or above the main buffet you may find a room change is necessary. This is the only complaint we heard from others during the trip. The only complaint I had was the pillows in the room smelled odd and it bothered me every night we went to bed. The rooms were a bit musty smelling, which I believe was due to the humidity. Other than that we found the rooms to be cleaned everyday and anytime we requested additional beverages/water for the room they were received by the next day when the room was cleaned.Food, well it was just that food. My husband is not a picky eater so pretty much tried and ate a little bit of everything. I am a bit pickier but still found food to eat so I wouldn't starve. You may just have to take an additional trip to the grill which we did on many occasions. The grill had awesome pizza and wings. The meat all tasted a bit odd to me so I tried not to eat much of it. My husband also agreed when it came to the bacon, and ham. My favorite ala carte was the Italian, we ate there twice. The lasagna was awesome. My husband really enjoyed all the seafood meals at each restaurant, but like I said he's not picky. The Japanese was also awesome, but they did not do all the elaborate tricks you see back home. Beware, the one thing everyone has been right about is the waits to get into the ala carte's. If you get in line at 5:00 and you're already dressed, you will get in at 6p.m. If you get there at 5:30 and dressed to eat at 6 you will probably also get in. We even found people that walked up at 6p.m. right as people were going in were also pulled to eat at 6 since they were ready. Don't count on it always, we found several upset people who did not want to wait in line and showed up at 5:55 (still had to get at the back of the line) and were not allowed in at 6:00 because there were many more people waiting to get in at the same time and they were also not able to get in for a later time. We found many people there prior to 5p.m. waiting and the biggest reason was they were booking for over 15 people. Because each restraurant only allow anywhere from 20-30 people at each reservation time, many people were unable to get a reservation if one of these people were at the front of the line. We found this process to be very unfair to others even though it did not affect us directly. One individual booked an entire time slot with his group of 24 people at 7:30 and noone else was able to reserve on that time. You will find many people at the resort unhappy about this process.The beaches were beautiful. If you happen to walk down to the flea market, which can be found if you go to the beach and head right for about 45min to an hour. it is definetly a walk, be prepared. Do not offer full price for anything at the flea market or the vendors that come to the hotel. We got everything for a third of the cost. If they want to much walk away and be very firm on what you will offer.We did the Jurassic Safari excursion which is similiar to bavarro runners and found it to be the best day of our trip. Our guides were funny and kept the entertainment going throughout the trip. Your agent in the hotel will probably deter you from the Jurassic Safari if they are signed up to deal with Bavarro Runners, tell them you would prefer the other. After talking with another couple who took the bavarro runners excursion the same day we took ours they said they made a mistake and should of taken ours. We also did Saona Island, it's beautiful, but we would not have taken the trip if it were represented correctly. The bus ride was 2 1/2 hrs there and 2 1/2 hrs back (we were the first to be picked up). We could think of better things to do then spend 5 hrs on a bus. Because we picked up individuals who did not think our time was as important as theirs we found ourselves waiting at every hotel while our bus guide looked for these people. By the time we got to the destination we were too late to take the catamaren and were forced to take the speed boats over. All in all it was ok, if it were not for the beauty of the island we would have much rather stayed at the hotel.Other than the few things above we had a wonderful time and did not find too many unhappy or sick guests. Word to the wise, wear bug spray even if you feel you are not getting bit. I came home with about 50 bites of some sort on the backs of my arms and the lower half of my legs. We took malaria medicine so I'm not so concerned, but it has not been pleasant getting through the itching and infection stage. My husband by the way had one bite. For those that said there are no mosquitoes at the resort, well they lied. We had several in our room. Beware.  
<Date>May 19, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>divot69
<Content>Beware - Stomach/Bowel Problems We just returned from a week's vacation at this SuperClubs resort. It is not the best nor the worst we have stayed at. However, it is the only time we have been very ill from a vacation. One review I read stated that they do not wash the glasses at the bar area, which is true, we would ask for disposable glasses when possible. Out of 46 people in our party all have had a problem and half of these are still having trouble 2 weeks after our return. Several are on antibiotics for a bacterial infection.We found the food tolerable but not great. The Mexican and Japense seem to have the best. The pool and swim up bar are nice, but not nearly big enough for the size of the complex. On our last day we noticed that they were taking particular attention to cleaning the pool (as they hadn't all week), and then it became apparent why, the government inspectors were on site checking the water. There was something about the water in the pool they were not happy with and were on the phone.The beach is great, but watch for the strong waves and undertow, it can be dangerous. There is alot of palapas, so you can make yourself comfortable in the shade or drag your chair out in the sun. There is only one bar servicing the beach (or within close proximity of the beach), and the service is very slow.If you want a quiet, romantic vacation with no kids this is definitely not the place to be. This hotel by even the farthest stretch of the imagination is not a 4*, barely a 3*. We tipped very generously to the staff, and found them to be extremely appreciative. The room cleaning staff, were far from perfect and we had to chase after them for towels, etc. but everyday we had flowers or a swan made for us with a towel on our bed. We heard that the supervisor of the maids would hit all the rooms before the maid to get all the tips that were left, whether this was true of the entire complex, I do not know. The hotel is older and could do with a face lift.Watch out for the sales pitch of the VIP, they will hound you, think seriously before you sign anything.The weather was great, and it rained for all of 3 minutes.My husband and son played two rounds of golf at Punta Cana Golf Course, which is now called LaCana, near the airport. They loved it, and for the price was well worth it. So if your a golfer, take your clubs, you won't be sorry.My son and daughter-in-law, paid for 4 hours of deep sea fishing, and after 1 and half hours out, someone in the group of 6 wanted to go back in as he had an upset stomach. No one else in the group wanted to go back, but because the complainer could speak Spainish he convinced the Captain to turn around. They couldn't get their money back, as they took the trip on their second to last day, and when they got back to the hotel, the guy who sold them the trip wasn't there, and the next day (their last day) he wasn't there and no one else would give them their money back.We would not go back to this resort again. Only for the fact of the illness, and apparently the hotel is aware that people are getting sick, and no one seems to be doing anything about it.  
<Date>May 19, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>l1zeth20
<Content>May 12 - May 17 Breezes Punta Cana Well my family and I just got back from Breeze Punta Cana last night (5/17/05)... and i would return to this resort just to relax...this is not a party resort....One place to go and eat for dinner is the Dominican, Japanese, and Marlin.. the food was good..None of my family got sick from food....but don't drink the water unless its bottled....The VIP Club people are very annoying except for Jose, he is usually by the front desk.... if you want free stuff go and sit there for an hour or two...The whole deal of saving money is full of ----... the plan they wanted to sell me was for $10,000 for 25 weeks or $16,000 for 50 weeks and good from 25 years...also every week I used they would charge me $300 for maintance and if I go to an all-inclusive resort I would have to pay $149 for a beautiful suite and an extra $35 for food per person... this is not including the airfare...so lets do the math....$300 + $149 + $35= $484 per person for a week not including airfare....which if you go in high peak ur looking at $700-$900 around trip from NY.. When I only paid $800 per person every thing airfare included.... like i said if you want free stuff go and listen to what they have to say...Drinks: MamaJuana is Dominican shot, its make of plants and has rum and honey...very good.... Casa Blanca go to the sombrero and ask Jose C to make this drink I feel that he made the drink better than anyone else  Coco Loco are very good go to the bar by the Marlin Restaurant.... Presidente beer very light but good.....Rooms: Very humid and musty but clean...our cleaning lady Juana was very nice...we did ask her to change our sheets several time because the smell of mildew...but we did have a beautiful view of the ocean and pool (room # 7210 and 7202). Also, we did find that u can hear everything from the room next door....if you know what i mean.....Weather: the whole time i was there i rained except for a day....also just to let everyone that is planning to go to Breezes Punta Cana, they have a sunshine guarantee so if the sun doesn't come out go to the front desk and ask for a SUNSHNIE GUARANTEE voucher for a free night....ask ur travel agent for further information regarding this...Entertainment was ok.....Fernando and Jamaica entertainers were very funny...Disco was AWFULLL..... If any one has any question feel free to email me.....=-)  
<Date>May 18, 2005
<Rating>3	4	2	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>swtt98
<Content>Beautiful resort and friendly staff               More photos  
<Date>May 16, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>*Warning* Do not stay here Me and my wife were scheduled to stay here for 3 nights, but only stayed 1. As soon as we drove in we started our journey with disgruntled employees, we tried to unload our baggage in front of the hotel when a bellhop demanded me to move my car and park aprox. 1 city block away, because this area was not for loading/unloading. There was construction and men hauling wheel barrels all over the place. Next at check-in I asked if it was possible to get a room with 1 bed, I was told that the beds in the room are big enough for 2 and that if I wanted they could remove one bed out of the room, the front desk agent only gave a photocopy (barely legible) of the hotel map but never tried to explain or direct us to the main attractions of the hotel, from now on we were on our own in this huge hotel. The real nightmare started as soon as we walked into our room, I tried to take a nap and tried to get in bed, the sheets were dirty and stained w/ boot prints and what appeared to be blood, the floor was stained and sticky(it seems someone spilled a beverage and was never cleaned), they later explained to me that the stain on the sheet wasn't blood and that they'll correct it right away. At this point I left the hotel to find a room somewhere else, we came back later that night to eat, the main restaurant was very disorganized and the waiting staff very rude and disgruntled. I'm about to snap at this point, so I decide to go to my room and watch TV and cool down, I turn on the TV and it doesn't work, someone had yanked the cable off the wall plug, they fixed it 2 calls and an hour later. Next day we packed and tried to check but the front desk was telling me that I had a US$128 balance that had to be paid(although I had paid for 3 night and only stayed 1). The front desk person was very polite and tried to make it better but it was too late, he handed me the phone and said that someone wanted to speak to me, it was the desk manager, she wanted to know what when wrong-- thru the phone and not in person-- (one of the employees later told me she was in the office right behing the desk). We left to Riu Taino resort --excellent hotel--. Later that date my travel agent called me and issued me a refund. This hotel will be a great hotel in the right hands. The hotel needs to be updated-- it's stuck in the late 70's. For the amount of money you will pay here you'll be treated like royalty at any other hotel...P.S. the food and the beach are good  
<Date>May 15, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>T+L=TLQ
<Content>Just O.K., Would not return to this resort       nightly entertainment  
<Date>May 13, 2005
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Way Better than the Reviews I was really nervous about staying at this resort after reading so many negative reviews over the last 2 months. However, I must say that our trip was excellent. There were 7 of us total (6 adults and a 5 year old).First of all, the food at the buffets and the Mexican restaurant are not that great, but there is something to be found by all. The gourmet restuarants upstairs are the best. We ate at the Italian and French and the food was SO much better than the buffets.The beach was beautiful and we had no problem finding a hut even at 12 noon. You just have to walk a little. No big deal. The pool was great also and a refreshing break from the beach when you want. The service was excellent and the employees are very friendly. Tipping $1 a day for the maid and $1 per meal for your server or bus boy is not that big a deal but is so appreciated. Our daughter went to the kids' club for a couple hours. She liked it, but was more concerned with what we were doing and what she was missing. However, the kids club looked great. Clara, who works there, is great with kids and seems to work her butt off! The kids club activity schedule is posted by the pool and there are lots of activities going on.All in all, we all had a great time. The resort is beautiful and clean. our room was 7309 and had a great view of the pool and beach without much noise. We would definitely go back.  
<Date>May 12, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beware!!!! We read the poor reviews and thought to take them with a grain of salt and go to have a good time. We went to Breezes to celebrate our 5th anniversary and in a word it was a disaster! We were there April 24 - May 1. I know what happened to me is rare, but on the Wednesday of our trip I started feeling sick, so I spend the afternoon in our room, as the day went on I developed a high fever, diarrhea and then bleeding with the diarrhea, so I had to visit the resort's doctor. I was rushed to the hospital by ambluance and ended up staying there for two nights. VERY TERRIFYING!!!The rest of our vacation was a right off, as I still had to be close to a washrroom and even now that I have returned I am still recovering and under doctors care. The doctor in the DR and my own doctor informed me that I had a bacterial infection and a parasite, that was contacted by food that was not prepared properly by someone who did not was their hands propberly!!! That is disgusting! So there are obvious health and cleanliness issues that the resort needs to address, and here are my other observations: ROOMS: Our room #4119, was terrible, mustly smelling, paint pealing of the walls, bathroom ceiling cracks and tiles craking. We were told that the resort was filled to capacity, and nothing else was available. Maid service, is surface cleaining only. For the whole week we had dead roaches in the corner and behind the drapes, never swept up or cleaned. Never enough towels or toilet paper! FOOD: The food at the gourmet restaurants are great - if you can get in that is. We went down already to eat at the first setting 6pm, and sometimes even then we were turned away and told the restuarant was full for the evening, and when you looked in, the restaurant only half full! If the resort is full to capacity the restaurants should also be running to accomodate as many guests as possible. The Buffet is not great, nothing appealing and looked like yesterday's leftovers reheated. The bacon at breakfast is so crispy, it is like it was cooked last week. A real lack of variety, even lunch is pretty much the same thing ever day.BARS: The few drinks I had were excellent. But one very big concern, with my own eyes I saw that when there were no disposible cups or clean cups available, used ones were merely rinsed and given to the customers. What a turn off! And I am sure some sort of health code violation.BEACH: The beach was beautiful, the ocean the bluest I have ever seen. Fish swimming around your feet! But more could be done in the evening to prepare it for the next day. I know other guest make it dirty, but there were always straws and cigarette buts left. Other resorts I have been too, rake the beach to remove gargage etc. That would have been nice. People get up very early to reserve huts at beach, we just would go down and take what we could get. For the few days I was at the beach some huts were reserved and never used, sad how greedy other guest are.POOL: Good. But the towel service, the towels smelt awful. Like they have never been washed with soap, they smelt musty and dirty. This I am sure is a large breeding ground for bacteria and germs. Take your own towels for around the pool.There you have it, not the 4 star resort in my opinion that the travel books tell you it is, and my experience was a scary one. So if you go becareful!  
<Date>May 10, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>spot101
<Content>What we expected We just got back (May 8th) from a 1 week vacation with a group of 46.We were there for our daughter's wedding  it was a very good time.The hotel is very clean  quite large but take a tour  look at the map  you will have it down pat easily.We stayed in room 3408  I do warn you that if you like to go to bed before the show is over that you will feel that the show is right in the room with you. VERY loud there but others in our group were further down (buildings 4  5)  they said they were fine.Our room was kept clean  well stocked with toiletries,towels, water  soft drinks.We tried the buffet the first 2 nights  then decided to take turns waiting in line for reservations for the al la cartes. It was worth the waiting. Much better food  it's nice to be served.The beach is very large  there are lots of lounge chairs. If you really want a palapas to sit under I do recommend an early rise to reserve one.I prefer the sun.The ocean is fun but please be careful. The current can be strong  it took us down  under a few times  it completly throws you off.I had read many reviews  done my research on the internet about Breezes  felt it was what I was expecting.  
<Date>May 9, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We sure wouldn't go back to this resort. Right from the start when we all starting checking in there was problems. Some rooms were ready and others weren't and the ones that weren't had to wait more than a half an hour to get a key. When we did get to the room it still didn't look like it had been cleaned. In fact with all the red in the grout in the tiles on the floor we had to wonder if the last people were murdered and thats how they left. From reading other reviews on here we knew the supper routine so the first night decided on the buffet. Food is not bad but by this time we had gone to 2 different bars in the hotel to find they were not that friendly. The next morning we were woke up at 8 by the maid wanting to clean the room. We weren't ready to leave yet so she was back knocking on the door 10 minutes later. We left then so Tuesday we got up early so the maid could have the room. The wedding we were there for was Tuesday so we went back to the room at 3:45 to get ready. Not even 10 minutes later the maid was knocking on the door to clean the room and told us if we didn't get out right away she was done for the day so it wouldn't get done.I have stayed at other resorts so I was disappointed even in all the dead branches hanging from the palms that should have been removed. A swim in the ocean at 9 sounded good but we were quickly told to get out as the ocean is closed so we headed for the hot tub. There were 3, one with no water, one with lukewarm water and no jets and one with lukewarm water and only 4 out of 8 jets working and even they weren't working that good. We found the hotel to be poorly maintained. Food wasn't bad but of course all 40 ended up with some kind of stomach problems. We were also told not to leave the fence area of the resort for anything as people that have have had all theirr money and jewelry stolen which of course made us feel nervous enough to stay on it excet to a few trips to the flea market. I am glad I got to see a small part of the island but I would spend the next holiday somewhere else. The only people in our party that seemed to think the hotel as okay were the ones that this had been their first holiday to an all inclusive resort and had nothing to compare it to. All round a very disappointing holiday. The best part of the holiday was the people we had travelled with.  
<Date>May 9, 2005
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Times                More photos  
<Date>May 6, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>fuba13
<Content>We loved it!       lots of shade available for those who want it!  
<Date>May 5, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>redsmailbox
<Content>Diarrhea at Punta Cana BRING Diarrhea medicine and only the best. Many people were in the hospital and the hotel did not seem to even care. I was violently ill one evening and my son had to go to the hospital for one night... BRING an interpreter to the hospital from the hotel if you have to go.  
<Date>May 3, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place, despite others reviews We visited Breezes Punta Cana from April 14 - 28 and had a wonderful time. I would definately rate this hotel a 4star. We have travelled to many places in the Carribean and Mexico, the beach at this resort is the best you will see, its comparable to Barbados. We had no problems with the food, the a la carte restaurants are the best especially the Japanese, French, Italien and the Mexican. We met an awesome couple our first night from New Jersey, Mel and Brian who were married at the resort, hello out there, where are you, we would like to hear from you. As for the entertainment, it was pretty good, if your uptight, have a couple of drinks and it will seem a lot better. All in all the resort is a great place, lots of fun, sun, beach and drinks. Be sure to take lots of suntan lotion, we went through 4 bottles and ran out, if you have to buy some it costs $22US at the gift shop.  
<Date>May 2, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We will not be returning... I've gone to Ixtapa every year for vacation and this was my first time trying something different. My boyfriend and I didn't have the best time. D.R. is very poor. I have never seen such poor people not give a crap about their own country. I could not believe how much gargage there was from the airport to the hotel. D.R. is incredibly dirty. I will never forget how much garbage was in the ditch on every single highway we went down. I just don't understand how they can live like that...its just really sad. On a positive note, the pool, beach, and ocean were beautiful. And we were lucky to have a king size bed with a very nice pool side room. Overall, the hotel is a very nice place..especially at night when it's all lit up...I was very pleased with the hotels structure. We went on the Marinarium Excursion and that was FUN! You swim/snorkel with 8' sharks and large sting rays. It was great fun. And the bread is amazing! Try it...its the only thing I knew I couldn't get sick from. On a negative note, I got sick myself for 2 days. Its now been two weeks since our trip, and I'm still sick..not as bad...but still somewhat sick. The people at the Breezes were not very friendly to us, we never had good service the entire trip...except when we tipped the bartenders. It rained ALOT while we were there. Our snorkeling excursion was an Excusion from Hell. Not worth $100! I do NOT recommend this excursion to anyone! The worst part about our trip was on our second to the last day there, we found there was a small disco downstairs from the lobby, and we found all of the nice places to eat upstairs from the lobby. We had no idea about the Italian and Japanese places until our last night! Our room was closer to the beach, so we had no reason to go up or down any staircases. We thought the nice places to eat were the buffets. We never received a map of the hotel indicating where these places were.Barely anyone at the hotel spoke English--workers and guests! Everyone spoke European or Spanish, it was aweful. The Europeans were VERY rude then entire trip. I overheard one of them call a hotel worker a monkey boy. Not cool! We are definately not going back to the D.R., I'm sticking to Ixtapa where its clean and friendly!  
<Date>May 2, 2005
<Rating>1	3	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Overall GREAT!!! Over all we were pretty worried when we read the reviews before we left for vacation. Everything was wonderful except the food and water. Don't drink the water there. Stick to the bottle water even to brush your teeth. The food really lacked in some areas. The room we stayed at was wonderful, a view of the pool and ocean. The beach and ocean is so beautiful!!! Could not believe how pretty the water was. Just about all the staff that we ran into were so friendly. Remember to take some sunscreen. It's $21.00 in the resort store. My husband and I had a great time...don't know if we would return again or not. Oh yeah, the never ending drinks are great!!! The Itialian and the place and the pool at night are wonderful places to eat. Stay away from the Mexican resturant... NASTY!!  
<Date>May 1, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>roseolive
<Content>Very Ill We just returned also from this resort and I spent the whole week trying to get face clothes towels, even body soap everyone kept saying no problem 7 hours later. Our group of 35 went to disco and were very ill from the smell and walking by the lobby also sometimes very smelly. My husband woke many times during the nite to find being dripped on the rooms leaked and I am sure there is mold or some thing in the roof as my asthmas took a bad turn every nite in the room. The food was okay untill most of us got sick on the wed april 20 after a big rain storm tuuesday. Some of us are still ill as of now. I found unless you were knock out pretty you had to wait for ever for a drink. I did not find front desk any help at all. I am sorry to say I would never recommend this place we had mexican and had to get up and leave the table as we were all being bitten by sand fleas I am sorry I would not stand for that at home why pay for it away. Please find a better place to stay.I did have my hair and makeup done at the shop for the wedding we attended and they were great. So was my husband massage but for the food and service of the hotel Horrible.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not what it is supposed to be The ride to the hotel was overdue and we had to wait on the bus because some of the folks had their luggage lost and were going for a wedding.The food in the Italian restaurant was GREAT. The breakfast buffet was okay. Definately languge barrier. Never the right amount of towels and when requesting drinks for the refrigerator had to call every night. Complained to the hotel manager and we got seats at the restaurant without waiting in the long, dreaded lines. I definitely would not go back. Compared to a Sandals, this was far inferior. Too much money for so little.Not much outside the resort to do. No shopping and if you want to rest, it's great. But a lot of noise at night (all night) on the ocean side of the hotel.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>If you want to lose weight while on vacation, then Punta Cana's the place to go! A group of 12 of us just returned from a week at the Breezes Punta Cana. We had read many reviews before leaving and found them to be 50/50 so decided to wait and judge for ourselves. We have traveled together yearly (mostly on cruises) for quite some time. This was the first all inclusive we had done. By the end of the week we determined this was The Trip From Hell! Our trip was booked last June. When we arrived at the resort we found that the 12 of us were spread from building one through building seven. We spent a lot of time at the check-in desk trying to get us closer together, but as we discovered, the favorite saying of most of the people employed at the Breezes (for the few that could speak any English) is It's not possible. Our rooms ranged from suites to some having a room with two double beds. Some of the people in our party had daily maid service. Some of us had to call and request it and would maybe get it two or three days later. We had all taken little gifts for the maids and left those along with money as a thank you for cleaning our room and taking care of us. Some days the gifts and money remained where we left them. Some in our group had shower problems. One room would run out of water half way through their shower. Several of the rooms had leaky showers and toilets. These were reported but nothing was ever done about it. The sheets on our beds were so pilled that some of us actually got rashes from them. It rained quite a bit while we were there but we also had enough sun. When it rained hard, the hallways would flood as there are no windows in the outside of the resort. The night we were having dinner in Paris (the French Restaurant) the water came flooding into the hallway, into the restaurant and into the elevator. Needless to say, when we were done eating we did not take the elevator. One couple woke up at 3:00am to discover their bedroom floor flooded. When they called the front desk to inquire about it and asked where the water was coming from, the male at the desk said it's coming from the sky! Most of the nightly entertainment was held in an outside amphitheatre so when it rained there was no nightly show. We found the bartenders inside the resort to be very unfriendly but the bartenders in the pool bar and in the A la carte restaurants to be very friendly and accommodating.The food: As everyone else has stated, the whole reservation thing is a mess. Someone from our group stood in line for an hour (she was 5th in line) and when 6:00 came and they started taking reservations, she was told that the first opening would be 9:00. We later learned that some of the resort guests pay cash up front to be able to get reservations for the time they want. We ate at the Japanese restaurant where the cook and waiter were absolutely wonderful and made it very fun. However, whenever I have gone to a Japanese restaurant, you are served the food as it is cooked. At the resort, the chef cooked everything first and at the very end served it up with a lot of it being cold. The wine was endless. My personal favorite was the French restaurant. The meal was fantastic, wine never-ending and the waiters were wonderful. The Mexican Restaurant was great and we loved the atmosphere. However, the hostess was extremely rude and put a damper on the evening. By the time we ate at the Italian Restaurant our last night there, so many of us had been sick that everyone was just picking at their food. We found the daily buffet in the Alcazar to be quite boring - the same thing over and over. Not to mention you have flies and birds flying around while you are eating. Your best bet for breakfast is to have the made before you eyes omelet. The first night we arrived we ate at Marlins - by the pool. I made the mistake of ordering lobster and you do not order lobster elsewhere if you are from Maine. Two bites was enough me me. The people in our group that had steak said it was good but very thin and tough. The afternoon buffet at the Marlin was the best. Hot dogs, burgers, fries, etc.Pool: One of the most fantastic that I have seen and we spent a lot of time in it. There was a bar in the middle and the bartenders were a lot of fun.The ocean is gorgeous and we never had a problem with reserving chairs. The guys in our group especially loved the beach because of the topless women. Keep in mind though that the waves are very strong. I tore my hamstring on the second day there when I got caught in an undertoe. (And unfortunately for me, the elevator to our floor was out of order for three days after). Shopping: We opted not to leave the resort and they had very little to offer in the way of shopping. And what they did have was very expensive.Some in our group went snorkeling which they enjoyed but did say that the area they were in was chained off to keep the sharks out. Some also went parasailing. One even went when it was thundering and lightening. We kept hoping the boat would bring him back but obviously they weren't concerned. OSHA definitely does not exist in the Dominican.Advice to anyone who is adamant about going to Dominican Republic: Be sure to take Malaria pills before going; take lots of Imodium with you as well as an antacid for upset stomachs. We saw some people being wheeled around in a wheel chair with an IV attached. You cannot get diet soda there unless you can convince the staff that you are on a diet.Needless to say, the only thing that saved our vacation was the fact that there were 12 of us together who have been friends forever and we made the best of a bad situation!  
<Date>Apr 28, 2005
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>vacationbaby
<Content>Good time at Breezes, but would not go back My husband and I just got back from Breezes in Punta Cana. We had a good time. The grounds were great. The resort is huge! You can do anything...if you enjoy laying out, you can do it all day... but if you enjoy doing other activites there is plenty to do from jumping on the trampoline, going to the spa, playing in the pool, etc... There is plenty to eat and drink and most anyone can find something that they like. I would highly recommend the Japanese and Italian restaurants, they are very yummy! Also, a little tip. I've read on many of the reviews that people had a hard time getting into the restaurants at night, and yes, the system needs a little work...however if you go prepared to eat at 6 when they open...you can get right in! So, that's what we did, we would be ready to eat and get right in when it opened. If you don't want to eat early though, you will have to stand in line. Now, for the reason I would probably never go back. My husband and I vacationed with another couple and it happened to be the worst vacation they have ever had. The man who was with us got sick 2 days after we arrived. On wednesday he started feeling sick and had diaharrea and was vomiting, by Thursday morning he had blood in his stool and the doctor at Breezes sent him to the Tourist Hospital. He ended up having Tropical Intestinal Infection. A parasite from the food (they won't tell him exactly what food it was) ate through his intestine and caused internal bleeding. He was in the hospital from Thursday until Saturday when we left. So needless to say my husband and I didn't feel very up to eating after we found out what was wrong with him. There were 4 people from Breezes at the Hospital last week with the same thing...so 4 out of 2000 or some people, the hotel didn't think was so bad. It was just rather unfortante what happened to our friend...obviously it doesn't happen to everyone, but to the one it does happen to it can really ruin your vacation. So, overall my husband and I had a good time at Breezes, the grounds were beautiful and we got to relax but we will never venture back.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Ok, but not recommended My husband and I just returned from a week at Breezes Punta Cana. Not having been to an all-inlcusive in the Carribean before, we were not sure what to expect. Our room, though not impressive, was clean and comfortable. Watch out for the shower, though, the water temperature seems to change frequently and without notice. We didn't have an alarm clock as promised in the brochure but we managed without it. The beach and pool were beautiful but felt we had to reserve our spot on the beach early in the morning or we wouldn't get one. I know this is not supposed to be done, but if you want a spot, it's the only way to get one. The ocean was a bit wavier than we had hoped but it was still nice. The food was not great, but apparently all food in the Dominican is mediocre. The buffet food was easily the worst food they have. If you go to the buffet for breakfast, opt for a made-before-you omelette or fried eggs- atleast they will be hot. The restaurants serving dinner were fairly good. I'd recommend the Japanese restaurant and also the Mexican one (the location of the Mexican restaurant near the beach is actually quite romantic). Don't expect cruise-line-type feasts, though. In fact, my husband and I both came back about 5 pounds lighter! As one other reviewer pointed out, the best food we had was the pizza at the airport on the way home. If you want to eat at one of the ala carte restaurants at night, make sure you get there early to make your reservation. The worst place to do this is at the Japanese restaurant. Due to it's location the way the line forms is a horrible mess. The whole reservation procedure could be greatly improved upon at all of their ala carte restaurants as it is so frustrating to wait in line for such a lenghtly period of time just to make reservations for dinner. Just a note (since we did not know this)- the water in the restaurants is purified and ok to drink. The service could be greatly improved upon as it appeared that the resort was severely under-staffed. Despite their staff being so obviously over-worked and under paid, they were all incredibly friendly. The staff at the towel hut and at the Japanese restaurant were great. Stay away from the VIP staff unless you are bored. We were hounded to sit in on a presentation on Breezes and they tried to convince us to go by promising t-shirts and rum. We laughed outloud when we were handed an already opened bottle of rum prettily wrapped in celophane. We were able to get out of the presentation by making an appointment for another day (which we conveniently forgot) and tossed our rum in the trash. The nightly show was ok but nothing to rush to. You'll find that the music played by the pool and at the nightly shows is the same thing over and over again. I think I will be hearing slide to the left, slide to the right...criss-cross in my head for quite some time. Make sure that you understand the towel policy when you arrive. If you forget to turn in your towels on your last day and don't get your towel slip back, you will be charged for those towels. Also, when checking out, make sure you get the piece of paper that's like a check-out ticket (you'll need it to board your shuttle to the airport). Overall, I am glad we took this trip. The resort setting is actually quite nice. However, if I were to go to the Dominican again, I would definately try a different resort.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2005
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>mdma03
<Content>Perfect vacation! I've travelled quite a bit (serveral cruises, Barbados, Mexico, Florida many times, Cuba, DR, Curacao, Aruba, Hawaii, etc) and am very fussy when it comes to travelling. If it ain't better then home, I'm not going to be a happy camper. Here is my full review of this wonderful property:Resort and room:This resort is very big! Since I was used to resorts at least half the size, I was a bit worried that I wouldn't like it as much. To my surprise, this resort never felt as if it was at full capacity and had 1500+ people. Check-in was a breeze. We were assigned room 7102 (room was a bit noisy as it was next to the entry way for all building 6 and 7, but didn't bother us too much). We were originally assigned a room with a king bed and since I was travelling with my aunt, the check-in agent saw we were 2 woman and automatically changed us room, without even us asking. That was very nice. This room, location wise, was perfect!! We were right in the middle of the action. Within 2 minutes walk, we had access to the beach, the pool, the pool buffet, the bbq station, and 2 bars. Our room had a CD player, Television, complimentary safe, big closet, iron and ironing board and mini-fridge that was stocked with Pepsi, Diet Pepsi (limited quantities), 7-Up and plenty of bottled water. No beers in this safe the whole week. Diet Pepsi was hard to get. As my aunt only drinks Diet Pepsi, this caused a small problem for her. However, we managed to see the guy who is in charge of stocking the mini-fridge and explained that we liked more diet pepsi. Since he didn't had any in his little trolley cart, he said he would leave us some the next morning. The next morning, we got a call to say he was coming with the Diet Pepsi and about 3 minutes later, a knock on the door and about 10 bottles were handed to us. We did give him a little tip as he clearly went out of his way to help us. Bring a travel clock as the rooms are not equipped with clocks. The whole week, the light in the closet did not shut off. Apparently, when you closed the door of the closet, it was automatically shutting off. But ours wasn't closing all the way so the light was on constantly. One morning, I opened the door to get to the safe and the closet door fell on me. I tought the cleaning lady would report it and get it fixed but when we got in the room, later that afternoon, it was still like I left it the night before. That same night, I reported the problem and sometime the next day, it was resolved, but the light was still a problem. All week, our toilet was constantly running. It wasn't a big deal as we just kept the door closed when we were sleeping. Room cleaning service was beyond our expectation. Cleaning time was alternating. Every second day, your room was cleaned in the morning and every second day, it was cleaned in the afternoon. Everyday, the floor was washed, towels replenished and always had plenty of face clothes, bath towel and hand towel in the room. Hot water and water pressure never failed. Time share people are constantly bugging you (on the beach, thru the grounds of the hotel, in the lobby, etc). You can not spend 1 day without a couple nagging you. I contacted my SuperClubs contact upon getting back to Canada and they have assured me that they are working in resolving this situation. They have recieved a lot of negative feedbacks about those TimeShare people, the VIP Club. We chose to ignore them, but they were still quite pushy.  Restaurants:I have to be the fussiest eater, however never in all my travel have I seen so much food selection at an all-inclusive property. SuperClubs taught of EVERYTHING (from late breakfast to late night snacks) and catered to everyone, at all their restaurant facilities. I was really impressed.  Breakfast: Main buffet and Pool Buffet. There was a good selection for breakfast, from Omelettes, eggs cooked to order, bacon (every second morning), ham, saussages, Potatoes, fruit juices, fruits, breads, pancake station and yogurt. They even have a smoothie station! Something for everyone. Service was a little slow for coffee or tea, but nothing that caused any major problems.  Lunch: Main buffet - Good selection of food with Pasta (usually 3 different choices), meat, etc. Pool Buffet - Pasta, french fries, salads, etc. Pool BBQ - Saussages, Pork Chops, Chicken, Hamburgers and fish all grilled on BBQ. Beach Buffet - Pizza, Fish fingers, Chicken Nuggets, French Fries, Chicken wings. Typical beach buffet food. All open aired. Afternoon snack: Beach BBQ and Pool BBQ were open till approx. 4pm. Dinner: Main Buffet: Different theme every night (seafood, dominican, oriental, brazilian, etc). Very good selection. Meat, seafood, rice, salads, breads, fruits, vegetable, etc. We never ate here as the a la carte restaurants were so good. But the strolls we took inside the buffet area seemed very appealing. The main buffet area is opened aired. A La Carte Restaurant: A selection of 6 A la Carte restaurant. The reservation system is not the best. They start taking reservation at 6pm for the same night. Most people start lining up for reservations at 5pm. They take reservations every 30 mins, starting at 6:30pm and closing at 10:30pm. A lot of people do not bother lining up for the A la Carte reservations as they prefer more beach/pool time, however, I think they are missing out on great food, athmosphere and service. I can see SuperClubs points in not accepting advance reservation. When a hotel accepts advance reservations, a lot of people are not able to arrange for advance reservations at the restaurants and many times, many were no shows as they had gone on an excursion or prefered doing something else. This way, they know that if you make a reservation, you are going to show up. Besides, what's the difference in standing in line 1 hour in the afternoon vs 1 hour in the morning? A binder that has all 6 menus for the a la carte restaurants is available at guest services. A special menu was available for wedding parties.  Martino's: Italian dining. We loved it! Service was A-1. Big selection of italian food. Air Conditioned restaurant. Paris: French dining. We found the service very poor. Missing plates (3 appetizers instead of 4, etc), water and wine was never replenished (I had to get up to go get water for the table), slow slow service, many people were leaving after awhile, because it was taking so long. We decided to leave before dessert came as we had been waiting 20 mins for dessert. As soon as they saw we were leaving they told us that if we were to stay, they would bring dessert in 2 minutes, in which they did. This restaurant was the one that I liked the least, but it's a personal opinion as many people we spoke to while in line to make reservation was their 2nd or 3rd time at the restaurant. Duck, salmon, peppered steak, etc can be found on the menu. Air Conditioned restaurant.  El Sombrero: My personal favorite. At the beach bar/buffet so, your feet are in the sand!! Mexican athmosphere all around and more of a casual dining. Awesome selection. Very good service. You can even order a Coronoa. Be sure to try the Chocolate CheeseCake. Open aired restaurant. Marlin's: At the pool buffet. Excellent place for seafood lovers (Lobster is on the menu!). Since I'm not a seafood lover, I enjoyed a nice steak, one of the best I've had (they even ask how you would like it cooked. I ordered well done and it came perfect. Just as I would've cooked it myself). Good selection for both seafood lovers and non seafood lovers. Service was also very good at this restaurant. Open aired restaurant.  Alcazar: Next to the main buffet. Dominican Restaurant. To my surprised, I really liked it. Service was good. A lot of meat with Rum sauces, fruit sauces, etc. Open aired restaurant.  Munasan: Japanese restaurant. The best exeprience ever! The chef is at the cooking station, in front of you and cooks right before your eyes. I even learned a couple of cooking skills! Good choice of food (the main dish was stir-fried veggies with rice and a choice of 2 between the chicken, beef, shrips and mixed seafood) and the deep fried ice cream was delicious! Service was comparable to the Italian Restaurant, very good and very fast. Air Conditioned restaurant.  Early night snack: Finger foods (chicken wings, fried plantains, mini springrolls - different selection every night) is available from approx. 6:30pm to 8pm at the main lobby bar. Excellent if you have a late night restaurant reservation and you want something to nibble on.  Late night snack: After the Mexican Restaurant closes (approx. 11pm), this area turns into a late night buffet with Pizza, chicken wings, hamburgers, french fries, etc. One night, we stayed here very late and food was still available. Perfect food selection for this time of the night (after the disco, etc).  Activities :Activities on the resort caters to everyone! Lots of watersports are included. They also have a circus trapeze, a rock climbing wall, a trampoline and a simulation of an ice skating rink. Also, they have an activity schedule posted next to the main buffet and next to the pool towel station. However, we found that except for the 30 mins of aerobics that were on at around 4pm everyday near the pool, no other activities were happening and the schedule was never followed. We waited 30 mins for the pool aerobics one morning and no one ever showed up. Bars:Good selection of domestic and international drinks, all available 24 hours. Name it they have it. And if they don't have it, they'll go out of their way to try to get it for you. I even asked a bartender to make my favorite Cuban drink and within 3 minutes, I had it. In general, service was quick and efficient. Clamato juice (for Cesars) can be found at the lobby bar. On the odd time (swim-up bar in mid-afternoon, lobby bar at night, etc) when the bar service was in great demand, the service was slower (might have to wait about 5 minutes to get served) and this was expected, as 20 people want 20 different drinks all in the next minute. No bars in Canada or the USA would be able to offer this. I find the bars were all well staffed to cater with the demand. Be sure to try their Mudslides (they nicely decorate your glass with chocolate). The best bartenders we encountered were Jhonny (beach bar), Junior (pool bar) and Fernando (pool bar).  Pool:Very big pool with a walking entry (no ladders if you don't want to), excellent and safe for kids! They also have a smaller pool of approx 2-3 feet deep) especially for kids. The pool is a safe area! There is a little one that fell in the pool one afternoon. Before anyone could notice, 1 bartender and the pool guy were in the water, clothes on and rescued the little one. The pool ranges up to (I believe) 6 feet of water deep. I could recommend putting little signs so people know they are entering the deeper water. It didn't matter to me as I can swim. But for the elementry swimmers, it could be a bit dangerous. Chairs by the pool and beach are comfortable, however many could be changed. I found most of them to be so worn off, some I didn't even dare use. Water temperature in the pool was to my surprise, very warm. It was nice to enter the pool and have warm water instead of icy cold water. Ahhh, the nice practice of reserving chairs and palpas... Just like any other resorts/cruises you go to, no matter where it is, the practice of reserving chairs is seen. It also happens at this resort. Just do like everyone else... Put your towel on the chair you want while you're on your way for breakfast. We usually headed to the pool area around 9:30am. We never had any problems finding 2 available chairs side by side. Maybe not in a perfect location, but good enough for us. Beach:What can I say, it's Punta Cana! White powder sand beach, turquoise water and you could walk for miles! Plenties of Palpas! I honestly have to say that shade at the beach was the best I've seen so far at any resorts I've been to. However, since the resort is next door to the Grand Paradise Bavaro, a lot of guest at this hotel sneak in to use the palpas and beach chairs at the SuperClubs as theirs didn't have the selection that the SuperClubs have. We never really had any problems getting a palpa on the beach. Lots of big waves, all the time.  Casino:Small area, has a mix of tables and coin machine. ** IMPORTANT ** Avoid the Carribean Keno game. Large amounts (5 000$ + US dollars) will be lost in this game. Your Holiday Representative will warn you about this game if you attend the highly recommended orientation meeting.  I believe a little bit of work on the rooms and this resort could easily be upgraded to a 4+ resort. I've read a lot of comments that the staff was rude. We never encountered this problem. They treat you the way you treat them. And if you start carrying a conversation with them and you'll see differently. Many time They would remember our names, where we were from, our drink preference, etc. Remember... What goes around, comes around. Overall, my vacation was wonderful. I'm even hoping to return very soon.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It exceeded our expectations!!! I read several of the reviews before leaving and was really worried about how our trip would turn out. Well, to our delight the resort and our vacation totally exceeded our expectations. The resort was beautiful and very clean. We walked the beach for hours and checked our other resorts. What we really liked about Breezes was the lay-out. The resort is horseshoe shaped and everything is very easy to get to. Other resorts were very strecthed out and you had to walk up to 15 minutes to get to the beach from where your room could be. We were in Bldg. 6 at Breezes and we had a view of the pool and beach...perfect! I would recommend Bldg. 5, 6, or 7. The rooms aren't anything special...very basic but we didn't care. Room service was good too. ** Beach: Words can't even begin to describe how beautiful the area was. My husband would generally go out by 6:30am and claim a couple of chairs for us under one the huts. We brought a couple older towels from home in order to distingush our chairs and I would highly recommend that (the hotel beach towels are blue). We didn't really have to mark a spot that early (7:30am would be fine) but we really liked this certain spot. It was very warm - we were greatful for the nice breeze and the ocean was amazing to swim in. Be sure to check out the boogie boards and ride the waves in. The catamaran rides were really fun too. You can book one ride a day. Be sure to get all your water toy fun in by 4pm because the shop closes at that time. ** Tours: we did the speedboat/snorkeling tour and it was terrific. The staff was a little difficult to understand but we figured things out. The boats were fun and if yours is a little slow, raise your hand and they will immediately get you a new boat. Snorkeling was very fun (1 hour) and the guide feeds the fish right by you so you just get surrounded by fish. They also got us shells and took several pictures for us. Bring a water camera from home because they will cost you $15 there. We also went on the Safari Jones tour (many people recommended it) this tour took you to a sugar cane field, mountains, farm home, through villiages, a school and horseback riding. We thought the trip was about 2-3 hours too long (7:30am-4:30pm). Once you saw the countryside, it all looked the same. The horseback ride was pathetic and although it was interesting, I wouldn't go again. We brought Starburst for the kids and it was fun to give them a treat. I'd also recommend bringing superballs, markers or something different than candy. You can stop at a place on the tour to buy suckers, paper and pencils (we felt is was quite the scam) but all the kids at the schools just got bombarded with the same things so plan ahead and think outside the box. I heard from several people that the Saonama Island (spelling???) trip was amazing....you get to see starfish and you go to the area where the Blue Lagoon was filmed. I guess you can also get an amazing massage on the beach for and extra $20.** Food: I don't know what all the complaints were about. We ate at the Japanese (favorite), Paris, Italian, Mexican (didn't like but people around us loved it), Marlins and the buffet. I thought all the food was pretty good. We got in line around 5:40pm and were able to get in everynight. If one restuarant filled up, just try another. Also, if your are dressed and ready to go at 6pm you can simply get to the door by 5:55pm and walk in. The orange juice was terrible but the fresh juices made in the morning are amaizing (pineapple, banana, mango). We were craving milk and finally asked for some but it was a little warm...yuck. The drinks are never made the same so if you find someone who makes the drink the way you like stick with them. Tipping did not make a difference.** Entertainment - not very good. There were evening shows in the ampitheater and we'd watch for maybe 20 minutes. The dancing was good but that is about it. We loved walking the beach and the resort area (resort isn't really big so don't expect a lot of walking throughout that area). There were billiards available and that was fun too.** Money - we carried only American money and it was no problem.** Shop - there are some beach shops if you walk towards the right. It takes about 1 hour to get there by walking. The shops were pretty good and we always paid about 1/2 of what they orginally asked. I would advise going in the morning - they opened at 8:30am. It gets pretty hot so bring water and take a dip into the ocean on your return.We can't wait to go back to Punta Cana. From what we saw and the people we talked to, we will either return to Breezes or the Grand Flamenco. If you go, have a great time!  
<Date>Apr 20, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>BAFeller
<Content>The True-Blue Review We were at the Breezes April 9-16, 2005. We had beautiful weather-sunny and warm every day (between 85-99 degrees). Check-in - We sat in the front of the bus from the airport and one of the first off so one of us stayed to get the luggage and the other went right up to the front desk. We were given a room in building 6 which was away from the restaurants and theater (the best buildings are 4-7--try and stay away from 1-3 as they are older and by the restaurant and theater). The young man at the front desk whispered to us that he was giving us an upgrade on the room with a king bed (it seemed like he was discreetly asking for a tip--which we slipped to him by a handshake). The room was an average size room with a king bed. The bathroom was quite big. The room had plenty of room for clothes and luggage--a big closet with a safe in it. We also had a balcony to sit out on in the morning or evening to have coffee. The only complaints we had were the air conditioning wasn't very cold and one day we did not have hot water to take showers. Also we didn't get bath towels 3 out of 7 days but when we called they did bring them up later in the afternoon--do call! It might have been because these were the last rooms they were cleaning.Pool - Very nice and topically done. There were plenty of chairs available but not quite enough umbrella's. People would get up early and put their towels on chairs under the umbrellas and then not come back until the middle of the afternoon--if you wanted to you could move the umbrella to two vacant chairs. Pool is solar heated and plenty warm with the high temp's. They offer trial scuba diving in the pool twice a day--fun to try if you've never done it!Restaurants - You have to line up at 5:15 p.m. and then they start taking reservations at 6:00 p.m. for later seatings. They ask who would like to eat right away at 6:00 p.m. and if you wanted to eat at 6:00 you got right in. We usually got down to the restaurant at 5:55 and then were seated at 6:00 p.m. The restaurant we liked the best was the Italian but we also ate at the Japanese (the Dominican version of Japanese--gave you lots of food and the fried rice was great!), the French Restaurant, Marlin (seafood in the evening and is the daytime poolside restaurant for lunch), the Dominican Restaurant (the night we ate here they had a couple men playing guitars and singing--they were very good), and one night ate at the buffet. Food got a little less tasty after four days--all tasted and looked alike. Ate breakfast at the buffet every morning--lots of fresh fruit and you could get fresh omelettes made every morning--but they also got old after 3-4 days. One week of eating here was plenty--some people stay for 2 weeks--don't know how they could eat the food for 2 weeks! Service at all the restaurants was very good--we descreetly tipped some waiters.Tour - we signed up for the Dominican Jones Safari Tour through MLT. The cost was $78 a piece. It was a full day from 8:00-4:30. We were taken to the sugar cane fields, through a couple small towns, stopped at a place to shop, through the countryside to a typical style house where they showed us how to grind cocoa beans and coffee beans. We were also shown a mock cock-fight. Then we were taken to a local ranch for lunch and horseback riding. On the way back stopped at a school and then the local beach. Bring hard candy or a roll of pennys or nickels for the children who chase the bus. We highly recommend this tour if you want to get an idea of what the real Dominican Republic is like away from the resorts--it's a real eye-opener--lots of poverty.Beach - beautiful sand, emerald waters. You could walk as far as you wanted either direction from hotel. We walked 3 miles down the beach to an outside market where you could buy souvenirs--you can barter but we thought their prices were a little high. Prices were better here then the place they stopped at on the Dominican Jones tour.Casino and Disco - You are handed a $10.00 match play coupon every night. At the casino they have several game tables and slot machines. We only went one night and played our match coupon and lost--we prefer Las Vegas. It was very nice inside. The disco is musty smelling and very loud but great for younger people that like the night life.We enjoyed our stay. We would rate this resort a 3 star--not a 4. It was a good value for the money we paid. If you have some questions you would like answered please email us at bruceanitafeller@aol.com  
<Date>Apr 19, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Relaxing Vacation! My friend and I just returned back yesterday from the Breezes Punta Cana. This resort is Beautiful, Huge, and the Beach is magnificent! We had a wonderful time. We went on vacation to relax and that's what we did. Punta Cana is not know for the Nightlife. You can go outside the resort to the local disco, The Disco at the resort was 'ok' not really our thing tho. Drinks were great, I really liked the Banana Daiquiri, very good. There were lots of things to do during the day, The trapeze and the trampoline were fun. You could take all different kinds of tours, the 4 wheelers (really fun), Horseback rides(I only go for one hour next time, two is too much for me, I could hardly sit for 2 days), Boat tours, etc. The beach is beautiful, there was always lots of chairs, but if you wanted shade you'd have to get up early and put your towels on the ones close to the shade. There was always lots of breeze, so laying there in the 30+ heat wasn't all that bad. Theres lots of beach to walk on and if you go up the beach far enough, there's a ship whreck, really cool to see.The food was excellent, the specialtiy resturants were great, especially the Mexican, Italian and Japaneese. There was always a good selection of food in the buffets, We enjoyed everything! The only thing is you do have to wait a while to make reservations, you can only make them the night you want to eat.Overall a fabulous vacation, but more for young and older couples and families, a great place to just relax and get away.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Worried before we went ..... was pleasantly suprised My hubby and I just returned home on Thursday from Breezes Punta Cana....We had read the reviews before we left and we were almost thinking about cancelling and going elsewhere. Needless to say, we were glad that we went and we had a great vacation.... The resort is HUGE and absolutely beautiful... The pool was awesome, the staff treated us great. Some of the reviews I read said that you had to tip to get good service, but we found the opposite. People seemed to bend over backwards for us and didnt expect anything in return...There was always someone coming over to us asking if there was anything we needed or wanted...whether we were at the buffet, or at the pool bar, we had excellent service...Some people found that the staff were rude, but from our experience, it was not the case at all.. There was a language barrier, and people may perceive that as being rude, but once you try to carry on a conversation with someone local, you will quickly learn that they are great people..The food - Im a picky eater when Im in a different country. At this resort I found the food in the buffet just average. Not bad and not great.....On the other hand, we started making reservations for the a la carte restaurants each night and the food was excellent. Alot of people had a hard time getting in to these restauraunts because you had to make a reservation...What you need to do is either show up between 530 and 6 all dressed and ready to eat and you will get in no problem....Or if you are still in your beach clothes, you need to show up by 530 and make a reservation for later in the evening....If you land at the restaurant at 630 or 7 and try to get in, its not going to happen....We ate at all the restaurants, Japanese, Mexican, Italian and French. My favorite was the Japanese and French. Italian was excellent also. No complaints at all. We spoke to several couples while we were away to see if any of them had been sick from the food. We didnt find anyone that was... I think my husband had a case of the runs although he wont admit it. That may have had something to do with the fact that he ate everything in sight and drank from 10am til 10pm...But overall, we were not sick.The rooms- They werent bad and werent super nice. Just a place to sleep pretty much. The outside of the resort is stunning, the rooms were just ok... The only negative thing that we found with this resort was there wasnt much to do at night. My hubby and I are both 30 and we were in bed every night by 10...The sun sucked us out, but the lack of entertainment/things to do landed us in bed early.....They had nightly shows that were about an hour long, but once they were over...time for bed. We have been on a few other trips....Cuba, Cancun Mexico, and now Dominican. Although nothing compares to Mexico (awesome), we did prefer Dominican over Cuba...Beautiful resort, nice people, and most beautiful beach I have seen yet.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>sweetpea1
<Content>Excellent choice Just got back from a wonderful vacation of 2 weeks in Dominican Republic. we stayed 1 week at Superclub Breezes and 1 week at Bahia Principe. Both were very nice, but I think I preffered the Breezes. It is a beautiful resort with very friendly staff, who really try to understand and help you. The food choices were very good... even though the a la carte restaurants especially the French restaurant was exceptionally slow. We had reservations at 8:00pm and left at 10:30 pm. We did get up to leave before desert, but as soon as they realized that we were leaving, they rushed our desert to the table and we were on our way. We had stayed at this resort before and had not encountered this. The only downfall to this otherwise beautiful resort, is the rooms are quite small... but who wants to spend the days in their room !! I would definitely recommend this resort to anyone. You will never go hungry. The food is quite good and lots of variety. There is food and drinks 24 hours a day... so enjoy!! Check out the waiters at the pool bar... Junior  Fernando are great fun !! We definitely would go back anytime !!!!  
<Date>Apr 17, 2005
<Rating>5	4	3	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Breezes Punta Cana-Nice Place to Go I just recently returned from Breezes Punta Cana and found the entrance to the Resort very pretty and exciting as you begin your vacation.We got there a bit year for check-in, but they were more than nice to start the process while we wait and adjust to the temperature change.The rooms are kept very clean, the food is delicious and the beach is just amazing. This was my first time at an all-inclusive and had to adjust to certain things.Well the first was that I'm use to carrying money for everything and it was nice not having to have to worry about this.My only compliant is that no one told us how the meal situation is for dinner and having this have been my first all-inclusive it would have been nice if someone would have asked if we've done this before if not this is the procedure. Our first night there we got ready for dinner and went to eat and found that none of the restaurants could seat us because reservations were required at 6pm and need to make a line for the 6pm reservations by 5:15 and it's first come first served. You could always make a line and have dinner at 6pm, but if you prefer a later dinner time this is the procedure.Need less to say we at breakfast, lunch and had to have dinner too at the buffet. That was the frustrating part, the lack of communication.The other is the Omelette or Egg Station at the Marlin, the cook does not speak anything other than Spanish which is totally understandable, but there should be signs explaining that you must pick a plate and add toppings to your plate if you want an omelette and hand it to the cook. One side if for ordering and the other is for waiting. I didn't know this and am use to telling the cook what toppings and he/she mixes it. I was waiting when I person comes up and grabs his plate picks his toppings and hands it to the cook. The person had no idea that I didn't place my order and I was waiting for my turn. I saw this happen two other times with newly arrived people and they actually got into arguments about not following procedures. They failed to recognize that the procedure is not explained. Communication is key and that is lacking.The Spa is not included in the price so please take tipping money for them and the Internet Center is also not free. Once I got the routine down, (by day 2) it's a well maintained and beautiful place to go. Great for families and entertainment for all ages. I would go back, especially since I know how the system works.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent place for sun and fun The beaches are great. The sun is very hot but the breeze is always there to keep it barrible. Bring a cooly mug with you as the bar close to the beach only has small plastic cups. We stayed away from the pool and the pool bar. Figured it might be a better chance of catching something. Lots of people in the pool and the only ones we know who did get sick were the ones swimming in it. Don't worry about mosquitoes or any bugs for that matter, there were none. Food is excellent anywhere on the resort. You don't have to go to the al-a cart restaurants for good food. The buffet has plenty of choices but if your looking for finer dining the al-a-cart's have it. We liked the Japaneese and French the best.Bring gifts for the local children if you plan on going out for a tour. There are lots of kids that will appreciate it. Any itims will do...visit your local dollor store before you leave.Have fun and enjoy.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>the food Just returned from weeks stay at Breezes Punta Cana. The beach was a beautiful as any in the world and very comfortable for sitting, sunning and swimming. All we expected.However, the food was a nightmare. I actually lost weight on the trip. All four of us had the same experience. Everything was a little off. We stopped going to the specialty restaurants and stuck with the buffet where by picking and chosing you could at least find nourishment each day.The no tipping thing doesn't work. Service suffers when incentive is removed. You must tip at the bar or you'll be waiting and not drinking.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2005
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>No Regrets!!! I just recently returned from the Breezes with both my parents. We read countless reviews, and i must say that i was fairly worried upon arrival. But i must say it was incredible!!!!! The staff was so friendly. The rooms were nothing special, but they worked for sleeping and showering, etc. You really didn't spend much time in them. The food was alrite, but I could always find sumthing to eat, as I am not a very adventurous eater. We have talked to many people since we've been back and our biggest compliant was the food, but many have said that you don't go to Dominican for the food. It's the beach and the weather, which were both incredible. Had one day that was a tad overcast, but it cleared up very quickly. The hotel itsself was gorgeous. Pool was beyond words. The nighttime entertainment was great and you could always find people just sitting down by the pool tables. Overall this vacation was amazing! I don't know if I would go back to this exact resort, but I would definitly do an all-inclusive again!!!! No Regrets!  
<Date>Apr 11, 2005
<Rating>4	3	2	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>LesleyMc
<Content>Two weeks from 24/3/2005 to 7/4/2005 We have just returned from Breezes - two couples in their forties. We had been reading the reviews on this forum and were getting quite worried before we went but we were pleasantly surprised when we arrived.However having spent two weeks there we were getting a bit fed up with some things.Weather - beautiful - very hot.Swimming pool - wonderful and large - it never felt crowded although we were there over the Easter holidays. The pool bar was very crowded and it was difficult to get served by some of the staff. Junior was brilliant but Pablo seemed to have a problem with serving women (or perhaps British)!!. Beach - fantastic.Food - wasn't bad but 3 out of the 4 of us got upset tummies. We ate in two of the a la cartes - food and service very good.Rooms- basic but adequate - all we did was sleep there.The major problems we had were as follows:Service - it varied greatly depending on staff. At times they seemed to be very understaffed. Sometimes took a very long time to get served at the bars, and in the buffet restaurant plates were not cleared so we ended up with piles of plates on our table. Also getting a drink in there took some time.Drains - There was a major problem with overflowing drains on the way to our room for the whole time we were there - the smell was terrible!! It was getting worse as we left. Lift - our room was on the top floor and the lift broke after the first week. Although there was another one - it was a long way round. It still had not been fixed by the time we left.I found some of the staff to be excellent (Franklyn the pool attendant was brilliant) but I do think tipping goes a long way there. We did not tip very much. We went to Jamaica 2 years ago and found the people to be much friendlier and the service better.Despite the problems we still had a wonderful holiday and met some fantastic people from all over the world. I must admit however that we would not go there again.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>wonderful vacation Just got back yesterday. Was extremely worried considering reviews, but this experience was wonderful. Rooms are small we were on the second floor facing the pool in building 6. It smelled a liitle musty , but the humidity is very high and this room didn't really get a breeze. It was a great location for my 7 year old son that ran back and forth from the room to the pool. Beach is beautiful. food is average but there's plenty of it. Weather was great.. I think the staff was terrific very hard working. I was extreley pleased and am looking forward to booking another vacation...Have fun..Island time...bring a book and chill.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>thebandit1984
<Content>Good value for your money My boyfriend and I went to the Breezes Punta Cana in June, 2004. Overall we had a wonderful time. We were very satisfied with what we got for how much we paid.First of all, we were impressed by the friendly and helpful staff. Check-in was quick, and all the trips were well organized and ran smoothly. The hotel has a beautiful, clean, extensive beach front and the hotel itself is spread out nicely, so it avoids looking like a hideous high-rise. The buffet was very good and had a variety of different foods. The bars stayed open very late which was a plus for us. One bar was even open 24 hours. Although you don't have to tip, if you do the bartenders will treat you like royalty.The building itself was very pretty and well decorated but some of the fixtures could use some updating. The power went out for a few minutes one night. Service at the restaurants was not outstanding, but not terrible either, and the food was very tasty. The drinks were not very good and they did not offer any name brand liquors, although we didn't ask. Therefore, we drank beer most of the time. The pool was not that nice: it had algae on the sides, and was filled with kids. But we mostly stuck to swimming in the ocean, which was beautiful. You can book day trips at the hotel, and I would definitely recommend the Jeep tour. They give you a Jeep Wrangler (warning: manual transmission) and with a partner you drive around the entire country, on roads and through the jungles. You have to stay relatively close to the tour guide, but they let you fool around and pass each other. Also included are some short guided tours in a fruit plantation, sugar plantation, and a stop at a nice beach where you can go horseback riding. This was the highlight of our trip! I would recommend it for anyone looking for a fun adventure.Overall, while we were disappointed with some of the aspect of our trip, I would definitely recommend the Breezes Punta Cana for anyone looking for a fun and relaxing vacation at a cheap price.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Derek
<Content>Incredible Vacation.....       Balcony View (right side)  
<Date>Apr 8, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>slls
<Content>Had a blast 1)1st - Remember - you are in a 3rd world country-2) They experienced a hurricane last fall3) 3 Star Resort- if looking for complete luxury- go to 5 star up frontGROUNDS: trying to re-coop from last falls hurricane, re-planting flowersand shrubs, will take timeThe architecture of the buildings and lay out of entire place is welcoming,very invitingROOMS: small but efficient, bathrooms are nice size, but, beds are trulyhard!FOOD: Enjoyed the specialty restaurants, rest of food not up to par-but, on the plus side- they do try very hard, with alot of varietyPOOL: very very large and clean, could always find a chair at pool,must get up very early to get an umbrella at poolBEACH: sand  ocean absolutely beautiful!!- huts on beach a real plusto shade you from hot sun, again, must get there very early to reserveMISC: bring lots of lotion, float devices, boogie boards, books, the oneshop they have is VERY expensive!!The trade-wind breezes are lovely and welcomed!!-The waves are fun to play in or coast over- it is the Ocean, waves are tobe expected!We see the glass there as 1/2 full- it is a nice resort in a great locationon the beach, we had a pool front room w/side view of ocean- theweather was the best - all in all, it was great!!  
<Date>Apr 6, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>julieBrough
<Content>Don't Go! We stayed at Breezes 16th March until 30th MarchAccommodation: Poor maintenance of property in general. Fixtures and fitting a little shabby, in desperate need of a refurbishment.Food: Compared to my experience in other DR hotels the food was mediocre. There was no effort to reduce the number of flies around the food and 3 out of 4 of us had tummy troubles. Staff: Whilst I appreciate that the staff work long hours and for low pay it is the same for staff in other hotels. Bearing in mind I have stayed in other hotels in the DR my experience is that the staff here seemed very sullen and poorly motivated compared to staff in other hotels who have all been extremely friendly and helpful. Clearly there is a management issue in this hotel.Beach: Fantastic beach unfortunately was not cleaned regularly unlike other hotels that we passed on our daily walks down the long stretch of north Bavaro. The hotel has a policy of not reserving sun beds with towels, however this was ignored and people were putting towels on beds both beach and pool as early as 5.30 am!! Really sad!Finally: We were constantly hassled by staff trying to sell VIP status which was some kind of holiday club and they have a sales room next to Sombrsros fruit bar. Not what I expect in the actual hotel surroundings itself.We Love the DR and the people and have already booked to return next year, obviously NOT this hotel. Had this been our first experience we would have probably been put off for good but thankfully we know that this Hotel is not representative in any way. Don't go until it has had a refurb, new management and staff training!!  
<Date>Apr 3, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Had a great time at Breezes We just returned yesterday from our stay at Breezes, Punta cana.We had our two sons ages 13 and 11 with us. I was very pleased with the resort. I was a little worried after reading some of the reviews. We arrived at about 10 pm and were in our room within 15 minutes. Building 5 had a great view of the pool and some of the water and wasn't far from anything. As someone mentioned, it is a good idea to bring some of your own towels from home to distinguish your beach chairs. We found that we had to save our chairs by the pool and beech between 5:30 and 6am if we wanted so sit somewhere specific. Saving a Palapa by the beach is a great idea as they go quickly and the sun gets very hot. Also recommended is thermal cups to hold your drinks, Woolite to wash out your bathing suits, candy to give the local children if you go on the Bavaro Runners tour. We really enjoyed the Bavaro Runners tour. You got to see a little of everything in one day. We went to a sugar cane plantation, a cigar factory, Dominican womans home/farm, horseback riding and a private beach. It was interesting to see what life was like outside the resort. My boys had a great time meeting and playing with kids from all over the world. There was a list posted by the pool with the days activities. We also enjoyed the animation crew, especially, Julio, Spaghetti  Jamaica. They work from morning to night running games, dances and exercise clinics for kids and adults. My only wish is that they had better food. We have been to Punta Cana before, and the food always tastes different than what were used to. My kids lived on rolls and french fries all week. My husband and I both got sick one night but a little Immodium took care of it. The beach was the most beautiful I had ever seen. Yes it was wavey but the kids loved it. We brought blow up inner tubes from home for $3.00 from Target and they body surfed with them all day. Be aware that the beach is topless. A little odd to see at first, but after a day or so you non't even care. All in all we had a great time and would recommend Breezes as a good 4 star resort.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great for Kids My family returned March 27th from Breezes. My kids had a great time. The rock wall for my son and trapeze for my 8 year old little girl. The food was ok. My son enjoyed the seafood restaurant the best. The Italian was the worst. Actually the buffet at night was the worst. Eating at a restaurant was better at night. With kids we always ate early, 6:30 or 7:00. We had friends who tipped a dollar several times and were treated like royalty. They are under staffed. So if you tip the bar guy a dollar every now and then he will be right there to help you regardless of the line around you. The grilled fish and chicken at the pool restaurant was the best for lunch. Kids ate pizza at the restaurant beside the rock wall everyday for lunch. Breakfast at the main restaurant was the best meal at the main restaurant. The beach was the best ever.My suggestions, take a float for your kids. The waves are fantastic but the boogie boards are for adults and may rub the kids stomachs. Take a large insulated cup. Take some old towels to help reserve your spot early in the morning at the beach or pool. Take a zip lock bag and grab some bread sticks or your favorite breakfast bread to snack on at the beach. Book your banana boat ride when you get there and a hobie cat for every day. You can go the first day and book for the week. Some days are too windy and you can not go on the hobie cat. So book early and make sure you get out at least once. The water is super clear. Take a mask and snorkel. Some days a school of fish will swim close to the beach. My kids loved playing pool and ping-pong in the shade. Down side, lots of Germans and my little girl had difficulty finding a girl to play with. And as my son says when I asked him if the topless women bother him, Naw, their just German. And as far as the shows at night go, they were better at the Allegro. The shows don't start until 9:45 and end at 11:00.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Was expecting more My boyfriend and I spent a week at this resort between March 20-March 27. We had visited the Breezes in Puerto Plata and absolutely loved that resort there so we decided to stick with Breezes again. We were anticipating a busy resort due to the March Break but when we go there, it was definitely more busy than we expected. It was almost impossible to find a beach chair by the pool or on the beach if you didn't wake up before 7 or 8. (on our last morning we had to wake up at 5:30 and found that chairs were already reserved by then!) It was also the first time we had trouble finding a table to eat at sometimes in the main buffet at a resort. The resort itself was quite nice, the pool was beautiful and quite big (although over crowded at all times) and the beach was by far one of the prettiest we've ever seen. The a la carte restaurant reservations setup was quite annoying. You had to wait in line for about an hour before the restaurants open to get reservations for the same night and even then you weren't gauranteed and seat. (Which happened with the japanese restaurant for us. We waited for about 45 min to get turned away at the door) Just make sure you start lining up by 5pm to be safe. Also, due to the fact that it was basically impossible to get into the a la carte restaurants, by the end of the week, we were quite sick of the buffet food as it started looking the same day after day. Although it was over crowded for our trip which did take away from a lot of things we could have done, I do not doubt that others will be able to enjoy this resort at any other time. Some positive points are, all staff we encountered were very pleasant, friendly and hard working, the entire place was kept quite clean at all times, the casino was fun (look out for a girl from the casino who hands out free $10 coupons in the lobby) and the drinks were very good (not too strong) All in all, we still had fun as any vacation is what you make of it yourself.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Libby2
<Content>Had a great relaxing vacation, loved it! We just got back from Breezes in Punta Cana. I would definitely recommend it. Had a fabulous vacation and we are pretty discriminating travelers and travel to the Caribbean twice per year. Resort was very international in the clientele, lot of Canadians, Italians, Germans and initially Dominicans on their holiday the week before Easter. Room was great, great view, high up above pool and had shade in the afternoon after a day at the beach. Beach was gorgeous, one of the best we have encountered in the entire Caribbean. Had to go out and put towels on chairs under shade huts very early each morning (6:15am) to reserve them so had relief from the blazing sun during the day. But it was well worth it, you could watch sun come up and continue sleep on the beach or go back to the room. About 10% of people sunbathe and swim/walkaround the beach topless so you will encounter that (although I think that is everywhere in DR). Pool was huge and refreshing. A lot of activities going on all day at the pool (volleyball, water polo, aerobics, dancing lessons, games, soccer and volleyball on the beach, etc). Could take out boogie boards for an hour at a time, had banana boat and tube rides for free. Parasailing was $40 US in tandem or $80 US single. There was a rock climbing wall and a trapeze that they would teach you on. Also a synthetic ice skating rink but we didn't try them. Food was very good, especially the dinners. We ate in all of the specialty restaurants (Italian (3 times), Japanese, French, Mexican and Seafood) and had great dinners each night. Either you wait in line to make reservations at 5:30pm each night in front of the restaurant you want to eat at or you can walk right in at 6:00pm, which is what we did each night. We ate at the buffet for breakfast each morning. Very good selection, always had eggs or omelets made to order, french toast, pancakes, crepes. great pastries, fresh fruits were abundant and also bacon, sausages, and many other island dishes (ie mashed pumpkin or banana) and even luncheon meats. Also made fruit smoothies. For lunches we ate at the pool grill/buffet. Always had great salad and pasta each day. Also great grilled chicken, pork chops and fish. We stayed away from the hamburgers as they did not taste like any beef burger I've ever had and the hot dogs were a funny red color and always looked raw. Always had fresh fruit as well. Our kids always enjoyed their meals (obviously not everything but they tried much of the foods). None of us got sick at all and we ate everything. Only precaution was that we brushed our teeth with bottled water as they advised against drinking the water in the room. We don't drink much alcohol, they had wine or drinks at each dinner meal, the wine was good. The drinks at the bars are all made with their house brands of alcohol. My only complaint was that the mixers seemed watery or punchlike, not real fruity. They didn't skimp on the alcohol at all and the service was always prompt, never had a problem. Maid service was inconsistent, some days great others not so great. Often in room at 4-5 pm which was when we wanted to take showers so either we waited or they left. They have 6 pool tables that were popular each evening (that's what our kids liked to do-2 girls ages 12 and 13) and they had game that you could check out. There were shows each night, we only went to one of them as we were always tired after a full day at the beach and it was sort of like a bad high school production. They played music and the characters lipsynced very badly (may be the language barrier) and the dancing was not in sinc either. We had heard that the circus show was good but we missed it. As we were on the bus back to the hotel we talked with several people that stayed at the Grand Paradise resort and they said it was ok-(food was not good and service was poor, they all got sick one night) and several others stayed at the Gran Bahia Principe that said their rooms were great but the food and service was terrible, when they tried to make reservations at the specialty restaurants they were told they were all full even though they were told you couldn't make them in advance. They wound up eating at the buffet each night and the adults said it was edible but their teenage sons said it was not and they ate bread and candy bars all week. We heard a few people complaining at our resort also but I am not sure what they are expecting.Would definitely recommend Breezes and we would definitely go back.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Had a blast in punta cana Ok, if you're heading there to hang out on the beach or by the pool, relax, have fun in the daytime and lots of drinks, you too will have a blast at Breezes in Punta Cana. If you're interested in good food, quality nighttime entertainment, or shopping till you drop, you'd better look elsewhere. Just got back yesterday from there and had a great time. Yes, the food is very bland and standing in line for over an hour to get reservations at one of the restaurants is a real pain. The nightly shows are extremely cheesy! I can't believe that out of all of the entertainers, none of them can sing and they feel the need to lipsynch (badly) to recorded music. The casino didn't have much to offer and the disco was small and smelled like a sewer on most nights. On the plus side, the beach is gorgeous, the pool is gorgeous, the weather was warm and sunny everyday, the drinks were cold, the staff was friendly, the room was nice with a great view and the excursions offered were fun. All in all, a great time!  
<Date>Mar 27, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>nice place, but... very nice resort, lots to do, excellent food. However, the whole resort was sick with the highly communicable Norwalk virus, and all staff and vacation reps denied anything was wrong. i would not advise anyone to go to this resort till after it has been shut down for the summer season and cleaned and sanitized properly.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>loved club breezes went down for a wedding in Aug.2004 had such a good time that we are planning on going back. There were about 30 of us .many things to do  
<Date>Mar 22, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Miramichi45
<Content>A Fantastic Visit!! My wife and I stayed at the Punta Cana Breezes from March 3, 2005 until March 10, 2005.To this day, I don't understand why some guests complained so much. We arrived around 3:00 am so, needless to say, we were wiped!! Check-in took about 35 min as there were about 40 persons off our bus. I thought the time was reasonable, considering the numbers.At 4:00 am I found some food, as the Breezes boasts food availability 24 hours per day. Nothing like a fresh hamburger at 4: 00 in the morning. I'm serious! All of the testamonials I read suggested that you avoid certain areas, like buildings 3 and 4. We ended up in Room 3437, in building 3. I am convinced that this was one of the best rooms in the complex as we had both a pool view and an ocean view.My wife and I ate at three of the a la carte restaurants. We especially liked the Paris restaurant. Went there twice!Just a bit of advice about booking for the a la cartes. We like to eat early so we got suitably attired and joined the line-up at 5:00 pm and were seated at 6:00 pm. Some folks complained about the process but it didn't fizz us too much.None of the testimonials which I read suggested how we should dress for the a la cartes so here's the scoop. Don't wear shorts! Ladies, wear casual evening wear. Guys, wear a fairly decent short-sleeved summer shirt and a pair of decent , summer slacks. I took a tie but it wasn't necessary.The food at the main buffet was fine. There is always something to satisfy the appetite. I will return to this Breezes but I will bring some KFC salt packages with me as we found it hard to get salt out of the salt shakers!! Humidity! Also, their ketchup doesn' taste the same so I will take some Heinz with mme on the next trip.The weather is outstanding! We had perfect weather. Sun, sun, and more sun.We took in one optional trip.. the Bavarro Runner tour. It was ok. What made it outstanding for us was the fact that we travelled with a group of Western Rednecks( sorry guys) and a threesome of Russians!This cultural mix made an otherwise boring trip a blast!! We had a great time with our guide translating between Russian and English.!!Enough said. We had a good time as did others on our flight. If you wish specific info about restaurants, what to do, etc.. please feel free to contact me as that is what I did to others before we went to Punta cans.e-mail... ---  
<Date>Mar 18, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Saleen69
<Content>Amazing Hotel Property Hello People,I just came back March 11 from the Super Club Breezes in Punta Cana and I have read many, many postings before I left. I will now give you the lowdown on this hotel as it is fresh in my mind. Trust me, I would never thought to post here but this should help out those who are heading to this hotel. By the way, I was travelling with 12 people, some single, some couples, aged 28-25.1) Our first positive experience involved checkin...upon arrival, I had asked for an upgrade to our room and the lady behind the desk tried her best and have us a room facing the pool....as we were heading there, she came back to us and told us that we could not have this room but she would try to get us another room of similar view.....unfortunately the second room had a bad view of some sort of water-facility!! I went back and made a point of the first room and she switched us into this second room....they were happy to accomodate us.2) Food - what can I say? From the BBQ grill by the pool to the 24hr bar for after-disco drinking, the food here was great. There was a great variety available and there was not a lot of oil used for cooking.....make sure you try the fish, it is excellent.3) Casino - had blackjack, Caribbean Poker, slots, roulette-- only thing here is that it opened from 7pm-3am...hours could have been longer.4) Beach - fantastic....tonnes of beach chairs available and the water is amazing.....waves coming in at times..great colour....5) Disco - fair in size--starts picking up around 11:30pm.....many people hung around the lobby bars before heading up----music was a mix of latin beats and popular North American RB, hip hop songs...only thing was that it closed at 2am....6) Staff-- ask and you shall receive - the staff are very friendly and will go out of their way to help you - tipping is NOT permitted by the hotel but I know for a fact that these people appreciate it - they do not expect tips because their service is the same...$1US goes a long way there!!!The only negative were that in order to get into the A la Carte restaurants(Japanese, French, Italian, Seafood) you have to line up at 5pm....they do not take advance reservations. Trust me, people start lining up at 5pm either to have dinner at 6pm when they open or to get a reservation at a later time....I waited on behalf of my group but you could spend an hour of your time doing other things other than lining up.Overall, this place is amazing...it is a primarily couples-family place but you do have your single people there as well. Enjoy your trip folks.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tyredmommie
<Content>the best i looovveedd the breezes..everything was great..i dont know why people complain about it so much...the check in didnt take long (we got there at 11:00 at night) we did have trouble finding our room..but thats okay..we had a pool view first floor room..it was nice..fidge was usually stocked for us but when it wasnt you can go to one of the 5 or 6 bars there and get whatever you want..i saw a lot of canadians there..i met a lot of nice people..the buffet was good...the best restaurant was the dominican restaurant..it was very underrated...no line ups to get in..the only other restaurants we went to were the french and the mexican..i dont have the patience to stand in line for an hour..lol..the french was bad untill the steak came..the steak was the best thing ive ever tasted in my life..the mexican was really good too..i wish i had brought a sweater though..it was windy..i didnt get sick at all..my friend was sick a little one night..but besides that we were fine...the staff is wonderful..everyone is very very nice..i only felt uncomfortable a couple of times with the pushiness of the men there trying to hit on you..but it was all in good fun i guess...the disco sucks..go to the mangu disco at the gran flemenco..its a 12 dollar cab ride...but its very good..i loved it..i went on one excursion..the marinarium...where you go swimming with the sharks and sting rays...it was really cool..it was worth the 80 dollars..we took at ton of pictures..the boat ride was fun too..they had all kinds of different brands of alcohol..i drank bailys all week..ask for the especial..its kinda like a strawberry mudslide..very very good..and i met a guy down there who i am sooo loving..lol..well hes great...he works at the resort..i dont know what this has to do with my review but it just goes to say how nice the people are and that i had a really good time..thats all i think...i highly recomend the breezes to everyone  
<Date>Mar 8, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A wonderful time! We were at Breezes from Feb. 23 to March 4th. 4 Adults and two teenage girls (16 and 14) Overall we thoroughly enjoyed our stay. Having been to Punta Cana before We knew what to expect as far as leaving the resorts. The beaches at this end of Punta Cana are far nicer than at the Bavaro end. No seaweed and you can walk for hours. The service at this resort was great. Once in a while you ran into a bartender who was not as chatty as the rest, but he was tired and if you asked how they were in Spanish, they perked right up and seemed to enjoy the effort. The beach bar is far busier than the fruit bar. The fruit bar and Swimup bar staff will recognise you on sight after 2 visits and have your favorite cocktail waiting. (Again, a little Spanish and effort and a smile goes a long way) We rarely tipped and still got service beyond compare. The rooms are just that, rooms. Ours were clean, and bright and the water pressure was fabulous. Good maid service. We were in the 5th building overlooking the jungle. Very nice and quiet, you could sleep with the patio door open and not hear anything until after 8:30 a.m. The buffets were great. I couldn't do 2 weeks of them, but they were varied and tasty and fresh. No one in our group got sick and we tried everything. The ala carte system is not great. But, hey, your on vacation, get another drink and visit. The food in the ala cartes was excellent with the Japanese being all of our favorites. And yes you can get a later dinner reservation. We ate as late as 8:30 p.m. We highly recomment the Bavaro Runners tour of the Sugar, coffee , and cigar plantations. Great fun, and very eye opening. The Saona Island tour was breathtaking, but a long bus ride (2 hours each way) and absolutly no fish if you are a snorkeler. The island and oceon around it are stunning. All in all, we tried everything, including the trapeze and rock climbing, and would go back. As long as you realize that this is their country and time moves slower, and the food is THEIR version of Mexican, or Japanese, you will have a great time.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>rooms first we paid to stay 14 days in a suite, but the 1 bed was broke the jucuzzi tub was broke the shower curtain was hanging lopsided.however we were told that there was no other rooms avail. so we were'nt going to let that ruin our time but our room was infested with bugs they were every where. we would sit at night with all the lights on and watch tv with the kids and the cockroaches would we all over the bed side table in between the beds we were sitting on. they were not bothered by us. We chased the staff for 8 of our 14 days and the end result was that on our vacation we bought spray from the gift shop and sprayed our room and we removed the broken bed and the bedside table from our room. because it seems the bugs were in the wood. so you ask what did the resort do? Nothing, just alot of oh oks. but that is it not even a complimentary pen!  
<Date>Mar 8, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice, but not great Stayed at Breezes Feb. 13 - 28, 2005 with my husband and overall experience was average. The beaches are great, the weather was really good, but very high winds. The rooms are OK, need updating as the drapes, linnens etc. are worn. We had a nice balcony view, but we were right above the main restaurant, so very noisy in the mornings (starts at 5:00 a.m. with dishes etc.)The main problem is with the al-a-carte restaurants....here's the deal:There are 5 al-a-cartes. You can not pre-book anything. You must line up outside the restaurant no later than 5:00 pm to try and get in when the restaurant opens at 6:00 pm or try and get a later booking. You are more likely to be struck by lightning than to get a booking later than 6:00 pm. You stand in a lineup of say 20 people, when you get to the front of the line you are told that there are no more bookings for that evening. What? How does that happen? Who is paying off who to get a seat? Who wants to eat at 6:00 pm? Instead of having a relaxing, strees-free time, you had to start to fret each afternoon about where to eat, who was going to line up, when and if you can get in to someplace. When we did get a later booking (once out of the 2 weeks) we found the restaurant to be half empty! Very poorly managed system.So for the food....the restaurants are OK. but very inconsistent. One night it's good, the next time, it's not so good. I found the best to be the Italian, although don't expect authentic Italian food., The beef is awful everywhere.The cafeteria (a.k.a the main buffet) is OK some nights, but in 2 weeks all the food tates the same. The beef is terrible. You have to line up for eggs, toast, and pasta all the time. So, this resort was OK at best, but I would not return due to the fact that it is poorly managed in many ways. About half of the nightly shows are worth watching, the other half are silly.The service is good, most of the staff are very friendly but don't believe it when they say tipping is not allowed.As far as Punta Cana, it was our first and last time there. The countryside is not at all scenic and there are no towns nearby. The only walks you can take are on the beach and there is no shopping or anything else to do outside of the resort. So plan on staying on the property 99% of the time. If you are just looking to stay put for a week or two, it's fine.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2005
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>jlo939
<Content>awesome time       staff at amphitheatre  
<Date>Feb 26, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>traveler110
<Content>Had a wonderful and relaxing time! Just returned from Breezes and had a most relaxing vacation! Check in was super easy and yes, it is true, if you very discreetly tip you can get a better room type. Workers can be instantly fired if they are seen accepting tips so be very discreet, I placed money in my passport and we wound up in building 3 with a an ocean view. Our original room was on the far side of building 7. Room was nice, clean, comfortable, good water pressure, drink request forms provided for your refridgerator and are filled without problem. Bring your own travel clock - they are no clocks in the rooms!! We only tipped the first day in our room for the maid and didn't see any difference in service the days we didn't tip so I don't think a willingness to spread money around really makes or breaks a vacation. Although we didn't have maid service on our second to last day. They will not provide anything other than water and soda in your room so you'll have to get your Cervezas down at the bars. Speaking of bars, the bartenders are NOT rude - just seriously overworked and underpaid. Yes, tipping here will get you more immediate service but a little patience will get you service as well. They do not stint on alcohol and have Top Shelf stuff too. Espresso machines in the lobby bars - good coffee but strong. Popcorn is available in the afternoon at the lobby bar closest to the pool table. Lobby and pool bar bathrooms are always clean and available. Staff is courteous and learning a few spanish phrases to try with them shows you are courteous too! They are not there to be anyone's slaves and I thought some rude people thought this by their behavior toward the workers. Nice property, beautiful and well kept grounds, pool was clean and cool, hot tubs were warm and bubbly. Only hurricane damage we saw was some holes in the stained glass windows. And on the north side of the resort where guests don't normally go. But that's all. Entertainment staff is enthusiastic and involved. Shows in the amphitheatre each evening from 8 to 10pm. Casino looked fun and the disco is a unique experience. Pool towels are bath sheets - thick and nice. Food in the buffet is good, varied, and if you can't find something you like, you are not looking hard enough. We ate a variety of things and never got sick. You are advised not to drink the tap water though. The restaurants have good food but the system to try to get a reservation is ridiculous and frustrating. Line up early and try to wait out those immature guests that feel the need to orchestrate things to their own ends. Again, a little patience will guarantee you a place and you'll be relaxed to enjoy your meal. Try the drink of the night outside of the Alcazar Buffet - it's an indication of the type of meal they'll serve that night. The folks at the water sports center are very friendly and accomodating - we did an incredible cave dive that I will forever remember. However, the reefs on this side of the island are nothing special, poor visibility, very little fish life and dead coral so don't choose this resort if you are a serious diver. If you want to make the cave dive, you are required to make a reef dive first so your skills can be checked out. (See my review of Bayahibe; this is where we went later in our stay - amazing diving there!) Always easy to find a lounge chair by the pool and on the beach. Some folks in speedos and bikinis on the beach and by the pools that might have made a better swimsuit choice for their body types though! Some topless older women so FYI for the kids. Trapeze and rock climbing wall looked like fun for those that were trying them. Breezes is aptly named as it the wind was always gusting thru but this is good as it kept the air temperature tolerable. Plus I think it probably helped keep the mosquitos away as well. We did take the precautionary drugs just in case. If you'd like to try to bargain with the local vendors, walk right next door from the beach thru the hotel out to the shopping plaza out by the main road. This is a much safer and more scenic walk. Some vendors will negotiate but will play hard ball with you so unless you absolutely can't live without whatever they are selling, prepare to walk away. The vendors that are allowed onto the hotel grounds are extremely pushy and I thought rather rude as well. Don't try the Mama Juana unless you want to drink honey with tree bark and dirt in it! They claim it has an aphrodisiac effect - we didn't notice any difference! The drivers on the roads will make you think they've been drinking as well, close your eyes and pray! The folks at the Guest Services desk are very nice and willing to help. I had a need for an item from a pharmacy and they were willing to call in my request and have it delivered to the resort for me. Overall, I think you will be pleased with your choice if you are going here.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>This was fun and good for kids Just got back from Breezes Punta Cana and had a great time. It is a wonderful resort in a beautiful place. We had a great experience, however there were a few little glitches. Below are details and some additional information.When we first checked in our room number was 2114. You don't want to have a room number starting with 2 or 3 unless you want to hear the casino and live entertainment until 2 or 3am. Our room was filthy, water a tepid trickle and nothing worked very well. It also was located adjacent to the kitchen so odd smells permeated the air.  We asked the front desk to move us the next morning and they did so with no questions asked. We were moved to room 5323 which was perfect. It was on the other side of the hotel away from any noisy areas. We did party and join the activities at the pool and the amphitheater but could get away to our quiet room when we were ready to relax. The room was very clean, water pressure and temperature good and everything was in good repair. I don't know what was going on with that other wing except that there were workmen everywhere replacing furniture repairing things so I guess they just hadn't made it over to that side yet. My advice is check out your room and surroundings first and ask to move immediately if you are not satisfied.  The rooms aren't too luxurious or anything - very basic but fine with very nice balconies. The two beds seem to be doubles - not the singles that they advertise - which is great. The lighting in both rooms was pretty bad. My sister and I are both readers and wished we had brought some sort of lamp.  BRING TONS OF PERSONAL ITEMS. Sunscreen and personal hygiene items are available for purchase but ridiculously expensive. OTC drugs and feminine items are priced like cocaine. Bring everything you think you could possibly need and then a little bit extra for others in need! Check out the little gift shop tucked into the corner by the ATM machine - much better prices than the more visible gift shop.  Bring snacks if you are a snacker. There is tons of food all the time but it is real food. No munchies to be found unless you want to spend $35 on a bag of Doritos in that gift shop. Pringles travel well! Food is OK - not great, but it is unlimited and free so OK is OK. Buffets are adequate. We ate most breakfasts and lunches at the pool buffet because they cook eggs and burgers and stuff right in front of you. The French fries are awesome but the ketchup is funky - I usually dipped them in bbq sauce but I'm a Mom - I'll eat anything! Drinks are fruit punch, Tang (not orange juice as they call it), fresh pineapple juice (DELICIOUS!) and Pepsi products. I drank tap water the whole time and live to tell the tale. No problem. You have to ask for ice though. If you want lemonade, call it lemon juice or you'll get 7-up. BRING BIG INSULATED CUPS. They only have 8 oz. cups there but are willing to fill up whatever size you may have. The coffee cups are for Barbie dolls although the coffee is pretty good. I would fill up three of them and wobble them back to my table. What I wouldn't have given for an empty Venti! The dinner restaurant set up is very messed up. You have to physically be at your restaurant of choice by 5:30 to get in at 6:00 or make reservations for later. We figured out how to send a representative to the restaurant with a couple of drinks and a book to wait it out. Actually, the waiting was kind of fun because everyone else was doing the same thing so many new friends were made in the restaurant line.  Mexican and Dominican were the best in our opinion and didn't need reservations. Japanese was GREAT but always crowded and takes forever. French and Italian are OK but take forever.  Seek out the Mexican bar under the gym. Nobody knows about it so there is never a wait and they have their own food which is perfect for kids and adults. Red wine is undrinkable, white wine is tolerable, beer tastes kind of like Corona, Champagne is tasty and frozen drinks are way dangerous - especially mudslides from the swim-up bar - mmmmmmmm. BEWARE: No OJ to be found - it is TANG! Again, bring your own American-sized cups. The beach is fantastic, although quite windy last week. Reserve chairs early both at the beach and the pool. The pool is wonderful - perfect temperature, HUGE, beautiful and where the action is. Activities and entertainment are great -very fun and no pressure. There are lots of naked chests on the beach, bring your binoculars or blinders depending on your prudeness level. Everyone seemed to be adequately clothed at the pool. There is a very cool ship wreck out in the water if you walk down the beach to the East. All in all it was great and the initial problems were remedied by the staff. I will bring my kids with me next year.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Job Guys! I just discovered this site now, but oh well better late than never!We went here for our honeymoon in 2003, and we had a great time.The only thing that could have been improved was the nightlife, there really wasn't much of one, other than the shows ( which we did enjoy) and the disco which was beautiful ( and excellent music) but empty. It was a nice relaxing vacation, the food was awesome, we dined at each of the restarants and the buffet, and loved the fact that ithere was 24 hour food and drinks! The staff was super friendly to us, as was everyone there!We enjoyed late night walks on the beautiful sandy beach and, fine dining and we took the day trip to the capital, Santa Domingo. It was cool to see other parts of the country, we also went through la Romana and a few other places ( can't remember) we did pit stops in little markets along the way, ( my advice, if you wanna buy something, wait till you get off the resort, you will get a way better deal! ) We went to the Cave with the three eyes ( I belive thats what it was called ) It is the biggest cave I have ever seen, there are stairs walking doen, there are 3 lakes located inside the cave! It was something I have never seen before, breathtaking! We went to see the lighthouse, the Columbus house and also dined out in Santa Domingo in a beautiul little restarant, (I included in the price of the trip) We had an awesome time and would reccomend it to anyone!  
<Date>Feb 23, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't Bother We stayed at Breezes Feb 6-13th. I would not recommend this hotel, it wasn't extremely horrible, but wasn't good. RoomsOur first room had a less than average view, it was below par for cleanliness and appearance. The second day we had no toilet in our room, a water line broke. The third day our bathroom ceiling was leaking-who knows what. Needless to say they didn't come running to fix it, eventually the leak stopped for a couple of hours, than started again, they still didn't fix it. After a lot of hassle we finally we switched to something decent. From what we were told by our Air Transat rep once we got there they are aware the rooms are not great-but all rooms are evenly matched.FoodThe Alcazar buffet was a waste of time. Very little selection. Maybe 3-4 main dishes, 3 kinds of pasta, one type of roast (beef lamb etc.) and soup, bread and cheese. Most of the food was cold. The pool and mexican buffets were much better. A la carte restaurants were all good, but hard to get into to. When the doors open at 6 they take people in to eat right away if you wish and if you are close enough to the front of the line (be there at 5 and stand infront of the door-don't sit on the couches, you'll never get in) They also take the reservations for the rest of the night at that time, so someone could be waiting in line for an hour at 5 pm to make a reservation to come back for supper at 9pm. If you happened to get to the restaurant at 6:30 it would be full (by full I mean as many people as they were letting in, half of the seats in the restaurants remained empty all night) for the rest of the night and you couldn't get in. The Marlin Steakhouse and the Mexican Restaurant were easier to get into than the others.DrinksNot great. The drinks that are supposed to be tart or bitter turn out sweet, the sweet drinks turn out extra sweet. I don't even have a recommendation for a drink you have to try when you get there, just find something you can tolerate. We nicknamed some of the bartenders Dodge, because as soon as someone approached they we turn around and pretend to be busy, we've never been to a place were it's so hard to get a drink.StaffFor the most part less than friendly, especially front desk, bar staff, and pool towel staff. We've been to DR twice before and always found the people friendly-must just be Breezes.PoolFine, except for the pot lights that were attached to wires and floating in the pool-not kidding I saw at least three lights floating and working, and didn't get into the pool until about mid week. BeachWindy enough that we never did get in the water, in the one week we were there the banana boat/kayaks were not out once. Saw the green flag was up for about 1/2 hour one morning.GroundsNot well landscaped. Dirty, always garbage to be found and not all was from the tourists. There was a Kitchen/BBQ grate beside the one garbage can when we got there, it was still there when we left.EntertainmentSame old, but not the worst I've seen. And even though our room was close to the amphitheatre the shows were done by 10:30 every night so it wasn't a problem.Needless to say we won't be staying at another Breezes, and definetly not at Breezes Punta Cana. If it's not too late, book somewhere else and save yourself from a below par vacation.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rx007
<Content>UnderRated at 4 Star This Breezes is absolutely first class. Was there for one week returning home on Jan 31, 2005. The layout of the hotel was magnificent. If you are into beach and pool, then this is where you want to be. Plenty of pool space and more than enough chairs for anyone at anytime. Never a problem getting a good location. The beach area, same comments, plenty of chairs and beach was magnificent. The White Sandy beaches of the Dominican easily beat out Mexico and Jamaica.The food selection was beyond compare. They have six restaurants on the resort. Mexican,Japanese,Italian,French,Dominican and Seafood. They also have one that is open 24 hours for fast food selections. Not to mention they have the main buffet which you can pick from as well.You can call your own shots with activities. Depends on how active you want to be; whether it's watching the evening entertainment on their main stage, going to their casino, or simply listening to music in the evening by the piano bar.The drinks are all brand name drinks--order what you want-when you want, The main beer they serve is Presidente.The kids can enjoy the pool, beach, trapeze, rock wall climbing, volleyball, pool volleyball and water polo. Always something to do...or go off on excursions, horseback riding, para sailing, and many water activities.The personnel really go out of their way to make you feel welcome. I have been to many resorts and I must say this resort is underated at 4 star. Should be at least a 5 or 6 star rating.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2005
<Rating>5	3	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place! Feb 10- 18 2005 We stayed at Breezes from Feb 10-18 2005 and had a great time. We were two couples and a single (great single rate). The food was wonderful and there was a lot of variety and the drinks were flowing. They say not to tip but every now and again indiscreetly we did. The swim up bar and lobby bars had the friendliest staff. (if Junior Perez is on shift at the swim up bar he will make everyone feel special. Ask him to play some country music and he will gladly do it as I left my cd's with him). It was not a problem to have a full glass of Baileys or Grand Marnier for no extra charge. They say wine only for dinner but we never had a problem having a glass at anytime and the red Don Mendos (Spanish) is good as well as the champagne. Best beach we have been to and lots of shade if you want it.If you are worried about the mosquitos don't, we never saw one. We had all the shots, pills and deet just in case. You are allowed to go to every a la carte restaurant ( 3 are enclosed rooms, 1 is on the sand and one is by the pool and they are quite good but the only complaint is the way you have to reserve. People line up at about 5:30 p.m. and they start to take bookings at 6 p.m. We never bothered but would show up around 8:45 and one of the restaurants would take us. If not the Mexican seemed to always have room and the food is delicious and there is a romantic atmosphere. All in all, with reading all the reviews we went with low expectations but came back very satisfied and will be back to Breezes Punta Cana. P.S. go to the dollar store where you live and bring crayons, pencils, tooth paste, coloring books etc for the staffs kids and they will love you for for it Leave your aspirin and items they can't get with them too.MMMRC Vancouver, Canada  
<Date>Feb 19, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MazdaLee
<Content>A Great Vacation We spent 2 weeks at Breezes January 27th to February 10th 2005. From the previous reviews on this site of Breezes I have to say from my experience I generally agree with the positive reviews, and did not experience any of the negatives that have been posted. We had a great vacation, and I would recommend this resort.Check In: Went well for a bus load of people. We received two keys, towel cards, and a safe key (no charge) Our room was ready because we were checking in at 10:00 pm. From the complaints that I have read about check in, I have to say if your flight is coming in the morning or early afternoon, don't expect your room to be ready before 3:00 pm. Just like any other hotel in the world there are check in and check out times, and there is a reason for it - it's called turnover. Our room was fine, we had an ocean and garden view and the area was pretty quiet. Some areas of the hotel could be quite noisy as all the hallways are breezeways that are open to all the floors and they are ceramic tiled. So it gives off quite the echo.Weather: During the day it was usually very warm and sunny, but windy. There were only a couple of days that the boogie boards were allowed out, and in the entire two weeks the catamarans and kayaks never went out once. But it was still a lot of fun in the water with the waves. I found the evenings to be very chilly. Again very windy in the evenings and the bars and theatre are all in the open or by a breezeway. I would definitely suggest a sweater or sleeves for the evening. Alot of people especially the European ladies dressed to the nines in the evening.Beach: The beach is beautiful; they work daily to keep it clean from the debris that the tide brings in and the garbage that lazy guests leave laying around. The beach is great for walking; you can walk for miles down the beach past the other resorts. There was always chairs available on the beach at any time of day. In fact Breezes has so many chairs available that the guests from the resort next door drag the Breezes chairs over to their resort. We also saw many people from next door come over and use the Breezes chairs. So, if your on the beach and there appear to be no chairs available check out the wrist band colour of the people sitting on the right side of the beach near the next resort - they are in your chairs. Security is aware of the problem but people are very sneaky and brazen.Restaurants: The restaurants and the buffets were always good. Most people do abide by the dress code. We did see them enforce it at the main buffet -men need to wear a shirt with sleeves, muscle shirts were not allowed. We ate at 4 of the 6 specialty restaurants; French, Italian, Japanese, and the Grill. We did not do the Dominican or the Mexican. Getting into the resaurants was an unbelievable experience. Because of the booking process which is non existent, it is first come first serve, many people are in line an hour before the restaurant opens. And once that door opens watch out, it's a stampede of pushing and shoving adults trying to get a new place in line. One night at the French restaurant we watched a shouting match between guests turn physical over a place in line. I believe the hotel has to revisit the booking process, but listening to other guest gloat over how clever they are in cheating the system by using other room numbers to get into the restaurants more times than they are suppose to does not help the situation either.Entertainment: It is pretty much non existent, they do have the nightly shows and they do try very hard, some people seemed to enjoy it. If you like to gamble the casino is nice. But, don't expect this resort to entertain you; you will have to keep yourself entertained with the people that you are with or the people that you meet. They have alot of sitting areas throughout the 2 lobby bars where people would be sitting having drinks, or playing cards, or pool. And the two outside bars are pretty quiet too, just tables and chairs.Shopping: The first area of shopping that is available to you is a couple of boutiques in the hotel, very expensive. Then every couple of nights a market comes in and sets up by the pool. About ten different vendors selling the usual paintings, jewllery, and wood sculptures. These guys can get pretty pushy and annoying, and their prices start pretty high. The first week that we were there, there was an area about a 10 minute walk down the beach where vendors were set up, but they had closed down and moved during our second week. According to a local taxi driver the government is closing down the beach vendors and moving them inland. There is now a new plaza inland beside the Grand Paradise which is right beside Breezes. You can walk to it by going on the street past the Breezes gate to the left. Or on the beach right beside the Grand Paradise there is now a sign for the plaza and a taxi will pick you up free of charge and drive you through a construction site (home of a new 2000 room resort opening in December 2005) to the market and then taxi you back to the beach. It's about a 2 minute ride. And there is also the shopping at the Bavaro Plaza. A one way taxi to the plaza from Breezes is $12.00 US. If your into walking along the beach, the Bavaro Plaza is about an hour and 15 minute walk from Breezes. There was also another beach market way down that way but I don't know if they have since been shut down.Free Gift: If you want a free gift and you have about 20 minutes to spare, go see the VIP Breezes Rep. at the front lobby and listen to their talk on a travel plan thats pretty similar to a time share. Cigars, rum, shirts, messages are a few of the choices of a gift. It's pretty painless if you know how to say no thank you after 20 minutes, or you might actually be interested in their promotion.Internet: There is an internet room at the resort with about 10 computers. There are different plans of minutes to purchase. We purchased 60 minutes for $12.00 US. If there is such a thing as slower than dial-up, then that is what they have here. We probably had 30 minutes max. of actual online computer time the rest of our time was used up waiting to connect. But I guess $12.00 for 30 minutes is still reasonable considering. Telephone: Our Transat rep. was selling calling cards for $5.00 US for 17 minutes. This is a very good deal, and we dialed direct from our room. We actually purchased two cards as it worked out better than the internet fees. We were also able to use our cell phone (Telus Mobility) to phone back to Alberta. I don't know the cost as the bill has not arrived yet, but it is doable.Conclusion: The improvements to this resort are ongoing, both inside and out. The staff work very long and hard, and they are extremely helpful and nice. We enjoyed our time at this resort, the weather was good, the food and drinks plentiful, the beach and pool are fabulous, and it was what we were looking for in a relaxing slow paced winter vacation in the sun.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2005
<Rating>4	5	2	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We would never go back!!!! To sum it up in two words: unfriendly  boring  The beach and resort was beautiful, the food was good but it was far overshadowed by the fact that the staff was unfriendly, unhelpful and downright rude.   We constantly had problems with our room from the moment we arived, starting with the fact we didn't have a room when we arrived. They blamed it on the travel agent not confirming the room when we had confimation numbers. When we did get a room, it was in a remote corner of the complex while the rest of our group was oceanside. If we hadn't complained, we probably would have been there the whole stay. When we did get moved oceanside (after wasting two days), it never got better, there was one problem after another and we were never taken care of.   The resort is boring. There is nothing to do but sit by the pool or the ocean and drink. There was little or no activities during the day and none at night unless you enjoy boring night shows in the ampitheatre or a fake diso. We expected carribean music outside and other fun acitivities. The resort is isolated so there is no place to go unless you paid $60-$85 to go on a tour of different kinds. On the subject of the tours. I highly suggest taking the monster buggy tour and the snorkeling/party boat. Even a 14 year old enjoyed both. However under any circumstance DO NOT I REPEAT DO NOT do the swimming with the dolphins at Manatee park, it is a rip-off!!!! You pay $70 each to swim 5-10 min with 3 dolphins in a 30 x 30 pool   The bar staff was unattentive and unfriendly and it was a chore to even get a beer let alone a tropical cocktail. There wasn't a waitstaff to take drink orders if you were around the pool.   The pool was beautiful as was the swim-up pool bar. The hot tubs never worked  To sum it up, I would never stay at another Breezes Resort nor would I refer it, if this is the norm for their operation. On top of it all, 28 out of 30 of us got sick during our stay.  If you want to pay $1,200 or more to get a tan, I suggest it otherwise avoid it.   
<Date>Feb 9, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>thehotterthebest
<Content>Xmas will never be the same Spent Xmas at the Superclub Breezes in Punta Cana with my husband and three young adults for one week returning New Year's evening. Because our direct was cancelled, Transat Air made arrangements for us to travel a day earlier that was originally booked coming out of Toronto. So to make a long story short, my family did not spend New Years Eve as planned, in Punta Cana but were in the air instead. This however did not reflect how we felt about the resort.  This was our second Superclub Breezes we've spent our vacation at and they certainly keep up to their expectations.   The lobby and lights were awesome. When you entered the resort into the lobby, there was a gigantic decorated Xmas tree that was just beautiful.   The only sour note was when we first arrived. Check in was a major confusion and it took hours to get suitable cleaned rooms. I don't know if this was because it was Xmas Eve and we were a day earlier or exactly what happened. But the next day, the staff took care of us. Upon talking to other guests they too experienced check in problems. We did after notice though that many rooms were still under construction due to water damage from the previous hurricane so this was probably due to the shortage of rooms.  The resort is awesome. We had a room in Bldg 4 overlooking the pool with an oceanview.   The food was great and we discovered that the beach bar restaurant in the evening became a great place to have steak and lobster without reservations. In all resorts, we find the buffet food exactly that...and after a few days everything seems to taste the same. There was a great 24 hour grill and bar that made excellant pizzas.  Being in Punta Cana before, we knew the beach and the water would be breath taking and it proved correct again. There is an endless white sand beach that it seems you can walk forever.  Lots to do at this resort as any Superclub offers with the same theme restaurants and activities.   The few times we spent in Punta Cana the weather was awesome as were the resorts we choose.   Who could find something to complain about, spending Xmas laying on a beach soaking up the sun with their family? In a yet, beautiful resort. The kids (ages 17, 20 and 21) didn't seem to mind that there were no presents under the tree! They did get a little stocking with a camera and some sun screen.  A Xmas not to forget!   
<Date>Feb 8, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great familly vacation After reading some reviews of the breezes, I decided to write my own to put things in perspectives.  First, for all canadians readers, remember that canadians are more open to accept different cultures than americans which could explain some of the very bad critics.  We are a famillly of four and my two kids ( 3 and 6 ) had a great time during our two weeks vacation. We met other famillies and the crowd on the beach is very friendly.  The food is good for the carabian but not something I would accept throughout the year.  Excellent evening activities and great sports activities for kids and adults   
<Date>Feb 8, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not what I expected My husband, myself and another couple spent a week at Breezes January 20th to the 28th. We landed in Punta Cana at 9am (5am our time) after a 6 hour flight, it was nice to land in warm breezy weather. When we got to our resort I'd been up for 22 hours traveling and I was ready for a shower and a couple hour nap. When we got to the lobby there was a big lineup and when we finally made it to the counter they checked us in and asked us to come back at 2pm because our room wasn't ready. Pardon me?! I said. I couldn't believe it. I'm tired, I'm hungry and I need a shower and you want me to come back in 5 hours? I was totally not impressed with that. That is something they definately need to adress. After a snooze on the beach and a snack I felt a bit better. So, we got our room and upon opening the door we were not totally impressed. The rooms are sort of small as are the beds. And our shower only had a trickle of cold water coming out. We had the shower fixed and everything seemed better. Until the next morning at about 5am. Our room was facing the ocean, which was nice, but below our deck was an access door for the workers and thier carts which they run over the tile floor. That was pretty noisey and we ended up moving to another room.The restaurant food was excellent. We went to the buffet for breakfast and lunch but dinner was definately better at the restaurants. The Japanese was excellent as was the French. We LOVED the Japanese the best.We also did alot of excursions. The one I highly recommend is Saona Island. I believe the cost is $70 per person. They pick you up at the resort on a bus and its about an hour trip bus so worth it. You go out on a speed boat to a sand reef way off shore and it's only 3.5-4feet deep. After a rum and coke it's off to Saona Island. When you see it you'll agree it's paradise. Absolutely beautiful ocean and beach. Lunch is wonderful and the ride back on a catamaran sail boat is great! Very much worth the $70!We also did an ATV tour, swam with sharks and stingrays and went on a tour of sugar cane fields, a farm, beach and horseback ride. We found all this information by going to our meeting the first day we arrived. Go to this information session! Your tour operator will be of much help during this meeting. All in all, it was worth the money to go to Punta Cana. We had to remind ourselfs that the Domincans are laid back and don't take anything too seriously. Be patient when it comes to asking for things like towels. We also had to remind ourselfs that the hurricanes did extensive damage to these hotels. The people are still working hard to get things back to working order. We met a couple who spent 2 weeks at Breezes last year and loved it so much they came back this year but they were disappointed. They said the food isnt as good, the service isnt as good and the resort overall took a beating from the hurricanes. They said it used to be clean enough to walk around in bare feet all day and not get dirty feet. That's not the case now. I would wait about a year before I went back to this resort because by then they might have it fixed to perfection and we wouldn't have to listen to hammering and drilling. Although, I would imagine all the resorts in this area are under reconstruction.I would say, if you want to relax, go to Breezes. There is not much in the way of partying but it was still fun!  
<Date>Feb 7, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jane094
<Content>Don't spoil your vacation! The food was AWFUL, and the bar beverages just as bad! We two were sick most of 2 weeks there from Jan 13th to 27th, 2005. Afraid to eat almost anything as we may re-contaminate oursleves with bad food. Most everyone that had been there anytime was turning up their noses at the food on the buffet's, and the longer term guests plates were barely full enough to keep one sustained. Bar beverages VERY inconsistant even from the same bartender, and never the same. I question that at times that they were of a toxic mix. We lived on PB and jam for breakfast, bread and soup if it was good for dinner, and popcorn fromt he Sports bar until it blew up as it was the only reliable food, and too many people on that diet. A La Carte menu food not much better. Poor quality meat for what they advertised at filet, poor quality seafood. DON'T WASTE YOUR VACATION THERE! Good people with good service without flashing cash, but the sickness from the food and drinks are not worth all inclusive . NOT A 4 STAR FOR SURE!!!!  
<Date>Feb 6, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awesome time Just returned from 1 week at this resort. Great place for relaxation. Super beach, lots of lounge chairs, great drinks, restaurants good. Never felt like it was over crowded. Tried the Japanese and French Restaurants, both were excellent. Don't forget dress code for these restaurants, especially the men. Buffet was good, Merlin's beside pool great for all day grazing. Rooms were very clean. A few problems with plumbing, but nothing they didn't look after. Staff were excellent all of the time. They love for you to call them by name. We never left the resort, except to go to beach flea market. Great bartering! Great beach to walk/jog on. Very windy each day. Had one day of rain. Don't forget most drinks are coconut based, a natural laxative, bring Pepto or Imodium. Don't forget your sunscreen, a thermo type mug, hat, a floaty type toy, book and you will be set. Would go back in a heart beat!  
<Date>Feb 5, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>skipper
<Content>Fantastic place! will definately go back! Couldn't say enough good things about this resort! Everything was fantastic! Food was good (way better than Mexico). Out of 16 nights we found the buffet not so good on only two nights, but I am a very picky eater. The Japanese and French and Grill were fantastic! Went to Japanese 3 x's !! (note if you go more than once try using someone else's room number, other wise you only get one main item instead of two), no big deal but it helps. The grounds and pool area are huge and very well kept. Didn't need to get up at the crack of dawn to save seats there was always some around, and we think the place was at least 80% full. The rooms are standard, nothing fancy but very clean, and maids are great. They say tipping gets them fired, what a crock! tip discreetly and you'll have a wonderful time. Our Pal didn't tip much and was still happy, we tipped a fair amount (average $10.00 us a day between the two of us) and had incredible service from everyone. We also try to spread it around a bit so everyone gets a little something. Brought a whole suitcase full of pencils and crayons etc as well as nail polish and goodies, but I think they get a little over supplied, try and be creative and take something different. One of the outings we were on (Quads on beach $55) takes you threw a village and all we seen was pencils all over the place. I'll take small change for the kids next time instead of trinkets. Did the helicopter trip as well $230.00 us for 1/2 hour but worth it if you have a video camera.One small problem with the TV and they were there the next day and had it fixed (showed up five minutes after the call and looked at) Note: there's a trick to the remote so ask at the front desk!, pal was there for two weeks before us and told me it didn't work, Ha ha all you have to do is ask. Front desk can wear a bit on the nerves, but a smile gets you just about anything. All the Bar staff and servers are very friendly and really work hard for the money they make. Keep in mind there a busy resort , don't expect to get your room till at least 3pm, the very earliest. We lucked out and got pals room who was leaving that night so all was well. The Transat reps were wonderful, very helpful. Take US cash in small denominations, you cannot get US $ from anyone down here, reps will swap for different bills but only in that currency. I used the bank machine for peso's , no problem at all. The beach is fantastic, very clean, didn't see any garbage, except for a couple of rude Quebec'ers throwing stuff away (got the blood boiling) when they were 15 feet from a garbage can. Waves are very strong at times but water is warm and clean, great walking beach! The pool was great, some said it was cold, but we enjoyed it. There is stools at the swim up bar, only on one side. Met some wonderful people Hi to Don, Linda,, Mike and Laurie, Chris and Amy, Ian and Kris...... to many to list. Very large resort, over buy the rock climbing wall I found the lunch snacks the best of all, pizza and chicken wings were great! Buffets have enough variation to feed anyone. Drinks flowed freely (lots of international flavors)just have to ask. Only 2 complaints for me was tub drain wasn't that good if you used full pressure while showering (everyone said same), don't like standing in dirty shower water, and they ran out of beer for about 15 minutes one day!! Ha Ha. Two weeks was not enough for the wife and I, should have booked three. Had 2 1/2 days of cloud and some rain but quite enjoyed the break from the HOT sun. Had Malaria pills and never took, seen 4 mostitos the entire time, used a little bit of the spray on cloudy nights just to be safe. Over all I give it a 9 1/2 out of 10. Oh yes, take things like chocolate bars and chips,peanuts if you like snacky things there 100 x's the price at the resort.  
<Date>Feb 2, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Resort, Amazing Beach would Recommend... Before my husband, my parents' and I booked our trip we read all the reviews of this resort. Now, some are bad, some are ok and some are good. We took a chance.First off, my husband and I have been south 3 times previous to this trip, once to Jamaica and twice to Cuba. We stayed at the Sandals family resort which were between 4.5* - 5+*.This resort is given 4* and we would agree with that. The airport was smooth, we said no to the bag handlers and they didn't bother you after that. Got to the bus no problem and got to our resort fine.Check-in was fast. We had asked to be in the same area as my parent's and we were, only being 1 floor apart.By the time we got our bags, we went to the 24hr bar/restaurant to have a little something to eat. The wings are really good there and it is funny that you would eat wings in the DR.All restaurants are good and I am a picky eater. The buffet is a buffet. You do tend to get the same stuff at breakfast and lunch but there are other restaurants available for those two meals so you have a choice. Supper at the buffet had a different theme night each night. We didn't eat at the buffet that much for supper but when we did it was good.We all liked the French and Italian restaurants. Like some of the other reviews stated, it is best to go to the restaurants around 5:30pm to get you reservations for that night. Personally, my husband and I really appreciated this system and we found even in the 5* star resorts we have been to was extremely hard to get reservations for a la cart restaurants.The room was what we expected for a 4* resort. It was clean, had a great view of the ocean and an ok size. There was a few things we didn't like about the room.1. there are not enough rooms with king size beds2. the beds are really really hardAs for the maid service, they are overworked so don't get mad when they forget something, just ask and you will get it. Why get mad on vacation? We had issues getting our mini bar filled. We went to our tour agent and she made the call for us and it got filled. My parents' didn't have a issue after that with their mini bar but we did. So, instead of going to the tour agent everyday, which by the way the mini bars get stocked around 4pm, we would see our maid in the hall everytime we would get back from our day in the sun and just go to her cart and get whatever we wanted.They are working really hard to get this hotel back to what it was before the hurricane last year. You have to understand that they do take their time which can be funny to watch. We seen this worker fixing some steps, he worked on them the whole week we were there and finally got done the last day of our trip! Relax you are on vacation, if all that stuff is bothering you, then go ask to speak to a manager.The pool is amazing. Very clean and have the best workers there. If you go, look for Franklin, he is the nicest guy and it was so sad to say bye to him. He is a hard worker and very easy to talk to. The beach is great but the waves are crazy. I have never seen water so choppy. If you go to the beach and go right for about 20mins there is a market. We went there a few times and got good deals. Cheapy Cheapy. You usually can cut them down at least 40%. The bad thing, one day we were there and the cops showed up. They are getting kicked off the beach as the resorts are complaining that they are not getting business at their shops. Gee I wonder why? So, the guys told us at the market that they are moving about 2kms inland and I am sure you can get a taxi there no problem and well worth the taxi drive.We all went on an excursion. We decided to go on the Baravo Runners tour. We all recommend that. It is a day trip and well worth it. You see so much, sugar cane fields, go up the mountains and see a house, see how coffee, vanilla and coca are grown, stop to give kids some treats (oh bring little treats for the kids, they love them, best gift for them are pencils and school supplies) go to a ranch for dinner which you can go horseback riding and see some amazing animals, short stop at a cigar museum and to a beach before going back to the resort. ****IMPORTANT**** If you go, try to request Jacky Chan as your tour guide. This guy is truly amazing. He works as a tour guide during the day and is going to university to be a doctor through the night. His real name is Alex but so was the bus drivers so he goes by Jacky Chan and trust me, you mention that name and everyone knows who you are talking about.The guys went golfing one day, a little pricey but worth the experience. You can rent everything you need at the golf course and it is not manatory to have a caddy.There is a kids program at this resort that seems to be good. We didn't have kids with us but did notice them in groups through out the resort. The shows at night were ok, my parents' really enjoyed them as they have never been south before. One of the nights is called Mystery night, don't go, it really sucks and they have loud bangs at the end of every part of the show.I think that is all I can think of. I am sure I could go on and on. The weather was ok but not the best and that is Mother Nature's fault not Breezes!!  
<Date>Feb 2, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Mixed emotions We have just returned from our first all-inclusive experience, and first time in the DR. We loved the beach, and were fortunate with the weather. We found it quite breezy (hotel is aptly named) and in 14 days never had an opportunity to get out on the tubes or kayaks. The hotel wore on us after a while. 14 days was too long. The room was OK, but the location was poor. They are doing renovation work in many parts of the hotel. We were woken on our first morning to the sound of sledgehammers and saws in the next bedroom! You could feel the vibrations in bed. Not a good start. When I pressured the front desk staff for a change I found them to be less than accomodating. In all, they were downright truculent. The other staff were much nicer. Some very friendly indeed, especially to our little guy. Strange, you'd think the front-line folks would be the nicest (?). We ended up staying in the room as my parents were meeting us down there and we wanted to be close to their room too. As it turned out, their room was horribly musty. We ended up staying put. Another knock against our location was the proximity to the amphitheater. We could hear the loud (and generally lo-grade) entertainment but couldn't see it. It was a problem for us trying to get our two-year old to bed at a decent hour. Way too loud. What I saw of the entertainment was generally not too good. They try hard, but...The tumblers were awesome though. We found the food generally good. The a la cartes were good, and a nice break from the buffet. Getting into the Italian restaurant was riduculously hard, and turned out to be our least favourite by far. Hit and miss by the sounds of it. The pool was very nice. A good facility for little ones especially. Overall we had a really good trip. In retrospect, the main reasons for that didn't have much to do with the hotel though. Would we go back to the DR? Some day. Would we return to Breezes? No.  
<Date>Feb 2, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Time-incredible beach Just returned from Breezes. Stayed from Jan27-31(4 nights-5 days). I'm 31yr/m went w/ 26 year old girlfriend from New York. Was concerned w/ reviews but was pleasantly suprised the value I got for $900/all inclusive. I think the biggest problem is peoples expectations. if you want 5 star treatment-go to Secrets or another resort. If you want an incredible beach/pool/clean rooms/endless strong drinks  a relaxing place this is the place to go.Check in:Travel Rep was waiting at airports  put us in a minivan w/ 4 other couples. Drive took 35 minutes. Landscape/Poverty is very depression but once we saw the beach:) Waited 3 minutes to check in. I have read reviews stating that they will upgrade you to a ocean/beach view for free after a day staying in the garden view. We were given a garden view. Front desk clerk said he would see what he could do- I slipped in $20 bucks-then was given another key to a beautiful oceanfront room. FYI Don't put $ on the counter in plain viewRoom. Very clean. 2 double beds. Refrigerator stocked w/ water  Pepsi. Great deck off the room w/ great views. Beds comfortable. Shower:good pressure but had cold water 1 night from 5-7pm. Realized this is a 3rd world country  didn't complainBeach:Georgeous. always able to find beach chairs  we often went to beach around 10am. Pool very cleanfood:Found the buffet prettty good. Lots of varietyItalian restaurant was always packed. Never went + had to dress up*Go to Marlin restaurant(pool bar during day)get there at 5:45pm. Usually will tell you to leave room number come back in 30 minutes. Get a drink at bar. We went twice. 4 course meal. Steak + Lobster. i ordered twice one night-no problem-just ask.Mexican restaurant:Pretty good. served coronas. sit you quick. I'm not a huge fan of mexican though. Bottom line:Food should not be the reason you come here. People seemed to be complaining alot. *Bring Pepto/Tums. My girlfriend felt ill 1 night(she's always had a weak stomach)Not sure where she caught it-but was fine the next day. Outdoor Bartenders are GREAT. Good moods. Indoor bartenders seem miserable. They are very slow indoors. You have to ask them directly or they won't help you. I gave $5 american to a great bartender outside the first day. I never had to wait again. They make their drinks very STRONG! Besides that-I never felt the need to tip. always decent service.Americans:Be prepared to see alot of Naked people. some good/some bad. Canadian people were very nice. Meet alot of great people from Onterero. I hope i don't sound ignorant-but some of the Europeans were loud  obnoxious on the beach. i wanted peace  quiet-oh well just put on IPOD. Always something to do. Horeshews/volleyball/dance competitions/pool tables. Activity commitee was great.Nighttime entertainment alright. Put on a Michael jackson show/comedy.Disco:avoid. smells funny(in basement).Singles:seemed to be alot of couples. Not sure i would go to hook up if i was single. Hope this helps. I would return  
<Date>Feb 1, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Worst All Inclusive Resort (1/23/05 - 1/30/05) This has to be the worst all inclusive I have ever been to. The food was horrible! Everything was over salted or greasy. In order to get bottled water or soda you must go through the bartenders and wait due to the slow service. The staff want tips for service and stand around and talk to each other most of the time. The hotel was old and not well maintained. We had a storm while there and the roof leaked into the room. Hot water was a luxury. They turn OFF the hot water late at night to save it for the day time usage. I don't know who thinks the pool is clean, they did not see it using goggles - YUCK. The casino is a joke - especially if you are playing black jack - you will never win!If you dont like good food or fine service/accomodations you will like it here. The ocean beaches are beautiful.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Stay We have just returned from a two weeks stay at the Breezes and we liked the resort, it is the one of the nicest over there as we walked one day down the beach to check them out, and the only other one that we've liked better was the Bahia which is right after the flea market donw the beach (15-20 min walk). Bahia also has a small shopping center within the resort so if you are looking for something a little bit nicer than the flea market or Plaza Bavaro, go there.The resort looks nice, rooms are ok, and they also have the suites if you travel with kids, which are much bigger. Every room has a balcony and 75% of them have a full or a partial ocean view. We did not have any problems with the room maintenance, everything worked just fine. You get what you pay for. Beds are not very comfortable, we wished that we brought our own pillows but we adjusted after a while. We've liked the food a lot, and we do not understand why people complain, selection is big plus how much can you realy eat on all that heat. No mosquitos, but we did have our sprays and malaria medicine just in case. Service was fine, yes - they are slow and you have to push for things and sometimes wait a little bit longer but we got everything we wanted, and staff is overall friendly and happy. Entairtainment was ok, 14 different shows each night, they try hard. We've liked the best Alcazar restaurant - buffet and Italian, French was ok as well, did not try Japanese. Lots of fresh fruits!Beach is very nice, always enough chairs and shades, ocean/sea is a little bit rough but we've discovered that just a 100m down the beach the water is much more calm and no big waves (right at the end of the Grand PAradise resort which is ajdacent to Breezes).We did not have a very good weather, 5 days were sunny and the rest partialy cloudy/cloudy and it rained for two days. It was also very windy so make sure that you have a hat as well as some long sleeves sweter for the evenings as it can be a bit cooler.Downside - there is nothing to do or see outside of the resorts zone. We went to Menati park - was ok, nothing exciting, and also all the day trips are a little bit overpriced, Mexico and Cuba are much cheaper. Saona Islands day trip is very nice, they also recommend Bavaro runners but I don't think it is a very good tour for those that have problems with sinuses, colds etc. as the draft in the track is almost perfect to get a paralysis of a facial nerve....We were disappointed with Air Transat, food service is miserable for such a long flight as well as the seat size is inadequate, they should have an airbus and not the small charter plane for a flight that is 8 hrs long.We would go back, but overall, maybe not in January 'cause the wather wasn't all that best, we also thought that our trip to Cuba was nicer, there is much more to see and do.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nukesul
<Content>Superclubs less than Super January 15-22, 2005OverviewThis is only my second trip to an all-inclusive resort so my observations are not made with a whole lot of past experience. I wanted to post a review to help others since I found this site to be very helpful in preparing myself for this trip. When reading over all the past reviews I found it incredible that some would say this resort was 5 star while others found it to be terrible. From my experience I found it to be somewhere in between the two extremes. In short, while this resort has huge potential to be excellent, it falls well short of that mark. Keeping that in mind, if you are unwilling to roll with the punches the resort is bound to give you, steer clear of this resort. My biggest complaints are with the food quality and selection and secondly with the service/infrastructure. On the up side, this resort is in an excellent location, has lots to do and has some great facilities.TravelWe flew from Ottawa to Punt Cana on a West Jet flight chartered by Air Transit. No problems here. Again West Jet exceeded my expectations. Transfers at the airport were without issue. All those reports of the baggage handlers are unfounded as far as I am concerned. Just ignore them if you don???t want help.Check InCheck in at Breeze???s was ok. We were travelling for a wedding so there was fairly large group of us. The rooms were supposed to be together but when we got ours we found we were about as far as we could get from our friends. This is a large resort so being on the other side would have been very inconvenient. We asked to be moved and were accommodated. We were given a new room number which was subsequently switched again when the people in that room decided to stay an extra night. This was the first example of how we felt this hotel was merely fighting fires with respect to service.RoomsThe rooms were nothing special but comfortable enough. The original room we were given (Building 1) had two twin beds. This would have left my wife and I on separate beds as these beds are small. This room was also in a poorer state of repair and from all the construction in this area of the building it would seem that this area was hardest hit by the hurricanes or at least the last area to be repaired. We were moved to Building 6 where are friends were. It seems that most of this building had king beds. These rooms were much nicer overall than the other area.Again service was less than perfect in the rooms. Nothing I couldn't live with but definitely not 4 star. Towels were inconsistently dispersed with some days having a full allotment and others not. We went a couple days without hand towels and facecloths. It seemed as if they would give you the towels if they had some but if not, tough luck. Obviously the cleaners were overworked. In our friends room they had trouble getting their bar fridge restocked despite leaving a tip with the empties as a subtle hint after the replenishment card was ignored. Tip was taken. No restock though. In our other friends room it took 4 days to get a clock.FacilitiesGenerally well kept however again I was left with the impression that they were merely fighting fires to keep up. As previously mentioned this is a big place so some areas did suffer. Lots of construction work was ongoing while we were there. The pool was awesome very big with a depth of about 4 feet throughout. There is also kids area. It was great standing around in the sunshine having a few cold ones. Make sure to get a couple drinks at a time though since it could be slow getting another drink especially if there were a lot of fancy drink orders.ServiceEveryone seemed to make an effort and everyone seemed to be working hard, in fact too hard. I think they were staffed at minimum and to be honest many of the workers seemed tired. You may have to wait for something but generally it was more because there were not enough servers to handle the people. In addition all the workers seemed to have a job and wouldn't stray from it. I stood at a bar once while 4 workers ignored me. Apparently they weren't bartenders or waitresses so they couldn't poor me a beer.BarsLots of booze available including high end stuff if asked for by name. Service could be slow as already mentioned so order a couple at a time. One thing I found odd was that for much of our stay the beer was coming from bottles. It would seem to me that kegs would have been far more efficient. This also had an effect on the speed of service. Another thing here is that they seemed to be fire fighting with the glass supply. Obviously they were low on glasses which meant that at times at least one of the bartenders had to take time out to wash glasses again slowing things down. You never new if you were going to get glass, hard plastic or disposable cups. Worried about consuming some of their water? Don't drink at the bars then as the glasses are washed at the sink and new drinks poured as soon as they were rinsed under the tap.FoodThe food was probably the biggest disappointment for me. Breakfast was probably the best since you could get omelets, pancakes and the like with minimal wait. There were lots of nice juices Alcazar. There was a reasonable spread of bread, cheeses, fruit and other items. But it was the same every day. By the end of the week I found myself going to the same places and I don't consider myself a picky eater.Lunch was probably next best. Alcazar had a decent spread including a nice pan fried whitefish I liked to make sandwich with. The BBQ by the pool was lousy. Only the chicken was any good and stay away from those things that look like hamburgers. Not one of our group could finish one of those. El Sombrero had fried foods and we liked to grab a few beers and chicken wings. The wings were probably one of the better things but can you imagine travelling to the DR to eat chicken wings!! Better bring your own hot sauce too as they ran out after the first day. The other fried foods were the same thing you would buy at the frozen section of your grocery store. We're talking No Name quality. Hardly gourmet. Again the spread at each of the restaurants was the same every daySupper depended on where you went and what you ordered. Some things were good, some things were terrible. Nothing was excellent. Reservations for supper were a joke, forcing you to line up at 6p.m. in order to reserve your spot later. It was very disorganized to say the least. Except the Japanese restaurant where they prepared the meals in front of you, all the meals had that prepared in advance taste. Most meals were obviously not freshly prepared and even with this they could not handle a full restaurant and had to space reservations to prevent too many diners at any one time. This of course made it harder to get reservations since their restaurants weren't being used to capacity. Overall I liked the Japanese restaurant the best however that is only good for one meal as the same thing is served every night. El Sombrero was probably my next favorite and it also had a nice atmosphere outside by the beach. They can make a decent Sangria if you can talk them into it. The first time we were there it was made no problem. The second we had to talk them into it and the third time the flatly refused. I still don't know why they would care. It's less hard to make than most of the frozen drinks they made all day.I don't want to go on to long. You won't starve and chances are you will find things you will like, but don't go expecting gourmet. My wife actually lost a pound on this trip despite all the drinking. Put it this way. One of the best lunches me and some friends had was the pizza at the airport we ate waiting for our flight home. InfrastructurePower went out a few times, once for the better part of the afternoon. The staff said it was an off site problem however given that the neighboring hotel had power and the fact that only half of Breezes came on at first I think it more probable that the problem was either inside the hotel or at least started in the hotel and spread out. But what is even worse than no power is that with no power there is no water!! That is total inconvenience. Try going to the can in a pitch dark public washroom with toilets that haven't been flushed for a few hours!! But what probably bugged me the most is that there didn't seem to be any staff trying to make this inconvenience easier. Business was carried out as if nothing was wrong.Speaking of water they apparently have some major issues with their system. Besides the power outages water pressure was lost to the hotel at least once. Temperature in the showers was variable regardless the time of day you showered leading me to believe that there is system problem and it is not merely the result of a neighbor flushing the toilet. And as for the other side, the sewer, there is obviously big issues here as well. Drains were slow and the toilet backed up easily but what was worse were the smells. I believe their sewer system was getting pressurized leading to offensive sewer gas smells in the rooms. This was not only me that noticed. We laughed as my friend told the story of how his toilet started making noises and then flushed by itself in the middle of the night and then this experience was collaborated by another of our group who had the same experience. We all woke up that night blaming our spouses of breaking wind. Not high class but good for a few laughs the next day.SummaryWhile not the best of resorts we did still have a good time and so can you. Lower your expectations though. You can't have a terrible time lying around in the sun with a cold one especially when it's -15 back home. On the other hand it would have been nice to have a bit more luxury with our stay. You had to have fun in spite of the hotel. Air Transit downgraded this place to 3 stars in their literature, a downgrading I definitely agree with. 3 stars would be the highest rating I would give this place. What is sad though is that I think the hotel has huge potential. Would I go back? Punta Cana possibly but definitely not Breezes unless I was getting an excellent deal and even then I would think twice. In fact, since the issues appear to be more management related overall, I would be very hesitant to go to any of the Superclub resorts in the future.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2005
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>You get what you pay for Our one week trip for our son's wedding was fairly expensive. Apparently it costs more to attend this free wedding than if you just go on a vacation. The employees were very polite and we felt safe, the room was safe, cleaning staff did not steal even though we left our belongings (camera, jewelry) out in the open. You need to be cautious just as you would at any vacation spot (even in USA or Canada) not to get involved in Timeshare, everybody wants your hard earned dollar (US$). Besides a few other resorts and a flea market on the beach, unless you hire a taxi or pay for a tour, you are more or less stuck at this resort. 1 week was enough. Food was good, but even though we were careful what and how much we ate, we still got the 24 hour sickness. Good thing, didn't gain any weight!. Ladies, you only need the bottom part of your bathing suit! Man, bring out the speedos!  
<Date>Jan 30, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>beautiful resort and what a beach!! I was very nervous reading some of the reviews on the internet. But had a great time anyway. Shouldn't have worried as much.Rooms: clean, but sparse. Don't expect 5 star rooms. Left $2 each day for maid and some chocolates. Always gave extra towels. She rarely replaced our bottled water though like we requested. We had to get it ourselves from the bar. Get a room on 2nd floor or higher. Rooms in bsmt dingy and smell like mildew.Staff: about 50 percent speak English somewhat. Very friendly. Some spanish will help you.Beach: the most beautiful beach I have ever been to. The best part of the vacation. Food: stuck to mostly pasta, bread and bottled water for meals and french toast , fruit and pancakes for breakfast. Mexican restaurant was not great b/c cheese is very plastic like and greasy. Made my stomach queezy. Overall, a good time but next time I would try 5 star hotel just to see the difference.  
<Date>Jan 26, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>itsjen
<Content>Mostly good except the food Went to Breezes from 12/26/04 to 12/30/04 to attend a friend's wedding as part of a group of 23 people. Apparently the resort had just opened after a long period of being closed due to a hurricane. Many guests had problems with rooms (toilets not working, a/c broken, lights out, etc.) but the hotel was fairly accommodating in moving people around.The food was terrible. After the third day of being offered smashed pumpkin and salami stew for breakfast I switched to dinner rolls exclusively. I gained 7 pounds but there was nothing else to eat. The only high point was the chicken wings they put out at 2 a.m. at the El Sombrero bar.Bar tip -- stay away from the hotel bars, they have the slowest service and the rudest bartenders. All outside and pool bartenders were much friendlier and service was faster.The wedding ceremony was a little low-budget but the view, staff and atmosphere was fantastic. Best part was when the mariachi band decided that the couple's first song as husband and wife would be house of the rising sun.Overall not bad but would not go back due to the food.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Natalie
<Content>Loved it! My stay was great. The pool is gorgeous- very clean. The service is great, the staff can't do enough to help you. The cocktails are good. Try the golden pineapple. The food was ok- the buffet had masses of choice and the service here is fab. Breakfast is amazing, loads of choice. The a la cartes varied. Japanese was excellent, French was average, Grill was good, as was Mexican, but at all of them the portions were very small. We tried 3 nights in a row for the Italian without success. They take bookings from 6-6.30pm but the queue is down the stairs by 5.45pm. On our last night the waitress told us they only take 20 bookings per night!!! The grill/bbq is good for lunch is you're by the pool. Rooms are well equipped, not 5* but by no means bad, and always clean. The entertainment on a night is simple but very enjoyable, it is usually at the ampitheatre and there's a lot of crowd participation. (I was in a dancing comp and believe me, I can't dance!) There's loads going on during the day around the pool and you can get watersports equipment between 10am and 4pm. The beach is gorgeous, but the sea is surprisingly choppy so you can't swim that far out but the waves are great for boogie boards! The hotel shops are way overpriced so make sure you have things like books, magazines, chocolate etc so you don't have to buy them there. as the resort is in the middle of nowhere. There is a market up the beach to the right for alcohol, souveniers and cigars. Whataever price they ask, offer them a third, then offer a few dollars extra. Do NOT go any higher. They will come down. Don't worry, I couldn't really have faulted the hotel and we had a great time. I can recommend the Saona and Monster Truck Safari trips also.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>DON'T TRUST ANYONE AT BREEZES PUNTA CANA! The Resort itself was very accomadating, food, service, entertainment, rooms were average to above average. However, the staff at the front desk is untrusting. We used strictly cash while on the trip and used a credit card once to pay a $7.00 hotel phone bill. Low and behold, three weeks later there are 7 charges on my credit card totalling $4,056. We easily narrowed it down to the hotel since that was the only time we used the card, I'm sure the employee behind the desk thought he could get away with this since he assumed we had used the card more than one while there. Well that was not the case. UNTRUSTING EMPLOYEES AT BREEZES HOTEL! DO NOT USE YOUR CREDIT CARD IF YOU CAN AVOID IT THE ENTIRE TRIP, DO SO! On top of that, there are what it seems to be employees of the hotel that walk around and lure you with pleasantry into sitting in on some kind of Time Share for their Resorts. We were duped into this and wasted three hours of our afternoon listening to some rep talk about how great it would be to put $5,000 down on a timeshare. When we refused they became very agitated and persisted, in addition they refused in giving us free the massage vouchers as promised if we sat in. It was an awful experience. Make sure you avoid these people at all costs. They are not emplyess and work independently from the hotel. Watch your valuables and be careful who you share any personal info with. Have a Great Time!  
<Date>Jan 23, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great trip! We just returned from Breezes and let me start off by saying that this trip was awesome and I would definately visit this hotel again. I am 23 and went with my boyfriend who is 26. We had so much fun here and never got bored. Let me start with check in. It was so easy and quick for us, we stood in line for maybe 10 minutes and went up to our room. We waited only about 15 minutes for the bell boy to bring us our luggage. The hotel grounds and pool were absolutely amazing. It was very clean and very well kept, there were always people tending to the gardens and cleaning the pool. The temperature of the pool was very cool and refreshing, it was not dirty and there were no drinks spilt anywhere around the pool. The beach is amazing with the softest powder white sand, and there were always many beach chairs on the beach. The food was very good. Breakfast was the best! The buffet was huge and there was something for everyone. The only thing I didn't like was the syrup, it tasted like honey, and I hate honey! Anyways there was tons of fresh fruit to top your french toast with. The a la carte restruants were all great, the French was the best. We never made a reservation. We always just went down at 6 and either wrote our room number down for the time we wanted or just walked right in. They don't take reservations for the restruants even though they say they do. Anyways all the food from the restruants is similar to what you would expect at a nice restuant in Canada or U.S. The room was average. It was clean and well kept with the mini bar always stocked and a beautiful view of the ocean. I say that the only thing that kept this hotel from a five star were the plain rooms. The Dominican people are so nice. They are always friendly and gave the best service. It was far better service than you would ever expect from a restruant at home. When your drink was more than half empty they brought you a new one without even asking. We never felt the need to tip but always did anyways because they gave such great service. They were so greatful and happy just for one dollar! These people work extremly hard from morning til night for such a small wage; one dollar means a lot to them and nothing to us, so why not help them out. If you tipped the bartender at the begining of the night he took care of you all night long. Something that we both noticed was how kind all the staff were to children. They kept them entertained all day, and were so kind to them. The people that complained at this hotel just expected way too much! If you want food to taste like home, then take a trip in your own county! You have to understand that this is a third world country and everything is not the same as were used to at home. These people try so hard to make us happy, so be kind and they will do anything to please you. The gift shop is very expensive if you want chips or choclate bars bring some from home. Anyways this was a great trip and we were sad to leave, we would visit again and can't wait to go back.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>WarmVacations
<Content>Second Trip My wife and I returned from Last May to take our college-age (22-19) to a Xmas/New Year vacation, along with a girlfrend of my 22yrold. We are well travelled as a family on vacations with kids (who are now adults.) Resorts include St Lucia, Antiqua, cozumel, turks, just to name a few, all family resorts. Anyway, we really enjoyed our time at breezes. Our boys had a great time too. There were lots of friends for both boys, so there was no what can I do? issues. The meals are not like other premium resorts, but we did not pay a premium price. What I loved was the international people... canada, western europe, and some carribean. the staff were very, very friendly, and my kids ranked it high. If you are a diver, forget diving anywhere there. it's awful. And don't get talked into diving offsite, as it costs extra and its not that greatThe New Year's event with the Live band and fireworks was really first class. And just so you know, the hurricane did do damage, but we never found it because they completely repaired everything and it looked just like it was last april. If someone was not happy, it certainly was not any of my sons' friends and their parents. And I know the young parents had a ball too, as we saw their kids on the trapeze, scuba diving in the pool, and preparing for the show that they would star in. It brought back memories when we attended club med for families in St lucia 15 years ago with our two boys. In response to some negatives I just read, if you don't take a cab for $30us, you will be with a bus group in a long line... we beat them by taking a cab, not the charter bus. Secondly, we enjoyed the mexican and japanese restaurants, but found the lines and waits for Italian very frustrating. We ended up eating at the buffet, which was very casual dress, and we ate when we wanted without a line. Don't go for there for the food, go for the beach, the people, (both staff and guests), and don't bring an attitude from NY as The pace is slow. And don't drink the water, use bottled water all the time, and make sure your fridge is stocked by filling out the form when you arrive. And bring towels that are distinct so you can reserve chairs either on the beach or pool. We'll go back for the right price, it was well worth it!  
<Date>Jan 20, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ExcitedGirl
<Content>Can't Wait To Go Again!!!!! I was so impressed with our stay at Breezes....they did everything they could to make our time there memories we will always treasure...My husband and 10 year old daughter arrived very very late....1:30 am and everyone was tired from traveling and hungry....they checked us in and got us to our room...which was 2121...on the main floor just down from the theatre and close to the bars and children's area and pool....we were shown to the mexican restaurant which is open 24 hours and was able to get something to eat and then back to our room for some much needed shut eye....the room was small but extremely clean and the bed was very comfortable....not much drawer space but we made the best of it but the closet is big.....the staff is very friendly and does their best to help you they went out of their way to make my daughters stay special...they knew she liked pizza so they made up a special pizza just for her and presented it to her like she was a queen...always doing something to make our stay special...we won the Ideal Couple of 2005 award for the week and the prizes were wonderful...got a bottle of champagne, a free massage, internet time and free tickets for Manati Park...I would recommend this resort to anyone...  
<Date>Jan 19, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>luv2travel67
<Content>Could Have Done Better We travelled to Breezes in May 2004 for my birthday. The trip started out with the bus/resort loosing my luggage. I have to say that the transfer was handled very poorly. Our rooms were not ready on arrival and we were told to leave our bags in the lobby. Low and behold mine was gone.The food was ok but I would not rave. Being Canadian, I wanted bacon with my eggs - It was only served on the last day after we complained.The Beach was pretty good no complaints here. - The resort is very secluded with no other resorts too close - their is a market down the beach to walk to - barter, barter, barter is all I can sayThe resort itself was nice.I would say the 2 worst points was a) the Air Transat host - useless!b) the food - quality was poor!We stayed 2 years previous at the Riu Bambu - Now this was a five star resort with awesome food - I would far recommend it.  
<Date>Jan 17, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jefffff
<Content>Concerns not warranted about Breezes I am 25 years old and just returned from a two week stay at Breezes resort with my girlfriend. I arrived December 30 and returned January 14, 2005. I had read many of the reviews about Breezes before I arrived at the resort and I have to admit I was fairly worried about the quality of this hotel. I will try to answer many of the questions I had before arriving at this resort.Hurrican Damage:There are still repairs going on but you will be there a few days before you notice. All services are fully up and running grounds are beautiful. No one should avoid this resort because of hurricane damage. Check in:I arrived at the hotel at 10:00 am with approximately 150 other people so as you would expect at any hotel check in did take some time. It took about an hour to get everybody checked into the hotel which is longer then the usual check in time at your average North American Hotel but is largely the result of each person spending a few minutes arguing for a waterfront room. While your waiting hotel staff were friendly and provided drinks or you could walk over to a nearby bar and order whatever you wanted. Once we got checked in we were given a room number but were told the room would not be ready until 3pm. The hotel staff assured us though that they would look after our bags until then and to return at 3. We returned at 3 to find our room ready and our luggage in good order. Hotel staff insisted they carry our luggage to the room which they did promptly. Although we had requested a waterfront room we did not get one on are first night but were told to come back the next day at nine am.Hotel Room:Our first room was disappointing it was missing many of the advertised features such as coffee maker and iron and the view was less then impressive as we were facing a parking lot. However, the pool area and the beach were so beautiful that we really didn't care about the quality of the room in fact it was only in retrospect that it seemed bad. The next day as promised we were moved to a waterfront room. The hotel clearly has a system in place for those who would like a waterfront room. The system ensures that everyone who wants a waterfront room will get one for at least a portion of their stay. Large groups of people are checking out each day opening up waterfront rooms and those who request them do get moved into them. From what we heard no one spent more then three nights in a non waterfront room before being moved. Our new room was great, it had an amazing view of the pool and ocean with a nice furnished deck. The room itself was as illustrated on the website, but kept very clean by staff. Our mini bar was restocked daily with ample pop and water. The room had a good iron, and coffee maker. On two occasions our mini bar was not restocked and on one day we only got one new towel. However, this was easily rectified by a quick phone call to the front desk and within the hour we had as much water and pop as we wanted and lots of towels. We didn't watch much TV but there was at least ten English channels, including movie channels. Overall while the room is fairly plain, it was kept very clean and the view was definitely five star. For others who are considering going here do not expect to get a waterfront room your first night. If you do want one though ask the front desk staff to take down your name and make note of where you would like your room to be. Make sure you get them to right it down they do have a system to manage these requests that ensures you get moved to the room of your choice. If you watch them right your info down you will be moved within a day or two.Every room also has a safe which is about twelve inches wide six inches high and about six inches deep. I kept most of my valuables in the safe but the rooms did seem as secure as any other hotel. While I would not leave money lying around inside them I don think a laptop if kept in a bag when not in the room would be stolen. A lap top definitely will not fit inside the safe though. Restaurants:We ate a least twice at all five restaurants. Our favourites were Marlin, Mexican, and the Japanese although all were good. All restaurant meals are four course and we found the food to be pretty good. The food is similar in quality to your average family restaurant I don't think I would have been disappointed with having paid $15 - $20 dollars per person for any of these meals in Canada excluding alcohol. Wine was replenished frequently and was similar in quality to your average $9 dollar bottle of wine. If you didn't want wine a full bar was available and service was prompt.One word of advice for restaurants is that if you want something just ask they will give it to you. We found that you could pretty much do anything or get whatever you wanted if you just ask. If you want two entree for dinner they will give you two entree. If you want a bottle of wine left at your table or a bottle to take back to your room they will give it to you.Buffet was good, it had a very wide variety of food and had a different theme every night. Food was generally always hot and could easily have competed with any high end buffet in Canada or USA. There is also Waiters in the buffet who do bring you drinks quickly once ordered although they did not always come to our table right away however, again if you simply ask them for something they do get it promptly.There is a poolside barbecue going all afternoon with Fish, Burgers, Chicken, Steak, and Pork Chops. Steak tended to be a little tough, the rest of it was quite good some of the barbecue was grilled though and some was fried. The fried stuff at the barbecue tended to be a little greasy but you could always get barbecued stuff if you waited a few minutes.24 hour restaurant was okay similar in quality to McDonalds but that what it is really intended to be. Its just there for a quick snack. It had burgers, Chicken Burgers, Calamari, fries, spring rolls, pizza, etc.My girlfriend has a sensitive stomach and she was never sick while we were there nor was I and I ate everything. I also did not here of anyone being sick while there the food was very good.I did hear some people complain about a lack of healthy food. I did not think this complaint was really warranted. While there was a ton of unhealthy food there was also lots of healthy stuff one just had to exercise some self control. There was always tons of fruit, vegetables and salads available. You could get egg white omelets if you asked. The buffet had lots of fat free yogurt, cereal, diet pop was available for your mini bar, and all bars had diet pop. Every restaurant offered chicken or fish that was not fried. Gym The gym was pretty weak it was poorly maintained and was designed for a very light work out. Heaviest dumb bells were fifty pounds etc.InternetInternet worked well a little slow but not painful. Cost varies on number of minutes purchased but $15 U.S. bought 90 minutes.StorePrices in hotel stores were expensive but no different then any hotel store in North America. I did not see the rumored Pepto bismol for sale for $30. There is a little market down the beach from the hotel that sells a lot of necklaces and tourist junk. Its fun bartering with the people though and is worth visiting just for entertainments sake. I wouldn expect any bargains here though.BarsI was perhaps most impressed with the bar service. The bars always tend to be busy but rarely did I wait for more then a minute for service. The bar has good variety of premium liquor as well as tons of domestic stuff. The only beer was Presidente and Bohemia both are quite light and given the heat are pleasant. Presidente is a lot like Coors Light. The Mexican Restaurant also has Corona. The bar tenders will happily make you any mixed drink you can think of and they blenderize fresh fruit into many of their concoctions. Most people thought the drinks were great they not shy with the booze and there is no need to tip for service was good. You don need to bring you own glass if you want a bigger glass ask for one or take two drinks. Presentation blue me away every drink is served with a drink garnish of some sort and a straw. Straws are all individually wrapped in paper which bartenders remove in front of you and often fold into neat designs.PoolPool is huge and beautiful the water is a refreshing temperature colder then the ocean. It is kept amazingly clean given its proximity to the beach I did not see any of the empty cups that were reported in other reviews nor was it ever to warm or smell of urine or anything else. Like the rest of the hotel the pool was very clean. I saw people cleaning it every morning. There are as many chairs around the pool as they could fit but if you do want a chair close to the pool you need to put towels down prior to 9:00 am. However, there was always lots of chairs at the beach.BeachBeach was very clean beautiful white sand and clear ocean. Lots of chairs on the beach. There is a roped off swimming area in front of the hotel that they do force you to stay inside. However, if you want to swim further out just walk five minutes away from the hotel and no one will bother you. I went snorkeling numerous times just off the beach and had no trouble. Snorkeling is not as good as Hawaii but similar to Mayan Riviera lots of coral, fair number of fish. If you haven't done a lot of snorkeling or diving you will find this quite enjoyable. I brought my own snorkel stuff, although the hotel provides snorkel stuff for free the only hand it out on days that are flat calm (which seem to be few) and they force you to snorkel in the swimming area which is pretty weak snorkeling. I would recommend you bring your own if you are big on this.The hotel also provides Boogie Boards and there was a good constant surf in front of the hotel while we were there which made boogie boarding and body surfing fun. The waves are to small here to surf on though.Kayaking and sailing are also available but like snorkeling only when it is not windy. In the fourteen days I was there, there was a constant breeze that was actually quite pleasant as it kept you cool but the hotel did not give out any of this equipment the entire time we were there because of the wind. The breeze did not change for fourteen days so I think it is fairly constant.NightlifeThe hotel offers nightly entertainment from 9:30 -10:30 it is not the best but it keeps you watching and some shows are much better then others. The Lobby area is always very busy with lots of people really decked out in nice clothes although you can get away with pretty much anything as long as guys aren't wearing shorts or tank tops, ladies anything goes. But generally people are fairly dressed up. Also, there was usually a live band of some sort in the lobby. The night club was never really packed while we were there but it always seemed to have at least 40 - 50 people in it sometimes more. There was always single guys and girls in their late teens through to mid twenties on the prowl many of whom were hooking up but for older people looking for singles I didn't see many. Most of the single people that were there seemed to be either in wedding parties or traveling with their parents which meant they were generally under 30. If you did come here with a bunch of guys/girls and were looking to party you definitely could have a good time though. I never went to nightclubs outside of the resort but there were many available and those who did go reported them being busy.Service/TippingI was perhaps most impressed with the service at our hotel I found it courteous at all times and better then in most North American hotels considering the volumes of people and the fact that none of them were tipping or paying directly. Never did I feel the need to tip. In fact several times I watched staff turn down tips which really surprised me. One of the guys I traveled with did tip staff while there and he certainly received no better service then we did. Punta Cana GeneralThere is not much of a city in the Punta Cana area. So if you are looking for culture you are going to have to drive. Hotels encourage guest to stay on hotel grounds and rely on hotel services if they want to leave and explore the countryside, these services are expensive typically $50 - $60 for day trips although some are very good. I particularly enjoyed Bavaro Runners and would recommend it to anyone. There was numerous reports that it was dangerous to leave the resort and driving was a bad idea. I did leave the resort and found the driving while certainly different then Canada with lots of passing and really no rules not to dangerous. In fact probably less dangerous then driving in a blizzard in Canada. Never did I not feel safe. There was a significant language barrier but locals we ran into were always friendly and willing to help. The maps that we had access to were pretty bad they did not show most roads. But all main streets were well marked. If you do leave the resort area there are certainly some good deals to be had in the various towns at the stores. You can pick up some really cheap merchandise. There are not many gas stations around but gas can be purchased from street side vendors selling it out of beer bottles. Generally speaking if you leave the resort and exercise some common sense you will see some really interesting country and culture and are likely to be in no more danger then in any other foreign country. Also the taxis are a lot of fun, very cheap, and full of people who are keen to talk to you and tell you about their country. KidsThere were not to many kids at this hotel although the hotel did offer excellent services for those that were there and all seemed to have a great time. In no way though do kids interfere with those adults who are hoping to avoid them. The resort had a ton of young couples (22 -35) as well as families with teens and couples in their fifties. Any age group would have fun at this resort. Although there were a lot of stairs for elderly people and those with disabilities.OverallThis hotel is excellent, its location I found to be ideal as to the north of the hotel there is nothing but wild jungle and beach that is free to you to explore to the south there is 50 km of resorts that you can look at. The service was excellent. As is to be expected when one hotel is providing absolutely every service for you there were a few hiccups but all were corrected quickly and if we complained our concerns were promptly addressed. There is significant portions of the hotel still being repaired after hurricane damage but this does not interfere with guests. In fact I think now is probably an opportune time to go as the hotel is not as busy because of the rooms still being repaired and hence service is that much better. All services are fully up and running and grounds are immaculate and very clean including public bathrooms. Food is very good won't make you sick. Overall, this is a good four star hotel by any standard more elaborate bigger rooms with more furniture and art would push this hotel to a five star. My apologies for the length I was trying to answer all the questions I had before going to this resort I hope you find this review helpful. If you do have any questions about this hotel feel free to email me and I will try my best to answer. jeffhanman@hotmail.com  
<Date>Jan 17, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>wasn't as good as i thought it would be we stayed at sol de plata in june of 2002 for our honeymoon, the bus boys if you call them were friendly and took our lugage and carried it for us to the bus and loaded it you don't have to tip them but it puts a smile on their face if you do, on our way to the resort we were one of the first to get dropped off and the tour guide did his best to get the people excited about being in punta cana he did want us to tip the driver, the driver drove kinda crazy and it scared me but i noticed that it is how they drive there there is no laws so the police can arrest you for anything and no right side of the road to drive on, when we got to our resort about in about a half hour we didn't get our honey moon gift eventhough we were booked as honemooners,we traveled through applevacations they were good but our travel agent wasn't they didn't tell us much on the hotel only that it was nice, and i thought there was plenty to do when we got there,we had no trouble checking in and getting our room, when we asked to do the free non motorized sports we were told no and turned away, we booked several tours through apple and they were quite expensive, before we could go on the tours i got sun poising the apple rep gave us a refund on all the trips since i didn't feel much like doing anything, we asked if we could leave early because of my condition she denied us eventhough we had travel insurnace so we were stuck there for 7 more days, my husband got a massage and he said it was great but it was about 20-25 dollars for about an hour, the beaches were nice and clean as was most of the resort, the room floors were cold because they were tile, our room was near the nightly shows so we heard everthing we couldn't turn in early for the night even if we wanted to the childrens music was espically annoying since we were on our honeymoon, beware of mosquitoes at night they weren't too bad but if you are prone to them like me i would suggest some reppellent, you have to get up early to get a beach hut and some of them were infested w/ bugs and bees,there are merchants that come to the resort on different days and also there is a store i would suggest not to buy from the merchants on the resort because the prices are higher and they won't negoiate, if you are a bargan shopper you can walk down the beach to a flea market and find the same stuff and often the same vendors who will negoiate prices w/ a calculator the vendors are very nice and will cater to you, also if you go off the resort property the beach does get littered with jelly fish and tree limbs so be careful where you step, we had problems communitating with the front desk after check in since no one could speak english after you checked in, the food was good but the buns for the hotdogs and hamburgers were very hard they were good if you like the eruopean hard bread, the food was pretty much the same at the al la carte we didn't get to eat at the speacilty resturants because we couldn't get reservations due to no one speaking english at the front desk, the bars were nice and the drinks were good the bar tenders did their best to entertain you, the pool was large but full of kids not very romantic, one thing i did like was when we were laying on the beach the cheifs would come out of the kitchen and pick fresh friut for display and to eat, the grounds was pretty secure the employees lived on the resort and you always saw secruity guards patrolling the beaches, you have to wear a plastic bracelet the whole time you are there so i kinda felt like a child, the resort did have a choice of elevators or stairs the stairs are cruved all the way up the room bar was stocked daily around 1 we had to ask for extra drinks/ sodas because they came in small bottels the at the club and casino there was never no one there the staff was frendly there, we would like to come back to punta cana but we will not stay at this resort again  
<Date>Jan 16, 2005
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>CaseoftheTravelbug
<Content>wanna know the truth??? check in:by far the worst part of the trip...you arrive and line up with the rest of your bus to get your room key etc. We waited 45 mins in line and when we got to the front they gave us a brochure and told us to come back at 3pm to pick up our room key. At 3 pm we returned to the front desk to find that they still did not have our room ready! They then asked us to come back at 6pm to pick up the key, in which we insisted we get a room now. After discussing the issue with everyone behind the counter (20 mins later) we got a room key!~ we were one of the only ones to get a room at 3pm...almost everyone else had no choice but to come back at 6pm to get their room then.the room:was decent..great view of the ocean and no huge complaints.the AC works great and keeps the room extremely cool!there was a leak in the roof of the bathroom- everytime the room above us had a shower we got leaked on in our bathroom!The drainage in the bath/shower was an ongoing issue..but we worked around itthe beach:amazing! great waves, lots of chairs...you dont have to go down first thing in the morning to get a chair..their are always some around a bit furthur down the beachthe pool:lots of kids in the pool!! the workers there are constantly doing dancing and singing on the Microphone on the stage..so if you want to relax and hear the ocean not HIP HOP all day...go to the beach where its quiet!the restaurants:french restaurant is the best by faritalian restaurant was good to but HUGE lines ups therejaponese restaurant was fun- go in a big group - its more fun that way!TIP...if you want to eat in the restaurant- go at 6pm when they open and get right in..if you want to eat a bit later..go at 6:15 or 6:30 latest..and put your room # down on the waiting list- you will be seated probably 7pm if you put your name down at 6:15pmthe disco:It ----- there - trust me theres no point in going! well you should go once just to experience it! :)the bars:as much as they say no tipping..bring US $1 or $5 and tip the bartender at the beggining of the night..they will take care of you and get your drinks first when you go up to the bar..otherwise you end up waiting for AGES- they pretend they dont see you standing there!towels:towels are in short demand..so be sure to get a fresh one first thing in the morning..otherwise you wont get one all day..ALL IN ALLI had a blast with my friend..we were two single girsl there to have some fun over new years...we had a great time..but wish we knew all these tips prior to going...Have fun!  
<Date>Jan 12, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A bit of a let down. My family and I went to Breezes on Dec 10 - 17. This was our first trip to the Carribean and we were a little dissapointed. Our room faced the sewage treatment plant for a neighboring resort and also the service entrance. We had bus loads of workers arriving day and night. They sustained a lot of damage during hurricane Jeanne and had to listen to hammering and drilling in the early morning hours. We had no water the first evening there. We had no hot water the last day there. And the Shower in our room did not work. Someone had to stand and hold the nozzle out while the other person showered. When it rained our room leaked and when we complained we were told there were no other rooms. Huge chunks of plaster were falling from the ceilings in the halls. And in places we had to wade through eight inches of water to get outside. I was not real impressed with the food either. It was very cold (my baked potatoe would not melt butter). On the plus side, the beach and the pool were fabulous, the drinks were amazing and the staff was friendly. I would also highly recommend an excursion called the Bavara Runners. We travelled by jeep through 185 kms of the Dominican learning about the culture and seeing the sights. (if you can, bring small gifts for the children you see on the way) This was the highlight of our trip!  
<Date>Jan 10, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fun and beautiful... My stay at Breezes Punta Cana was a very good experience. The beach and resort were absolutly beautiful and the staff were very friendly. The events people did a good job of getting people involved in activities and having a good time. The entertainment was great and the food was great, lots of variety. I'm very picky so that was good. The only complaint I had was that they put us in a room that faced the entertainment stage and it was very loud so if you wanted to get an early start to bed, forget about it. We asked the people at the front desk if we could switch rooms and they moved us and gave us an upgraded room so it all worked out in the end.While I was there I also had a chance to observe a wedding and it was very well done so if your ever thinking about going to the Dominican to get married I highly reccomend this resort. I plan to get married there myself next year. Overall I had a great experience and I plan to go back there this year.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Sun,Sun,and more,Sun I went last year to this hotel,People were very friendly that worked there. Room was kept up well by the maid.That is, until it rained hard one night and flooded half of the room, plaster had fallen from the ceiling.Nothing was damaged of our belongings, I didn't care I just wanted some Sun.Had a good time with the people nexted door to us. Did alot of drinking.The open bar close to the beach is open 24/7. You do indeed get hassled by the V.I.P. people. My partners sister said I'd be able to see them a mile away. But when I was approached by one of them I thought he was a police officer, I almost freaked out, coz I didn't know what I possibly could of done wrong. My partners sister was waiting for me under the cabana that my partner had to hold for us around 5:00 A.M. She asked me where I've been? I told her I thought you said I'd be able to see the V.I.P.'s a mile away? Then she broke down laughing hysterically.They were out the following day looking for my partner and I. They didn't catch us thoe. The food: wasn't that great, but I didn't really come here to eat I came for the sun, and security reasons. Morning buffets were okay, I was getting addicted to there hash browns so was my partner but, you must watch out, it's fried in cocounut oil like everything else and of course that's a natural laxitive. Anyway, when the hashbrowns ran out for my partner one morning he left the buffet so upset. I thought oh boy, he said where's that V.I.P. know? Thank- God he didn't find him.They have a flea market on premises I think once a week, sure enough coming back the V.I.P. caught my partners sister and me. She said not interested. They told us to bring back our husbands. She said we don't have one.If your beach blanket gets stolen they charge you forty dollars. And alot of that was going on at the beach, with people using them to save there spots. Bring an old one from home with you the uglier the better, then they won't want to steal it.Like I said I didn't care about there ceiling, food, I just wanted the sun. I'm coming back this year again, but will be staying at another resort called Grand Flemenco, read some stories about it.One particular one made me laugh so hard I ran to the bedroom to tell my partner, and here it is.The cab ride to and from the airport was like a cardiac stress test.There are no rules to the road in this place.He then writes that it's like a scene out of mad max. I'm still laughing coz it was crazy in the taxi for us too. Here's a paragraph down from his letter:The vendors at the plaza Bavaro and beach market were very aggressive. They were like human pop ups. I'm still laughing, because It's so true. All in all like others had said it's what you make of it. Have a good time, enjoy yourself. And return home safely.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Time Wow! What a great week. Friendly staff, great food and great beach  pool. We really got to relax and felt ready to take on the world again. The resort has everything you need.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awesome Resort!! One of the top three best resorts we have been to todate. The service, food, and entertainment were Gold Crown! I was a little embarrased by some of the guests (from all countries) as to the way they could not use waste cans for their empty cups and trash. I had to wonder what the locals must have thought of these people.Bob  
<Date>Jan 5, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>WOW, Beautiful We went during Christmas. We choose this spot because of our twin 17yr. old boys. (AI)...scuba, windsurfing, kayaking, parasailing, boogie boards, all the food  drinks,THis was a wonderful place. I would recommend it to everyone.Clean, -Always sweeping, wiping, picking up our messKind, -lots of please, thank yous, excused me.....courteousFood. -just OK, not great, not bad, (but we did not go there for the foodBeaches. -Wonderful,pool, -they cleaned the pool every night, (I never saw them add any chemicals during the day) but they did shock it every nightHot tub, - The emptied the tubs (3) everynight, and refilled them.Yes, we would go back !!!!  
<Date>Jan 3, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Value? You only get what you pay for.....people are friendly, rooms are clean, tip a few bucks and the treatment gets better! The food is okay...better than Mexico......premium drinks are available. Negatives....rooms are small....restaurants are crowded.....pool area too small for the hotel when fully booked and the beach is closed for swimming....all inclusive resorts are generally like this when they are fully booked.The people from Europe specifically England and France need some manners or charm school....very rude to both the help and other travelers....don't put up with it!The hotal rips you off on the exchange rate...like 27 pesos to the us dollar instead of the going rate of 34+.....small items cost 3-4 us dollars like life savers or potatoe chips..the exchange does not seem like alot but when you do the math over the week it adds up to hundreds of us dollars....overall remember you only get what you pay for....this is a good value for the rate you pay......  
<Date>Jan 2, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lovetosun
<Content>We would go back I want to write this review because there were a lot of bad ones and that really concerened me before I went to Breezes. First of all, please be at ease as the place is fine. No, it's not a Five Star Hotel but you can have fun there. The hotel itself is beautiful. It is kept clean and I saw them cleaning it all the time. The staff were wonderful, there were a few not so happy staff but 90% of them were cheerful and helpful. Know some spanish for sure.I did not see any bugs, only flies at times at the outside restaurants. The food was not good to us but we heard many people say they loved it. I think if you are American you might find it odd. The meats were dry and not very tasty but we ate it and survived. The fruit was definitely imported and not as fresh as I had hoped but it is still edible. The mango was awesome but they didn't have it out every day.I also think the hurricane could have destroyed a lot of their fruit, so this might be a temporary thing.The rooms were small but clean and there was enough drawer space for four of us. It is helpful if you leave a tip for the maids, they will add some sweet touches to the room like small flowers and how will two or three bucks a day hurt you? The stores in the complex are very expensive. I did not buy from them except to get a little candy. We went to the local vendors on the beach which you will have to talk down. I got a t-shirt, a pair of tie-dye pants and a beautiful wrap. The Kids Camp seemed nice although my kids were not impressed. The staff seemed nice and sweet. They do various things with them during the day, swimming, rock climbing, etc. Use sunscreen. I can't believe how many stupid people didn't. You will still get a tan even with a high SPF.The beach and pool were amazing. The best part of the place. I have been to a few other islands and this was the most beautiful!!!!! Makes the whole trip worth it. You can also walk forever!!!Go early to get good chairs, like 7:30 or 8:00 am and leave your towels. Good idea to bring extra beach towels. They let you exchange them every day for clean ones but someone stole our towels one day. Overall, I would say I would go back to Breezes. WE met a lot of different people from all over the world and we had a really good time. Have a great trip!!!! The only people I heard complaining were the annoying folk from Staten Island, NY who everyone wished had stayed there!!!!!  
<Date>Dec 31, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Dream Come True We went to Superblubs Breezes in Punta Cana from May 9-16 2004. We got married on May 11th at the resort. We arrived on the 9th and only had to wait an hour to get into our room. We toured the facility and it was absolutely breathtaking. On Monday the 10th we meet with the Wedding Coordinator who took us around the facility to pick a location to get married. We could pick anywhere we wanted. We choose the Garden at the edge of the property closest to Grand Paradise, the reason for choosing the garden was the privacy and there wasn't as much wind!!!! We picked our flowers on Monday as well and then all we had to do is show up on Tuesday at 4:30. My Husband went down at 4:25 and then I got dressed and went down at 4:30. It was an absolute dream come true....it was so stress free and so much fun. We used the photographer at the resort who took 36 pictures all over the facility. The pictures were incredible what a fantastic job he did!The resort was incredible, it is older but the landscaping and the architechure is amazing. The rooms are older and very basic with two double beds but they were kept spotless by the cleaning staff.The food was excellent, there are 5 a-la-carte restuarants and you can go to them as many times during the week as you choose. You may have to wait in line for a bit but the longest we ever waited was 15 minutes. We especially loved the French and the Mexican restuarants.The beach was breathtaking we felt like kids again out in the ocean! The pool was huge and increidble as well. We recommend going out early to put your towel on a chair though or you will never get one!We recommend day trips as well we went on the Bavaro Beach Runners and the Kontiki Tours. Both were worth the money.The bottom line is if you want to have fun you will if you want to find something wrong with the resort you will....but what fun would that be!  
<Date>Nov 2, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great time Five of us booked our trip to the Breezes through Apple Vacations ( I highly recommend) We arrived at the Hotel early and could not check in until 3, but we knew that so we all flew with our bathing suits on. When we got there the staff was wonderfull and took our luggage, we were greeted with drinks and a very friendly staff. We headed straight for the most beautiful beach I have ever seen. The water is everything you see. Perfect Blue.Miguel our Apple host was awesome!!! The food was good. We wouldnt eat anything Cow though. The Safari was great, My Dad loved the golf. My husband was a little dissapointed with the Deep Sea Fishing, They didnt catch anything nor did they change the bait all day. The rooms were nice, and after reading some of the reviews, I like alot of people were a little nervous, But we had a GREAT time and I would definatley go again.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful beach, amazing staff, Hurricane such a shame We had one and a half days of our perfect holiday here.......Here were the best bits:Amazing beautiful beach with clean and gentle ocean.Terrific staff - coudln't do enough to help us, even after the hurricane where many of their own homes were destroyed and they didn't know whether their own family were safe....and even refused tips! I cannot praise them enough and doubt I would have Clean rooms (obviously not anything like 5* luxury) but 2 double beds!Pretty landscaping, including pool.Great all-inclusive deal - no limits on which restaurants you want to visit or how often, and all cocktails etc even included!The negative aspects were:Pool was very warm.Huge resort -loads to explore and stopped us getting bored.Sheets in room smelt funny upon arrival, they were changed immediately after we reported this.No bugs - didn't see any nasty creepy crawlies anywhere, a few ants here and there - but that's acceptable! we didn't get bitten once here!THEN Hurrican Jeanne hit us! She certainly caused a lot of damage!!After a week in this hotel we were moved to the Breezes in PUERTA PLATA - what a difference!The rooms were horrible, the staff were insolent and unhelpful, often totally ignoring you......we didn't get any service at all until we tipped.We had two single beds pushed together! No hot water, no bell boys to collect our bags, no courtesy room to get changed in for flight home - on all of these occassions we waited over an hour to get this service, and ended up carrying our own bags.The pool smelt of urine and was full of bugs.The restaurants are limited to one trip per week to each restaurant, and when we arrived they were all fully booked for the following four days!The beach here was DISGUSTING, a nasty dark colour, stones and cigarette ends everwhere. The ocean was very rough and not suitable for swimming/water sports unless you are a VERY strong and confident swimmer.The entertainment was trashy and tasteless, and the music was irritating and incessant - you couldn't even concentrate long enough to read your book by the pool.The majority of the Reception staff were terrible, apart from 2 ladies, who I believe were actually transported up there from the Punta Cana Resort.The resort was tiny and half of it seemed to be closed. It felt tatty and unsafe as there was hardly any lighting outside and it was pitch-black by 7pm! The public toilets had bins with no lids for used toilet role (you weren't meant to flush it!), which was thoroughly revolting.Bottles of water in our room were not sealed - worrying that they weren't fresh and purified! The place was also full of bugs - so many cockroaches, beetles and mosquito's - it was horrible!!!It's amazing how different they were. We would warn everyone to stay away from Puerta Plata unless you hate beaches and want to go on a Butlins or 18-30's style holiday without the nightlife! We would definitely go back to Punta Cana and hope that the repairs are made quickly so this beautiful place can be up and running ASAP.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jake6257
<Content>Great Place We had a great time. The beach was excellent the water clean and clear. The resort was huge, well laid out and absolutely spotless. The rooms are ok but we only slept in them. They are well equipped and cleaned daily. The staff were invariably very friendly-especially when you try your Spanish out. Unlike some reviewers we found the food of high quality, the variety was superb. We have lived in the far east as well as UK and have wide tastes in food. I guess if you only like a limited diet you might have problems. We don't eat burgers and only have fries occasionally. We didn't go for the night life either we just went for peace and quiet pleasure in a tropical paradise so we don't know how the entertainment is rated. We were certainy not bothered by noise of entertainment. The only noise we had late at night was from the occasional noisy 'cousin' communicating to each other from across the hotel at 200 decibels at 3 o'clock in the morning. My only moan would be that they buoy off the swimming area too close to the beach [for your own safety] thus keeping you away from the coral reefs a couple of hundred yards out [unelss you wander half a mile in either direction away from the dangerous small boats] I may be wrong but it just seemed that they wanted you to go on their expensive excursions to do any snorkleing. I am used to being able to safely swim out to the reefs to watch and be amazed without fear of being run down by a muppet with an outboard. Thank the lord they had no jet skis.Despite this we all had a fantastic time, so much so that we booked for next year and are taking both sets of parents as well.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Being hit by a train would be much better posted 10-01-04 08:39 PM --------------------------------------------------------------------------------Hi, We stayed at the Breezes Punta Cana which is property owned and managed by Super Clubs in the Dominican Republic earlier this year. This trip was an absolute disaster. I'm not going to get into all the details that were negative for the simple reason I would spend the next 6 or 8 hours typing. In short, from our arrival time to departure, this trip was horrendous!! Having to pay a maid to find our room, room not ready, got food poisioning, medical staff tried to scam us out of almost $500 and not to mention spending the last 14 weeks trying to get Super Clubs to honor their warranty, which they have not done as of yet and from what I understand they are not. Numerous telephone calle and email from both my travel agent and I seem to fall on deaf ears. I can't tell you how bad this trip was. As stated above, these are just a few of the problems that we encountered with Super Clubs. I would encourage anyone considering a stay with them to check reviews. I've traveled all over the US and abroad and have never seen anything the likes of Super Club, terrible!!!!!!!  
<Date>Oct 2, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>i liked the place To my surprise this was actually a very well run and a very nice resort. I arrived expecting the worst and they were actuallly better than what is being told on the page first the employees were very helpful and courteous the room was very nice , you are in the tropics so you keep the air conditioning on to circulate the air, We enjoyed the food and entertainment. The beaches and the pool were excelant. I am truly trying to get back to this resort again.........  
<Date>Sep 29, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>THE SLUM We stayed at the Breezes Punta Cana ONE DAY September 8, 2004 for 17 hours.No front desk assistance with finding our room. We had to rely on another guest to DIRECT us to the room.We checking into a room with NO running COLD water after a long day of travel.We attempted to eat at a buffet contained in the resort and the food was COLD.We attempted to contact Luis Aguiar, General Manager, 7 times during our stay. We were told Luis Aguiar was at home.Loud, I MEAN LOUD, music outside our room until after midnight. We complained 12 times to the FRONT DESK over the course of 7pm to midnight about the music.We stayed on your property a total of 17 hours only because American Express Platinum could not get us off your property any quicker than that. American Express Platinum Travel Service (PTS) is fully aware of the TROUBLES we encounter and currently directing all Punta Cana travelers to stay at other resorts until the matter is resolved. According to your SuperClubs Satisfaction Guarantee we are entitled to a credit voucher, but we aren't assured that another SuperClubs property won't be another slum.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lol
<Content>This hotel is great!! I just wanted to say how wonderful this hotel was, we visited for 2 weeks 6 - 20th September. I read the reviews before we went and was also worried, but me and my now fiance - yes we got engaged out there - had a wonderful time although the second week was spoilt by hurricane Jeanne.I admit that the rooms were not the best i have seen but they were clean, we had plenty of towel, toiletries and drinks in the fridge. The TV worked and so did the water. The pool was lovely and i don't know how people can say it was dirty as i saw people cleaning it all the time. One guy had a scrubbing brush and a snorkel. We could always get a sunbed even later in the afternoon. The food was also excellent, breakfast you had so much choice, with freshly made omlettes and smoothies. we went to the french, italian and japanese resturants but unfortunately didnt get to go to the mexican due to the hurricane, but i was told that was also excellent. The japanese was by far the best with the chef cooking the food right in front of you. I didn't get ill once as i have when visiting Dom Rep before.Lastly i just want to praise the staff before, during and after the hurricane, they we so friendly always smiling and i didnt have to tip them to receive this treatment. While the power was out they cooked our meals on candles and gave us fresh towels, blankets and candles because our rooms were flooded and there was no power.I'm sure that it'll be even better once the hurricane damage has been repaired.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't be put off Breezes I'd booked a 2 week stay with my boyfriend at Breezes in September this year looking for an entertaining, but relaxing holiday. When I read the reviews on this site I was alarmed at the number of negative responses, however I needn't have worried. The hotel was superb and our room was clean with a lovely garden view on the first floor. Unfortunately for us tropical storm/hurricane Jeanne hit the Dominican within hours of us arriving so we only managed to have one normal night there. We suffered loss of water and electricity for 1.5 days, yet the staff still managed to prepare and serve the most wonderful food. They worked so hard and kept everyone's spirits high, they could not be faulted. Only the buffet was open in these circumstances but the food was brilliant and very enjoyable. Other reviews commented in regards to tippping, but we certainly did not feel obliged to tip any of the staff. This isn't to say they didn't deserve it (!) but there is no need to be concerned before going that after paying for an all inclusive holiday that you will also need to tip the staff.We would recommend anyone to visit Breezes and we intend to go back - out of hurricane season!  
<Date>Sep 22, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hope the repairs fix this place up!!! also needs new management What was supposed to be a relaxing honeymoon became dissappointing. I dont know if it was off season service but COME ON!!!!The hydro was off for 2 out of 7 days, the cold water got turned off 3 days and hot water was out 2 days. Cable kept going on out so when we would try and get updates to the weather to see what was up with hurricane Ivan we could not. All this stuff would finally get turned back on when people returned to the rooms to get ready for dinner.Service was ok it got really good when we tipped the servers but till then they would ignore us. The pool was ok but not the cleanest. The shops I can't really sum up because they were too busy trying to rip me off. They really did not want to deal and out priced themselves. I left with 1200 dollars and came back with 1000. It is beautiful on the ocean and the food is great. but watch out FOR THE VIP SCAM!!!!!!!! These guys are vultures, they ask if they can give you a presentation about the club give you a gift and then during the presentation they ask for your credit card to join their travel club for 7000-30000 per year. yes that is 7 thousand to 30 thousand. Honestly I will not go back and find a better resort.Rooms really needed work I hope the renovations they are doing get them cleaned up. Too many bugs in the room for me.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2004
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Americans are hard to please Breezes Punta Cana was very nice, lovely beach, great weather, and hotel was nice with lots to do , beach football etc. obviously if you are paying what is obviously a very reasonable price compared to other hotels in the area then the place isnt going to be the Ritz, you get what you pay for! From what i have noticed on this site it only seems to be Americans who moan about the hotel. Take a small air freshener for christs sake.My only moan would be the ignorant animals who insist on putting their cigarettes out on the lovely beach when there are bins everywhere.Anyway if anyone is planning on night swimming or proposing marriage on a beautiful moonlit beach, this is the place, I did both!  
<Date>Sep 15, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>IT WAS GREAT well i just got back from Breezes! im 17 and i went there with my family for one last holiday before everyone goes off to school and w/e,we went from Aug 29/04-Sept5/04 and i love it there! it was great! so many great people you meet, and so many amazing guys! the guyz that worked there were amazying and great! GOOD JOB! ill be back next year for sure with some friends!  
<Date>Sep 9, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>THERES BETTER RESORTS IN THE D.R. First off it was our 2nd time to the DR. We were all aware of the slow pace lifestyle and we all understood how poor of a country this is. That doesnt bother us we all loved the Dominican people, nicest people in the world, beautiful country and I also want to add that the 3 of us are all happy go lucky people, very open minded, and pacient. That being said we were there from Aug22 to the 29. This review is 100% honest. Check in- Very quick and yes drinks were served to us upon arrival. The ride from the airport was about 30 min.Rooms- We requested an ocean view but got a garden view but didn't seem to care to much. Showers had broken part in it, toilets didn't flush all the time, TVs worked when they wanted to, converters had to be acctivated by calling the front desk, not allowed out going collect calls, rooms were cleaned every day, fridge stocked daily, always had enough towels, maid service was good, beds were honestly hard as a rock our backs all still hurt, sheets were to small for the bed. There were no bugs in our room(they were other places). Hotel grounds- Pretty dirty, very common to see cockroaches and tons of moths roaming the hall way, since all the buildings are open I was coming to my room one night and right at my door a mountain lion or bobcat ran right by me and no it wasn't a typical house cat. Here they didn't seem to big on landscaping. mind you the hotel itself looked amazing.Pool- way to warm, cups and straws floating around were very very common to see. So after all our swim gear dried from the pool our swim clothes reeked of urine yes thats right URINE. The pool was never cleaned infact the bar tender got me to get all the cups for him that were floating around. The pool area stunk then we noticed why, the bartenders were throwing all the leftover drinks on the pool deck i guess throwing it in the sink was to easy, but fruity alcoholic drinks can really start smelling pretty bad in the Dominican heat.Beach- beautiful, amazing a lot of cigarette butts, but still really nice. if you go to the left you can find yourself on a deserted beach.activities- Great, lots to do. You'll never be board.food- I found the food excellant our friend got pretty sick. Italian- the best of the a la cartes, French- sucked never tried the Mexicanbuffet-all meals were greatJapanese- Sat down at diner ready to eat until I saw a cockroach walk by my plate. I got up and left right away and went to the buffet. snack bar- also excellant.Tips- I left everyone tips for everything, when you go please tip the people they make next to nothing and they work their butts off and are the friendliest people in the world. I gave the bar tenders some old baseball hats and they went crazy for them, we brought makeup for the maids and chocolates, The people down their are so appriciative of this stuff.Disco- fun, a typical caribbian resort disco don't expect something from Saturday night fever. Same songs every night but still pretty fun.People- Like someone else said this resort is about 75% Europeans and that true. Lots of topless women.Good place to relax but not a party resort trust me its all families here or couples. Although there was more bad then good we still all had a great time the Dominican is a beautiful place and we weren't going to let anything ruin our trip please take my advise spend another $50 to $150 and go to another resort in Punta Cana I love this country so much and I would not want people to get a wrong impression about a country just by one bad resort.I highly recommend the Sunscape in Punta Cana Feel free to ask me any questions and remember everyone is entitled to their own opinion and this is mine.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awesome with little downfalls. This review is long but tells all! We were at the resort from August 29, 2004 to September 5, 2004. Overall, the resort and facilities were excellent and the location in respect to the beach was perfect.This was one of the few resorts where you could actually have a room with a view of the beach. Our room was situated directly behind the lobby with a view of the pool and the beach, which could not get any better. Many people complain about having a room near the ampitheatre, but this wasn't too bad. The ampitheatre was noisy but only until 11 at night, and if you had a front row seat on your balcony. Where our room was located, the hallway was open to the restaurant Alcazar which was noisy the entire night even though it closed at 1030. People complained about the roms being damp, but if you didn't open your slide-door when your air conditioning was set at 50 F, your room remained dry. The mini-bars were always being stocked with soda and water, just enough for a day, then they would restock.The restaurants had amazing food. The Italian and French food may not be totally authentic, but it was still really good and it is the Dominican interperetation. There was also very little wait for dinner at the A-LA-CARTE restaurants, max. 15min. The Dominican didn't seem to have the same access to all the foods we do at home. The cheeses were different from here, they seemed almost like processed cheese, but everything was still very very good. Munahana was a fun-time and the food was also amazing and they had some to-die-for desserts (fried ice cream).The buffet had a large selection and breakfast especially was very good there. There was always a wide selection of fruit juices that were good, healthy and very different from what you would get at home. The Marlin Grill had good food, but if you are getting anything from the barbeque, make sure it is fully cooked, especially the sausage. El Sombrero was a cool and somewhat romantic atmosphere outside and had very good food which included pizza and nachos for lunch. At lunch it took a while to get service on 2 occasions, but this was also the first week they had a menu for lunch, before it was just self-serve. There was more then enough choice for food.The bars were all around and you could get a drink anywhere you looked. If you are a year or two underage, just slip the man at the front counter a few dollars in order to get a wristband so you can drink the night away.The beach was amazing and there were many activities to participate in. There were also many chairs always available. The free banana boat ride was a bit short but they were more than willing to bring you on another ride for $10/person. If you are looking for body boarding, the waves weretiny here, but they are really nice if you are just looking to relax. There is also a small souvenir market with paintings, cigars, jewellery, rum, etc. about a 15 min. walk down the beach. The pool was very nice, the pool bar could get busy, and the last few days we were there, there was a new group of people who were disgusting and left cups and bottles in and around the pool, but the hotel was quick to clean it up. The pool was huge and really nice and there were many pool activities to participate in aswell. There were alspo many chairs available throughout the day.The problem with this resort came at night and with the plentiful amount of children running around. This is a great resort to come to if you have small kids, but 4 of us went ages 17, 17, 43 and 43 so it did not fit us so well. There is a playground and babysitting for kids as well as many other activities like rock climbing, ice skating (fake ice) and a trapeze which is for everybody but it mostly attracted kids and the kids still dominated through the night. There was a disco which was supposed to be for 18+ after 10 o'clock, but it was mostly 12 and 13 year olds and it even made me feel sort of wrong being 17 and in the club dancing with 12 year olds. Most night we ended up relaxing in the lobby bar listening to the amazing live band they had or walking the resort. The shows at night were a bit cheesy but funny for the most part. They tried to get everybody involved.Tips...well what can we say, the resort doesn't want you to tip, but $5USD goes a long way. If you tipped the person at reception, you got any view you wanted, we tipped our maid $10 and our room was very clean (she even got rid of all the sand from the beach). If you tip the bartenders, they really appreciated it, and it made sure yours was the first drink to be served everytime you showed up at the bar.If you are looking for excursions, I have a few suggestions. First, I wouldn't go off-site from the hotel by yourself, it is about a 3 mile walk to the entrance of the hotel and there isnt anything closeby. When you do find a restaurant, it is only a small town so be careful not to pick up HEP A or some other disease. We took part in two ATV tours. You can book one beside the towel hut at the pool, but the better one was if you booked with one of the Superclubs VIP people walking around in the lobby or outside. It was more private and we saw some amazing sites. Me and my father also went golfing at PUNTA CANA GOLF COURSE. This is the golf course you see in all the pictures of gold in Punta Cana. This was the most spectacular golf course I've ever seen and I have played courses in Myrtle beach, Scotland, California, and Florida. Overall, the vacation was pretty much perfect besides the children everywhere, so if you are going for your honeymoon or a romantic getaway, I would suggest trying to find an adults only resort.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2004
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful - but not for singles =-) My four friends and I vacationed at Breezes Punta Cana from July 16 through the 20th. The hotel/beach are GORGEOUS and are both very well kept. The only minor setback is that the atmosphere is not exactly singles friendly and that there is nothing to do in the surrounding towns, i.e clubs, restuarants...Here are just some random thoughts that might hopefully provide you with some insight...- The food was not BAD. It was not great, but definitly edible.- Definitly do the ATV tour that is offered next to the pool. It was a highlight for me, and deeeffiinnttllyyy worth the 50 dollars.- Take the walk to the market down the beach to the right. The guys there are really funny and the stuff offered is nicer and cheaper than that at the hotel.- I found nothing wrong with the rooms. I guess you could say the beds were hard but it didnt cause any problems for us. There were never any bugs in our room and nothing came up missing. We were pretty stupid and left our expensive camera and wallets on the bedside table a couple of mornings and still nothing was stolen.- Snorkeling was fun but there wasnt that many fish swimming around the reef we were taken to and the boat ride there was really painful. LoL.- There is absolutly nothing to do outside of Breezes or the other resorts, if you are looking for nightlife... this is not the resort for you.- I read this in another review but I can definitly justify the fact that the tiles around the pool are EXTREMELY slippery. Oh my lord we were slipping all over the place.Overall, my vacation was amazing. I loved the hotel and Punta Cana. I would definitly recomend this hotel to anybody who cared to listen =-)  
<Date>Sep 5, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DBeth
<Content>Beautiful ocean, horrible rooms My husband and I have just returned from a five day trip on 8/31/04. We were supposed to stay six days but decided to return home a day early. Let me start out by stating that after reading reviews for the past 2 months many of the reviews were right on the money. Do not expect a 4 star or even a 3 star hotel. You get what you pay for. The rooms were smelly, and dirty. We even changed rooms but they all smell the same. The food was less than desirable. Breakfast and lunch were horrible and dinner at the Italian and French restaurants were okay. We had come for some peace and quiet and left the children at home so we did not experience any of the watersports or outside the hotel excursions. The hotel is open so many areas are not air conditioned which was difficult to enjoy when it is more than 90 degrees each day. Lastly, the staff were friendly and accomodating and even though tipping is not allowed everyone tips since the staff make close to nothing each week. And yes most people including ourselves had some stomach problems because of the food. Make sure and take pepto bismal or something similar on your trip. We did however meet many nice people mostly from Europe since at least 75% of the people were not Americans. Would we go back? No way, but if you decide to go listen to all of the reviews!  
<Date>Sep 1, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We're definitely going back! My husband and I spent our honeymoon at Breezes from 8/8-8/15. We had a WONDERFUL time! I used this site for a lot of helpful tips to ensure that we had the best time we possible could. One thing I would stress to all is that YOU ARENT AT HOME! Whatever services and amenities you may be used to at home dont apply. Thats not saying you wont get get good service, because we most certainly did! From arrival to departure we received excellent service. Even down to a broken suitcase being repaired 5 minutes after we asked the front desk for help. We left gifts for the maid daily. Our fridge stayed stocked with soda and water. We had towels galore. KINDNESS GOES A LONG WAY! We tipped here and there. We used as much spanish as we could with everyone we met. The only thing we werent thrilled with was the food but we took care of that with a cab ride to town once or twice during the week, got some food from a local place, and all was great. The pool, the beach, the drinks, the people. It was wonderful. WE are definitely going back.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>materialmom
<Content>A GREAT Vacation ?but with some minor drawbacks My family visited Breezes from August 22nd through August 29th. Everyone in the family had a great time. If you are like me and are reading every single review on this website, kudos to you! There is a lot of information that was very helpful. Some of the items are true but please realize that tourists who are visting a very poor country expecting the highest quality of food and service will be disappointed. If this is you, change your plans?this is not the place for you.If you love the beach, you will love this place! That is the most attractive and appealing aspect of this island and this resort. The sand is like silk and the water is so crystal clear and clean it is unbelievable. Please be sure to take along a lot of sunscreen! SPF 15 or higher is recommended. You can sit on the beach for more than 20 minutes without having to dip, so plan on reapplying often too. The pool was nice, but warm and not refreshing in that heat so we stayed on the beach.The resort was one of the most aesthetically pleasing looking from the others we saw while walking and boating up and down the shoreline. The grounds are very nicely kept and there are many groundskeepers who are constantly, cleaning, raking, mowing, and sweeping endless amounts of sand from the sidewalks, to keep the resort looking nice.The rooms were clean, but there were some areas that definitely needed repair. Keep in mind this is a resort with over 700 rooms that are constantly turning over clientel. Keeping up with general maintenance on your own house is bad enough, think about what it takes to keep up a resort of this size. I saw maintenance workers and painters every day, so it not like they aren trying! The rooms are also a little musty smelling, but not disgusting like some other reviewers have implied. Remember, you are on a tropical island, where it is HOT and HUMID most of the timehat do you expect? The a/c worked great ?too great ?it was freezing most of the time, but not the fault of the hotel. My husband likes it frigid!!! The beds were hard and uncomfortable and the pillows were lumpy ?request a replacement if you get a lumpy pillow.Housekeeping ?if you want extra towels and your mini bar stocked appropriately, leave a couple of bucks for the maids. We translated a note into Spanish using the internet and printed 8 copies and took them with us. Every day we left a note, the money and a Snickers bar on the bed. The note simply thanked them for their excellent service and asked for extra water and towels. We found out that most of these people make only $35 per month, yes, per month. They are thrilled with the extra money and the jesture really goes a long way. Why the chocolate? A co-worker of mine who is from the DR recommended it since chocolate is very expensive. It is like a luxury item to them. Buy a bag of Snickers, Milky Ways or Hersheys, and give them out, they will love you.Mini-Club for kids. I would recommend it. We let our kids go to the mini club in the morning so that they could do the trapeze, trampoline and rock climbing wall. The girl who runs it, Carla, is very nice. They also take the kids to Manati Park on Fridays. The cost for the park is $20 US and the kids thought it was one of the best parts of their vacation. However, please note that you should pick your kids up exactly on time and not a minute later or you will find them playing pool in the lobby!The food was only mediocre. Again, remember you are visiting a very poor country. I sure that the resorts try to obtain the best quality meat they can get. Hope you like pork and steak, because many of the dinners include both. However, bacon was only served one day for breakfast. Also, everything is cooked ell done.?There is no such thing as rare or medium rare! The buffets are plentiful and the pastas and breads (which are always available) are the best. If you are on Atkins ?forget it for this vacation! There was always something to eat. Even our kids, who are picky eaters, found something every day. We visited the Italian and Japanese restaurants and they were both good. The Japanese was probably the best meal we had since everything was cooked fresh right in front of you. In order to avoid getting sick I suggest keeping away from the Seafood Buffet (I think it was Thursday night). Think about it, seafood, sitting out in an open air buffet setting in 87+ degree temperatures for a couple of hours?I don think so. Service. The service in the main dining was a little slow. They were understaffed with waitresses but had many busboys clearing plates. If you leave the table and it looks like you are almost done, they will snatch up your plates. It is their JOB to clear dirty plates. Many will ask before taking them away. My husband made it a point to make friends will all of the bartenders and they took good care of us. Again, a dollar here and there goes a long way! Try to learn a few key phrases in Spanish because only about 50% of the staff speak English.Sanitary tips ?Brush your teeth and rinse your brush with bottled water. Don open your mouth in the shower. The ice in the machines is okay ?it bagged ice made from spring water. Also, the water served in the restaurants and bars is bottled water and okay to drink. Select your food items carefully.We would probably try a different resort next time just to see if it is any better/worse or the same and for no other reason than that. Enjoy.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>StatenIsland_NYLoco
<Content>Great Vacation My family and I were at Breezes Punta Cana from 8/21 thru 8/27. After reading numerous reviews here and elsewhere, I was very nervous about what we might find at the resort. Thankfully, all my fears were unwarranted. My biggest fear was that one or more of us (we were with another family and totalled 9) would get sick from the food. I had Imodium and Pepto in all forms with me but didn't need to use either of them at all. While not great, the food was good and there was plenty to choose from. As far as the specialty restaurants went, we would get there at 6:00 p.m. and would get seated right away! The Japanese was the most crowded but since someone in our group was having a birthday, we were allowed to make reservations for that night. We all liked the French and actually ate there twice; the Italian and Mexican were good but I liked the Japanese the least. The room was adequate but the view was great. I requested a quiet room with an ocean view and my balcony overlooked the pool and ocean and was quiet (we were in Bldg. 5). Although the beds were a little too firm, the water pressure in the shower was strong, there was always hot water and the a/c was so cold that we turned it down at night. The grounds are beautiful and kept very nice. The pool is nice to look at but the water was so warm that I never went in it. I think it's hard to keep the pool clean when the guests would take drinks from the swim up bar into the pool and then leave them on the planters in the middle where they would then get knocked into the water. Those pina coladas really leave a film on the water! But it's the guests' fault, not the resorts. I saw the workers clean that pool every morning so I know it wasn't neglected. We stayed at the beach all day long. Yes, we woke early to get a shaded lounge but we're early risers anyway so this was not an inconvenience for us. The resort gave us a letter at check-in which said that security will remove the towels of anyone trying to reserve a lounge chair before 8 a.m. and they did do that on occasion so they're trying to please everyone. The people are very nice. The workers in the dining room are overworked because they're understaffed. The bartenders (with the exception of one or two) were about the most aloof in the resort -- they didn't seem to care if you were getting served or not but everywhere else the people were very friendly and helpful. We all truly had a wonderful vacation. I'm sorry we didn't take a tour but the week flew by and the kids had fun on the rock climbing wall, trapeze, etc. The shows were nothing to write home about but that's ok, they tried. We walked down the beach to the flea market and that was fun bargaining with the people. It's true -- you should immediately cut in half whatever price they ask for and then go from there. Anyway, I don't know if we just got lucky or if everyone else just likes to complain but we truly had a great time and we would recommend this resort without reservation.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2004
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Aefpapa
<Content>Unsanitary Breezes Punta Cana BREEZES PUNTA CANA was a nightmare. The resort was dirty. The pool had a layer of film around the top tiles. The pool bar smelled of rotting wood. Most resort guests complained of sickness due to poor sanitary conditions. The wait at the bar was approximately 15 to 20 mins. The plumbing was sub par. The linens smelled moldy. The staff was unfriendly. The elevator did not work consistently for the week we were guests. The entertainment was amateurish at best and not worth one minute of your time. We were sorely dissappointed in the resort. Beware  
<Date>Aug 28, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LIGUY
<Content>NOT FOR SINGLES!! Let me start by saying that it is absolutely beautiful there. Other than that-GO SOMEWHERE ELSE if you are looking for fun. Upon speaking to my travel agent she said that it is a great palce for singles to go  have fun. She should find another job. From wednesday nite when i arrived until monday when i left i was so bored out of my mind i wanted to leave many times. Two single guys in a family vacation spot is not my idea of fun or a good vacation. Rooms smelly, service fair at best, food bad to fair at best....i thought i could make the best of it since i was in vacation but it was extremely difficult to have a good time when you are expecting something totally different. It was a let down. Live  learn--NEVER AGAIN!!  
<Date>Aug 24, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Nuny
<Content>Loved Breezes Punta Cana August 2004We just returned from Breezes Punta Cana and we had a wonderful time. When we arrived at Punta Cana airport everything went smooth and fast. We took a bus to Breezes while it took us around 30 minutes to get to the resort. Weather was very hot and sunny. Don't believe the forecast they said it's going to rain the whole week but it only rained once for only 10 minutes. We were a family of four my husband and I, my two girls ages 14 and 10. Hotel was huge, well maintained. We had the 4000s room # on the 2nd floor. We paid for a garden view but they gave us a pool and beach view which was nice. What a view when we used to wake up in the morning with a cup of coffee in the balcony. It's a paradise with those lovely palm trees around the pool and close to the beach. Our room was very clean and comfortable. Aircondition worked fine, mini fridge was stock with soda and water every day. On the first day the maid left 3 towels for us, then my husband gave her a couple of dollars and it worked out. I think people who said it's better to give the maid some candy or toothpaste etc.. isn't a good idea. Those people are in need for money more than those junks. After we gave the maid a couple of dollars everyday she used to give us 6 towels, put more soda and water in the mini fridge. Also she cleaned the room and changed our sheets as we asked her to. Pool was nice and warm, My kids loved the pool but I couldn't leave the beautiful beach for the pool. We used to wake up early at 7:00 am to find a hut and chairs. It's so nice if you walk up early and take a walk by the beach. On the right side when you walk around a mile you will find a small market to buy some gifts. Beach is awsome,crystal blue water and white sand, palm trees all over the beach. It was sunny and very hot the whole week but that's the best part of it if you are a beach lover you will just jump in the water and cool down. Food was Ok,you always can find something to eat unless you are a fussy eater. Breakfast, there were a lot of things to pick from, pancakes, french toast, eggs, crepes, danish,cereal. I can't believe anyone can't have one thing from all those kinds of food.What are people talking about? What do people eat on a vacation? I think we mostly eat burgers and fries on vacation. When we go back home we can eat in a luxury restaurant or cook at home. Restaurants were fine, we went to the Italian which was just OK, and we went to the French twice which was better than the Italian. We didn't go to the Japanese but we heard it was good. Thank god we didn't get sick from the food, I ate a lot of salad and nothing happened. So don't listen to the bad reviews some people like to complain too much. I think Punta Cana is blessed with it's beautiful beaches, nice palm trees all year round and nice weather. If you think you are going to stay in Ritz hotel so you're wrong, if you want nice beach, weather, nice breeze to relax...go to Breezes Punta Cana.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Better than I expected...BUT food/water watch out My 6 year old son and I went to Breezes Punta Cana from August 2 - 9, 2004 and the trip was better than expected. After reading ALL of the reviews I was ready to reschedule to another resort as I was nervous about bringing my son there.First of all I would NOT recommend this resort for anyone with infants or toddlers or anyone with a compromised immune system due to the water and food preparation/handling. Also for those traveling with infants you will have to bring all of your baby food with you as it is limited.Airport was fine, paid the Departure Tax in advance, Customs and picked up our bags and was in the bus to the hotel all with in 20- 30 minutes. One of our bags had been rifled through but not sure if it happened in NYC or in Punta Cana. Bus was air conditioned and the ride to the hotel was about 35 ?40 minutes and very uneventful.The hotel is beautiful but it says it is a 4 star resort ?when you factor in the rooms, and the quality of the food it is really a 3 star resort. We travel constantly as my husband is a musician and have stayed in places ranging from the 4 Seasons in Nevis to the Holiday Inn in Aruba and Breezes in Punta Cana is definitely a 3 star.Our room was ready when we arrived @ 1:30. Check in took 3 minutes ?received our wrist bands for food, room key, lock and key for the room safe, towel cards. I would suggest that you pack in your carry on bag your swimsuit and sun block in case your room is not ready ?that way you can go to the beach/pool and relax.Also for room suggestions I would suggest anything from buildings 5, 6 or 7 as the other buildings (1-4) are close to the theater are very loud in evening during the shows. Also try and request a 2, 3, or 4th floor room. The ground floors are more prone to bugs ?BUT the top floor might have leaks from the infrequent torrential rain showers.The beds are firm and they are FULL size beds not queen size. If you are a family of four with lets say 2 full-size adults and 2 growing teenagers ?well you might need an extra room! It would be a tight fit. The closet door and the sliding glass doors were not working properly in our room but I made a call and both were fixed quickly. The first morning there ?there was a huge water bug in the tub and some very small bugs near the sliding glass doors. They exterminated and we did not see another bug for the rest of our stay.Bathroom was fine, bigger than I expected ?there was no hot water one day for 2 hours from 12-2 but they had notified us the day before but we were @ lunch/pool anyway. But there was always plenty of hot water and water pressure.The Air Conditioner worked great and was very easy to control the temperature and was not noisy at all.Noise ?there is noise in the evenings from the performers in the bar areas and from the shows in the open air theater ?but not all night, Also you can hear your neighbors next door, or people walking in the hallway ?as the floors are tile in the room and hallway, when someone above you drops something or wears high heels ?well you hear everything. So bring ear plugs if you are a light sleeper.Room ?Bring the following:Candles or air fresheners as the rooms can have a mildew smell from the A/C running all the time. Extra Hangers: the dresser is the size of a average night stand and has 3 small drawers. I just brought a dozen extra hangers from the dry cleaners and left them there. I would also bring one of these round multi-hangers with the clothes pins on them so you can hang up your wet swimsuits as they will take 2 days to dry in the bathroom. Our neighbors brought some twine or a bungee cord with them and strung it up from one end of the deck to the other and hung there suits there.Pillows: We brought some cheap pillows from Ikea with us as I had read horror stories ?but actually the pillows were fine unless you need a lot of pillows. The blankets did have a funky smell and housekeeping did change them the next day.Snacks: traveling with a small child who is quite active there are really no snacks available between meals except for popcorn at the bar so we brought a couple of cans of Pringles, and small parmalat milk boxes and juice boxes so when we came back from being @ the pool/beach all day he could have some cookies (which we grabbed at lunch) and some milk, chips, as dinner was not until 6:30 etc.The fridge was stocked with Pepsi, Diet Pepsi, Seven-Up and bottled water daily.Other things to bring:SUNBLOCK, bring extra ?they have it @ the hotel store but it is quite costly like $16 for a small 4 oz bottle. The sun it extremely strong I usually only use SPF 15 but ended up using SPF 30 for the entire trip! There were many sunburned, unhappy people there who didn expect the sun to be that strong. Bring a hat or a bandanna and aqua socks for the pool.Anything you might need for food poisoning, diarrhea, etc. I heard many complaints about the price of Immodium and Pepto Bismol were outrageous. But on a positive note the price of water floats, water toys, etc. were quite reasonable for the kids.FOOD: Breakfast is the best meal, yogurt, omelets, cereal, etc.Lunch and dinner ?well my son is NOT a picky eater ?but ended up eating spaghetti every night for dinner and either a hamburger or hot dog for lunch. We did not over indulge and made a point of trying to get to meals right when Alcazar opened when the food was fresh and not sitting out. Also be prepared for birds flying in/out of the restaurant so if you leave the table and your food is gone ?well. Also one thing that was annoying ?if you left the table for 15 seconds to get butter for your bread and you returned ?your plate would be gone! We finally were so annoyed is that we left a note on the table saying do not remove ?we are not finished eating our meal.My husband came to join us for 3 days during our trip and we ate @ the Japanese restaurant and he was still hungry afterwards and ended going to Alcazar later that night and for the remainder of the trip he was sick with horrible food poisoning. He suspects that is was the food in the buffet sitting out too long in the tropical heat ?but who knows it could have been anything. Someone also mentioned to take it easy on the pina coladas as the coconut crme/milk is a natural laxative?br/>Pool/Beach ?yes if you want a place at the pool or beach with an umbrella then you have to get up early 6:00 and mark your spot. It is totally annoying but as I had a small child I needed to make sure I had an umbrella in case he took a nap and I didn want him to get burned.The pool was huge, clean and beautiful. The swim up bar was fun for all and the afternoon dance contests were fun to watch. There were people cleaning the pool all day long and bar staff picking up all of the used drink cups, etc. Beware the pool deck is EXTREMELY SLIPPERY. Everyday we would see numerous people falling. The small kiddie pool was very clean as well.The beach is picture perfect.Kids Camp: My son unfortunately was not interested in the kids camp ?but the kids who were there seemed to be having a blast. Every 45 minutes or so they did a different activity, trampoline, rock climbing, swimming, arts  crafts, etc. and there was kids mini-disco in the evening. We ended up going to the pool or beach all day and leaving to have lunch in the main building. The food @ the pool restaurants looked like it was sitting out too long.Housekeeping ?I had read that people went to the dollar store and brought lots of little gifts for the housekeepers ?well we didn do that I just gave our housekeeper $3 to $5 a day instead of lugging a bunch of stuff down there with us. We had more than enough towels (although wash-clothes are VERY hard to come by ?you might want to bring your own? Our room was cleaned by noon or earlier everyday. Staff -- everyone was nice considering if you had to be on your feet all day in the heat and humidity making $35 a month!!!Tipping: I tipped the maid daily, we really didn tip @ the bars as we didn drink that much, we did tip the bellman on arrival from the airport and when he picked up our bags when we left the resort, and sometimes our beverage server in the evening as I had a small child and cold drinks were brought right away. But bring $1.00 bills with you as you cannot get them there. Other than that I think we spent about $20 the entire week and water toys, miscellaneous gift shop items and maybe $30 for the maid for the week. I think the most we spent was @ the airport where we spent $6.00 for a coke and a bottle of apple juice!Learn some basic Spanish it will help you immensely.Did we have a good time ?yes everyday was fun and my son and I were extremely happy with our trip (especially expecting the worse after reading the reviews).Would we go back ?probably not - only because of the food/water situation. We spent the entire vacation worrying about what we ate and if it was going to make us ill. My husband is still not right after his food poisoning episode. And he has never had any problems like this in the past and has eaten around the world. You could go to a Breezes in Curacao or Jamaica and not have those worries or problems.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>knj
<Content>Perfect holiday!!!!!!!! My family, consisting of myself, husband,and two daughters 13 and 15 years visited the superclub breezes punta cana 28th July-11th August this year. To sum it up we arrived back in England on the Thursday morning and by Friday afernoon we had booked with our very good friends to return next year. Some people have to moan moan moan. The hotel and the beach simply took our breath away. The only slight hiccup we had was that one of our rooms suffered from damp. This was soon recrified by two new rooms which were great. ALL the staff were polite friendly and efficient. The food exellent, good choice. Some parts of the hotel were more crowded than others but there was always somewhere to go if you wanted to be quieter. We are all excited about next year and cant wait to go back. Hopefuuly that is the best recommendation ever. Enjoy, we did and we will.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2004
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Want a good vacation? DO NOT STAY AT BREEZES! I left for PuntaCana with mixed feelings about staying at Breezes for four nights. I wasn't completely sure (from reading these reviews) of how my stay would be. When we finally arrived at the hotel, I took notice of the nice scenery and architecture of the hotel. It's pretty nice, there are pretty flowers, trees, etc. When we checked in, we were not greeted with anyone with drinks (unlike most hotels in puntacana) or happy faces. Instead, we were greeted by a weird singing man behind a desk. He hardly seemed to be interested in our questions about the hotel and check in procedures. In fact, the only thing he was worried about were his lyrics to the song he was singing. Anyway, we decided to get a bite to eat at the buffet ( Alcazar ) since we had hours to kill. As we arrived in the buffet, the setup was OK, but nothing to glorify over. Once I tried the so-called 'food', I was completely appalled. It seemed that everything was either undercooked, raw, or hard as a rock. The staff was HORRIBLE..hardly ever there to get you a drink, (you're better off just getting one for yourself..)the people serving the food give you mean looks if you ask for two ribs instead of one, and they drop things EVERYWHERE. I can honestly say that everytime I went to the buffet, I heard clashes and clangs of dishes, glasses, forks, etc. dropping. Such a shame. After we were done attempting to eat the food, we checked if our room was done. Staff was still very unhelpful, and it was quite disappointing. After three hours of waiting, our room STILL was not done. However, when a staff member flirted with my mother, we got a room immediatley. Hm, I smell shady staff, do you? Needless to say, we finally got a room. The rooms were a little on the small side, and after taking a shower, I noticed that the water pressure is bad, and so is the temperature of the water. It's either too hot or too cold. The TV would not work at times, and the beds were flimsy..can't they notice when sheets are too small for a matress? The maids hardly left us any soft drinks in the fridge, forgot to give us bottled water, and even forgot to give us TOWELS. On a lighter note, the beach is very pretty, but there is also a downside to it. It is a SHAME that people need to wake up at the crack of dawn to save huts on the beach. Why? Are we not on a VACATION? They need to put MORE huts on the beach, instead of causing hectic scrambling at 6:00 AM. It causes stress to beat the other vacationers on the beach, not relaxation! Also, there were clumps of bees EVERYWHERE on the beach. I am quite surprised that none of the staff did anything about this, and that I didn't get stung! The pool was quite disturbing, being that the water was always WARM..the pool water was not the cleanest, and had sand and residue on the bottom and sides.There are four restaurants in this hotel--mexican, italian, french, and japanese. The italian and french ones are a sorry excuse for cuisine. However, the Japanese was very good. Sadly, the staff at these restaurants are very unhelpful, rude, and slow. Entertainment is not the best. IN FACT, there are nights when there aren't any entertainment at all!Everyday it was a constant hassle to bring out the best in this hotel..being that there is hardly ANYTHING to rave about. I was extremely happy on our last day at Breezes, and made a vow to NEVER, EVER return to this hotel AGAIN. Please, take my word for it, this hotel is NOT anything special. It does not deserve the 'four apples' that it gets, it deserves only one. What a SHAMEit is that money was spent to spend five days at this resort!  
<Date>Aug 21, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dewdneygirl
<Content>Fandabbadozy holiday We stayed at Breezes Punta Cana from 26 July to 10 August and had the most wonderful holiday. We were 2 families each with our teenage sons and apart from the flight (we had to go via Manchester from Gatwick which had not been mentioned in the brochure or at check-in) there was nothing we could find to complain about.The staff were helpful and pleasant and were continually cleaning, polishing, sweeping and all areas of the complex were spotless. The beach was stunning, but you did need to get down early to get sun beds under the umbrellas. The pool was big with a swim up bar and lots of room for sun beds around it. We tended to sit on the beach but the pool was just behind it so we could take our pick where we wanted to swim.The main restaurant was enormous and even with the boys eating with us most evenings, we always managed to get a table. The staff immediately brought you water and took your drinks order and generally couldn't do enough for you. The food was excellent and always plenty of variety. Huge arrangements of salads, meat/veg dishes, a pasta station, always a separate station serving a carvery, or cooking steaks or fish. Breakfast was fantastic - cereals, pancakes, french toast, yoghurts, fruit, cooked breakfast and all the weird meats that the Europeans like! Always a massive bread station too, with all different types of rolls, breads, french sticks etc. The desserts were very good. Always an assortment of cakes, puddings and a variety of ice creams. The ice cream scoop was always in great demand but Lynne did get hold of it once or twice and I did get her photo with it!! We ate in the Thai restaurant which was a great experience and the food was excellent and cooked in front of you. We also tried the Mexican - not quite as good. The Italian was very good and again the service and food were excellent. We really don't know how the Americans (and it seems to be them that complain) can justify their complaints.The entertainment during the day if you have smaller children that join in seemed to be very well organised and they could be doing some activity or other from 10 - 4 if they wanted. We did the water aerobics with Happy Boy (he has so much energy!) and the boys played water polo and beach volleyball. The evening entertainment wasn't 5 star but it was good fun and all the Animation Team put in 100% effort.We didn't do any of the trips - preferring to read and drink cocktails on the beach from 9 - 7pm!!The boys hired the speed boats and we went up parascending- which were excellent value for money. Other than that we didn't need to spend any money whilst we were there.Our rooms were excellent. They were cleaned every day, the fridge re stocked every day with soft drinks and water. Our friends had previously been to a different resort in the Dominican which they had raved about but we couldn't get in there. But after staying at Breezes they said it was even better than their previous holiday.To sum up none of us could think of any criticisms to make of the resort at all. The weather was fantastic, the resort was clean, the food was excellent, the beach fan dabba dozy and the cocktails expecially the Banana Mamas delicious.Happy Holidays!!  
<Date>Aug 18, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>yahiram
<Content>My Fiance and I got very sick (emergency room). My fiance and i went to Breezes on july 28-30 and the service was terrible. First the room was not ready at 5 p.m when we check in. The Tub was having trouble with the running water and i had to complained twice for them to go and fix it... I was embarrassed with my Fiance because I was telling him great things about PUNTA CANA... that he wanted to go...I had been in different HOTELS in Bavaro, but this one ruined my Vacation. We both got sick the first night with a Oriental Buffet...After 3 days of Diarrhea My fiance end up in the emergency room at the capital (santo domingo) My last 3 days in the dominican republic were horrible. About the Maids, they are very slow or they need more staff working in that area...the second day the maid clean our room at 5 p.m YES!!! 5.p.m after i complained more than 3 times at the lobby ...there was not water runing at the hotel on the 29th for more than 2 hours and imagine two people with diarrhea trying to use the toillet !!! SAD....VERY SAD.....THE BEACH .....BEAUTIFUL, i knew that, most of the beaches of this ISLAND are white sand, blue water and sunny. I lived there many years. But AGAIN Breezes Punta cana is not the most competitive place to spend your money in... I got some paintings from them very expensive and i sow same paintings (frames-pictures)outside the hotel about 50 % less than what we paid....Please search better before you decided to go on vacation...PS I wrote a email to the manager of SUPER CLUBS which is the one that advertise this HOTEl...they never wrote back to me, I had to take my Fiance to the emergency room due to food poinson and he was dehydrated because so many days with diarrhea. I got better when i came back to new york and went to my doctor. He has seem his doctor twice. There most be something in the food because i heard two families complaining about stomack pain and having same issues....  
<Date>Aug 17, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Mixed feelings ... Visit : Aug. 6th-13th, 2004# of people in my party: 4Self (age 39), Wife (38), 2 daughters (15) + (13)Airline: USA3000, non-stop from Newark NJ to Punta CanaI returned yesterday from Breezes, Punta Cana. Here's my honest comments:-Like everyone, I read all the reviews, cruised the internet, and basically went to the Dominican Republic (DR) as 'clued up' as I possibly could - this being my first visit to the Country. Looking back, the most important 2 things I remember were:-(1) Keep an open mind, and most importantly (2) remember where you are going. After all, the DR is one of the poorest countries in the world, so obviously their standards will not be as high as what most of us here in the US are used to.Flight was great going. USA3000 is one of these small, almost 'gourmet' type airlines flying all brand new Airbus planes. No problems at all. Punta Cana airport is quite a sight. The entire arrivals building has a 'straw' roof, and is all open to the outside air, so very hot and humid, but the distance from the bottom of the steps of our plane (yes you have to walk from the plane acroos the tarmac to the arrivals building) to the parking lot outside is about 200 yards. We sailed through immigration, our cases were waiting for us, and we were literally in our transfer bus within 20 minutes of the plane touching down on the runway.Transfer time is about 35 minutes to Breezes from the airport.We were greeted at the hotel with a welcome fruit punch (non-alcoholic) drink that was nothing special (my girls hated it), but at least they tried to make the effort. We checked in around 12.30PM, but the room wasn't going to be ready until around 3.00Pm (we knew that in advance), so they at least give you your 'bracelet' that you have to wear to enable you to get served at bars and restaurants so that you could burn some time up and get something to eat+drink at the same time. Remember this when you are dressing for your flight out. Dress accordingly, because you'll have to spend a couple of hours or so in (potentially) inappropriate clothes if you don't think ahead. it wasn't particularly hot (I would guess mid/upper 80s), but the humidity is brutal, and it does not go away at night. On top of this, basically everywhere apart from your room is open to the atmosphere (i.e. no windows or doors), so you can't get away from it.The rooms (we had 2 rooms with an adjoining door which was great) were sparse. Beds were poor. No boxsprings - just a mattress on top of the frame. The bed linen was poor quality and in need of replacement very soon, but (most importantly) we found it clean. We left a $ or two in each room each day for the maid, and we had no problems with getting anything we needed after that. Standard issue seems to be 2 towels per room, which (when I think you could have 4 people in each room) was ridiculous, however we spoke to our maid after the first day (and after her first $4), and we had 4 towels per room per day for the rest of our stay. Bathrooms were just about ok as far as cleanliness is concerned, but my wife is in the hotel business in the US, and she says they would never come close to passing an inspection over here, but again, for where we were, I guess they do the best they can. We (or rather the hotel) had a bit of a problem with the water during our week. 2 of the days we had no hot water at all (i.e. for 48 hours straight), and another day nothing came out of the hot water faucet at all !. REMEMBER - DON'T DRINK THE FAUCET WATER !There is a mini-fridge in the room that the maid re-stocks every day. Nothing special.... a few bottles of water, a half-dozen assorted sodas, but nice to have something cold and wet at hand if you get thirsty during the night. The A/C was a god-send. It seemed to work very well, and could not have been done without. Food was ok (remembering where you are). Nothing special, just ok. The buffet usually had a large enough choice of things to cater for everyones needs. One of my daughters is a particularly fussy eater, and she made out ok. All meals had a large 'serve yourself' buffet selection of food, as well as numerous 'specialist' stations, where you could have eggs cooked to order at breakfast, or pasta freshly made at dinner.. that sort of thing. I was careful to stay away from seafood. The quickest and easiest way to get ill in that sort of climate if the food is not stored and prepared exceptionally well. We found tables weren't being cleared and reset for the next diners quick enough, consequently lots of spare tables, but hardly any ready to accept you. Tip - take a drink in with you to lunch or dinner (or collect a glass of juice before anything else at breakfast). This way you can find a table and 'reserve' it with your drinks and then go get your food rather than wandering round with plates of food that is getting cold. Once at your table, drink service is not too swift, unlike the collection of dirty plates and utensils which seem to disappear from under your nose as soon as the last forkful of food is on its way up to your mouth!.The outdoor 'snack' places we tended not to use. Again, meat and suchlike being stored, prepared and cooked outdoors didn't entice me after the first few times I passed by and looked at it on their grills, although the bar down behind the aquatic Center near the trampoline and trapeze served fresh cooked pizza that was quite good, even if you had to wait on line to get it (remember- it isn't Domino's !).The only other restaurant we ate in was the Japanese restaurant (on the 2nd floor). They only have a ceretain number of places per sitting (dining times were 6.30,7.15, 8.00, 8.45, 9.30), and only cater for about 200 people per night, which is a ridiculous number of people when you consider the size of the resort. Worth a visit... they cook it in front of you with local Dominican chefs. No tricks or audience participation (remember.. it's not Benihana's), they just cook it, and serve it. Food was not bad, although I thought they overcooked it a bit. Only problem here was the silly reservation system. They started making reservations at 6.00PM on the day you want to eat, regardless of the time you want to eat that night. (They only take reservations for that night. If you wanted to eat tomorrow, you had to come back and make your reservation tomorrow). The line for reservations starts forming around 5.15-5.30, so you have to wait in line in the humidity for 30-45 minutes to get in. Show up at 6.00 or 6.15, and you may be out of luck and find it full for that day.Didn't go to the other restaurants. The French apparantly was ok food, but the portions were so small you went from there straight to the buffet downstairs because you were still hungry. The Italian was apparantly a poor attempt at imitating Italian food, and was disappointing. Again, these are comments I heard from other people. I had no first hand experience.Bars were ok.... only one beer... the local brew called Presidente. Liqours seemed to be cheap 'imitations', very few 'household name' brands. Let me clarify here. I'm NOT inferring anything was 'watered down' or stuff like that. I'm simply saying that if you are a scotch whisky drinker, you could tell that what you were being served was definately not Dewars or Johnnie Walker, or a vodka drinker could tell what they were drinking was not Absolut or Grey Goose. Beers were served in the same size glasses as the cocktails i.e. about 1/4 pint. They needed to be larger. All the ice they used seemed to be from filtered, 'drinkinkable' water. In fact, a few times I saw them using bagged ice, similar to what we would buy at the store in the US.Didn't spend much time in the pool. It looked great.... nice size... good design... but too many people were eating their food in the pool, drinking their drinks in the pool. I saw a half eaten hotdog bun (minus the hotdog) floating about one day. Also, too many babies in the pool wearing diapers. I know there are these 'swimmie' pants available now, but still it was gross. The last time I used the pool, I truly believed it was everyones private and personal toilet. Another easy way to get yourself sick. The beach was great. Golden sand that was like putting your feet onto confectioners sugar, clear warm water. Nice waves, large enough to be fun, but not large enough to be dangerous to the kids. Spent the majority of our time on the beach to be honest. One bad thing here. Sunbeds + shady places. There are loads of beds, lots of shady places, but you need to get up at the crack of dawn to get one !. The hotel says anything left on the beds before 8.00AM will be removed, but if they did that, half the towels of the hotel would be confiscated!. Seriously, I was getting up at 6.00AM (lucky I'm an early riser), going down to the beach, and putting my towels on 4 sunbeds in the shade (and I wasn't alone here). If you didn't, by 8.00AM there was nothing left apart from a handful of beds in the sun, and trust me, you will FRY LIKE BACON if you spend the day in the sun. I hear the pool beds were the same. It's stupid, ridiculous, but I wasn't going to beat them, so I had to join them.Would I go again ? Maybe.Was it what I expected ? No better, no worse.Was it value for money? It was about what I would have expected to pay for a week in Europe  
<Date>Aug 14, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We WILL come back to Breezes We stayed at Breezes from Aug. 3 - Aug. 11, 2004.First, I've read several reviews that said there's no bathrooms near the pool. LIARS!! (Well, that's too strong of a noun... how about UNIFORMED?) Just ask... bathrooms are in the pool restaurant under the staircase on the left (the kitchen is under the staircase on the right.) I mean, geez people.... just ask before slamming a place. Do your research, please!Now, this review is being written after having visited 4-star resorts in Cancun, Playa del Carmen, Akumal, and Cozumel, all for 1 week periods.We (family of 7) really liked the place. It's a big resort, and it takes awhile to walk around everywhere, but we enjoyed our entire stay. THE ROOM: We did have to move to a 2nd room because of problems with the 1st room (we had problems with the door lock and difficulty with getting the shower to work). Our second room had a great view of the pool (and the beach through the trees) and was relatively close to everything. The room number was 5312. The rest of the family was in 3323. They liked their view (and location) as well. It was far enough away from the night entertainment so that it was fairly quiet. We never heard any of our neighbors at any time.On a few occassions during the day I'd run into the maid when I needed to return to the room for something. I would tell her we had 4 people in this room and needed 4 towels and plenty of water. We had towels and water in adequate amounts. And we left some tips for her. Taking your problems to the front desk seemed alittle slow in getting things resolved. But, this 700+ resort has alot of people coming and going. I noticed that there was a paper door-hanger (hung along with the Do no disturb hanger) that allowed one to fill out any report that the maid would pick up and deliver to get problems fixed.All rooms we were in had very good air conditioners. The TV's and CD players/radios worked fine. No problems with smells or electrical issues. No ants, no bugs... except for an infrequent misquito that would find it's way into the room... likely from us using the balcony door. During the entire stay, I think we counted 2 misquito bites.I REALLY liked the room fridge... What a nice feature. At other resorts we've stayed at, you had to either find a common water dispensor (that might be empty) or carry water back from the bar to use in brushing your teeth. Having a tea/coffee maker in the room was convenient as well.THE FOOD:We never were disappointed with the Alcazar (buffet). The breakfast, I think, was the best. It had choices galore. Our kids ate either pancakes or cereal. We adults ate a variety of things. My favorite was the french toast. One time, I was at the bread station but couldn't find the butter (which they keep in an ice bath). They must have been right in the middle of replentishing it back in the kitchen. I asked a staff guy where the butter was, and he said he would bring it to my table when they brought it back out. That's the kind of attitude we saw repeatedly. One time I couldn't locate someone to pour me a coffee, and when I went over to the serving station to pour me a cup, the staff guy almost had a heart attack... No, don't touch this! I will pour! I will pour!.The evening meals had an incredible number of choices. With people's taste's so different, you HAD to find something appealing there, even to the most picky eater (i.e., my daughter, and she never went hungry!).My wife LOVES lobster, and Thursday nights are seafood night. She gave their lobster high commendations. The french restaurant was ok, but wasn't good enough to reserve again.The italian was not very good at all. We each tasted each others' plates to see if anything was appealing to another's personal tastes, but it wasn't. Maybe it was just an off-night, as I heard other people like the food there. On our return next summer, we'll give it a try again.The mexican restaurant was not that great either (but we live in the Dallas area where we are likely spoiled with good mexican food). I had heard that the mexican restaurant had a very good pizza selection, but I didn't find out about that until our last day...The JAPANESE was EXCELLENT. My finicky daughter of 7 said That's the best chicken I've ever tasted!. We tried to reserve that again, but it was a high-demand restaurant (for good reason). Everything we ate there was very good.The pool grill had some GREAT chicken. It was never a dissappointment, and the longest I've had to wait for food there was maybe 1 and a half minutes.... usually I could walk up and get what I wanted.THE BARS:All our drinks were either mud slides, pina coladas, or strawberry daq's. They did them all very well. A few times I just wanted to drink alot of the pina coladas, so I would order it virgin and drink it in my 20 oz cooler that I brought with me. Waiting time was anywhere from immediate to maybe 3 minutes (depending on the crowds). I think the swim-up pool bar did the best mixing, but they usually had the longest waiting time.THE BEACH:Incredible.... Lots of white sand. Out into the water, you would find an occassional rock or broken up coral piece, and the water temp was cooler than what I found in Cozumel, Cancun, Playa del Carmen, or in Akumal. That ocean will be sorely missed.SCUBA DIVING:One dive was somewhat lacking sea life, but the wreck dive made up for it. Lots of different types of fish. The wreck appeared to be a tanker that ran aground in the '50s, so there was a good accumulation of sea coral on it. The propeller was a huge thing to see and examine... really big. The tanker was around 200 meters long, but it has broken into 2 pieces.ACTIVITIES:I wanted to take the all-day trip to Catalina Island, but ran out of time. Didn't make it to Saona Island either. We did a lot of leasure lounging on the beach, and I don't regret that at all.The wind was a consistent breeze to the west, so my father-in-law and I would launch our kites, and tie them off on something sturdy. For some good looking (and good flying) kites, go to ------. You'll find plenty to fly either down there or in your hometown (and no, I don't work for any kite place... it's just a hobby...).PIX WITH ANIMALS:There are a couple of guys with blue Fuji Film shirts on and they have either parrots, monkeys or snakes with them. A picture with you and the animals costs $6 U.S. which you pick up near the west side of the main lobby. We had severals pictures made and our kids love to show them off.SHOPPING:If you haven't read up on this island's deep appreciation for baseball, please do so. Instead of bringing lots of cash, I brought a set of 10 baseballs with me (along with a ton of McDonald's fun meal toys that our kids don't play with anymore). My only regret is in not bringing baseball gloves... that would have been a PERFECT item for trade. There is a set of large tents (flea market, as we referred to it) approximately 20-minutes walk time down the beach (to the right as you face the ocean). They ask unreal prices for things, but be persistent with what you are willing to pay, walk away a couple of times, and shop at the next tent. They will come down to an accommodating price, but it will take time. Also, take some drinking water with you. After haggling with these guys, you'll likely need it. The resort has a store with things from postcards to peanuts and candles to candy. All prices are marked in the Dominican peso, so don't think a paperback book is 150 dollars U.S., ok? The exchange rate is approx. 400 pesos = 10 dollars U.S. If you pay in U.S. dollars, expect to get D.R. pesos in change. They have a cigar store there at the resort, but I'm not into that stuff, so I don't know what kind of price you'll encounter there. On the trip to/from the airport, I was saddened by the amount of trash by the road and out in the fields... It seemed more trashed than the areas of Mexico we've visited.If I think of anything else, I'll likely provide it as a separate review.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Stinky and Creepy We just returned from a week at the Punta Cana Breezes - July 31 - Aug. 7/04. It was a family holiday with my husband and I, our 16 year old daughter, her friend, our daughter-in-law and grandson. We had heard that Breezes Resorts were great.Punta Cana Breezes was far from great! Our room smelled awful, musty and damp. The lumpy pillows smelled terrible and the sheets on the bed were not only threadbare but barely fit the hard mattress. The room was in desperate need of a fresh coat of paint. We complained about the smell and asked for new pillows. Something was done to improve the smell in the room but we didn't get new pillows until the third day after we had to ask for a second time. As the week went on the smell started to come back and it was constantly damp. On another day after the room had been cleaned we had no towels and we had to call twice before we got some.The first morning we went down to the pool about 8:30 a.m. only to find there were towels on all the sunbeds. We found the same thing on the beach. What we thought was ridiculous was that there were towels but no people sitting on them for most of the time. The next day and every day after I had to go down before 7 a.m. to put towels on the sunbeds if we wanted a place under an umbrella.Regarding the dining facilities, the number of restaurants for the capacity of guests was not nearly sufficient and the process for getting into them was poor. On top of that the quality of the food at any of the restaurants was mediocre to say the least.The resort staff did not inform us that there were options other than the buffet for dinner. We found out from other guests that there were four additional restaurants - Japanese, Italian, French and Mexican. To get into the Japanese one needed to line up starting at 5:30 p.m. and wait until 6 p.m. or so to book a time dinner that night only. That was more or less satisfactory. To get into the others you could not book a specific time but regardless you had to line up to put your room number on a list and then wait for your room number to be called out. Every evening there were crowds of frustrated guests waiting to reserve and when they found out they couldn't actually book a time there were arguments between the guests and the staff person taking the room numbers and between guests and other guests, which caused very bad feelings.One morning our daughter's friend found a bug in her scrambled eggs. When we pointed it out to the floor supervisor he picked up plate, picked out the bug saying that it was an ant and said that he would tell the manager. He then walked away without further comment or apology. Re the resort staff, generally speaking were not particularly pleasant or happy. There were some exceptions who were very nice and in general, the female staff tended to be friendlier. We found the male satff to be, for lack of a better word, creepy, and made the females in our group very uncomfortable. Our daughter and her friend said they were constantly harrassed by the male staff. One of the entertainment staff was exceptionally rude to her, making derogatory comments about her nationality and her appearance. Constantly during our week we overheard disgruntled guests complaining about various things - the staff, the restaurants and food, the rooms, etc. Like us they had heard that the Breezes Resorts had an excellent reputation. We were among those who had a certain, reasonable expectation and were very disappointed.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Dirty Pool and REALLY BAD SERVICE Me and my family recently just arrived from a trip to Breezes in Punta Cana. We stayed from Wednesday August 4 ?Saturday August 7 and could honestly say it was the worst hotel I have stayed in. The hotel grounds were beautiful but the pool was dirty and the service was really really bad. At check in, there was a girl in the front desk who could not even tell us where our room was let alone the times to eat at the restaurants. When we would eat at the restaurants they would remove our plates when we were not even finished. Some woman that worked for the hotel even said something really bad to our son who is only 5. The bartenders in the swim up bar had the worst face ever. In our rooms, the TV did not work and neither the control, and the pillows were hard and bumpy. I called to complain and till 2 days later did they not come to fix our TV. When I mentioned the remote control, they told me I had to go down to the lobby to get another one. (I have never had to take a remote control down to the lobby for a replacements). The refrigerator in our room was never stocked with enough soda nor water and to make things even worse, there were 3 people in our room and we only had 2 towels a day. I called to complain again and still they kept putting 2 towels in the room. Not only the towels but they only put those bathroom soaps the fist day; After that no more soaps for us!!!! Finally, we went to complain downstairs to the supervisor in the lobby and still all we did was waste our time. He didn even apologize and rudely ignored us!! We were so mad. Our family and I had 2 rooms 5127 and 5115 and could honestly say it was the worst experience in a hotel I have ever had. We would never go back to this hotel and it is a true shame such a nice hotel has such bad maintenance and service!  
<Date>Aug 9, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>beautiful beach / problem with our maid service Our stay was from 7/07/04-07/14/04 Our first time in Punta Cana. We loved the beach, the crashing waves and the powdery sandy beach. I recommend eating buffets when first set up. Example 7:00am breakfast,12:30pm lunch and 6:30pm dinner for the buffets. Thats when everything fresh cold and hot. We didnt care for mexican and the Japenese was a wonderful dining experience. We didnt try the Paris. No problem getting into Mexican but the Japenese was hard to get a reservation, tryed several times and finally got in one night.The pool looked very lovely but bathrooms are no where in sight. I didnt swim in pool because it seemed like a huge bathroom. Pool seemed very crowded so the batchroom inconvience didnt seem to bother them. We beached it for 7 days. BREATHTAKING VIEWS! We were hearing that alot of people get food poison and our 13 year old son did get sick with high fever and other things but only lasted 24hrs. Our biggest complaint was getting towels from our maid. There were 3 of us and she only would leave one washcloth. I talked to the maid several times at no avail. We would tip her and leave gifts and still no clean towels. Other than our poor maid svc. and the 4 story walk to our hotel room with no elevator to our room we had a wonderful time and will proably go back to Breezes unless a better offer comes our way.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>we loved it HI,I went to Breezes punta cana May 1st to the 8th.The plane ride was fine.The ride to the resort was fine, even stopped for Beer, which made my husband and our friends very happy. We traveled with another couple.We checked in the afternoon, had a bellboy and all our luggage.Our first night we had a room facing the back of the resort. Asked to be changed to a poolview and the changed us the next morning. What a view. Everymorning we had coffee on the patio before heading to the beach.Had no trouble with service, a few dollars here and there help. They don't speak alot of english. If you did research before you left you would know. So we brought our spanish book. It helped not being hispanic. We had no complaints about the food, some of of it was not so great, if your fussy. But the buffet always had something you could like.Would we go back again, yes.........The beach was beautiful, have to get out really early for a hut.Was alittle afraid of going to a 3rd world country, but it was great and do the Sarfari, well worth the money and hope to get Alex and Sosa. Alex speaks excellent english and will happy to answer all your questions about the country, my friend talk his ear off.Maybe going back next yr with a bigger group, that's how much we loved it.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ChicaVika14
<Content>Mixed Feelings about this one.... My boyfriend and I visited Breezes from July 25th to August 1st. I am 22, and my boyfriend is 24, and for the amount of money that we paid for this trip we can really complain. The flight, customs at airport, and transfer were all smooth. Luckily we didn have to drop off other people at other resorts, so we got to go straight to our resort. Upon arrival we didn get any welcome drink or any hellos either, but the check-in was really easy and fast, and I just cared to get into our room and change into our bathing suits! Our room was in building 6, with the view of the garden and resort next to us, but to the left we could still see the sea, which was nice. I cannot complain about the room, because I have traveled to many places, and slept in old hostels in Europe, so this room was good compared to other rooms Ie stayed in. We had all the necessary things, and since we were out of the room most of the day, I wasn worried about the things we did or didn have. Surprisingly, I found the bed very comfortable. I have read all the reviews all the time before coming to Breezes, and have read that the beds are really hard and uncomfortable. I always have a hard time sleeping in other beds except for mine, and always wake up with a backache. But each night I got a great sleep and felt rested the next day, but the beds are really hard. I also left couple dollars and lotions and body washes for the maid, like suggested, but we didn get any special treatment and it seemed like she put less beverages into our fridge.  Okay, so the food am Ukrainian, so I am used to eating things that other people wouldn touch. I will start with buffetor the most part it was okay, and it was the potatoes that really kept me full. I do have to say that one night they had the Oriental Night, and the spring rolls were really good! On the contrary to what other people have said here, I though Breakfast was the worst meal of the day. It was all the same, and the omelets were never fully cooked. And it always seemed forever to get a drink during lunch and dinner. Once you wait 10 minutes and get up to get your own, they tell you to sit down and than they wait on you. But I agree with what others said; there is just not enough staff for all the people. And I know these people work long days with little pay. While we were there, they were 95% booked, and they even offered to move us to a different hotel the last 2 days of our stay. We went to all of the specialty restaurants, and I personally liked Japanese and French the best. We met a wonderful couple from Canada, so we all had dinner together, and for the most part the food was great at all the restaurants. But I think Italian was the worst because it was really plain. You had to get there around 5.30 or 5.45 for the 6 olock seating, when the restaurant is full, they take down your name and room #, but you don know when to come back, because it not like a reservation. So instead you have to keep checking back every so often to make sure you didn miss your room #. The whole system for these restaurants is ridiculous, and inconvenient, especially because everyone at this resort is there on vacation. The Marlin was okay if you didn want to get fully dresses to eat at the Alcazar, so you can just put a wrap around and go eat there. It was nothing special, but I did enjoy the bread and fresh salad!!!  Speaking of which, we decided to feed the fish like other people suggested in their reviews. It was great because there are so many of them, and they really do eat right out of your handst one time we saw a dark fish really close to shore as we were feeding, it was like a foot and a half long, so we quickly ran out of the water not knowing what it was, but it just swam away. Out of all the places I have been to thus far, this has been the most beautiful beach. The water was turquoise blue, the sand was soft, and the waves were the best! I did have to wake up like at 5:45 to get a spot under the shade, since the sun is hot starting early morning until the evening, it was nice to relax under the shade for a few to take a break from the heat! BRING LOTS OF SUNSCREEN!!! We only spent 5 min in the pool; it was full of kids and was just too warm (I wonder why). But the lay out of it was nice.   Also a suggestions, before I left I kept checking the weather and it was saying T-Storm/Rain, needless to say I was freaking out. But the weather was beautiful, it rained 2 times while we were there: once on the first day we got to Punta Cana, and the following day, in the evening when it was dark for like 3 minutes. So do not believe the Forecasts!!!  Sorry about this book I have written, but I just want to make sure I include everythingastly I just want to make a suggestionf you have the opportunity to go on a day trip, do the Sanoa Island Tour!!! It was a blast, with beautiful scenery!! It well worth the $85 we paid for it!!!  Overall we had a great vacation, and didn let little things get to uses some people were rude, and I speak Spanish and didn get any special treatment. Although I though they really appreciated me speaking to them in Spanish and my boyfriend's attempts to do the same?br/> Bottom line: Resort and Beach BEAUTIFUL!!! Food not so good, VIVA EL PRESIDENTE (beer was great)! Restaurant system needs to be modified. Otherwise if you are on a budget, open minded, and just want to relax on the beach, this is not bad. We would like to come back to DR, but not to Breezes.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Bread bugs Ok let me start by saying I had probably read every review there is on this site before we left for breezes, and as you will find to each his own. We stayed at breezes for 11 days 7/20-7/31, So I feel as though I am Dominican now. We had no problems with tranfers or witht the flights they went fine. The airport is quite a sight to see, its quite beautiful acutually. But when we arrived at the resort, we had no welcome drink nor friendly hello's. If you don't speak spanish like myself do yourself a favor and either take a course or don't go to this resort. No one speaks english, and I mean no one. They speak it when they're in the mood to bu not often. And yes I realize this is another country and Spanish is their native tounge, however this is a resort and quite a bit of the staff should be bilingual it's only professional. Our room was ok. There's not but three very small drawers so bring lots of hangers. We didn't recieve an Iron until our 7th day there and eight phone calls later. The room was kept clean but somehow we had vistors. Ants wouldn't bother me if they stayed on the floor, but when they end up in your bed it's a bit of a different story. I never recieved a wash cloth nor anykind of frill or decoration despite me leaving a couple of dollar each day for the maid. The hotel itself is Amazing. It's absolutely beautiful. I can't complain a bit as far as the grounds go they're immaculte. The pool is very large and in most areas was full of children. If you have children or like children that's great. But I'm 22 and don't feel the need to fight with a 6yearold for a spot at the bar. There are lots and lots of chairs, so finding a spot isn't that difficult. The beach is amazing. If you walk to the left which happened to be my favorite area there is nothing but bare beach for well over a mile. It's wonderful if your a couple who needs some time away or a single trying to get rid of tan lines. Directly behind the resort is quite crowded and it is difficult to get a hut if you want one, but who goes to the beach to sit in the shade? This was also a favorite area of my boyfriends, cause topless sunbathing will get you arrested in the states but everybody is doing it in the Dominican!! It was quite a sight I must say. Now to the food. I am still feeling ill. I never drank the water I brought pepto and Immodium but still got quite sick. The main buffet is best described as disgusting. The pool bar is ok if you can catch the fresh stuff. Don't eat the hamburger or hot dogs, I'm not sure what their made of but it's not meat or at least anything I could identify. Which is pretty bad cause I'm southern and if you can shoot we'll eat it basically. But I was dining out by the pool one day and decided to get a hot dog. There were no buns so I grabbed a half of a baguette. Well as I was getting ready to take a bite out of my bread two black bugs crawled out of my bread and right back in. Not my kind of meal. We went to three of the specialty restaurants. The French we went to 3 times, it was woderful. I had almost every option that you could eventually off of the menu. Every thing was woderful and I can say the same for the italian I had the chicken and it was to perfection. The service here is also woderful. Sve your time and skip the japanese ti took us three nights to get a spot and it was the bigges joke I've ever seen The cooks work hard but the food Sucks!! All in all it truly is a beautifu place. Not much to do but that's ok I'm on vacation. THe service and food...... they suck. If you get a great price and are a family then go, single ? coupled? don't waist your time or money!!  
<Date>Aug 3, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Brilliant Had a great time was there 14 July to 28 July 2004The beach the people the food and the resort all excellentMeet some great people from Wigan and Burnley made the holidayMy only negative point was to get a lounger beside the pool you had to be up at 6.00 am to put your towel outA big thank you to the entertainment staff especially although everyone else from the maids to management work very hard I would recommended this resort to anyone and hope to go there again in the futureTen out of Ten  
<Date>Aug 3, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JazAPD
<Content>Budget-minded, Family-friendly place I visited Breezes Punta Cana from July 18-25. I arrived with my girlfriend and we were meeting with a group of about 60 arriving over the course of the week to attend a wedding on Friday.Our room was in building 3, and with a direct view of the trapeze and the beautiful ocean beyond it. The amphitheater was off to the left and was never too loud in our room. Then again, we found little reason to be in the room between 8:30-11pm anyway. Our neighbors did say it kept them up one night -- too bad for them. In the mornings, the door did not provide much insulation from the clattering plates and voices at the Alcazar buffet beneath us, but it ensured we didn't sleep too late.The room smelled a little stale and like cigarettes, but due to the suggestions I'd read here ahead of time, I brought some stick-ups (air fresheners) and they worked well. Our bathroom mirror had some mold along the perimeter but wasn't obtrusive so we didn't bother complaining about it. We had a few tiny ants near the coffee pot, but wiped the area down with some bug repellant that we'd brought and that was the last of 'em.The bartenders and hotel staff overall do a good job considering they are overworked and most likely very underpaid. Our maid Carmen was courteous and provided plenty of towels, water, and Pepsi with a modest tip and some chocolates. Each bar had only two bartenders during all but the busiest times, and they worked long shifts. The trick was to tip them well and early during your trip and they remembered you throughout the week. As more of our group gathered over the next few days, they happily encouraged our raucous behavior and gladly served us promptly. A few dollars every now and then really did wonders. There were times that we waited a long time for drinks like everyone else but that was usually because of the overwhelming number of kids at the bar at any given moment.Which brings me to the atmosphere. Very family-oriented place. Great if you have children under 18, or maybe under 22. If you're a parent, you'll be able to relax as they find many activities to participate in. If you're a child/young adult, you'll have plenty of kids to hang out with. The majority of our group was in the 25-35 year old range traveling without kids -- which put us in a position of often finding things to do on our own. This is not a single's resort. This isn't a couple's romantic vacation either. So most of our time was spent lounging, drinking heavily, sitting, eating, then drinking some more. Oh, did I mention we sat a lot?The only gripe with the abundance of kids is that they took over the bars, especially the pool bar, at times. I don't believe that children should even be allowed to have liquids in the pool -- they don't need that kind of encouragement to pee -- and they would dangle up there in droves waiting to get non-alcoholic concoctions and making us poor adults waiting for our frosty treats.The weather during our week down there was brutally hot. Don't rely on weather forecasts ahead of time-- they suggested Rain/Cloudy all week long and we literally had about 30 minutes of cloud cover over 7 days. They forecast the weather from the airport (45 minute drive away) and it must be really different. The temps were in the 90s and we had very, very little wind all week. The irony of being named Breezes. Just stifling hot. Sticky and sweaty outside even at 3am. Due to the heat, we found very few activities that sounded worthy of participation. Tennis? Gym? Ice Skating? NOPE. We did do a 2-hour snorkeling trip from the Breezes Water Activity Center. It was pretty good for only $29. Unfortunately some of the friends we were with were very budget-minded and few of them wanted to spend more, after making the trip solely for a wedding.The food was not so good. At times, awful. Mostly bland, yet oily. Plus I do not enjoy fish and my girlfriend has a severe seafood allergy. We got by eating certain things (breads, pasta, fresh fruit, some meats, french fries), but oftentimes we'd be able to taste fish on burgers and other meats because they shared the same grill. This was expected at the outdoor grill and buffets, and we chose our food items carefully. And in most cases, that worked fine. However we were quite surprised when, upon our second visit to the French restaurant, the beef medallions (which we'd ordered previously and I'd otherwise recommend) tasted more like fish fillets than beef. And this was supposed to be one of the better restaurants there!The Italian restaurant had a poor selection and the food quality was bad. We didn't try the Japanese restaurant because of the aforementioned food allergies/preference but heard it was outstanding from our friends. The Mexican restaurant was out of the way but decent. Breakfast was the best meal, but there are only so many times I can eat those greasy omelets before I'm tired of them.If you aren't as picky and do enjoy fish, you might enjoy it more. My suggestion is to bring some garlic to add flavor. Most of their food needs it.Areas for improvement: I wish the swimming pool was open past 8pm. I wish the food was more consistent. I wish the kids had their own bar areas for service. I wish their daily music soundtrack had more than the same 5 songs that would be repeated twice daily, then again at the amphitheater at night, and again at the Disco after that. The songs are addictive, however, and I still think of the hot sun as they loop in my mind. The drinks were strong, but limited to a handful of alcohol choices and a limited variety of drinks. (I'm not sure why Bailey's is so popular down there but everyone seems to drink a lot of it.)It was a good trip considering I went to see a very close friend get married, and the ceremony was very nice. Beyond that, I'm not sure I'd be anxious to go back to the Dominican Republic, let alone Breezes. For a budget vacation, it was decent and probably would have been better during another season when I could appreciate the weather better. But for my personal taste, I'd have gone someplace that's either 1) a little more fun; 2) a little less family-oriented; 3) a little nicer; 4) a little cooler than the Caribbean sun in July. It was better than I had anticipated after reading some of the worst reviews, but overall the concensus of opinions written here is correct.***/5  
<Date>Jul 28, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kezzabella
<Content>Best Holiday Ever! Firstly, i would like to tell everyone visiting this hotel not to worry - it is absolutely brilliant.We visited this resort 02-16.06.04, and loved every minute of it, and have in fact booked to return next year.The food: The food is fantastic, whether it be the buffet or one of the speciality restauraunts. The french was our favourite, and we ate there 4 times!! Our least favourite was the Italian, not becasue it was bad food, it was just the fact that we seemed to be rushed in and our of this restaurant! The food at the buffet was OK, lots of variety and some thing to pease everyone.Pool: This is a very big pool, and very clean. Unlike some of the other reviews i have read. There is nothing floating on the water!! and it never felt over crowded. The swim up bar is brilliant - try a mudslide - they are great!Beach: Georgeous, what more can i say??? Clear blue sea, white powder soft sand..... Breezes is the last hotel on the beach, and to the left there is absolutely nothing - you could walk for hours. About 15mins to the right of the hotel was a flea market , however we found these to be quite persistant. But if you like to walk - there is another market about an hour to right of the hotel, which is much more laid back!We went horseback riding, which is fun, albeit a little scarey (if like me, you have never done it before), but the horses looked like they were badley treated.We also went speadboating, which is fun - you drive your own boat, and follow a guide for an hour. This is a good way to see the coastline of Bavaro, and Breezes had the best appearence by far.Don't listen to the other reviews when they ask you to tip - there is no need to. We tipped the maid a couple of times, but never got any special treatment, and we always got served at the bars fine.The disco leaves a little to be desired, however i felt that they catered for the majority of the crowd - which appeared to be very load peurto rico school kids, whilst we were there!!Food is available all around the clock here, which is great after a night drinking.....The entertainment staff work very long hours here - 9.00 a.m. until 2.00 a.m., so you can't complain about any of the work they do!!After reading the other reviews on this site, i almost booked my holiday - i'm so glad i didn't.We had a great time, and intent on holding our wedding there next year.Anyone who has been to or had a wedding here, please let me know how it goes.Have a great holiday!!  
<Date>Jul 27, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Breezes isn't always a breeze Arrived at Breezes on July 19 (five day stay)- trip from Punta Cana airport took almost an hour as we stopped at two other resorts to drop people off. Check in was difficult - apparently the person working behind the desk wasn't having a good day. We weren't given any directions - with 772 rooms, navigation was confusing. We weren't educated on how to obtain pool and beach towels or where and when to eat our meals. She either didn't speak much English or just didn't care. The bell boys were all busy, so we started the journey on our own. We finally found a person (another guest) that did speak English and they got us to the area our room was in, only to find it wasn't ready. The maids were cleaning and weren't happy to see us. After we finally got into the room, we discovered no towels, no coffee maker and the remote control didn't work. It took only a few hours to get towels, 24 hours to find out how to work the remote control (there's a special code) and 48 hours to get a coffee maker. They're certainly minor things, but for the money spent on the trip, it just bugged me. We ate all our meals at the Alcazar (buffet), there was a large variety and the atmostphere was pleasing. They didn't open on time, but being punctual isn't something that happens in Punta Cana. The resort itself is beautiful, the pool and ocean are a great retreat from the heat (intense). There are a number of topless sunbathers, so if that bothers you - don't go. There is usually a wait at the bars, you just get used to it. There is a tremendous amount of walking, which we didn't expect, but again - you get used to it. Some other reviewers mentioned the noise so I bought ear plugs, but didn't need them. We were in section 5 and didn't hear anything past 11pm. All in all, the resort was not what I expected, but we did enjoy ourselves (my 20 year old daughter and myself - 43 year old Mom). Check out took 30 minutes and our bus back to the airport left without us - they said they walked around the lobby with a sign. We went out to check numerous times and didn't see them, so we had to pay a cab $30 to get to the airport. We have been to numerous other Breezes resorts and will stick to the smaller ones in the future, there were just too many guests for the number of employees.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Breeeeeeeeeezes I went to Breezes from June 14-21.... Wonderful time!!!! Top-notch service, although they have a different sense of time (room may be ready in 15 minutes, maybe later = 2 hours.... but it's OK). slip the bartenders a couple bucks in the AM and they'll have your drinks waiting for u at night when it's crowded. leave a dollar for the maid, and your room will be pristine and the fridge will be fully stocked, and u will have clean towels. if u order rum and dont specify which kind, dont be surprised by 151 proof. El Presidente is King!!! dont miss tequilla night. beware of the dealers in the casino... sometimes they accidentally think they've won when u really have, but here i'd say there's no need to even use the casino.The club at the resort is OK, but will get tired after a night or 2. if u go on the free trip to the club at the other resort, get ready to pay $8 (which is still very cheap for a night club)... and includes 1 free drink. and beware of aggressive prostitutes at this club, haha. get to the front of the line so u can get your free drink ticket 1st and then circle around to the back to get another one...... cuz the host with the tickets will most likely not recognize u again.Shows are a little annoying if your room is right by the stage..... but u can always find a way to get away; but they do have their hilarious moments.The most beautiful beach i have ever seen.The only ways it could have been better would be:1. to improve the food (decent, but nothing special)2. Coconut Rum!!!!!!!!!!! 3. get rid of the people trying to sell u stuffVery Satisfied.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pretty outside but smelly inside The beach was beautiful, the pool was pretty though overcrowded, and the 2 main restaurants were goodlooking. Our big disappointment was the stinky rooms from cigarette smoke and though we were given a better room without that smell, we still had to live with another kind of smell from the humid, uncirculated air in the bathrooms. Pillows were either lumpy or rock hard, our kind sized bed was partially covered with queensized sheets on some nights. We expected all inclusive to mean exactly that since our experience at Beaches included all water sports. As it turns out Breezes' fine print stipulates ONLY NON-MOTORIZED WATER SPORTS INCLUDED. If you don't intend to spend much time in your room, this is an OK resort because the public areas are quite nice. They also have fun dancing by the pool twice a day and good entertainment at night.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Rough around the edges! Well, First off, I would like to say that the Dominican people were the best! They could not do enough for you. They were very friendly and they tried so hard to make your stay pleasant. The recreation staff was very good. The grounds of the hotel were beautiful. The public bathrooms were very clean early in the day. But, by nightime, there seemed to be a toilet paper shortage and they were not the cleanest. The beach was smooth white sand and crystal clear water. It was crowded and to get a spot under a grass umbrella, you needed to get up around 6:30 AM to reserve a spot. You need an umbrella to get some releif from the sun. The weather was perfect for us and I loved the sun!The snorkeling trip was great.We had massages outside under a big grass hut, it was the best! It was very hot but, we were there from July 13th-20th. It was a family reunion of 16 people. Now, the bad things..Unfortunately, there were several things that went wrong for us. My travel agent made several errors that cost me alot of time and caused a lot of stress. There was a problem with my son's ID and we couldn't get on the plane. We had to hike all through Manhattan and get him a passport..it's a long story! He is adopted from Romania and didn't have a US birth certificate. My travel agent assured me this was not a problem. I sent my other 3 kids on the plane in the morning to meet up with my family in the Dominican Republic. My husband and I didn't arrive until 5:15 the next morning. When we arrived at the hotel, my husband and I were booked for a King sized bed..it was also our 17th wedding anniversary. Needless to say, there were no king beds in the hotel..only suites that were not available. We slept in separate beds the whole week. Fifteen of us got massive diarrhea and skin rashes. My brother got stuck in the elevator and had to climb out. He was offered a chocolate for compensation. Three out of our 6 rooms were service rooms with no TV and lumpy beds and pillows. We had 3 people in some rooms and couldn't get more than 2 towels. One washcloth if you were lucky. We shared on some days. You got one towel card for beach towels that you had to go to redeem and if you misplaced one, there was a $20 charge. Also, if you lost a key there was a $60 fee. My parents room had no lock on their door and several of us didn't have a lock on our room safe. My brothers room had a gap in his wall and could hear very clearly his boisterous neighbors. They came and plastered the gap but, it was still loud. Don't get a room by the theater is you want quiet..my parents enjoyed the show so, they liked the theater, But, it would have been too loud for me. My room was quiet. The casino was a bit ridiculous but, I don't gamble anyway. The drinks were plentiful..all top quality but, a bit too strong..ask for only a little (poquito)rum or whatever in your drink. Oh, also..don't go barefoot on the pool deck or walkways..they are slippery and I fell flat on my back and hit my head on the ceramic tile. I was brought to the medical clinic there. We would not go back there due to all the problems..but, like I said, the Domican people were the best..I can't say enough good things about them.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>beautiful beach and resort I visited Breezes Punta Cana from July 11-18 2004. After traveling to a few resorts in the Caribbean I noticed that the food quality in the buffet was very average but the selection was incredible. Overall the ?a la cart ?restaurants were better tasting and the food portions were more controlled compared to the buffet and l Marlin grill? This resort was beautifully kept. The hotel grounds were covered with lush tropical vegetation and the beach was top notch (the best I have ever seen). Some of the hotel employees I found the most helpful, friendly and hospitable were: Domingo and Cairo who work at the pool tables and tennis courts. They are two young boys 14 and 16 year old, whom are currently on summer vacation until September, Cesar the waiter at El Marlin and the buffet, Pedro the Japanese restaurants cook as well as countless other great people. Eusebia, the woman who kept our room clean and comfortable, also did an outstanding job.I also took part in the Bavaro runner excursion. Our guide was Francisco and our driver was Lalo. They were funny, informative and entertaining. For $75 US you go on a full day trip (8:00 am ?4:30PM), which takes you to a sugar cane field, many small villages and towns, a tobacco museum, Maria house (a typical Dominican house). You also visit a ranch full of animals including monkeys, alligators and snakes. The ranch also includes horseback riding, a Dominican style lunch, swimming pool and you later visit a secluded beach. The drive takes you through mountains valleys; rivers, towns and you get a real taste of how Dominican people really live. For more information go to bavarorunners. I strongly recommend that all of you take candies and or sandals, hats, used clothing etc for the children. I read an earlier review, which recommended us to bring candies on our trip. I sure glad that I brought bags of mini size smarties, Twix, mars bars as well as various other types of treats. As we were driving through one of the villages the children run after the jeep bare footed on the stone filled road. When we stopped to give them the treats they were truly ecstatic. Words cannot explain the look on those kid faces because they have very little materialistically. I recommend this resort as well as this excursion and I will someday return to Punta Cana. I hope my review was informative and I wish you all a safe and enjoyable vacation.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>service without a smile I was there july9- july18 with a group of 18 people with whom i travel with annually. The hotel is gorgeous well kept and clean.the rooms are clean and good size. The beach is the finest beach weve ever been too. the food is top notch everywhere liquor selection is okay ,everyday at the same time they run out of ice????? and the service is less than acceptable this hotel houses 780 rooms and obviously does not have enough staff, i found out there is new management there to take care of this issue, and if you are in the lobby youll notice them.give the place a while and they will someday have good service , but not while we were there... i speak fluent spanish and though it made things easier, but it wasnt necessary, speak the universal language $$$ and it will make everything clear. now for the excursions... my 2 daughters (1321) did the swim with the dolphins $70us they were dissapointed that it was just photo opportunities for them to sell you photos. you are in pool approx. 10 min.with dolphins. now for my favorite..Quad tour what an awsome experience book through Coco tours with Abis she knows where to send you. all in all we all had a great time not even bad service could ruin. remember there are no bad trips just bad attitudes .go and have fun .  
<Date>Jul 19, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't blame the Resort! For those who posted BAD reviews, you are obviously spoiled brats without any tolerance for cultural differences. It is a laid back culture, not a fast food one. If you don't heed the MANY numerous warnings to take precautions you will find yourself bed ridden for a couple of days. There are two major ways to spoil your vacation at the SuperClub Breezes (or ANY Tropical destination for that matter) don't apply a strong sun block (uva, uvb) before lounging around in your bathing suit, and don't take a daily preventative dose of Imodium! If you ignore the warnings expect 2 full days in your air conditioned room with heat exhaustion and diarrhea! The suns intensity IS different for you northerners, take precautions and don't blame the resort for the difference. Now my review, excellent overall atmosphere and decor (don't look for perfection in the construction workmanship), service is slow - just like in developed countries rural areas - adjust. Food variety and flavour is amazingly good, but take imodium every day. (kids too). Beach is very clean: do your part and don't use it as an ashtray! butts aren't picked up by staff. The pool is VERY clean, warm, and kept interesting with a unique LARGE curving design with palm trees that cast welcome shade in some locations. Topless women at both the pool and beach. 24 hour BBQ hut provided good north american cuisine; chicken, sausage and hamburgers. Rock-climbing, excercise room, trapeze, soccer, beach volleyball etc were not disappointing. The ice skating rink is NOT ice so don't take your skates or waste your time. It is that white plastic stuff. It really should be labelled skating rink, or better yet, torn down. If seeing the country and experiencing the culture is interesting to you then DON'T book a trip through one of the excursion booths in the lobby. Pay a flat fee of $55-70 U.S. for a 4hr cab ride into Higuey for 6 people, rather than $75 U.S. per person to sit in the back of a large pickup truck thing and fry with strangers for a few hours. The cabs are available thru the concierce for those who inquire, and FLAT rates are available to a destination but without a time limit! The driver took us to see the real Dominican. Games room and nightly entertainment was mediocre. The casino is okay, (free drinks) but keep your eyes open, they don't alway pay out properly on roulette. They took a guys $20 but forgot to give him chips until the pit manager was reminded of the memory lapse. DO NOT TRY TO LEARN ANY NEW GAME, THE LANGUAGE BARRIER AND SHODDY RULES HAVE LED TO ONE GUY LOSING $11,000 - rumour has it.Disco- I didn't go. Room walls- thin. Cuisine, top notch. Drinks: Beer- 1 kind, Pilsner, 6% but good, other drinks are very good too, but poured STRONG. Go early to dinner (5:45pm). Discreet tipping of $1 at the bars will accellerate service dramatically. Shadey locations are taken early, send someone to your favourite spot before 8am. Boating fun is right on the beach $$. Flea market vendors are invited in a couple nights a week - BARGAIN THE PRICE DOWN HARD! They ask for $25 when the item is worth under $5.I loved this place and would not hesitate to go back again.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful I just returned from a trip to Breezes July 3-10 and I must say I had a great time. The hotel is absolutley beautiful. The beach was unbelieveable, the weather was great, the pool activities were fun, and the evening shows were entertaining. The absolute only complaint that I have is that they do not leave enought towels in the rooms, but all you have to do is ask politely and they will be more than happy to bring them in. The drinks were wonderful! They were not stingy on the liquor at all. And this one bar tender, Johnny was excellent. He made the best drinks, and was always always always nice, smiling, and attentive. By far the best bartender that I dealt with.  In conclusion, I was very pleased with my stay and will definately return again!!!  
<Date>Jul 13, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Vacation from hell My trip to Breezes Punta Cana can only be described as a trip from hell. The rooms were smelly and in bad repair condition. My room didn't even had soap. The beds were unconfortable. Although there were cleaning people around all the time the rooms didn't smell or feel clean. The service was slow and not courteous for the most part. The food was plentiful but didn't taste good. The buffet area was full of flys even over the food. The specialty restaurants don't have adequate capacity and couldn't handle the crowds. I was so desperate to leave that I went to another hotel at the middle of the week. I don't recomment this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic I just returned from a week at Breezes Punta Cana from 1st July to 8 July, my sole complaint is that I didnt stay for longer! I loved it!I read some of these reviews before I went and I must admit to being a little apprehensive as some of them described the holiday from hell. Having now been myself I can only assume these people stayed somewhere else and posted their reviews by mistake.The beach is the best iv seen... white sand, palm trees, crashing waves!!! The pool is huge and clean, the swim up bar was great.The service was always friendly if a little slow, but you have to respect their way of life, they are very laid back. Living and working in that kind of climate you can hardly blaim them. The maids were good, the hotel was constanly being cleaned and the gardens were also well kept.The food was not the best iv ever had, but plentiful and varied. The beer, Presidente, is cold and crisp, very nice. The top shelves of the bar are full of international and local brands, be warned though the measures of these shots are not controlled, the drinks are very strong!In summary I defy anyone who gives this hotel a poor rating, anyone who is planning to visit Breezes in the future rest assured that you will have a great time.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Better than I had expected...and a beach to die for!! Forgive me if this review lacks an organizational flow...its my first.My Fiance and I chose Breezes Punta Cana through Fun Jet Vacations (on a recommendation from our travel agent) to get married. It was the second marriage for both of us, so we brought the kids (ages 10, 12, and 15) and stayed from June 26th to June 30th, 2004 . I had discovered the Trip Advisor website AFTER the vacation was booked and paid for, and I was horrified at some of the reviews I had read. My wife (then Fiance), being a glass-half-full kind of woman, calmed me down and I reluctantly went forward with our plans...what I found was a pleasant suprise. The hotel was enormous, and the grounds were beautiful. The beach was AMAZING, but more about that later...here is my take on the resort itself.First of all, let me say that if you are expecting the Ritz Carlton you WILL be disappointed. The accomodations are NOT luxurious by any stretch of the imagination, and the resort is somewhat under-staffed...so if you need anything (towels, ironing board, etc) be prepared to wait a while. The rooms are clean, but small...and the beds are hard. I found little things missing that I take for granted (like a pen and stationary, or an ice machine). The food is decent by the poolside and in the main dining room (lots of fresh fruit), and very good at the restaurants. The staff is courteous, but you will need to tip them if you want them to go out of their way. A few dollars is all it takes, and once I established a reputation as someone who tips, I received EXCELLENT service. If you want extra towels and pillows, leave a few dollars for your housekeeper with a note and you'll get them...guaranteed.If you are a person who strongly believes that you shouldn't have to tip at an all-inclusive resort...shame on you. But if that is the case, chocolate is EXTREMELY hard to come by in the DR, so if you bring chocolates for the staff (housekeeping, bellboy, etc), you will receive extra attention as well. Otherwise, expect to be treated like every other schmuck in this enormous resort.There are three main restaurants (Italian, French, and Japanese) and they fill up fast, so it is to your benefit to go early (they open at 6PM) and put your name on the list...especially at the Japanese Restaurant (their version of Benihana). I believe you can make reservations at the Japanese place for the following evening, but the Italian restaurant did not accept reservations...you had to show up the evening you wanted to eat and place you name on the list, or be seated immediatly if you got there early enough.Upon arrival we immediatly discovered that the Spanish-English language barrier was greater than we had anticipated. The majority of the staff spoke english, but not to the extent that Gringos like us could communicate all of our needs effectively. This is where our Wedding Coordinator Melanie saved the day (especially with our wedding photographer who spoke NO english)!! The resort is horseshoe-shaped with the giant swimming pool in the center...buildings ONE and SEVEN (on each end) are ocean front, buildings three and four are in the center and mostly overlook the pool, but you can still see the ocean from any of the (ocean-side) rooms. We were supposed to receive two rooms (one for the kids and one for us) side-by-side with an ocean-front view...we did not. The rooms were three doors apart (which meant my fiance and I had to sleep in seperate rooms simply because we were not comfortable having the kids that far away from us), and the view was not what we had hoped for. The phone line was not functioning in one room (you could call out, but could not receive incoming calls), and the air conditioner was lack-luster as well (it was ice cold in the other room). Melanie not only got us better rooms (4th floor as opposed to 2nd floor...better view and taller ceilings) that were right next to each other, she made sure we had everything we needed throughout our entire stay, and even helped us retrieve a lost credit card!! I cannot say enough good things about her, she is a shining example of what guest service is all about. [side note: although the rooms were nicer, for some reason the TV remote controls did not work in either room??] Now for the good part...Punta Cana itself!! This is the reason you go...and the reason I didn't really care so much about the amenities of the hotel room...because I was rarely ever IN my room except to lay my head down at night!! The beach was comprised of powdery-soft sand as far as the eye could see, and the crystal clear water was the perfect temperature. If you want a primo location under a palapas, get out early and gram the lounge chairs. Just leave your towells on them and no one will take them.[side note: Quite a few of the women sunbathe topless (poolside included)!! By day number two it seems normal, but it can be quite a suprise at first...especially for my 15-year-old son!! No wonder he never wanted to hang out with us.]The [water] excursions were great...we purchased two, which came to a little over $500.00 for the five of us. The first was the Marinara, where a glass-bottom boat takes you out to snorkel with Sting Rays and Nurse Sharks, and the other (the name excapes me right now) was a Catamaran to Isla Saona...a Dominican Republic national park, and one of the most beautiful places on earth (it reminded of the island in the movie Castaway). You spend a few hours having lunch and exploring the island, then return to Punta Cana in speed boats, and on the way back you stop and swim with a protected reserve of Star Fish!! It is the BEST excursion they have to offer (in my opinion), but bring your beach towels, a hat, and lots of sun block...the catamaran ride to the island is 2.5 hours with NO shade!!If anyone is interested in photos, or has specific questions I didn't cover here, email me.P.S. I also heard VERY good things about the Grand Bahia Principe resort from the folks staying there (we met on the excursions) .  
<Date>Jul 8, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>You pay for what you get... Trip: June 25- July 1, 20042 couples 23 years oldAfter booking a week long trip to the carribean, i expected that I would come home relaxed and ready to book again. I have to disagree..Check In- Was horrible. I requested rooms next door to the couple we were traveling with. Didnt get them! Also requested high floor- Didnt get that either! Also, requested ocean front- nope!!The guy at the counter told me I could pay 125.00 to get upgraded. How absurd! After checking in to my room, which had bugs, crickets and a lot of noise, I had almost had it!Food- I thought the food was pretty good. The buffet really catered to Europeans with lunch meat at every meal and strange types of concoctions. I enjoyed all of the restaurants. The hibatchi type restaurant was great, but like 110 degrees inside.. Beach- Beautiful! Best part of the trip. Couldn't have asked for more. The pool/beach was overcrowded with topless women so if you have children and are from the US, prepare them ahead of time. Some of the women are disgusting!atv trip/snorkeling- Was incredible!!! It was 200.00 a couple for both trips and i would highly reccomend both of them. It was fun but the children do beg at all the stop sites. We gave them some money and their faces lit up:)Maid- My watch was stolen on the last day so i guess you can take from that as you wish. She did give us 4  towels a day which was nice.Entertainment- stunk! We were very bored at nightime- wish their were more clubs or shows. The one guy who does the shows is hysterical. There is only so many times you can watch the same show over and over though.The disco is filled with young kids and strange people. I wouldn't reccomend going down there.Overall- It was worth the money as this was the cheapest 7 day inclusive I have ever paid for. Like they say, you pay for what you get...Prob. wouldnt go back!ps- as for the person who says that americans are rude, she must have mistaken us for the puerto ricans who think they own the place just because they can speak fluent spanish!!  
<Date>Jul 8, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Had a Great Time! My wife, our 16 and 21 year old son's, 9 year old grandson, and I went to Breezes Punta Cana June 26 - July 3rd with Apple Vacations out of Hartford, CT.I will try to keep this short, and hope I can give you some good info. I noticed allot of bad reviews regarding this resort, I can understand them and respect them to certain extent.First of all. Do not go here if you do not get a good price. If you do get a good price go here! I fault many of the bad reviews from people who did not do their homework, or they just went for price and expected to much. I would think that a good percentage of people who gave a bad review had access to the information on this web-site and should not have been disappointed one bit! If you want super polished pay the extra money and go to a five or six star resort, or don't go.(note: apple vacation ratings are one star higher than normal ratings) There are many other newer and certainly more polished resorts in the area to choose from. We had a great time!!! We have been to all-inclusives in Mexico (Rivera Maya) last three years, and this was our first visit to the Dominican. Breezes is rated four stars, and we have stayed at 5 stars in Mexico including the Iberostar Paraiso, and the Barcelo Maya. I could tell this was a four star compared to the five stars we have stayed at. But, I enjoyed this resort just as much if not better. Here are some comments compared to our 5 star experience:Resort Facilities and Service: Wonderful layout. Great for families since the layout is set up great for congregating. Every night in the huge open air hallways (no bugs) you have people of all ages around pool tables, at the bar, playing cards, backgammon, going to theater, enjoying coffee bar with top-shelf liquors, while listing to live music. Many resorts have separate buildings, and do not have his atmosphere. Again, great for families and couples who like to meet people. NOT, for couples looking for quite vacation. Beach is the incredible, water sports ok, good activities, pool great. Kids from of all ages having a great time. Kids club has a wonderful worker named Clara, but she worked alone for the most part and the club was very understaffed. Still, she was very successful, and our grandson had the time of his life. Service overall was very hot and cold. Most of the staff were very nice people, but there were many who were straight out rude. Take it with a grain of salt, as this is a very big place, a little understaffed and they works very long hours. I don't know how long I could be smiling. The rooms were four star or less. But the balconies are great. I liked the room. 5 stars much more polished, but not much more to it. Clean.Food: Good - Very Good! Overall a bit (just a bit) less quality, and less choice. But, the main buffet area is beautiful, as is the entire resort. We loved the French, and the Japanese specialty restaurants. Unlike many resorts who will give you 2-3 vouchers at specialty restaurants for your week stay, they let you go to the as much as you like! The only problem is getting in. Get there when they open at 6pm or don't bother if the resort is crowed at the time you go. They take you at a first come first serve basis. Also - Great Deserts!!! Great fresh fruits, and juices. We usually stay away from this, but it was usually just freshly cut. If it wasn't we would stay away from it. Entertainment/ Bars: Very good. Great people and children participation. Nothing fancy, but allot of good fun. I liked this better than other places that put on fancy show, that are good, but pretty boring. Bars are very good. Premium Liquor (make sure you ask for brand name) This is not only a incredible value, but I believe this helps people from getting sick. We drank frozen drinks and did not get sick from ice cubes. Bars and restaurants very clean!Food Tip: My wife and I got sick in Mexico and not the Dominican. I think this might be due to past experience. We gave up on all the remedies this time (like yogurt, and stuffing ourselves with pepto for weeks) We stay away from all cold salads, and drink only bottled water. Stay away from anything that is not hot and fresh, and looks like it has been sitting around for awhile. The good thing about this resort was that the food was turned over frequently. Do not go with the attitude that you have to get your moneys worth, and eat everything. Just enjoy your surroundings, more than the food. Most people will tell you that all-inclusive dining is very similar, and sometimes you can even get better food a lesser rated resorts.Others Tips: Before you go, make sure you don't get a room by the theater. Too noisy (see other reviews)! We had a great spot in section 5. Section 6 is a farther away from action, But close to beach and pool, and very quite. Both good spots. Be patient, but at the same time politely persistent with staff for services. get to beach or pool for shaded spots. I don't like to, but you have to throw your book and towel on a seat and then go to breakfast, or you will not get much needed shaded spot if the resort is full. Tip staff as much as you can, not only for service, but because they need the money.Overall: I would go again if I got a good price, and the kids were with us. If it was just my wife and I, we would try another place.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>it is was fantastique !! June 28/2004. Hola !! We had a blast !! The people are very friendly and there is no problem with the communication except for a few staff members , but that was exceptable. Our rooms were clean and had a beautiful view of the pool and the great view of the beach. It was at times a little noisy at night , had to call security to calm the people down . The buffet was great and the Italien restaurant was also very good. The bars are very busy , so you have to be patient with the bartenders to serve you. When the drinks are free there is no problemo !! The entertainments at night are very proffessional and entertaining. They involve everyone there to have fun. The beach is wonderful and very clean . We had tears in our eyes when we had to leave . Punta Cana is paradise and we will always keep great memories from this beautiful country. We are planing to go back soon and thinking of retiring there... hihi !!! Mucha Gracios !! See you soon Punta Cana, can't wait to go back !!  
<Date>Jul 6, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>one of my best holidays!....don't listen to the bad reviews! Hello! I just got back from the Breezes Punta Cana and let me start by saying.... don't listen to any of those bad reviews. There are reasons why some people don't enjoy their holiday... you know the saying... what goes around comes around. If your nice to others, then it comes back to you. I went to the Breezes Punta cana with my husband, and my cousin and his fiance and we had a great and fabulous time! I have been all over the carribean, Cancun 2x, punta cana 2x ( this was the second time), Hawaii, florida, bahamas, etc. I would have to say that this was one of the best holidays that I have had so far. We were all between the ages of 24-27. We were there to mainly relax, enjoy the activities and party.... alittle. I would have to say that the past reviews that I read all in May and June really helped. All the negative reviews got me all sceptical, but I am sure glad that we still chose the hotel cause when we were there, we couldn't understand why some people were so negative about the hotel....it was beautiful and incredible! PEOPLE WITH KIDS: This resort I would definitely recommend for all ages and all kinds of people. I found the resort tailored to couples, spring breakers and also families as well. Infact, next year I am planning a trip back here with my husband and relatives with 3 of my god children ranging between the ages of 6-12. ONe thing for all you parents....kids under 14 stay and eat for free all you pay is a really cheap airfare for them! Its well worth it. There were alot of kids at the resort, but the pool and resort was huge that it didn't bother us that there were alot of kids at all. There was plenty of space by the pool for everyone! Keep in mind that our plane was full from toronto flying in from June 20th-27th. I read the reviews ahead and was quite prepared for the trip. I bought stuff from the dollarstore for the maids such as manicure sets, soaps, canada souvenirs, makeup, candles, candies etc. As well for the mini bar person. You think about it, it was more thought ful and cheaper than tipping daily.When we usually tip, we would leave 2-3 dollars a day and this way was better and cheaper. I wrote alittle note in spanish my spanish friend helped me write on it to show our appreciation for all thier hard work. Yet it made our stay quite more enjoyable. You have to consider that the people there at the resorts make peanuts....and like I said what goes around comes around. You give to them alittle to show your appreciation, and in return, they made sure we were taken care of. Our mini bar was well stocked daily and I mean over flowing with drinks and I especially requested diet pepsi, and they made sure they found some for us daily, our room was spotless daily and they even gave us extra towels and extra toiletries in our basket in the bathroom daily. Buying stuff from the dollarstore such as crayons, coloring books, pens and pencils, candies etc I read from a review and would recommend anyone going there on tours to do the same cause it made our trip great knowing we we were able to give back to the children there and seeing thier faces light up from giving them a piece of candy or gift really made it worth while. A great learning experience. Those people who had said alot of negative things about the resort are really close minded and probably really cheap. Not to mention if your rude to the people and impatient, of course they will be rude right back to you! I saw a few American people (not to be predjudice or racist) but a few from the states (no place I care to mention) and they were quite rude and demanding to the servers. They were quite impatient and would often yell or cause scenes sometimes at the restaurants and of course they got ignored and did not get served that great. I know I sure wouldn't if I was returning the same behaviour. We never encountered any problems, we were quite polite always saying por favor and gracias (means please and thank you) and we got treated very well ....its all about respect. You give respect you get it back in return. I rate the resort a 4.5 - 5. Remember its also the company with you on your vacation that makes the trip and what you make of your vacation! LEt me tell you about the rest of the trip in detail.........CHECK IN: We checked in with a very large group of people probably around 150 or more.....but we were welcomed with a welcome drink...fruit punch or servieca (thats beer) while waiting in line. Check in was a breeze no longer than 1/2 hour considering the large group of people. The front desk was more than accomodating. We tried to tip the front desk for a great view....but realized right away that tipping was not allowed at the resort. He was well accomodating by giving us rooms on the third floor overlooking the ocean, and the trapeze area. This made for a great entertaining area watching the kids and people on the trapeze while enjoying a drink from the balcony. ROOMS: By reading the reviews I never expected a grade 5 star room like the Marriot here in Canada. They were average much like what you get at a comfort inn or holiday Inn. We had problems with our sliding door but when we reported it to the front desk they were more than accomodating to move us to block 7 which was the best oceanview. The couple we were with checked it out....but found it a a very far walk away from everything. SO we just decided to stay where we were. They were very accomodating. My husband fixed the problem because one side of the door wouldn't lock but he got it fixed and so therefore we were happy to stay in the room. OUr room was close to everything. Just around the corner from all the ala carte restaurants and just above the main buffet. When we wanted to see what was going on, we would just peek our head down on the balcony in the hallway and see what they were serving in the main buffet. It was great. As for bugs, a few but not all rooms had bugs from what I heard. It could be that we were above the restaurant but they were fumigating one day we were there and after that, not one in site. There are a few mosquitoes at night though. Not that we saw any visually, but we all did get a few bites on our skin so make sure to bring some off!TIPPING: They say is not allowed at the resort, although you can still do it discretely. I would recommend that you do. When you do, a dollar can make a great difference in service anywhere in the world! Trust me they will remember you next time you come and made our stay 100 times better. Come on guys its a buck! Don't be cheap.....think of it as treating yourself! THANKS TO ALL THE PAST REVIEWS that recommended you bringing alot of one dollar bills with us. I brought like 40-50 dollars in one dollar bills and it made a difference cause you can't find any change there!FOOD: I have to rate a 41/2 out of 5. Let me first start off by saying that I am the fussiest eater! I have so many allergies to any kind of nuts, seafood and I don't eat red meat. I still gained weight about 10 pounds in 7 days! That should tell you something. I always found something to eat and the reviews were right, the desserts and dominican fries are to die for! I am also a big time pasta lover and the main buffet had a great pasta bar with 3-4 different kinds of pasta alone for lunch and dinner daily. There are 4 ala carte restaurants and we went to all 4 including the main buffet. Heres what we thought:*pointer-for the ala carte restaurants. I would advise that you go early cause they fill up quick and they don't take reservations. First come first serve basis. It is better this way though cause my experience on past vacations is that people make reservations and never show up, and you miss out on some restaurants cause they are fully booked with reservations. We got to try all 4 restaurants, some even twice and had no problem once you get into the technique. What we did was Japanese you go up to the restaurant at 5:30- 6, give your name and room number, they make your reservation for that night like 7 or 8, then you go back and swim, get ready and come back at your allotted time. We went with another couple so what we did was also take turns for the other restaurants ex: One couple gets ready early, lines up at the restaurants while the other couple gets ready and meets us at the restaurants. We never waited more than 1/2 hour or so to get in. We got more than enough swim time early morning till 6 in the evening. This worked well for us.Japanese: Very fun......The sushi presentation was great and they were very well accomodating to my seafood allergy cookin the food separately. It wasn't like authentic Japanese you could have here in Canada, but it was still well worth the experience. Alot of shrimp, fish and chicken you get to sample with your fried rice and stir fry veg. Quite good. The guys cookin was great and put on a show for us....it was like a cook competition everyone clapping and yelling for the sushi cooks pedro! pedro! It was quite the experience and we had quite alot of fun. Italian: Food was good, but they were busy and service was quite slow. I would of probably have rated it a 3 because of it. I preferred the main buffet considering I was a pasta lover. Waited too long for the food there. Mexican: Excellent! A 5. I recommend trying the chicken tacos in a hard shell! We ate there about 3-4 times during the week cause I just love Mexican food. Service was great even though they were busy. Very fast to take plates away and it was nice outside under the huts. Take pictures with the Mexican hats that are hung on the fences -everyone was doing it- they made our album quite fun. I have one shot with my husband and I with the hats on tilted and us kissing looking at each other and it made for great pics for our album! They were very accomdating with serving you great drinks and also if you wanted anything extra like a side of mexican rice and beans, they were great! Very accomodating! The salsa was fresh and was great with the tortilla chips.The french: One of the best restaurants. Rate a 5. Service was very fansy and professional. The portions were small, but quite delicious. They had the best chicken breast in a cream sauce and very good shrimp. My husband ordered the shrimp and asked for seconds and they were more than happy to comply. The past reviews about the french were right.....great restaurant and one of the less busiest too.MAIN BUFFET: Always had a theme each night, New York theme, Chinese theme, mediterranean theme, Thurs was seafood night. I was allergic to seafood but still I found pasta and other things to eat there! Again......the desserts if you go early are to die for! I have a sweet tooth and there were many cheese cakes, cakes, custards, chocolate covered bananas, etc. So many to choose from. After we would eat at a ala carte restaurant, sometimes we would go the main buffet and eat some more whether we went for more food or just desserts ! And yes you guys you can do that! Remember its all inclusive! I think its how I gained my weight....tee heee......*smirk* Breakfast at the main buffet was also just like what past reviews described it! The best meal with omeletes, pancakes, fried bananas, french toast, you name it, breads etc! 24 HOUR BUFFET AND GRILL: we rated a 4. By the pool is the 24 hour grill where we ate alot while swimming. They always had fries, gourmet pastas, hamburgers, fish, porkchops, seafood rice, sandwiches you can grill and put together yourself, hotdogs etc. I mean it....you can litterally eat 24 hours. We were there a few times pretty late eating like 3 o'clock after the disco. There was always a line up for fries. I am not a fry eating person, but those dominican fries, I mean it everyone was going crazy for! They were good. Service here at the 24 hour buffet was good as well. If they were extremely busy it was more of a serve yourself, but you always found clean table s to sit down to.DRINKS: they are surely not watered down. Infact most of the time you have to say senior un pequito vodka por va vor. Which means, only alittle bit of Vodka please. I found that they would fill your glass with all alcohol and just a bit of juice or whatever you wanted to water it down. They are not stingy at this hotel....thats for sure. But if they do say they ran out of something like Vodka or baileys for the day, one couple we met there suggested you track down the supervisor and request it and sure enough it will miraculously appear! But never the less its always nice to try different drinks when your away! The mudslide, banana-seven(banana liquor and seven up) was something we drank mostly all week. I learned that from my cousins fiance....You guys gotta try that! But the drinks at this resort you don't have to worry about they are very generous.RESORT: Like I said above at the beginning of the review! Excellent! Grounds were beautiful, and the pool was a lagoon style. My husband and I stayed at the Breezes at the Bahamas and this one was 100 times better in terms of the pool and service. Again, its what goes around comes around. LIke I said.......a buck goes long way. Maybe it was those that were rude and cheap that did not get great service. Don't get me wrong...we never tipped all the time. Only when we got great service that we rewarded them as a thanks after that, they remembered us and served us even better the next time. Everyone we ran into that rode the plane with us from Toronto all had a good time. No one complained that we knew of. Everyone had a great time....even the ones that had kids. I will admit though most workers and bartenders are men.....and yes girls did get served better than the men. Often our other halfs would get us girls to get the drinks for them cause they served us faster and better......but hey come on girls, if you were a waitress and serving, would't you rather serve a man then a grumpy lady? It goes both ways.....and its like that anywhere in the world....not just at this resort.A SUGGESTION: The insulated mugs from past reviews were great! The cups at this resort were small and it kept our drinks cold for a long period of time. They were more than happy to fill them for you and our drinks were kept cold even when we took them to the beach. GREAT IDEA! Don't spend 8 bucks at Walmart! We got ours at the dollarstore! Like I said.....reading past reviews really got us prepared for this trip!Entertainment: Was great......the shows have been better at this resort than all other places I have been to ex: cancun and bahamas etc. The activity people we got to know by the pools daily so it was nice seeing them entertain at night and during the day. LIke I said this resort tailors to all ages because 9-10 was the kids show and karaoke , then 10-11 was the adult shows and kids were there to watch as well. They were well organized and very good-entertaining. Don't expect no broadway shows or anything. More like a very organized show that maybe a small theatre in your neighborhood would put together....none the less I would rate the shows a 4 out of 5.DISCO: The disco at this resort was okay. The first night was great cause everyone from our plane was there and we partied and boozed the first night....it was what we made of it that was fun. The other nights we found it quite dead that we didn't bother going back to it. We went to a club called Mangu by Grand Flamenco which was wayyyyy better. They played alot of Salsa at first, but the D.J was accomodating once we requested RB and Hip Hop they changed the music and the club got Hype and we had a good time. Cost to leave the resort is 12 dollars for a taxi to this club. don't let the taxi drivers rip you off. Its 12 to get there and 12 to get back. During the day: there were always fun filled activities...there was aqua aerobics, water volleyball, beach volleyball, water basketball, they had a stage where they taught merengue and danced by the pool, and they also always had contests and games in which our group always participated. Our group was always apart of everything. And let me tell you, we stuck out like sore thumbs being the only filippino group there, but we participated in everything that everyone at the resort and on our plane remembered us. It was how we also got to know the activation staff there as well. You have to try all the activities! It makes the day fun and makes your trip worth while! There was also the trapeze and the rock wall that we tried as well during the trip that made great pics and memories for our albums! You gotta try that.FACILITIES: The resort had great facilities. There was a spa and internet cafe. We met the owner at the internet cafe Andrew. Hes is so nice! When you go tell him that the 2 exotic filippino girls say hello! He was very helpful telling us about how to get to places. He also has a friend that will help you get deals at the flea markets for you because they will try to rip you off at the flea markets if your not a local. How can they tell? Well, they will see your bracelet and if you can't speak spanish, its over! They will always quote 4-5 times more than what you should pay. But Andrews friend helped many people that we chatted with at the resort. 2 girls got 2 bags full of souvenirs all for less than 60 bucks. That was a great deal and all you do is tip the guy at the end. Andrew is a guy you must take the time to chat with if you have any questions about the island. He even accomodated us to Mangu and was great. Thanks Andrew for everything! SPA: well worth it! I pay 60 dollars canadian here for a one hour massage. There, I got a package 67 dollars for 55 minute massage, manicure, 10 mins in Sauna, 15 mins in Jacuzzi. Services were great and hell....your on vacation so pamper yourself! It was a better deal than the beach cause the beach charges 55 for the one hour massage. Better to get it at the SPA! MOTOR SPORTS ACTIVITIES: We tried the speed boat tour $35.00 per person for an hour. I wouldn't recommend this trip for people who get sea sick. I have had better trips in cancun for this tour. Try the tubing for 1o minutes $10.00. Now that was 100 times more fun! We went with 3 of us and had a blast! TOURS: we went on 2 of them. Bavaro Runners cost $75 dollars per person and was worth it if you want to experience the dominican in a different light than from just the resorts eye perspective. its an informative tour- you get to ride a jeepney which is open concept and you drive through town seeing how the people live and then you get to see the sugar cane fields and sample sugar cane and their dominican champange. They then take you to a cigar factory and museum where you learn more about the dominican and thier culture. You also see a house up in the mountains to see how they live and get to see a cock fight, sample thier fruits in their fields and get to buy freshly made coffee , sugar vanilla, cocoa, drinks etc by the family. After they take you to a ranch where you get a buffet lunch, swim, buy souvenirs and go horse back riding. Now the horse back riding was a fun experience! Made for great pics. Afterwards they take you to a secluded beach in which past reviews said was great......but I preferred the beach at our resort. The beach on our resort was 10 times better. We still swam and had a good time though. 2nd tour was a 1/2 day (3 hours ) and it was with the ATV's! Now this is a tour you have to experience! Cost is 50/per person if you share a ATV and $75 per person if you want to drive your own. Us being 2 couples just shared. It made it easier to take pics and made for great pics in our album! You drive the ATV's across the most beautiful beaches on the island and can I tell you how fun it is. Girls took thier turn driving and when we would stop, then the boys would drive. You race along beach paths, see some of the most breath taking views and visit souvenir shops. It was also this tour where I brought a nap sack full of treats and brought along stuff for the kids and would throw them to the kids in passing while my husband would be driving cause you would also drive the streets and pass houses and see the small children yelling OLA! and waving to you as you passed by! It made my trip seeing thier faces light up and waving a thank you as they scrambled picking up the treats, wrapped colourful candies and pens as we zoomed by. The tour ended with us stopping off at a fresh water cave. They take you down some steps in the cave, and you get to swim for half hour in a fresh water cave and experience nature at its best. Quite the experience! We then jumped back onto the ATV's and back down the streets and again passed the beautiful beaches. This tour was so great. We wanted to do it again but with our own ATVs per person, but started running out of money towards the end of our trip. THIS TOUR IS A MUST FOR ALL YOU COUPLES, FAMILIES AND SINGLES. I recommend this tour over the bavaro runners cause it was really fun- more exciting.-and the tour guides are more than accomodating to stop of whereever you want. YOu can book this tour by the pool where the guys have a activities hut. For families with kids, your kid can ride with the parent or with one of the guides. There are 2 guides with you at all times and we saw other tours with little kids riding with the parents and the tour guides. My Godchildren want to experience this tour next year and I am gonna take them. You can't experience this kind of tour in the bahamas or in Cancun! This is a tour you must try. We wanted to try the Saona Island tour, but ran out of money. From past reviews it sounded really good .....but I guess that we'll have to try that next year. Everyone that went on that tour I heard is another one you have to try. BEACHES: Oh my god,....I must say you will not be disappointed. The first time I went to Punta Cana was at Catalonia Bavaro Resort a 5star and was I dissapointed. This beach is to die for.......baby blue water, torquoise and the sand is so clean and white. I thought that Cancun was nice, but Punta Cana outbeats Cancun for its natural beauty! If you've been to Cancun, then this is a beach you must see! The sand (beach area is so wide that there are always chairs and so much room for everyone) NOT LIKE cancun, so man made that its not that big. There is miles of beach you can walk down to the other resorts and beach flea markets. The water is great for kids and for everyone! YOu can bring bread to the water and throw pieces in and you will see fish in no time taking a bite at the bread. But the fish are harmless....they don't bother you and you hardly even see them when you are swimming they don't come near you unless you have food with you. But the beach is great. Some places on the beach have calm waves good for the kids and some other places my cousin and husband were having fun boogie boarding and even just riding the waves swimming with them. The Beach is so close to the resort just steps away from the pool. It really made our holiday.Again, I hope that this review helps. Sorry if its really long. But I found that the more detailed a review the better to help you make a decision in deciding whether or not to go to a destination. Please again.......keep an open mind. This was a great vacation that is a different experience. I have been to Cancun which is very Americanized. There is alot of shopping malls there and clubs in Cancun and are like what you see back home. Dominican is nothing like that. Its an authentic experience that shows you the island life. Not really much for shopping either -there is some poverty outside the resort which is very educational to remind ourselves how lucky we all are to live where we live. So be prepared for that. If you can't handle that....then I would suggest you stay at the Hilton back where you live....stick with Hawaii or go somewhere else. But I myself went with an open mind and had such a great time! One of the best vacations we ever had....and for what we paid......my god what a steal! I would definitely go back in a heartbeat. Possibly the same resort. I like experiencing other resorts though but if I found the same deal of what we paid, I definitely would come back to the Breezes and would recommend this resort to anyone with an open mind, someone who loves to have fun, someone who loves to participate in fun filled activities, whos adventurous and wants to have a great vacation with lots of RR. Remember, a holiday is what you make of it! Its also the company that travels with u. If your someone who always complains and is so picky and travel with others who are much like that.....then how else are you supposed to enjoy your vacation? You mind as well stay home. Learn to appreciate the beautiful view, ocean and atmosphere that you can't get at home and in the city! Come on its a great tropical plush country with great weather! Who can complain to that?I hope this review helps. If you have any other questions that I can answer, please don't hesitate to e-mail me! Have a great time! and Remember.....don't listen to any of the negative reviews! Go and Judge for yourself. *smile*I hope you guys have the same experience that we had! Good Luck!  
<Date>Jul 5, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The ultimate vacation! I recently just got back from the Domincan about a week ago. I went done with my fiance, his cousin and her husband. All of us ranging ages from 23-26.Where do I start? We had a very hard time deciding where to go, but as days went by more and more places started to get sold out. So, after contemplating and reviewing what people said we decided to take the plunge and go to the Breezes...and we are happy we did! When we arrived the resort there was a huge line to check in because there were approx. 150 guests coming in at the extact time as we did. It didn't take too long for us to get our rooms. ACCOMODATION:They were extremely nice to us when we asked for 2 ocean view rooms. We were handed the keys and were told if we weren't satisfied- to come back. The rooms were alright. The only problems we had was that our sink plug wouldn't stay up...but it wasn't enough to complain. The other couple we went with had a slight problem with their sliding doors for the balcony but they offered to move them to another room, but thought it wasn't a huge deal. My fiance and I were fortunate to not come across any bugs of any sort, but the other couple did(one). The hotel offers all guests if they want their room to be pest controlled....but like we said we were lucky.FOOD: I honestly don't know what people are thinking when they say that the food was not so great. We really enjoyed the variety.A LA CARTE: We tried all the a la carte restaurants and thought they were great considering it wasn't exactly their specialty. The problem with the a la cartes was the waiting and reservations. Our tour guide had told us that reservations were not needed and it ran on a first come first serve basis. I'm telling all of you to go there at 6:00pm to get your name on the list. I think the only one that does reservations by time is the Japenese one. For the rest- you pretty much have to wait for your turn. Let me tell you not to expect authentic Japenese cuisine. It was very entertaining and eidible but not your true sushi/chicken teriyaki. Our favourite was the Mexican one which is outside/beside the Mariana. I would recommend that you go to all the restaurants and experience it for yourself. If you don't like it, there is always the Grill and the Buffet.BUFFET- Every day was a different menu. I think there was American, Italian, Domincan, International, and I know that Thursdays was the Seafood night. So, there is a variety it just depends if your a true picky eater or not. It's about being open and trying different things. It's not about comparing what you have at home to a foriegn place that has different resources. But trust me you'll have at least one thing you'll enjoy. GRILL- Was good. It is the only 24 hour bar and food service. French fries are really good. And...don't expect the menu to change in the night time...what you see the first night is what you'll see for the rest of your stay...When I mean night, I mean after 10 or so. STAFF: Fantastic! Everyone was very friendly and helpful. The people who put together activities in the pool/beach area get you going. Servers took awhile to get you drinks(alcohol), but they take your plates away fast and the minute you sit down they are they to ask what you'd like to drink. Bartendars are happy and nice. Not to rain on you men out there, but girls get waited on much quicker than you men. ACTIVITIES/WATERSPORTS:As you have seen-the place is huge! There is a lot to do and you might not even have the time for it all. The aqua fit was fun and it really got your body moving. Watersports...we paid $35/person for the speed boats..I personally had a horrible time. The people who took us out didn't really listen to us and took to us the other end of the Island and picked up a local(they weren't allowed to). When something was wrong with our boat it took them long to help us. We just kept doing circles for no reason. Yes, I get sea sick but the other people I went with don't-but did. I wanted my money back and the staff were almost fired and we were offered tubing for 4 freel. Just to let you know...you are NOT allowed out of the boat and locals are not to be picked up to join the ride. Hey, when you pay good money- you expect good service and fun. Believe me, I've been speed boating before and never had a problem. Just know that down there you are boss...they are there to make you happy.SPA:Fabulous! There are daily specials. Ranging from I think $45-$90. We had a tuesday special which included 10-15 minutes of jacuzzi, 5-10 minutes sauna, 55 minute relaxing message and a manicure. I didn't want the jacuzzi and Sauna so I got hydrotherapy instead...it was a nice experience. The people are nice and you get good service. Even though it was tuesday you are able to get a wednesday special. (but i heard that messages out on the beach are cheaper-but not so private) TOURS-We went on a couple...I think it's called the Bavaro Runners and we also did the quads(ATV's). The Bavaro Runners was a very informative tour. You actually get to see how people live, a cigar factory/museum, sugar cane fields, maria's house(cock fighting/cacao/fuit), school(but school was done when we went), horse back riding, you have lunch and see another beach. It was nice, but if your emotional you might feel sadden when you see the children running for candy. I work with children and it was hard to see that...the sugar cane field was cool because you get to try it and see where sugar comes from! It was really nice overall and you should all do it..it cost around $75-$79 american.The other tour we went on was the quads...I will tell you now to get your own! This was our favourite...we actually wanted to do it again. It's $100/couple. But well worth it. You visit the locals, a store to buy souviniers(don't buy any there-it's way expensive and not worth it), you get to swim in a cave and just have a lot of fun...some people that went with other tour guides got nasty dirty(going through went lands) but we just went around them...it's alright if you are into getting dirty but make sure you don't wear anything expensive. Make sure you have a pair of runners/sunglasses. We would do it again!DRINKS:IMPORTED! You can drink Baileys/Absolute there. Just remember that Bailey's is usually done by mid afternoon. Unless...you speak to the supervisor. There is usually a supervisor close by at ever section of the restaurants/bars. And by no time...Bailey's is not out for the day! So, again....don't be timid. THEATER:Was very cool...A differnt thing every night...plus they do karioke prior to the performances...I think it's for children/adults...DISCO:It is alright. not the greatest. But when you have a few drinks your good to go...no dress code but don't expect it do be like clubs back home. I suggest going to a club called mangoo(grand flamenco resort I believe) Its good...Just request more RB HipHop or whatever you like...and try to bring local money because they try to rip you off big time...i think it's 45 local currency to $1USDOverall....The best trip so far. We really would recommend going. Just always remember: You aren't at home so your expectations on food and what your used to can't be comparable. Just have fun and enjoy...if you dwell on the worst then you can't see what it has to offer. If you really like it...you can always become a Superclub Breezes club memeber and have VIP service for the future! ( it's like time sharing but not) We did it! So...there you have a whole synopsis of our enjoyable experince and I personally hope that you have a great time there too!  
<Date>Jul 1, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>valeriez
<Content>What a Disappointment! I am so sorry I picked the Dominican Punta Cana Resort for my annual out of the country trip last week. The only good part of my stay at Breezes was the beach. I found the staff to be rude and unhelpful. Requesting towels or the refrigerator to be restocked with bottled water required a few phone calls to Housekeeping on a daily basis. (We were there for 5 nights) Our room overlooked the ampitheatre where a show is performed nightly. You are subjected to listening to the rehersal for the show every afternoon and then the evening performance for 3 hours. You can forget about watching television or carrying on a conversation in your room at showtime because the music is so loud(just what you want when you're heat beat from a day by the water and need air conditioning!)The buffet in the Alcazar Restaurant makes one cringe if you know anything about basic food handling sanitation. There doesnt appear to be any refrigeration used on the buffet. The only thing on ice was the butter pats and even that was only until the ice melted then it just floated in the warm water. There was ice cream but it was more like ice cream soup! I didn't see anyone with gloves on who was carving meat etc and can only imagine what was going on in the kitchen!The specialty French Restaurant we went to one evening was a nightmare. The A/C wasn't working well and we watched many parties that were seated well after we were get waited on. When after 45 minutes the waiter finally came over we politely told him we were only going to get dessert because of the long wait. The 3 of us each ordered a Creme Brule. He ended up coming back with one that he obviously just dumped in a soup bowl and threw it on the table and walked away.I could go on and on: Forget about getting service at the pool bar -the only time I was able to get waited on they had no ice available.You could buy post cards in the little variety store but no stamps (They do have quite a variety of condoms, aphrodisiacs and Viagra though!) The price you are quoted by the hovering sales help is far different than what you pay at the register.The elevators are tiny with no A/C or ventilation and were out of order for the majority of our stay.Last but not least-Remember the pool scene from Caddyshack? That wasn't a Baby Ruth Bar floating in on the tide the day before I left!!  
<Date>Jun 30, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>charmed_partners
<Content>Not for little kids really! I stayed here withmy husband and 3 year old son from 9th June - 24th June 2004. I found the accomodation more than good, facilities are great. I did however have some trouble. Firstly I got a 4th floor room with a 3 year old. Not good. Then to our horror the balcony had a big gap one end where he could get his whole body through. When I reported this they said they would put some netting up which they still haven't done and according to guest services, children under 5 years of age should not be accomodated in a room with 'columns' which our room was. The kids club started at 4 years and wouldn't accept our nearly 4 year old which was a pity. I found the staff prioritising certain clientele to others as some individuals insist on tipping at the bars when this is not necessary until end of holiday as gratuities are inclusive in holiday costing. There was a huge influx of Puerto Ricans during our stay who also seemed to gain priority attention for the duration. At one point some waitresses declined to serve us displaying pure rude behaviour by walking off before we had finished giving our order. If we were in our room when the maid came she gave us towels and did not bother to stock up fridge or even suggest the room might need cleaning.In all we enjoyed it, there were just a few niggles that need to be sorted out. I'm glad I went as the beach is awesome, but I won't be rushing back. This is my 4th visit to the Dom Rep as I have previously been to the north.Food was good especially the French resteraunt. They are all worth a visit but that one shines. Buffet food was good although the grill bar which does BBQ did result in a few stomach upsets with under cooked chicken trying to satisfy the hoardes of hungry holiday makers, I got a piece of chicken and it was definatly raw!!!!!!!!!.A must is to try the cocktail MUDSLIDE, if you like Baileys, this ones wicked.You don't get a decent TV picture in room but then you don't fly across the world to watch it. Do you?The marinarium trip was a rip off. It said 75 mins of snorkelling then a shark encounter. We got 5 mins snorkelling to the shark pen that was it. $70 for that 2 soft drinks, a coco loco you could eat not drink, bread and ham to make a stale sandwich and a piece of coconut or a mini biscuit. Alcohol was served when you went to the 'naturall lagoon', more like when the boat nearly grounded on the shore and us being the only UK's among Dutch, French, Spanish Italian and USA's didn't get offered, but....well.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2004
<Rating>2	2	4	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Bad vacation Breezes Was The Worst Place We have ever visited. This Was a total disappointment. we had mold in our room. I can't describe how disgusting this was. Broken tile in the bathroom.the room smelled like mold. We checked in at 2:30 in the afternoon, didn't get a room untill 6:00 that evening.3 rooms were given to us with other people staying in them already. We walked in on people staying in them. There was no safety percautions to keep other peole from walking in on us. We had a sewer cover in front of our room with no top on it, so we couldn't go out on our deck for smelling the sewage . We were told by our travel agent that this was a brand new facility several times.We were told that the resort was built inNovember 2003. This is so not true!. We have filed a complaint with the agent at Greystone Travel.Greystone travel would not give us information to deal directly with the Superclubs rep. Myra said it would be better to deal with her directly to get anything done. We have not been handled the way a complaint should be taken seriously. It has now been two weeks and we have not been told anything except she has a call in and he hasn't called her back.There is no concern from the resort, travel agency or Superclubs. I would not recommend this resort to anyone.I'll keep you posted on what is done with this complaint. I took pictures you can see them if you like, just email me. Long story short, this was a disgusting vacation. The sad part is, my husband and I were celebrating our anniversary and we took our kids who were celebrating there honeymoon Bad Vacation  
<Date>Jun 30, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>UNBELIEVABLE BEACH Myself, my husband, daughter,(13) Brother, Sister-inlaw, niece(14) and nephew (13) visited Breezes for 8 days from 6/19 - 6/26. After reading alot of the reviews, I was a little nervous about what to expect. We have been to many different islands in the Carrabian and I have to say, this property was one of the most beautiful I've ever seen. The beach was powder white with sprinkles of pink. Palm trees and crystal blue-green water added to a breathtaking view. The hotel was very clean and the people were very friendly. There are a few things you must know...Men MUST wear pants to the a la carte restaurants. They allowed jeans but absolutly no shorts. It was ok for my nephew to wear shorts but not the men. I would also request an upper level room because we experienced no bugs at all. (room 5410) Keep in mind, the rooms are small and there are only 3 small drawers to store your clothes in. Bring some extra hangers and you should be able to hang most of your things up. I also brought a room freshner and my room never smelled musty. Be prepared to walk!!!! There is only one elevator and it's in the center of the resort, so if you are on either end and have an upper level, it's a hike. I guess the worst experience we had was the food. I did try to keep in mind where we were, but like I said I've been to other island resorts (Beaches, Sandles) and the food in Breezes didn't even come close. Anyone who says it is fantastic is crazy. Don't get me wrong, it is edible...but don't expect to look forward to any of your meals. My husband and I took pepto bismol every day but still had some problems. The french was our favorite and it's not your typical french food. The italian was ok but don't expect real italian. The japanese was fair. If you have ever gone to one of these cook in front of you restaurants, don't expect the same quality you get home. Not great, but edible. We visited the market on the beach(if your looking at the water go right and around the bend you will see it) It was the best place to get stuff. Definately bargin. I got things for half the price that they said they wanted, and I probably could have gone lower. We did almost every water sport the hotel offered and they were great. The men went deep sea fishing one day and caught a 30 pound Mahi Mahi. They took half of the fish back to the hotel, slipped them a few dollars, and they cleaned it and cooked it to perfection. They even set a special table for us at the grill and we had our own waiters to serve all 7 of us, including wine. It was great. So if you decide to do this...take the fish back to the hotel. It is definately worth it. It is also worth it to tip your bartenders if your going to stay in the same general area each day. They will remember you and you will get much better service. Trust me...5 dollars goes a long way!!!!!!! The only thing left to comment on is the weather. Ours was absolutly perfect. Mostly sunny and when it got a little cloudy, you welcomed it. It only rained 10 minutes one day. Hope you get as lucky. Being from the northeast, we are generally pretty critical of things, so believe me the resort is worth the money! We all said we would go back.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very mixed My boyfriend and I have just returned from a week long stay and had very mixed experiences of this resort. The first thing to say is a very serious comment - do NOT have a temporary tattoo done by the henna tattooist by the pool. I had one of these done for fun, and now have a large chemical burn which is likely to leave permanent scarring. This appeared after my return home, and I've been told by the NHS that the only way this would occur is if they'd added toxic chemicals called PPD to the henna to make it darker. The hotel itself is enormous. It's very beautiful, and the public areas are extremely well kept. The bedrooms were in need of some work, with our bathroom in particular being in dire need of some care and attention. But the maid was helpful (although getting more than 2 towels out of her, despite leaving a tip, took some doing), and the room was always clean with a well stocked fridge of soft drinks. Lots of ants about, but you expect that somewhere like that.The beach was beautiful, and as the last hotel on this bit of coast, was quieter than some of the others we saw on a speed boat trip down the coast line. Lots of umbrellas about, with plentiful sun loungers, and lots of bins (although there were LOTS of cigarette butts about - it seems that smokers see sand and assume it's an ash tray).I can highly recommend the massage hut on the beach - for around 25 dollars US you get a wonderful, peaceful massage lasting between half an hour and 45 minutes. Pure bliss.The food was terrible. Stale bread (how? when they feed so many people, how does it have time to get stale?), badly cooked meat, and be prepared for the birds to get their choice long before you do. I expect flies in the tropics, but large birds picking at the food was a little off putting. Getting anything plain rather than smothered in faty, greasy, cheap sauces was impossible. The speciality restaurants were somewhat of a joke - the menu extended to all of three choices in most of them. In the Japanese restaurant, our chef dropped the raw fish and meat on the floor no less than 4 times, scraped it right back on to the plate, and cooked it anyway. Strangely, I'd lost my appetite. The exception was the French restaurant, which, whilst not exactly authentic French, was very good. We ended up eating there 3 nights in a row, so it did mean eating the same thing several times. However, despite this, both my boyfriend and I developed stomach upsets which did spoil the holiday (the loos are a long way from the beach!)As far as trips outside the hotel, we went on three, two of which were wonderful. The best for me was the Marinarium trip, where they take you snorkelling over a very shallow coral reef, where the fish are fantastic, and then into an enclosure with lots of sharks and rays. These apparently are nurse sharks, which don't harm humans, but it's still pretty scary when they start swimming towards you! They then take you further down the coast on the boat, serve sandwiches, lots to drink, and stop in some shallow water for swimming if you want to get out again. Highly recommended and very relaxing.The second good trip was to Isla Saona, part of the national park. This is a long drive away, so make sure you take the water out of your fridge - it tells you the trip is all inclusive, which it is - once you get to the island, some 4 hours after leaving your hotel.You are taken by speedboat out to the island, which is off the south tip of DR, from Bayahibe, a small fishing port. They stop the boats half way there and turf you out into the sea, which sounds insane, but there's a large sandbank, and the water is no more than waist deep. There, you go hunting for star fish, which you can lift (very briefly and gently) out of the water and take pictures with them (buy disposable waterproof cameras at home, they're expensive there). They then take you out to the island, where there are lots of sun loungers (somewhat tired) and they serve a barbecue lunch. My only criticism would be that the second you get there, the music starts blaring out and never, ever stops - not my idea of an island paradise - was thinking more of the sound of the sea rather than of the merengue.On the way back, you stop for shopping at a place on the outskirts of Higuey, which wasn't badly priced, but worth haggling - and keep a close eye on them when they add up the total of your purchase, our cashier had an amazing ability to multiply instead of add things!The trip that disappointed us was the monster truck safari, which takes you around the interior of the island a little. They said at the start that they used the trip as a way of funding local schools, as education is not mandatory in the country and doesn't receive much funding from the state. No problem - bought the hat, gave the tour guide some pens and soaps we'd picked up from the hotel. But the tour then degenerated into being all about the poor children. At every stop, there were hoardes and hoards of them, grabbing at you, trying to take your hat, and instead of hanging on to the things people had given him, the tour guide just handed them all out to the kids at every stop - and asked every time if we had anything else for the kids, or encouraged us to purchase pens from little stalls to give to them. I'm all in favour of encouraging education, and would happily have made a donation, but how exactly tour guides handing out things on the spot to the loudest kids encourages them to go to school rather than begging is utterly beyond me. We went from being impressed at their determination to improve themselves, to not wanting to get out of the trucks at all because of the incessant begging. The only two places there were no beggars were the first stop, at a local farm where the owners made fresh ground coffee (REALLY fresh!), and let you look round their houses, and at the lunch stop. Lunch wasn't too bad, but they then waited by a river for ages afterwards, which would have been fine, but the river was extremely rocky hence not great for paddling, and not deep enough for swimming. In the incredible heat (36 C plus 98% humidity) we just wanted to get back on the trucks and move to get the breeze!On balance, this is not a holiday I'd recommend to anyone really looking to relax. The food is not 4 star quality - in fact, it's barely 2 star, and the hygiene is appaling (yes, I know it's basically a 3rd world country, but we did not have any problems like this in Jamaica, in a much smaller hotel). The hotel is loud, with music playing ALL the time at very high volume from around the pool and the various bars. Oh, and expect a fight at the airport - they are very strict on excess baggage, and again, multiplication is not something they're shy of - our 5kg excess at $10 a kg somehow ended up meaning we owed them $170! Not that we paid it - argue long enough, and they give up. There are far nicer places to go in the Caribbean, at far better value for money, than this. The only truly faultless thing was the beach - a true picture postcard.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best vacation yet I spent one week at the Breezes Punta Cana from June 6 to June 13, 2004 and had the best vacation yet. There is so much to do between the beach, and the pool, different restaurants, trips you can take (for additional fee), spa and casino. I found the staff to be very accomodating and friendly. As for the rooms being noisy, I would recommend that you bring some ear plugs with you. I know I did and I used them daily. Make sure to bring lots of sun protection with you! I would highly recommend this resort to anyone. I hope to be back there next year!  
<Date>Jun 27, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>follow the leader Just returned from a 1 wk vacation on june 20/04.Breezes-what you need to know  what you reallydon't. We had a fabulous vacation  cannot condem the resort. The key is to remember you are vacationing in a 3rd world country, where their standard of living is quite different from where you come from.The resort is stunning! They upkeep of the grounds is second to none, including the pool.The restaurants are satisfactory as long as you stayaway from any raw seafood  red meat. Ensure you go to the buffet restaurant on the night they serve grilled lobster tails-they were amazing  anabundance! Something to be said about the Japenesse-funny, no one at our seating had thefish, steak or chicken. But do eat the shrimp  hope you get more than 3 of them! Paris is a goodchoice! Skip the main course have the shrimp apetizer  the cream brulle!!!!! Bypass the italian,it's not authentic  not even a good imitation.The bars-ask for baileys  keep your fingers crossed-you might get lucky! Wink at the bar staff,girls or guys, slip them a dollar  you will receivewhat ever you want! True to word-no measuredor water downed drinks here!!! Trust us, we experienced it the first afternoon we were there.Wow-what a beach-powder white sand-crystal clearwarm water. One of the best we have ever been on! Accomodations-bring your own pillow  if you canbring your own mattress. Rooms need a major, major overhaul-one nice thing-you always get lotsof bottled water  pop in your room fridge. Themaid gets there by 5:00 so don't rush back from thebeach or pool. Bring a scented candle to douse themusty smell in the room. Some ants paid us a visit, but not too annoying.Look for Vita from St Louis-the exercise queen!!!Famous last words from the party staff-looky, looky, no touchy  remember girls are chicas  the men are gorilla's. As long as the 10 yr oldsstay out of the Disco-you might end up having agood time! We left early because we didn't feel likebabysitting.Take a trip down the long long hallway to the casino-don't get hooked on playing there incentive game called keno-it's a scam. the slots don't payoff. Your best chance on money romance is blackjack. Keep in mind they hit on soft 17 teens. Needless to say we made a profit.Don't buy the paintings-they were rained on  usedas umbrellas by the staff. Do bargin with them when their selling rum, tee shirts  what they calljewllery.Visit the jewellery shop-got an amazing ring at below cost.Watch the supermarket as they call it. You will payin US $  receive pesos back. Word of advice, dominican cigars are cheaper back home then theprices at the resort.Overall-it's a great place to vacation, but you wouldnot want to live there.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great time The resort was more than we had expected. I would not recommend if you were looking for a resort for singles. There were quite a few couples and families but we still managed to have a great time. I think the key in order to get served fairly quickly at the bars is too tip. Otherwise you will get served but could take a while. Our room was clean and we had no bug problem with an excellent location overlooking the pool. Food was so-so but edible. I would not go back for the food. Several of us felt sick after eating at the japanese place but that may have been as a result of the amount of salt they cooked with. Our check did not say a word during the entire dinnner. We were disappointed with that. Hotel staff was okay but there was some language barriers at times. Overall though we had a nice time and would go back   
<Date>Jun 22, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great value Just came back on June 21st. Here is a quick ratings list of this resort:Service: ExcellentBeach: Excellent - The best I have seen.Rooms: Compared to other 3rd world vacations, this is on par. Woke up each morning with additional mosquito bites. Very small insects were seen on the floor- even after being cleaned! the resort is very noisy. I agree with the other comments about the poor design - the rooms circle the entertainment area as well this place echos terriblyFood: The al a carte restaurants are good. The Japenese is the best. The buffet is good. But birds are continously flying around and stealing food from patrons and the buffet - not a great site!Entertainment: The nightly shows are excellent. The staff work very hard to put on each show.Overall I would rate this hotel a 4 star.Advice: Bring bug spary for your room and ask for a room in the 7XXX side as it would be quieter.   
<Date>Jun 21, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Good Trip!! I traveled to the SuperClubs Breezes in Punta Cana on April 18. What a great trip! Sixteen of us traveled to the Dominican for a wedding, which was absolutely beautiful. Check in had a really long line as several busses arrived at the same time, however, you are there to relax, and it certainly isn hard or stressful work checking in, especially with the staff there! I would have to say that 95% of the staff are great! There isn too much of a language barrierowever some only know as much English as we do Spanishut they always appreciated the effort for us to communicate with them in their native tongue! The rooms were nothing fancy, but who stays in the room anyway. Beds were comfortable enough to get a good night sleep, so what more do you need? The little patios that were attached to each room were awesome. Our whole group had rooms side by side and we all faced the Amphitheatre. Although while practicing during the day, it could be pretty loud in your room (for your afternoon nap), the shows at night showed so much effort on the resort and the performer parts, they were fantastic to watch! During the day, there was plenty to do, including heading up the coast to the hark?market! What a place. You walk North for about 15 minutes and all you see is what looks like a tent city! This is a great place to shop for jewelry, tote bags, t-shirts, wraps and virtually anything you could want. Be sure to bargain with the sharks at the market though, as they will automatically go for high prices with everything! Be firm, and walk away if you have to! Back at the resort, we would rent wake boards, play in the ocean, the pool, the soccer/volleyball court, and of courset the bars! The weddings they hold there are wonderful! The scenery is beautiful, most couples choosing the beach as their background. The resort will raid?palm leaves into an arbor, and pin the most colourful flowers onto it. They will also come around with pedals of the same flower, and scatter the freshly raked portion of beach. Although it is not totally private being on beach, it is a quiet part. We got tons of great photos of the resort and beach, and even of the gorgeous sunrise one morning. My only warninghe sun is deadly! I know you are probably thinking, ell, ya!?But seriously, wear your sunscreen! Have a great time, and don worry about anything. Special mention to Lucia, Tyson, Oscar, and the crew at the front desk! And enjoy the club song! You will be singing it for months after you come back! It is that addicting!! (You can buy the CD in the gift shop on sitearibe 2004!)  
<Date>Jun 17, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place for a Wedding! I was so worried about the hotel because of all of the bad reviews. It was so much better than I expected. We got married on April 27, 2004. We went down with 25 family members and friends.Check in: We didn get to the hotel till about 11:00 PM. When we got there everything went smoothly. Rooms: Our room, 3327, had an awesome view. The beds were a little hard but we didn spend too much time in them. The shower pressure was great but sometimes there was no hot water. No big deal. These things happen all the time in the Caribbean. We did not see any bugs and the rooms were cleaned every morning while we were on the beach.Food: It was a little hard to adjust to everything being warm. By the end of the week you are used to it and know what kinds of food you like and don like. We ate in every single restaurant. The Italian was our favorite. We had our wedding reception there. The Japanese and the Mexican are also very good. The only thing is that the Mexican is outside and it can be a little warm. The French was our least favorite. It not that it was bad it just wasn as good as the others. For breakfast and lunch both buffets are good.Bars: The bars did have a little bit of a smell to them but what bar doesn. There were hardly any lines and the drinks were very good. The only thing is that they got so warm so quick, but you get used to that too.Wedding: The wedding coordinators were very helpful. They did all of the work and had a checklist of things so nothing was left out. Our wedding was at 2:00, which was a little hot. I wish I picked a later time. I can complain. The ceremony only took about 10 mins. It was beautifully decorated. There was an archway on the beach with flowers and there flower petals down the aisle. We had a champagne toast on the beach for all of the guests. The photographer did an excellent job with the pictures and we had them the following day. After the reception they brought up a bottle of champagne and a fruit platter. We had the dinner reception in the Italian restaurant. We had our own room on the second floor. Everything went smoothly, service was great, drinks flowed, and the cake was nice. I would do it over again in a heartbeat.Activities: There was something for everyone. You could get a mask and snorkel, boogie board, or kayak for an hour for free. The market was about a 15 min walk down the beach. The disco was fun if you like to dance. Plus there were shows at the amphitheater every night. The casino was a little small but if you wanted to gamble you have gone to Vegas. We went on two excursions. The first one was a jeep tour. It took us to a huge cave when Indians used to live, local stores, thru towns, around sugar cane fields, a horse ranch, tour of a real house and school and we ended up at a secluded beach. Overall it was a great trip. The second trip was a nice air-conditioned minibus that took us to the south side of the island. There we got on a spend boat. It took us out and let us go snorkeling. Then we went to a natural swimming hole. The water was so clear and warm. From there we went to another island called Saona. We went to a beach there and spent a few hours there playing volleyball and eating lunch. On the way back we took a catamaran where there was dancing and drinking. Another great time. I would recommend this hotel to anyone. We all had a great time. Every time we see each other that is all we can talk about. It was the best wedding we could have imagined.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best week of our lives!!! What a fabulous resort! My boyfriend and I stayed at Breezes June 6 - 13 2004 and would go back in a second! The beach was right off of a post card. The water was perfectly clear and the waves were huge! The sand was white and powder soft. It wasn't difficult to find a spot with some shade no matter what time we headed down to the beach (probably because it's soft season and the resort wasn't full).The pool was good. By mid-afternoon the water was pretty warm because of the sun, but it was still refreshing. Lots of kids.The only restaurants we tried were the buffet, the Italian, and the Grill. The buffet had absolutely amazing food at breakfast time. We usually had lunch at the Grill restaurant because it was close to the beach. The food was pretty good. I thought the buffet at dinner time was a little touch-and-go...but I'm a picky eater. At least the deserts were good! Neither of us ever had any trouble with our stomachs.Our room was nice. The beds were hard, but we were so tired by the time we went to bed that we didn't notice! Our room # was 5407. It overlooked the pool and the ocean. It was absolutely wonderful!If you go down to the beach, turn right, and walk about 15 minutes, you will come to a flea market. Do all your shopping there. All of the vendors sell basically the same stuff but it's still fun. Bargain, bargain, bargain! Walking away helps...they'll take whatever price you offer if they can get you to come back.We did one excursion. It was the Kontiki  Calypso snorkel trip. It was a half-day trip and definitely a highlight of our vacation. You go on a party boat where the drinks flow freely and the staff are amazing. Who knew partying with people you don't even know could be so much fun?! It was awesome. Go on that trip if it's available to you! You won't regret it!Anyway, I would completely recommend this resort to anyone. There's always something to do and your week will go by way too quickly! Have fun!  
<Date>Jun 15, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not bad for the buck Visited Breezes June 2004. The beach was beautiful, spotless and huge. The water was clear and cool. Room was sufficient. Beds not terribly comfortable. Mini Bar seemed to be hit or miss, sometimes you would get it replenished and other days no. Bring your own alarm clock! Maid service was very good. The food was the weak spot of the resort, but adequate. It seemed that the resort is trying to hit the lowest common demoninator for four different cultures, and the results are bland and boring selections. We visited each of the specialty restaurants. None of them were that difficult to get seated at. At most we had a 20 minute wait, but it just gave us time to grab a pre-dinner drink. The Italian restaurant was by far the best. The Alcazar buffet was large with nice atmosphere. It was a good choice for breakfast and lunch. Occasional birds fly through due to the open layout, but that just added to the appeal for us. We went on two excursions, a catamaran trip to Saona island and a monster truck trip through the interior. Both highlighted the natural beauty of the region. However, they were both full day trips that would have made better half day trips. Plenty of children present, but the resort is large enough that they weren't a bother. The swimming pool was nice, but every single chair was filled each time we visited. The beach was far more spacious and we always found a thatched hut to sit under even though we weren't heading down at 8 am to claim chairs. This is a large resort with lots of rooms. But we didn't feel crowded except at the pool.   
<Date>Jun 13, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Budget Hotel We stayed at Breezes in March for our spring vacation. I think the review titled Concentration Camp is very accurate and should be a warning to not visit this property. On the first night one of the beds broke and we were given a key that did not work for our door. As was typical during our stay, I would call the front desk to report a problem, which they said would be fixed. We would return to the room later at night and nothing had been done. Then we would call again and there was no answer so we would walk to the desk. Our room was the furthest away, on the fourth floor and you could not use elevator because panel for button had live wires coming out of it. We also had an expired smoke battery making chirping sound, handle to shower broke three times, and numerous requests to receive the correct number of towels. I spoke to the General Manager on day three, who was helpful. We did have problems on the last day with our shower handle, which was not fixed despite calls.Our stay was so horrbile that one hour after checking out and boarding bus Iwas told I had an envelope at front desk. The entire bus had to wait while I retrived envelope. It was an offer to have two complimentary nights. After returning home I sent an e-mail to the General Manager to let her know several outstanding employees who I thought desereved special attention as well as a complaint about a rude employee at front desk. I also sent a letter and she has not responded. The hotel has a beautiful location but needs lots of renovation. Most importantly it needs better management.  
<Date>Jun 10, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Come and Enjoy I just returned from Breezes, Punta Cana and I cannot wait to go back. Although the room itself was not as spectacular as I'd expected, the resort compensated in service, which was above and beyond. It reminded of Disney in a sense; before I dropped something or needed anything someone was there to serve and the attitude was hospitable and friendly. I speak no Spanish but that did not interfere at all. We worked it out.If you want fun in the sun and regular people go to Breezes, Punta Cana.   
<Date>Jun 8, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the trip........ Following reading the reviews i felt that i had to write one myself upon our return.Kerrie  Myself went to the Dominican Republic in order to get married.We chose Breezes Hotel in Punta Cana and flew out on 19th May 2004.The flight was a bit long(9hours) but when we got off the plane the heat just hits you.We got to our hotel and it was just like the pictures.We had a suite with 2 rooms, 2 bathroom and a balcony.It does say that the bathroom has a jacuzi in but it was just jets in the bath.The rep, Linda greated us and was great all the time.The food was first class and plenty.There is water, soft drinks replaced in your fridge on a daily basis.We went on trips that were also great.Our wedding could not have been better. The wedding co-ordinator, Barbara was just great. She made the day just special. Kerrie had here Nails, Hair, Make up and a facial done in the spa at the hotel. This was extra but not much.The trips we went on were the monster truck 8 X 8 into the heart of the Dominican Republic.We went to the Sanona Island(the bounty island) and then went on a trip called Castaway Catamaran. We went on a Catamaran all the way to the Catalina island. We went snorkling etc.Also a trip called Kontiki which is a big boat where you drink all day and have fun.I must say that this was the most special trip of a life time and we will be returning next year.Thank you Breezes....  
<Date>Jun 5, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Can't wait to go back! Hiya! Im 17 years old and went to Breezes Punta Cana for 2 weeks in February this year, with my mum and dad and 15 year old sister! If you are planning a trip there i wouldn't take the negative reviews that seriously, yes there are always a few bad points about anywhere you go but if these people that only send in negative comments about a place as beautiful as the Dominican Republic they must have a serious problem!Obviously standards are not going to be as high as they would in the UK and USA but thats the point of going on holiday to experience something different and not like your everyday life at home!The hotel itself is huge (the biggest ive ever been to!) but you can find quiet spaces away from crowds of people. The pool was very busy and the only bad thing was sometimes you had trouble finding umbrellas for shade, but that was usually as some selfish people had 1 each for each of their family! The beach was the place to go for relaxing it was peaceful, had beautiful views and a cool breeze out of the sun!You have no chance of getting bored, around the pool there is continuous entertainment, hilarious pool games, salsa dancing lessons, yoga, aerobics and darts competions and loads more. There is no way you could fault any of the entertainment staff (especially Christian, Tyson, Spaghetti, Edwardo,Antonio and Simon) they are amazing hardworking people, they couldn't do enough for us, they chatted to us every day and we got to no them pretty well even on the limited english! They are funny and extremely clever people whos main aim is to make sure you have fun but if you didn't want to join and prefered to prop up the pool bar they left you to it! Of an evening there were shows to watch but i ended up watching them from my balcony as i was often back from the beach very late and needed to get ready to go out! There was the disco to which i was in every night till about 2! Again all the staff are there showing off their moves, there are tequilla and sexy dancing competions which are mad but such a laugh! There was music to suit everyone and the bar staff in the disco were great fun to creating cocktails for all us worn out dancers!Ive seen some reviews complaining about the food, i have to say these people must be the fussiest eaters if they didn't like it! There is food avaliable 24hrs so after the disco we headed for the pool bar for something to eat! There are local dishes and the usual burgers, chips and salads. They had huge amounts of fruit and the deserts were amazing! True the Japenese, Mexican, French and Chinese restuarants were harder to get into but queing for hours to get in is exaggerating, if you left it slightly later to get in say about 8:30 you only waited about 10minutes for a table. The food in these restuarants was perfect and well worth waiting that bit extra for!The rooms were basic but did have everything you needed, and if like us you travelled 9 hours by plane to get to the Dominican i doubt you would want to be sitting in the room! We had clean towels every single day and even if we were in the room the first time the cleaners came round they always came back again later in the day and the mini bar was always full!If you go on any excursions make sure its the monster truck safari and the kontiki party boat! The Monster truck safari showed you the real dominican away from the hotel and you realise that some people on the island really have nothing so if you go try and take little toiletries from the hotel for the women and clothes and toys were appreaciated so much, it was quite upsetting to see that things i would normally throw away meant so much to these people, they were all so freindly and grateful!The Kontiki Party Boat was just that a huge PARTY! everyone drank rum, went snorkelling, danced and did the limbo! It was so much fun and again we got to no the crew (did anyone else meet Jason and the M Jackson tribute?) really well which made the day even more fun! Most of the Dominican people we met said they loved English people who were laid back and just knew how to let go and have fun, the more you just go with the flow the more fun you will have trust me!! We were the only English people on the boat and I met many American and Canadian people that day and they are so much fun although i think they were shocked at how mad the four of us in my family are! It was a great day!There is so much more i could write about my all time favorite holiday but im sure you can see from this how much i loved this and i think the negative reviews are seriously over exaggerated so don't let them ruin your thoughts of going to this great hotel,im even trying to get a job out there and ive just booked to go back with my best freind next year for our 18th birthdays and its going to be great i wouldn't be going back if it was as bad as some reviews say! so what are you waiting for book it now! x x x  
<Date>Jun 5, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It's Worth It I stayed at Breezes in Punta Cana for the week of May 17-23, and it was great. I went with a group of seven people - my girlfriend  her family. Of the time and money one puts into this trip, in my opinion, the vacation is well worth it. This resort on the eastern coast of the Dominican Republic is a magnificent setting, with a beautiful stretch of private beach. Everything you would want to do is available - countless water sports  activities to participate in, various restaurants, bars,  entertainment. As you may read in other reviews, YES, there are a couple things that one must be aware of when staying at Breezes. But I don believe it ruins the vacation in any way. I will address these issues during my review. Room: The resort itself is massive  beautiful, yet confusing at first. When you check into the resort, make sure you have an idea where your room is. Or else you will be doing laps around the resort. The room was a nice-size room, high ceilings, with a refrigerator full of drinks, cable TV, A/C, and very clean. The view was unbelievable - overlooking the ocean, as well as the pool and the outside bar  grill. Youl be given a key for a safe in the room. I would advise you to lock your expensive belongings in the safe, or keep them closed in your suitcase. Just don leave anything out (cell phone, money, jewelry, etc).Service: If you want faster restaurant/bar service, or extra towels  a stacked refrigerator for the room, tip them a dollar. The resort says o tipping,?but itl help, trust me. Theyl be grateful.Beach: The private beach was absolutely gorgeous. I couldn explain to you how colorful and stunning the ocean water is. And forget about hauling the umbrellas and blankets to the beach, because you have your own private mini-hut  lounge chairs, along with bar  grill just a few steps away. I would advise you to reserve a mini-hut, because they may all be taken if you go to the beach in the later part of the morning. I should note that the beach towel-exchange is a bit peculiar. You get one towel (to exchange at the water sports center), and that it. Water Sports  Activities: If youe up for keeping active, I strongly recommend participating in the water sports  activities. Look into the TV Excursion.?It a three hour quad ride along the beaches, caves, country side, and villages outside of the resort. A couple tour guides lead you through these sights. It awesome, and definitely worth the $50. Keep an eye out for the daily schedule posted throughout the resort that lists the activities and times. Snorkeling, Banana-boating, Scuba, Parasailing, Beach Volleyball, Contests, Dance Lessons ?it all there. Some may cost some money, but nothing big. Take advantage.Food/Entertainment: When you choose to dine at Breezes, you definitely have various places to choose from. Overall, the food wasn great, but not bad. Just keep in mind that the food prepared there is not like the food back home (New Jersey). So, in my opinion, the best place is Mexican (El Sombrero). Nice setting, great food, and even better service. French, Japanese, and Alcazar buffet were good. No complaints. I would stay away from Italian (Martino). First of all, their food wasn good at all, and their service was even worse. The outside buffet didn thrill us one bit (not much refrigeration). Your best bet there is something straight off the grill. Great bands, live shows, club (disco), casino, or just relaxing at one of the many bars, there always something to do at night, and it all right there.Banking Service: The bank is called anco Popular.?You probably heard of it before. Let me just say that this was the worst banking service Ie ever encountered in my life. The competency level in that bank is one.?Period.In summary?Beach is breath-taking. Beautiful resort. Nice clean rooms. Keep expensive belongings locked in safe. Poor banking service. Food is kay.?Entertainment is great. Fun activities. IT WORTH IT.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rubyloo
<Content>Best Holiday Ever....... Well after reading the last review I felt I had to write a quick review even though its a bit late (we visited Breezes last Nov). This was our first trip to Dom Rep, we usually go to Greece/Cyprus/Balierics  stay in 4* properties, on several occasions I have felt the need to complain to reps both in resort  on return  count myself very fussy both on accommadation, service  food. After reading some of the reviews of Breezes I seriously considered cancelling but decided to go ahead after reading good reviews from numerous people,  boy am I glad we did.......We had the best holiday ever..The hotel was beautiful, The beach is just off a post card, food was endless with so much choice you were spoilt, the a'la'carte restraunts were excellent, we never had any problems with the pool, it was always clean as were all of the toilets throughout the hotel. No bad smells anywhere, the staff couldn't be more helpful even with just a small amout of English. The rooms were fine, not luxurious but clean  had everything you could want, we had a great Sea/Pool view. My only complaint was the weather, we had loads of rain  that is totally out of there hands  did not spoil our holiday one bit. Would we go back? If we could afford two holidays a year then the answer would be YES PLEASE! As we can't we make the rule to try somewhere new so this year its Cuba. All I can say is try  read between the lines of some of these reviews  ask yourself if they are for real! Somehow I wonder! Go  have a great time we did.  
<Date>May 28, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Vacation Concentration Camp Breezes deserves a two star rating and nothing more. If I had been moking something serious? I would have loved the place. The Breezes esort?must have been named for the stench that wafts across the entire Breezes complex. More to the point, it appears that those who rate hotels, (such as 3 star) are as corrupt as the most dishonest officials on the planet; that being Olympic judges. Their rating of FIVE STARS (!) was as insulting to those of us who stayed there as was the omelet cook (AKA the Omelet Nazi) in the lobby restaurant. We cried a lot. But, let start with the basics.Sanitation: This resort would fail any American Health Department requirements. The few public toilets are located in the main lobby area and often do not flush during the day. Create your own visual. The urinals never flush, except when the staff cleans them. They do clean these bathrooms frequently, a little unnerving when I, or other men would go into the men room to find a maid at work, with no intention of leaving. We had to pee, so we got used to her annoyed presence. There are no bath houses at the pool or beach, making it impossible to relieve oneself or shower or change. But, there is one stinking water closet next to the pavilion buffet, neglected by the otherwise determined maid. This is the only one available at the pool or beach. The pool water, therefor is only translucent by the afternoon. In order to relieve oneself, one has to go to the lobby restrooms, (a good walk) or hike back to your room, and this is a big esort? The children, of course utilize a more convenient method. Sanitation, as a topic runs throughout this piece. The Rooms: The rooms hail back to a bygone era and remind one of summer camp, unless you enjoyed summer camp. Although rooms had been repainted, the original bed comforters and curtains remain, after being used as the drop cloth, (splattered with paint). The building has interesting water leaks, such as in our neighbor room. During an afternoon rain, water strategically poured down through their closet, attacking first their clothes then, (pretending to be a waterfall) hitting the floor by their beds with such force as to soak one side of the bed with the spray alone. Had the sun shown through their patio door, a lovely rainbow would have been witnessed. They arrived back in their room that evening to the soothing sound of water sloshing under their feet and gurgling through the floor drain. After an hour of salvage operations, they were able to relax, spooned together on one end of the bed like two people in fetal position.The beds are a wood platform with a mattress; no box springs. The Mattress Association comfort rating was at least two points higher than a prison cell mattress. The room smelled of something that triggered the memory of a vague childhood trauma. You have towels some days, others not. My wife had to raid the maid cart of pillow cases (no towels) in order to bathe. The hair dryer was burned out and the front desk conveniently couldn speak English when the problem was politely addressed. Dining: The only two air-conditioned spaces in this esort? (other than the rooms) is two small restaurants that require reservations. The Italian was fair and provided the most nourishment I took in. Japanese was a cruel joke and we left. Japanese chefs slice through fresh pretty meat quickly with their knives, not saw at stringy, tough meat like a carpenter. To win a reservation, you must be in a queue line every morning before 8:00 and wait for over an hour in the sun beside a plywood sign with talian? apanese?etc painted on it. Around 9:00, a decidedly unmotivated person shows up at the sign and begins taking reservations. They give you a slip of paper with your time slot and ask that you reuse it every day because e don have much paper? (Yeah, it was hard for me to believe as well.) Waiting in line did, though provide a forum for everyone to compare notes on just how bad this place was; quite cathartic. And this was the experience that reminded us every day that we were not alone in our disappointment. Regardless of the other reviews you may read, there were hundreds of other people complaining. Waiting in line to hopefully win a chance eat allowed us to vent and not feel like spoiled complainers. The alternative to lining up like prisoners in the morning is to attempt dinner at the open buffet restaurant called the Alcazar, which means panish Fortress? Apparently, we were being paid back for the sins of Columbus. My wife dubbed it The Alcatraz Buffet and was applauded by all. The Alcatraz Buffet combines kitchen heat with the heat and humidity of the coast rolling through the open arches so that one may sweat profusely while anxiously picking through gruel for a scrap of sustenance. Appetite is lost when the reckless cleaning man walks shockingly close to the buffet with a wet, nasty mop held high and swinging like Rapunsel hair. There a lot of traffic in the Alcatraz, due to two factors: slim pickings and the eternal and panicked search by all guests for a clean plate, a glass, or coffee cup, of which there were sparse quantities. When the disheveled kitchen staff would come with freshly washed plates, stacked in a dirty, clattering, old plastic plate stacker, we would fairly sigh with hope as one voice. One out of every four plates appears to be clean. While sixty percent of the plates are the standard white, there are other patterns, apparently bought up, as available at flea markets. None matched. Big, black birds fly in and out through the open arches, landing possessively on the buffets, carefully selecting from the bread or cheese selections and leaving deposits of gratitude or territorial marking. They seemed well trained to land on the top of an unoccupied chair, dropping dark gifts which show up smartly on the back of one shirt after sitting down and leaning back. Food was barely edible, with few exceptions. Nobody gains weight on their trip. The carved fruit displays are deceptively beautiful, but one cannot eat fruit for a week without such consequences as lose stool or psychosis. The food stuffs on the buffets are the quality school cafeteria food found in impoverished Appalachia. One must pick around to find anything one is willing to eat. Meats were not at all palatable, including at breakfast. I thought pork bellies are supposed to be smoked and cured before slicing into bacon and frying halfway. Sausages are not supposed to look like the desperately stuffed goat rectums. My shifted fish-paradigms have yet to reset. My concept of fish is that it should flake with a fork. I tried two forks, with both hands to no avail. This scared me. Fish that is tougher than an old pork chop just ain right. The Pentagon is overlooking a source of new materials for body armor. You folks who are writing in your reviews that the food was kay?or reat?have never experienced the orgasmic taste sensations available from a Swanson frozen dinner. Apparently, some survivors of the Great Depression are still vacationing. What the hell is wrong with you people? It okay! The emperor is really naked! Really, he is! The Alcatraz Omelet Station is a scenario unto itself, earning it own paragraph. It is presided over by the Omelet Nazi, who grunts, whistles and barks orders to the prisoners, I mean guests. As usual anywhere, a guest spoons his or her choice of ingredients onto a small plate and hands it to the cook. (Sometimes there were peppers, sometimes onions; never both.) The Omelet Nazi works like a crazed butcher, commanding the next plate of ingredients, dumping them into a too-small bowl, cracking two eggs into it, then furiously stirring it over a trash can, the kind with a funnel top that was never, ever cleaned of its congealed black goo. He barks orders to the guests to keep moving, and we shuffle forward, lined up chest-to-back, not daring to offend him, as eggs are much needed protein. He then pours the mixture onto a too-hot grill that gets scraped lean?occasionally, folding it once to reveal the burned underside, lets it sit for another minute and slops the scorched thing up with the inside uncooked. The few brave, (or new) guests who order just fried eggs are met with a glare as they state ver easy?or ver medium? breaking his pattern of pyrolized omelets on the grill. He begrudgingly complies by breaking two eggs on the grill, skillfully breaking at least one yolk in the process. Over medium? He decides whether he will exact his vengeance by tossing on the plate either half-cooked eggs or something NASA would use for the soles of space boots. Maybe he has issues; I sure that away from work he a regular chap.Being from the South, I know I backward, but I have certain ideas and opinions about beef. Wel discuss ground beef in a moment, but let talk T-bones. Upon seeing T-bones available on the grill, my famished heart leaped for joy. They even smelled good as they cooked. But, my tender joy was short lived. After not being able to saw through one with a knife, I attempted biting a piece off in a quivering desperation. My teeth, being of insufficient caliber to accomplish the task, I aborted the project. The fibers, however remained lodged between my teeth. Ie tried floss, but nothing works. My immune system has begun rejecting it, but doctors are hopeful. Now, about the ground beef. Down here in the South, we put the ground beef that is iridescent green into the garbage and the stuff that red onto the grill. Perhaps we are mistaken. The cook at the merican Hamburger Stand?does it the other way. However, after an hour or two on the grill, there appeared to be no further bacteria growth. After fighting off the black birds for a stale, half pecked-away bun, one could partially assemble an merican Hamburger? They had catsup, but no mustard to mask the questionably bland meat tastes we encountered. This was a tragedy. Mustard has not yet been discovered in this part of the world. Michael Jackson and I are planning a ustard for the Dominican Children?tour with Joan Biez and Peter, Paul and Mary. Swimming in The Giant Bowl of Pee Soup, (or the pool, as some call it) was not something we were willing to experience. I am spoiled and prefer my swimming water to have a viscosity less than that of motor oil. As I mentioned, there is only one bathroom out there, so well hidden it must be located by tracking the smell. So, with a hundred-plus rug rats and an lesser number of inebriated, oil-slathered adults having no place else to drain their excess fun, this translucent body of fluid moves like soft-set Jell-O by late afternoon. Everyone is chased out of the pool at 6:00 by the whistle-blowing maintenance staff. Theye not being hostile; it just that their task is formidable, so theye as grumpy and focused as a Delta Force team about to attack an Al Qaida training camp with nothing but pepper spray. They turn on the main pumps with such force that whirl pools form and begin pumping in vast amounts of chlorine. If youe downwind from this, your Tropical shirt will fade before your eyes. Before this trip, I never heard the haunting chorus of screaming bacteria, a high pitched sound that tears at the very soul.I am convinced that the copious amounts of alcohol I consumed preserved my body and mind. Being forced to start drinking at breakfast in order to quell the voices in my head was as new an experience as the voices themselves. One must silence the urge to run when there nowhere to go. Now, Ie been in true ive star?all inclusive resorts before, so I know what to expect. If you want to stay at one, prepare to pay the going price. They are not cheap, certainly not in the Breezes price range, but are worth every penny to bask in the luxuries that define ive Stars? If youe just looking for a place to party at night, I sure Breezes or any other place will do, since alcohol and music create a good party even in the worst of settings. My advice to folks planning their vacation is this: Read as many reviews as possible. Read them carefully and pay attention to the details. If there are enough bad reviews or details that concern you, DON GO THERE! Only go to the ones that people speak well of. A vacation is to be enjoyed. Please enjoy yours.  
<Date>May 26, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ABS_1979
<Content>Sorry its late but i had to tell you all..... Apologies for the lateness of this response, we visited Breezes Punta Cana in October last year and were more than a little worried aboutsome poor reviews of the hotel. How wrong we were. Both myself and mypartner had the best holiday ever. The room was adequate, not the seaview that we requested but a nice view to the side overlooking thegardens. The room was always clean and the Mini bar was always wellstocked.The grounds, pool area and beach are stunningly beautiful, words simplydon't do it justice. There was little sign of any building work that wewere warned of before hand. The Restaurants are superb, we tried themall but had to go back to the Japanese as the food is too varied to onlytry once. The French was outstanding, although I was ill after theMexican.The one thing that we were most impressed with is the staff, the qualityof service and attentiveness of each individual was the best we haveever experienced. In most cases they simply couldn't do enough. Allthese little things as well as the quality and variety of activitieswithin the complex made this a magical place to visit.  
<Date>May 26, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice place but you can do better My 9 year old son and I stayed at Breezes Punta Cana in May 2004 and had a mixed experience. The good: the pool and beach were nice, there are plenty of bars with few lines, my son was able to do the trapeze, trampoline, and rock climbing with attentive instructors. The flight (by vacation express / pace) went quite well, arriving early on both ends - note the plane actually LEFT 15 minutes prior to schedule - make sure you travel with your group (as opposed to cab, unless you plan to arrive very early - we boarded 1 hour 15 minutes before schedule)The bad: the place is poorly laid out, the rooms are not very nice, the food was not to our liking, and the service was generally poor.Previously I have stayed at two different Palace Resorts near Cancun (Xpu-Ha, and Moon palace) and this place does not compare (though, to be fair, it was cheaper). Every single person on the bus ride back to the airport was disappointed with their experience at Punta Cana. I recommend Cancun or Riviera Maya instead.  
<Date>May 25, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>So much FUN!!! Firstly..all the people that wrote bad reviews about this resort...you are smoking something serious!!! In my expirience in the DR I learnt that in order to have fun you must be willing to enjoy yourself and let loose..The food..amazing, we went to the buffet once for dinner then every night after that we went to all 5 a la carte restaurants..italian and japanese twice. The rooms were okay..but if youve come to have fun and party you will hardly use your room. Entertainment more than I could ever ask for, props to Spaghettti, Christian (more tequila?), Tyson (Capitan COOK), Omar, Oscar (Oh my goodness), Fernando and Leonard, our favorite bartender!!! Disco was great, went every night..we even won the tequila dance competition and the sexy dance comptition, got 4 bottles of rum!! The shows were good, they practice hard, but most were rained out while we were there. The weather, not the greatest, but thats why may is the cheapest time to go..we only had 4 days of sun!! Last piece of advice...do everything, expirience everything...talk to the stafff...they love CANADIANS!!!! and HAVE FUN!!!!  
<Date>May 24, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>alnemir
<Content>If you're in watersports try somethere else... We spent a week at Breezes starting 05/03/04. The resort is pretty fine, besides lights were out several times. Unlike other Breezes the all-inclusive watersports are hard to get. They even have special limited all-inclusive business hours. I like the sailing SPORT and was unable to get it. Wind is rough, no wind today, you have to sign in 24 hours in advance even if the list is empty; all that when you watch a lot of sailing out of adjacement resorts. Finally, after signing about 9 times some release form I was able to get just a ride on the catamaran, no sailing itself. In contrary, they do not offer a local companion if you're renting a kayak - that would be nice. I've tried to complaint to the guest services and learned that watersports are managed by a contractor who is interested just in cash...  
<Date>May 18, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good out-weighed the Bad, But would Not Return Ok - The Resort itself was very well kept, huge and the rooms were fine.The Pool, the beach and the bars were awesome. The pool was huge and had many areas for activities like vollyball or water polo, the swim up bar was fine - but didn't seem to be the happening place, but still served its purpose just fine. The beach was a ton of fun - big waves, clean and soft powder like sand. The bars were all great - pretty much any kind of booze you want and the local beer was actually very good.The trapeze thing was really cool - where else are you going to get to try that???? It was actually a lot harder than it looked. Also - do yourself a favor and stop at your room and change from beach sandals to your sneakers (running shoes.) Two reasons, 1. The thin metal ladder hurts your bare feet going up, and 2. We saw one guy that landed on the net on his feet and his little toe got caught in the netting and snapped..... ouch ! Not a vacation ending injury - but not a pleasant way to spend the rest of your time either.The food..... Ok - the French Restaurant was alright and the Japanese Restaraunt was a little better. Overall, both places were decent.... We did not try the Italian. The Buffet was horrible. There was a ton of selection - but it was all slop. I ate pasta every night..... they couldn't screw that up. Lunches were terrible.....Overall I give the food poor to bad in quality and selection all around. We could have returned to the Japanese or French Restaurants if we wanted to, but you have to wear long pants. When I'm on vaca - especially in hot weather, I wanna lounge in shorts and sandals.... Khaki Shorts with a nice color shirt ??? Why is that not acceptable? None the less - we avoided those places for those reasons.The bar - wait service was fine. Friendly staff who would try and accomidate in you in every way....The Guest Service would have been better if they just didn't exist. That way you just wouldn't get service, instead of thinking it was there and expecting service and not getting any..... Cutsomer Service flat out sucked. Our transfer company screwed up our departure pick up and the hotel would have nothing to do with it..... firts they coulnd't speak english - then I got loud - then they spoke english just fine (thew dumb lady couldn't remember that she spoke to me 2 days prior fluently in english) - then their phones couldn't call outside lines.... ? ? We had to cab it back and pay for it. Luckily (unfortuantely - for them) there were other people having the same problems, so we all piled into a cab-van and split the cost........So......Resort overal - was big, clean, and nice.The beach was great.The pool was great.The bars and drinks were great.The food sucked.The hotel service sucked.We had fun but we wouldn't go back.  
<Date>May 18, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best of the best The best!!Everything was great... you had a VAST choice offood, only the prissy uptight people found anything distastefull... you could get food served till 4 am and then the b-fast starts at 6am so... bon apetit hihi the people are really nice and friendly, the beach is amazing, the room o.k, not great, but who cares??? I had a nice little balcony overlooking the beach... litteraly on the beach!!!Recomend it %200!!!  
<Date>May 18, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hbressler
<Content>Just got back Just got back from 7 nights at Breezes in Punta Cana, Domincan Republic an had a great time. It is a huge, well run resort. I had read some of the comments on this site about waiting in line for dinner reservations or having to wake up early to secure a lounge chair under an umbrella....we did not experience any of this during the time we went. There are bars throughout the hotel that are stocked with every type of alcohol you can imagine. Our room was okay....many rooms face the ocean so I would request it. The food is good and lots to choose from. Definitely do the ATV adventure if you like that kind of stuff...it was very fun. Also there is a fairly large local market on the beach about a 10 minute walk south. Go to the beach and walk left and around the corner you will see a market....wish we had shopped there instead of the hotel stores. We booked our trip on skyauction.  
<Date>May 16, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Uno Dos Tres! Well just returned on 14th May from 17 Nights of fun at this hotel, Personally we loved it, Food was great, Entertainment great (Despite being two of the few Brits to join in - are we REALLY that boring a nation?) The Hotel itself is large however never feels overly crowded, The food was excellent in our opinion - The Munahana and Els Sobrero were exceptional howver the Italian - Was Awful - Avoid. We ate in the Alcazar (Main Buffet) most nights and everything was available from T-Bone Steak (Freshly cooked) to Whole Stone Bass (Something we Brits pay a bleedin fortune for,) The beach is just perfect, lovely Breeze all the time (The pool whilst fabulous - with the added benefit of a swim up bar offers a distinct lack of Breeze!) Overall = Highly recommendedP.S If you are a Brit travelling here the reps will tell you that only locally produced alcohol is available which is not true, we were hammered on Finlandia and Stolychnya vodka most nights although the Baileys was in very 'short' supply (Unless you tip the barman then it miraculously appears!) This was our 6th trip to the Dom Rep and by far the most entertaining of all, other resorts DO offer far more intimacy/privacy however this one has so much to offer and possibly the best beach in the Dom Rep!P.P.S If anyone has a video of the Entertainment team's 'Club Dance' and could email it that would be HUGELY appreciated!!! By the way the song they dance to is called (unsurprisingly) Uno Dos Tres and is by El Simbolo - which i managed to find in a local 'World music' department on CD Single! Alas due to too much pool bar activity we seem to have forgotten the dance!P.P.P.S Brits - take a Cooler Mug - The American / Canadian / German contingent will have you well annoyed by the end of your holiday if you don't! - We managed to Beg a couple from a lovely Canadian couple that were next door!P.P.P.P.S Sorry for going on but if you are booking this particular hotel (and not lucky enough to get it allocated on arrival,) which a lot of Brits were ask your Travel Agent (Preferably me!) to request a 54xx room - By far the best non-supplemental rooms in the hotel! - Mail me and i'll give you my contact details - i'm not one for total self-promotion!  
<Date>May 14, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect My husband and I went to Breezes from 19th November - 03rd December 2003 and absolutely loved it. We got married there and it was great. A million times better than any church in England. We are both 21 and had no problems in finding things to do. The hotel was gorgeous, the pool was gorgeous and huge, and the beach was gorgeous. There was some big waves in the day which people in previous reveiws moaned about but personaly I thought they were well fun. Make sure you get a board and ride um! Reading all the reviews and speaking to people when we were there, I cant believe how the most stupid of things bother them. It seems to me that you get some people go to Breezes who have nothing better to do than complain. The place is too big, the food is rubbish.... GET A LIFE! There was so many places to eat that everyone would be satisfied. And yes, there is birds and flies in the outside restaurant but what do you expect? It's an outside restaurant!!!!! Don't let the reviews put you off, this is a great place to go, fantastic people, great food, and lots of fun. Entertainment was good, the disco (club) was good, and it suits all ages. We met some brilliant people, Kenny  Kelly, Ash  Lorraine,  Brian, Jen, Gus and Amanda. Hello if your reading this and thanks for coming to our wedding.Go there, chill out and have fun.  
<Date>May 13, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The good, the bad, and the beach Okay, okay, I read the reviews too. They do run the gamut so what do you do? Who do you believe? The good - beach is BEAUTIFUL, the staff are very very friendly, the horse ride was the best(!)....the bad - the food. Ugh. I'm not at all picky, but it really did stink. By the end of the week, we were masters at picking out edible things. The room was not so nice but who stays in the room? The pool was pretty BUT I think it served most as a bathroom. There is only 1 out there near the pool and hidden at that. Stick to the beach, don't recommend SCUBA, the shows are not too bad - they work their butts off, DO the horse ride if you do. I would not go back.  
<Date>May 10, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ksvoice
<Content>Great Place to get Married! We got married in Breezes Punta Cana on May 3rd 2004 and absolutly loved it!. The wedding coordinators Melanie and Barbara were extremely helpful. The ceremony turned out beautifully. We strongly recommend the photographer Miguel Pumarejo, as he took beautiful pictures and gave us an unbelievable deal on his painted portraits and a complete CD of his pictures for a minimum charge!! The hotel itself is gorgeous and the staff is friendly and helpful. You definately won't go hungry with the wide variety of restaurants and buffet. The only complaint that we have was that the time went by way too fast and we had to come home. :)  
<Date>May 7, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Vacation Just returned from a week at the Super Club Breezes. We had a group of 27 varying in age from 27 to 60. Our group was there for a wedding.The hotel is showing signs of wear and tear but I hardly noticed. I can't really complain about one single thing? I did see a cockroach in the main lobby one night but how could you stop that. Everything is open to the outdoors so birds and insects will be coming in from time to time.The food was fairly good from what I hear. I didn't have much of an appetite all week because of the heat but my friends liked everything especially the Japanese. The wedding was beautiful and went off without a hitch.I brought a 52oz insulated mug with me which they never had any problem filling. It was a conversation piece to say the least. Combine my mug with my straw cowboy hat and I kept the crowd going. I met so many wonderful people from the US, Italy, England, Germany and other parts of Canada.If you are even a little fussy or particular about your surroundings then I would not recommend this resort for you.Cheers  
<Date>May 4, 2004
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Haligonian2
<Content>Go to Breezes before the price doubles!!! Just returned yesterday and, though I didn't intend to take the time to write a review, I felt this resort is badly underated and I have some tips to share. The resort is gorgeous! It is huge and is confusing at first. There are 25 bars, and they all serve international brands. The coffee bar is wonderful, and there's a liqueor stand set up by the lit fountain at night. Very romantic and beautiful. The restaurants are all good, but servings small and men were not allowed in with shorts on so bring a pair of khakis, guys! My favorite was the buffet! At both lunch and supper there was a massive dessert table with sweets I've never been able to find previously in the Carribean. Lots of rich chocolate, cakes and the ice cream is wonderful. There's also a bread table, fruit table, pasta bar, grill (if you see kabobs you have to try them!), caesar salad table, salad bar and entree table. Anyone who couldn't be happy with the buffet food had to be either blind or insane. You cannot tip the servers money, but you can give them gifts. If you're Canadian, bring lots of chocolate -- they love it! If you're American, I'm sorry, but they know the difference. American chocolate isn't worth swallowing. I brought Smarties and lots of chocolate eggs and bunnies from Easter. The bartenders and waitresses would always smile if you handed them something like this. I also discovered that we could knock $2 to $5 off merchandise at the beach market if you threw chocolate into the deal. A coloring book and crayons was worth $10 to another vendor. They had also never seen squirt guns before and the vendors got very excited to see agua pistoles (we had to show them how to put the water in!). They also liked perfume, penspencils, and went crazy over little stuffed animals I got at the Dollarama. We could trade these straight for tshirts and things. My biggest piece of advice would be to stuff an extra suitcase with Dollarama merchandise. You'll save a lot of money down there and be able to tip everyone and really bring smiles. My maid left a note with GRACIOUS!!! written on it on the first day when I left some make-up and perfume I never used anyway. Watch out when buying rum and cigarrettes! Just because they're packaged, doesn't mean they're not fakes of some sort! If you're not adept at this, you could bring home lots of banana leaves to smoke and swill to drink -- but all in good fun if you don't know any better. We've had some laughs! The rooms are great and if you leave little gifts for your maid, she'll leave your room sparkling and will leave lots of towels and facecloths as well as pop and water in the refrigerator. Nothing will be stolen. If you leave any food around, ants will show up but will quickly disappear if you discard everything! It's only common sense. Take your Tim Hortons mug. It keeps everything ice cold for hours and any of the vendors or staff will be very excited to recieve it on your last evening there. Please be kind to the staff and keep the Canadian reputation sparkling! You'll notice a lot of hats, pins and even tatoos on the people there to show their gratitude to the country with tourists who respect them. Hope you choose this resort and have a great trip! Most importantly, remember to relax and have fun! Things are different in the DR. If they weren't, why would we bother visiting?  
<Date>May 3, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not a great place I read so many reviews on this Resort, I took plenty of notes and a lot of the reviews were helpful, thanks. My wife and I are in our early 40s and have two teenagers 14  17, each one brought a friend along with them. I just don't know where to start. Hotel- OK BIG place, no bugs, rooms are small, beds are very hard,very hard. We brought gifts for the housekeeper. That didnt work, you dont get better service. I had to call twice to get our room cleaned and that was after 4pm...very slow. I do suggest Bldgs 7, 6  5 you will be away from all the noice at night, It get very loud. For the food, it was the PITS, you can have better food at burger king, and for the buffet,awful food  slow service. But, I do have to say the Japanese restaurant was awesome, we went twice. The Paris restaurant nice but, very small protions. For the pool, nice big, wasnt the cleanest. But the beach was the best. You do have to get up early to get a hut. I did, just place your towels down and go back to bed. The water was warm and beautiful. The beach was the best thing out of our whole vacation. The entertainment....lol what's that pls, the casino, dont bother, the nightly shows not worth it. Also, for the drinks, it dosent matter what age you are or what color band you have. My teenagers got drinks everywhere on the resort. My whole family and 2 friends would NOT go back even if the resort paid for it. Oh yeah, one more thing the VIP people are a pain in the A**. we were stop 4 or 5 times.. for them to sell time sharing. I had to say I hate this place and I wont come back.....   
<Date>May 3, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Completely Amazing!!!! I went to the Dominican with about 30 other people for a wedding. Everything was amazing! I can't speak for the wedding plans and all because I don't know how that was handled, but the resort, surrounding area, and beach is absolutely gorgeous! I never had a problem with bugs in my room, everything was cleaned daily. The food was great, so many choices! Plenty of alcohol and partying! The staff was so nice and so much fun! Christian, Spaghetti, Oscar and Chocolatey made my trip especially awsome! The whole staff mingles with the guests and makes sure everybody is having a great time. Within five minutes of taking a drink out of your water glass in a restaurant or the buffet (i actually counted), the waiter was right there to fill it back up with bottled water! There's a flea market about 15 minutes to the right of the resort along the beach. You should shop there to buy any gifts you want, the stuff is great and the prices are extremely low. Don't take the first price they offer! offer them at least half the price, if not less, and slowly go up until you reach a price you think is reasonable and you can get them to agree with. If you don't want to buy, just say you'll be back tomorrow and they're satisfied. You should definitely try the Bavaro Runners tour. You go up into the mountains and see how Dominican people really live, go horseback riding and a bunch of other stuff, it's a great experience! Overall, everyone had a great time and I would most definitely go back!  
<Date>Apr 27, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>elsabran
<Content>Lovely resort but little to do My boyfriend and I (early 20's) stayed at Superclub Breezes Punta Cana just before the new year and it was so nice to be in the sun instead of rainy London.The beach is beautiful and the sea was quite wavy which equalled lots of fun.The pool is huge but I thought the water was freezing so stuck to the beach.The reason I wouldn't go back again is because I didn't particularly like the evening meals. Everything tasted quite bland or didn't match what it said on the menu. For instance, at the Mexican restaurant, I asked for potato wedges and got a small jacket potato. Things like that became irritating.Also, I bit into a prawn whilst eating my chocolate mousse in the Italian restaurant - you get the picture...Booking a table was no problem though.I didnt enjoy the entertainment in the evenings but that meant I could have quality time with my boyfriend instead!  
<Date>Apr 27, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Will Never go to LTI Again On April 2004 my husband and I went for the first time to Dominican Republic. Of course we were looking forward to this trip for a long time. Our trip started badly with a plane ride to get there. Our travel agent (Il never use them again) booked us with some airline that no one ever heard of before or at least in New York, Lakers Airways. Inside the plane all the sits were broken, it smelled very badly of mildew and food stains were everywhere but at least stewardesses were very accommodating. Food was horrible I didn eat anything until we got to hotel. In the air it felt like the plane was going to crash because it was shaking so much. Finally we reached Punta Cana. After 3  hours we just wanted to get to our room and relax. When we got to our LTI Hotel they lost our hotel reservation, they couldn find our names. They told us to wait until they try to find our reservation. After 30 minutes my husband went to the desk to ask when will our room be ready, they told us to pay again for the room until they find records that we did reserved it. We started to scream already that we refuse to do that and we reserved our room 2 month in advance. Not until we gave ip?at the front desk that they became cooperative. We waited for approximately an hour until we got our room. Meanwhile we went to eat some hot dogs, which were delish at the BBQ stand. When we went to the room the roof was leaking in the bathroom and by the front door. We asked them to fix it; of course they didn do anything about it. We didn care because we didn stay much there anyways. Right away we went to the pool, the weather was wonderful, pool is very clean and beautiful (sparkling water). When we went to sleep we found some tree sticks in our bed, twice. The sheets were dirty. Make sure they clean your bed and give you fresh towels. One day we waited for fresh towels until 4:30 pm and I was asking for them over and over, I had to call front desk to complain and still it took them time to give it to us. They are so slow and lazy there and even with tips cleaning ladies were not cooperative (I don mean everyone, waiters work very hard and they are wonderful people). The food is not so great there except BBQ stand and drinks are nothing special as well. They don know how to make many of them but I loved Banana Mama drink it was delish and with little bit rum mmm?good. The hotel in general verly relaxing?there is nothing to do after 11 pm. How much can a person eat or drink? They had some stupid shows every evening which were horrible. They should have had some nightlife instead of these shows. Also, they think if you come there on vacation you are a millionaire and should spend money left and right, to braid hair they charged at the hotel $40. In New York they charge $45 to braid your hair. HA!!! They need a reality check. I spoke to other people there from Boston and they told me that in other hotels you could have a lot more for your money. Personally we will NEVER stay in this hotel again. If you are using Sunrise Tours, don go on any trips from them. If you are interested to go on trips book it directly from hotel. They have a representative who meat us in the airport and drove us to our hotel, his name is Raphael (---). DON LISTEN TO ANYTHING HE WILL TELL YOU. He told us that his prices are the cheapest and we will have the best time but you have to pay upfront and no credit cards. No problem with us, we don know anything so we booked it with him. Later we find out that hotel has exactly the same prices and do accept credit cards. Mind you the trip for 2 people is $140 (Sorry I don remember the name but so waist of money). The bus that picked us up was totally broke and the tour guide Francesco refused to speak English at all. All the way through the trip he spoke Spanish and he would speak to us for 5 minutes whatever he was saying in Spanish for an hour. Whenever we would ask him questions he would become so irritated and refuse to answer us. Before the trip Raphael told us, e is tough guy.?Why would you let this type of person work with people if you know already how nasty he is? Francesco lived in New York for 20+ years and thinks that America is the worse place to live. I think he was thrown out of the country or something even though he said that he left because he wanted the sun. I asked him why didn he go to California or Florida, he didn answer me. We spoke to Spanish families on the trip and most of them spoke English. He was saying something negative in Spanish about Americans because they were looking at us on the way back. Not that we cared at this point, we just wanted to get to hotel. The trip was horrible, maybe because we booked it through them. While we waited for our bus, we saw hotel buses and they were very modern unlike our bus. In general, we would go to Punta Cana again but definitely not to LTI Hotel and we will never book it through the Sunrise Tour Agency.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lovely location, needs some work We travelled from Hamilton, Ca to the Breezes Hotel the week of April 10 - 17. We have stayed in Punta Cana at the Bavaro and in Puerto Plata at the Occidental Flamenco.  I had read the reviews after our group booked. The location and staff are great. Our room was very nice and clean. However, it is a very noisy resort. The night action does not seem to be separated enough from the rooms.  Also, several members of our group became very ill although we are seasoned travellers. The buffet was great at breakfast, very mediocre at lunch but I was able to find nice dinners every night but european night.  If you take a trip to Captain Cook's BEWARE, they charge you twice what the representative quotes. The food and drink is fine but I would never go to a restaurant that charges $40.00 for lunch.  All in all we will not go back to this hotel.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great family vacation We went as a family of 5 and loved the place. The staff is GREAT esp. the guys that host the games and the night shows. Kids loved the guy named Tyson. Please play the games they take no skill and are fun and these guys work hard trying to get people to play all the time please give them a break and play. The rooms are nice ours was always cleaned early everyday it seemed like she watched for us to go for breakfast and hurried in to clean it. It may of helped we left her a few dollars everyday.Always alot of food day and night. The resturants upstairs are good but if you can not get in do not be afraid to give the buffet or the grill a try. The shows are pretty good also.We did have a problem with a leak in the bathroom but as soon as we told them they had someone in to take care of it within 15 min. We also found that most of the people spoke good english atleast enough to get by.We took the snorkel trip($29 US) that is only 2 hrs we recommend it it is very nice and we found alot of fish to see and some pretty nice reefs. Also went on the fishing trip it is 80.00 us per person but also nice caught 2 nice fish (yellow dolphin) The only problem we saw with the whole resort is that the people that work for the hotel trying to get you to become a VIP member are somewhat pushy they work on commision and try very hard to get you into a meeting no matter how many times you saw no they keep trying and from what we are told when you get into the meeting they try hard to sell you a timeshare for like 25,000.We would not hesitate to go back the place is well worth your money  
<Date>Apr 17, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Totally Amazing!!!! My friend and I just stayed at breezes for our spring break, and we had an amazing time! The place was always clean, there was plenty of food available, and all of the workers are soooo nice and make an effort of trying to help you in any way that they can. I loved our ocean view from our deck, the night events, or just sitting on the beach for the sunrise. However nothing compared to the trapeez guys! they are soooo amazingly nice and can trapeez like no one else, i would love to go back just to visit them, my friend and i are completley in love with them and miss them so much!!! I highly recomend this resort to everyone of all ages.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not worth it My wife and I just returned from our honeymoon at Breezes from April 4th through the 11th. To start, the first night we were there we went to the casino and played Keno to find that it was a gigantic scam. The rooms were nice but not great. Numerous times someone tried to get into our room in the middle of the night however we had it chained from the inside. The food at the restaurants such as Martino's and Paris were very good however it is unorganized as everyone shows up at 5:30 as there are no reservations required so it is mayhem. The food at the buffet is disgusting. I am in no way picky but it was god awful. The resort itself is very nice, clean and most of the staff are very friendly. Overall, we had an ok time but were majorly disappointed with the food. I would recommend the Divi and Tamarijn resorts in Aruba if you are looking for a much better vacation for the same price.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>negatives and positives Just had last 2 weeks in march at the breezes and was a little worried after reading the reviews. heres mine and i hope it helps.The positives are; lovely beach and sea,good food,lovely staff, No bugs ,The negatives are;hotel to big, to crowded,to noisy, paper thin room walls,very little to do at night, nowhere to walk at night, sheets and towels a bit grubby,But if you just like to eat and drink and these are not important then you will love it, personally i like considerate neighbours and peace and quiet. If you do to, give it a miss.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>30th Anniversary Holiday! Tom and I went to the SuperBreezes for our 30th wedding anniversary and we had a fabulous time. We flew via Westjet out of Hamilton Airport, 7:00 a.m., a 15 min. drive from our home. Excellent flight and crew and even the boxed breakfast was fresh and delicious. Everything went smoothly from retrieving our luggage at the Domican and the bus transporation to our hotel. We arrived at 2:30 and our room wasn't ready until 3:30. My first view of the ocean was breath-taking! Turqoise water, blue skies, white fluffy clouds, waves, white powder beach - gorgeous! Tom and I spent most of our time on the beach, playing in the waves! The temperature 82 degrees. You must be up early - before 7:00 - to save a good spot with a beach umbrella. It is too hot to be out all day in the sun especially by the pool. The pool is beautiful, just like the pictures in the brochure. The water temperature was about 84 degrees, clean, and very refreshing. A nice change from the salty waves of the ocean. There was plenty to do at the resort but because of our age (54/58) we chose to go for long romantic walks along the beach. We liked to barter with the people at the flea market on the beach. We met a really nice couple who were staying at the resort beside us and spent part of each day with them. (They are from our home town and we plan on keeping in touch.!) My husband and I ate in the main restaurant each day for all meals. We found the food delicious. The only night we might avoid in the future was the European Night. There were several food stations and you never had to wait long for your food. The soups were delicious, as well as the homemade breads, desserts, different variety of pasta with sauces, steak, turkey breasts, crepes, shrimp, cheeses, salads, fresh fruit, etc. etc. The vegetable and fruit carvings on display were very creative and artistic. My husband and I were not sick once and never had any problems. Cold bottled water was plentiful all over the resort and the drinks were great especially from the bars in the front lobby. I really enjoyed the coffee bars in the evening. The entertainment was fun but not fantastic. Because we are early risers, we never went to the casino or disco late enough in the evening so we don't really know how popular they were. We enjoyed sitting out in the lounge chairs by the pool around 10:30 at night listening to the waves and watching the stars. We had perfect weather (week of March 7th to the 13th). Our hotel room was on the 3rd floor in area 5 facing the back gardens. It was very peaceful and Iwould enjoy spending an hour on our balcony reading my book, watching the sun set behind the trees and then going for dinner around 7:30. Our rooms were cleaned when we returned each day (but I should hope so because we would not return until 6:00 each evening.) We always had towels and there were beautiful hibicus flowers arranged throughout our bathroom each day. I think this is where the tiny ants came in from. The air conditioning in our room was so quiet and even though the walls were thin, it worked out fine, because the couple beside us were our morning wakeup call -- I could hear him say good morning and ask her what time it was and she would answer 6:45!! That was fine by me. Because my husband and I do not smoke, I couldn't understand why people would use the beach as their personal ashtrays - cigarette butts left in the sand. It was disgusting. There were garbage cans with ashtrays placed every 20 feet or so. We have been to Peurto Plata and Santa Domingo and this was by far the best holiday with the most beautiful beach. We would definitely go back again!!  
<Date>Mar 26, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic! My boyfriend and I we just come back from a week at the Breezes in Punta Cana. It was fantastic, we spent seven wonderful days. I desagree with all the bad reviews. The resort is spotless, the beach absolutely cleaned all the time. The food is very good, we manage to go twice to the Japanes restaurant, and it wasn't difficult to book at all, infact we book and after one hour we were eating. We alse went to the Italian and the french restaurant, and to the grill place, without any problems whatsover. Our room was number 5433 with the view on the gardens, so peaceful in the night. It has been a wondeful holiday and I highly recomend it to any one like the sea, the good food and the lovely friendly people who are the domenicans!  
<Date>Mar 23, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great ;-)) SuperClubs Breezes Punta Cana, Dominican RepublicFrom Barbara  RobWe went on amazing vacations at SuperClub Breezes Punta Cana (March 22 29, 2003), which is exclusive with Air Tansat in Montreal. After reading some of the reviews we were pretty confused at where to go, but decided last minute to go to Breezes, keeping in mind of course that we were going to a 3rd world country. With that in mind, we were pleasantly surprised. We arrived at the resort at about midnight. Check-in was extremely fast, but unfortunately we didnt get our ocean-view room which we had reserved. We were located in Room 2222 (dos dos dos dos), which was a quiet garden view room with a good view of an old-aged parrot (which we thought was fake at first). As expected, the room was quite dated, and had little ants crawling around which didnt bother us much (we were in the Dominican after all).Besides the room, everything else was exceptional. Food was amazing and plentiful - offered 24 hours a day. We ate at all the 5 ? la carte restaurants (we reserved them all the first day we were there); le Paris was probably the best in terms of food, but the Japanese restaurant was a lot of fun with the cook cooking in front of you. El Sombrero, El Marlin and the Italian restaurant were also very good, and Thursday night was lobster night at the buffet. Service at all the restaurants and buffet was impeccable 5 stars all the way...better than any service weve ever received in North America. A special mention to the morning omelettes, thin crust pizzas, mangos, meat, and the punch filled with exotic fruits (served at 5:30 pm poolside).Drinks were very good. Our favourite were the pina coladas and banana mamas. Later in the week we discovered that all international drinks were also included (though they keep them out of view)needless to say we could both use a lot more Baileys about now. Service was always good.Now, the beach. Absolutely breath-taking. The water was a clear crystal blue. We couldnt ask for a nicer beach. It extended forever on both sides, though it was recommended not to walk on the left since there was no security. We walked for hours on the beach, literally. We walked to the left to see what was at the other end of the beach past the bay-like area that was out of view it took us about 2 hrs (we stopped to go shopping a bit theres a little flea market near Breezes and a much larger one past the other resorts). The Dominican sellers were always trying to give you something for free to entice you to buy something.we werent in the mood to bargain but did end up buying a little statue for $4 US. And, in case youre curious what was after the curve, it was more beach and sand #61514;. After seeing the other beaches, we were very happy with Breezes; they cleaned the seaweed off the beach every night so we always had clean white sand to walk on. One thing to keep in mind is to wake up early to get a good seat. We woke up (or rather Rob woke up) early to get a nice palm tree umbrella near the oceanwhich made for the most amazing naps.The water in the ocean fluctuated the whole week sometimes it was calm, sometimes really rough (no red flag days while we were there). It didnt matter to us though, we went in it everyday anyways. We tried the kayak, which was cool because even further out to the sea you can still see the bottom of the ocean. Be careful when you reach the shore though the tide was rough and flipped us over in the kayak (not fun). The banana boat was a lot of fun; it looks slow but when youre going over the waves its actually rough and you get a sort of roller coaster feeling. The driver flipped us over twice, once unexpectedly in the ocean and another time near shore. The first ride is free though Im sure you can go more than once (they stamp your bracelet El Romantico - but the sports guy a.k.a pizza boy is pretty relaxed. We tried snorkeling near the shore but could only see small thin almost transparent schools of fish. There were, however, lots of ocean bouquets to offer your girlfriend, right Rob? Tours were available for a price, but we were having a nice time on the resort and didnt feel the need to leave. The pool is really nice and theres always something going on. We tried water aerobics the first day, but then spent the majority of the time on the beach. Trampoline, trapeze, wall climbing, skating was also available. Rob skated on the plastic surface and had trouble keeping the ball contained in the rink. There were also a few pool tables inside which were always busy, but we got lucky and played quite a bit. On Thursday we discovered the other end of the hotel, which offered specialty coffees (which were amazing), and live entertainment. We had our first dance to Your Song by Elton John sang by a Dominican musician #61514;. The animation shows at night were O.K., though the lip-syncing acts just didnt make sense.The last day was pretty hectic. Check out was at 1pm even though our flight was at midnight, so that just didnt make sense. We were never told about the check-out time be Air Transat representatives (who werent very helpful). The hotel put our luggage in a luggage room and we needed to ask for a shower room later on. But besides that, everyone was friendly, staff and vacationers alike. We met a few couples from Montreal, Ohio, Nova Scotia, which was nice. All in all a very good vacation. We would definitely 100% recommend this resort.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Go anywhere BUT Breezes Punta Cana!! Here is a recap of our unpleasant trip to Punta Cana: The transfer to the hotel was botched; the taxi driver wanted us to pay the taxi fare upon arrival at the hotel when we had already paid for the ride in full through our travel agent! This was through Dominicana Tours/Rockwell Tours (Buyer beware!! The company backs their drivers, not the travelers!). After much arguing, a small sum was paid, but it was never reimbursed through the tour company. Then the hotel room shower had no water pressure. We called the front desk several times, but no one came. We even went to the front desk ourselves, yet still no one came. I grabbed a cleaning lady, but she said she needed to find the maintenance guy. It took them over 5 hours to fix the shower! Next, we spent 40 minutes at one of their restaurants waiting for our order to be taken. There is not much choice as far as dining is concerned; the food quality is average, if not poor. Some people had to wait 1-2 hours to be seated in the restaurants. Unbelievable. I felt more stressed there than back at work! Next, there were a lot of children there so the pool was filled with rafts, snorkles, and a lot of splashing feet. It made it difficult for one to enjoy a drink from the pool bar and kick back under the sun. Finally, during our stay an item was stolen from our room. Yet again the hotel took their employees' side instead of that of their guests. It just seems unprofessional. Also, they do have time-share schemes on the property. Beware: They offer you a 7 day trip to Puerto Plata and free t-shirts, etc. if you will just spend 30 minutes maximum with them; these items are to be delivered to your room, but they never come! In addition, there was nothing off the property. You'd think there would be some shopping, a small market, etc. but there isn't. It was just an unpleasant trip, to an extremely remote island, with nothing but grief... and the largest cockroaches I have ever seen.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Would go back again! We just got back two days ago from Breezes Punta Cana. We were there from 3/10 - 3/17.The flight was direct on Ryan International left on time and arrived on time. The flight crew on the way down there was rude and seemed unhappy with their jobs. (On the way back we had a great crew!!!). Did not take long to get our luggage, get our picture taken, go through customs, and get to our bus. We left immediately for the hotel.After we dropped off people at a couple other resorts we arrived. Check in took all of 3 minutes and our room was ready. The luggage arrived 5 minutes later. We immediately changed into our swim suits and ran down to the beach.The food was plentiful and We found it tasty. We were able to satisfy all our hungers. We ate at the main buffet everyday for breakfast and were please with what they put out. We swiched from day to day where we ate our lunch. Sometimes burgers at the Marlin (beach grill/buffet) or Alcazar. Never was disapointed. We ate at the Italian, Mexican, and Japanese. We enjoyed all of these and never had to wait more than 5 or 10 minutes to get in. Partially had to do with eating right when they open. We are early dinner eaters anyway and were able to get in for the first seating every time. Also, we were only a party of two, so it was much easier to get in.The Beach was absolutely beautiful. It looks just like the photos on the website...(no touch ups). We took bread from the buffet and fed the fishes...they eat out of your hand. The water was clear, warm with lots of waves. We had a blast in the water. We did lots of body surfing.The pool was big and clean. We never saw a film in the water or any floaties. There were constantly people walking around cleaning the pool, changing the garbage, and general pick up from the slobs that leave their stuff everywhere.The staff in general was awsome! They were all friendly and attentive. At dinner they were always re-filling your drinks, taking away used plates and cleaning up around you. They all put forth a major effort. They always had a smile on and would break out in song during their work.We never had to wait long at the bar for our drinks and we never had people waiting on tips, nor bringing us the wrong drinks. Yes sometimes, the bar was busy, and you had to wait for your turn, but I think that would be the same anywhere you go.We took a snorkle excursion to the Marinarium. You snorkle some reefs and then go and swim with rays and nurse sharks. Once you get out of the water, they serve sandwiches, rum drinks, sodas, and they make coco locos. Then they take you down the coast a bit to this real pretty lagoon and you swim around, drink and listen to Bob Marley. The trip was a total of 6 hours. Picked us up at noon and dropped us back at 600pm.Our room was usually cleaned by the time that we came back from breakfast. The towels would come later in the day. The room was good enough to sleep and shower in. I have read complaints that the walls are thin and people have seen bugs....First of all, the whole place is basically outside. There is no inside to this whole resort. You are out in nature. There is also no carpet, the whole place is tiled. This leads to alot of echoing. But we never had a problem getting to sleep. I saw a roach once down by the pool at about 700am when I went to claim our chairs with the umbrella. It was dead and swept up real fast. We never got bit by any mosquitoes, nor did we see anything flying around the lights at night.Our only complaint was that our cable went out the day after we got there and it was only brought back to an audible level the day before we left. Did we need TV? No, but it is sometimes nice to listen to the news or sports center before you go to bed.Otherwise we loved this place and would definately go back.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very nice resort Don't really know what not worth 4 stars is talking about!! We were at Breezes this same week (Feb. 29 - Mar. 7/04) and would like to give you our review of this resort. Left Toronto at 6:30 a.m. so it was a very early start to the day. Flight was as expected. Landed in Punta Cana with much turbulence and it was raining. Clearing customs was quick and the bus to the resort was ready and waiting. Nice bus, air conditioned, roomy. Ride to resort took about 45 min.  not much to see except vegetation. Arrived at Breezes to a long line-up of people waiting to check in. This line moved rather quickly and we encountered no problems. Our rooms were ready and the porter delivered our bags to the rooms. The rooms were clean and had everything that is necessary to make your stay comfortable. We saw absolutely no ants or bugs in our room or anywhere else on the resort. Our room was on the 4th floor and away from all the noise. We had requested Ocean View but we were glad to be away from the noise and activity. There was a fridge that was stocked every day with bottled water and soft drinks. There was a safe in the room, an iron  ironing board, a CD player (much to our grandaughters' joy), and a hair dryer in the bathroom. We had to ask for extra towels  face cloths which were provided immediately and were kept stocked every day. The housekeeper was very friendly but there is a slight language barrier. They love when you try to speak a few words in their language. The room was always made up before we returned from the days activities. Food was plentiful but somewhat repetitious (buffet). You could get a fresh made omelet or fried eggs if you wanted. This is no different than any other resort that we have been to. The Japanese restaurant was our favourite and Job, (the cook), was very entertaining while he prepared our meal. We arranged a birthday celebration for our 13 year old grandaughter in the Italian restaurant and they went out of their way to make it a memorable event. Balloons on the chairs, dimmed lights, waiters singing Happy Birthday in Spanish and a cake!!! It was wonderful. The French restaurant was good, portions smaller but the service was very, very slow. Beach restaurant was typical. We had no stomach problems at all. Only complaint is that there was no choice in wine, only Italian red or white and not very good at that. On the whole, people were friendly although we did encounter some that did not appear too happy in their job but if they had to deal with people like not worth a 4 star I can understand why. If we were to return to the Dominican we would not hesitate to stay at Super Club Breezes in Punta Cana. Go with an open mind and enjoy!!!!  
<Date>Mar 12, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>not worth 4 stars A group of thirteen went to Punta Cana to attend our friends wedding which took place on the beach. We arrived to Punta Cana on February 29th and departed on March 7th. This was my second time in the Dominican and I have gone to San Andres isl (which was a three star and had 5 star service/quality). I am not by any means a picky nor anal vacationer, this was disappointing!!!!Flight: The flight was great. Slept most of the way.Arrival: The arrival was very nice. There were musicians playing Latin music in the airport, ladies dressed in the official Dominican outfits, taking pictures with the guests (for a fee!). The airport staff made it very easy to locate our luggage, and find the correct bus (which was waiting for our arrival).Hotel Check-In: We arrived at the resort at about 12:45 pm. Check-in was not until 3 pm. So we sat at one of the bars for 2 hours. Our room was not actually ready until 3:45 pm!!The Room: Was very dungeon-like along with the ants that went along with it (that bite by the way!). The tiles in the bathroom were broken and stained. The toilet leaked from the bottom and onto the floor. The shower was not the cleanest. The bedding was not the cleanest (the flannel blanket had crusty stuff all over it). The coffee machine was broken. the iron did not work (and I asked to have it replaced 3 times before calling the manager to replace the iron and it was still not replaced...don't forget I had a wedding to attend to in which I attended to with a rinkled outfit!!). Some of our friends did not have hot water for their showers the entire trip.The Grounds/pool/bars: The grounds and the pool were huge, but not kept. There was scum floating on the surface of the pool which was removed once but never again after that. The bars (there were plenty of them) were fine except you had to wait awhile to get a drink (so we would order in bulk). When we would attend the bar at the pool side after 12 am. The bartender would come to our table to drop off drinks that we did not order, then would stand at the table expecting a tip (even though we were told that there was no tipping allowed). We had no problem tipping (secretly)but became annoying when it was expected. There is no night life at this resort. the disco was a hole in the wall located in the basement of the resort (be careful, there is only one exit that was being used). the casino was not the greatest but you can't expect a Las Vegas type casino (by the way you have to pay for the drinks here). There was building reconstruction occuring (but I guess it had to be done some time)Food: Food was not the greatest. Would not recommend eating hotdogs and hamburgers they are horrible). The buffet food was on the cold side, the table cloths are all stained and re-used. The utensils were not the cleanest. the staff were not accommodating ie. would not allow us to set up a table for thirteen people to eat our meals together. and it was like pulling teeth to get a table setting. The restaurants were pretty good, but they changed their policies in regards to reservations. They did not accept reservations, it was first come first serve basis which you basically had to wait in line for at least an hour. Although, the night of the wedding we were able to reserve a table (for all 13 of us). 8 out of 13 had bowel problems and not one drank the water from the taps!!!Staff: The entertainment staff, our Air Transat rep, and bartenders were great. The waiters and the waitresses and people at the front desk were horrible and rude!!!! The wedding planner sent the basket of champaigne and fruit to the wrong room, the bride and grrom received the basket the day before we left (even though it was promised 5 days before we left). There were super-breeze VIP reps that must have stopped us at least 8 times. They would stand in the lobby and at the pool side and randomly stop the guests and ask them a million questions. One rep asked my husband and I to take a few minutes to fill out a questionnaire. We agreed (which we thought was a simple questionnaire, by answering yes to one of the questions they wisked us up to a balcony and sat us with this shady looking guy then they asked us if we would like to join Super Club Breezes time share (for only $20,000). I could have done without the harassment!!!The Beach: Was amazing. It was beautiful, and very well kept. There were no sand fleas (my ankles have a lot of thanks). the aqua coloured water was to die for. The wind (can't be helped) was very strong (it was red flag the entire week, but we were still able to go snorkelng and scuba diving).Activities: There were a lot of activities such as the trapeeze, trampoline, rock climbing and a hockey rink. All were fun. Did the 4-wheeling excursion. Was fun, went swimming in a cave (although wasn't too sure it was clean water), toured around part of the island and of course stopped at a shop where they harrass you to buy their trinkets.Deep Sea Fishing:I do not recommend it!!!! And if you go, sign a will and testiment and wear a life-jacket!! 5/13 hung their heads over the side the entire trip ( they knew what they were getting into even if they took anti-nausea medication) but this was not the bad part! The captain/driver was not experienced at all. He would turn the engine off of the boat when catching the fish, we would then get hit by waves while the engine was off and we almost tipped twice. Still it gets worse... There were two levels of the fishing boat my husband and I were on top with 5 of our friends, the remaining friends were down below on the first deck. The wind was very strong which was probably a good thing because we all had to hold on to something the entire trip because it was wavy. Besides the first near tipping, the captain was bringing us back to shore and decided to stop on the break to take out the lines (you don't ever want to stop on the break!!!) and a huge wave (approx. 20 feet) hit the backside of the boat throwing my friends off of their feet, one was thrown into the cabin (water filled the cabin and my friend was sleeping in the cabin), the second wave then hit us turning the boat onto it's side, breaking the side riggers (which is made of metal). The driver/captain started to panic and didn't know what he was doing. My husband grabbed the wheel after we were right-side up to steer us out of the way of another wave. Because we had been holding on the entire trip, we all held a death grip to something. the boat was so much on its side that the person next to me had their feet dangling in the air while holding onto the railing. We were lucky that not one of us was thrown off of the boat. The people that watched this happen from shore said that they thught that we were all dead and were amazed that no one was seriously hurt. All of our equipment (cameras, video cameras etc) were all damaged. We had left them in the cabin (which was torn apart, windows were broken, chairs thrown) we were told that it was safe to leave these items in the cabin!! We thought that the captain saved us from the incident, until finding out otherwise from another captain and the owner of the fishing excursion that it was driver error and that he should have never stopped the boat where he did. Needless to say, we arrived safe onto shore and we got out money back from the excursion only ($500 American).  
<Date>Mar 9, 2004
<Rating>1	3	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Sophia_Lauren
<Content>I highly recommend this wonderful Hotel Wow, I have read some of the reviews and I was surprised and disappointed with many responses...I would never go to such a place described by some of these people. I've been to the Breezes in Punta Cana with my mother and I had a fantastic time!! I have been to Punta Cana 5 times and the best Hotel for me has been the Breezes. I have travelled a lot and I never settle for any hotel under 4 stars and I always go for at least two weeks. I was so pleased with this hotel that I am going back this April with my husband, my step-daughter, and my mom. I found the food to be excellent, the service great, the discotheque fun, the shows entertaining, the pool beautiful, and of course the beach is breathtaking. It's great to get away and relax and not have anything to worry about. Everyone that I met and spoke to on this trip were also very pleased with this hotel. I know the saying is, to each his own, but I don't understand how anyone can be entirely negative about this place...it's unfortunate that some people had negative experiences but I guess 'bad days' can happen even on holidays. I have friends that have also been to this hotel with their families and they were all very satisfied. So to anyone who is visiting Breezes Punta Cana in the near future, don't worry it's an excellent destination. To those of you who have been and were disappointed, I'm very sorry for you..hope you have better luck next time.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2004
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best trip of my life!!! I have been to Breezes Punta Cana 4 times now, and i absolutely love it! I adore the culture, the people and everything that dominican had to offer. My first time I travelled with my sister and we had so much fun that we went back two times after that, then convinced a group of 15 to go (my boyfriend, my parents, and their friends). they all loved it! one of the couples got married and it was the most amazing wedding i have ever been to. it was simple but sweet! Yes i do agree that you don't always get what you request at the snap of your fingers, but you must realize that the dominican culture is so laid back...remember you are on vacation you should be relaxed to! i requested an extra pillow, they told me it would be about 20 minutes.....i never saw it all week, but WHO CARES!!! the maids have about a thousand other rooms to worry about, give them a tip, or candy or samples....anything....and i guarantee you will get what you aks for and more. the rooms weren't beautiful, but who is there to spend their entire vacation in their room....you should be out enjoying the sun. the weather isn't always great, but that has nothing to do with the hotel. i am a VERY fussy eater and i never had any problems. there was always something. the a la carte dinners were sooooo yummy, the nightly entertainment was awesome, the bartenders were great. tipping does help even thought they say not to. 1$ US goes along was and they are very appreciative. the excursions are so much fun. i recommend the jeep safari. take candy to give to the kids, they are adorable. i have been all over dominican and this was by far the best i have seen. maybe it was the kindness of the people, the culture.....whatever it was, it was nothing sort of amazing. SO, all you people that bashed the resort don't know what you are talking about, or you didn't give the resort a chance. Therefore, hopefully you people out there looking to go to this resort will read my review and forget about all the bad ones. have a great trip and just relax, and remember that you are on vacation....take it easy. feel free to email me with any questions about the resort. *****+  
<Date>Mar 6, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Traveling with children? We visited the Breezes, Punta Cana from 2/25-3/3 and we had two rooms and we brought our 3 1/2 year old and our 1 1/2 year old. We thought the resort over all was average, yes there were areas that could use some work. Our main complaint was that the food was so repetitious on the buffets. Every morning the same breakfast, don't even think you'll be getting bacon on this trip. The Marlin by the pool however did have a machine to make grilled cheese and they did have hot dogs and french fries for the kids everyday. The desserts were very bland. The Japanese restaurant was our favorite. The others are ok. We never experienced any problems getting a reservation or waiting in lines to get in to a restaurant. There are some workers there that don't speak very well english but most of the time you can find someone who does. While we were there my son had the stomach flu and we went to the doctor at the resort who did not speak english, this was a problem but we went to the front desk and got someone to translate for us. The other problem is that the rooms by the pool although it's a great location it's extremely loud at night until 11pm, and the walls are thin so you can hear everyone coming and going in the middle of the night. We never had any problems with our rooms, they were small but always clean no bug problems or any bad smells. I do have to say the girls who run the kids club are great with the kids, they will babysit and you can negotiate a rate with them. Also, do not pay full price for the cigars at the store in the resort , we just kept on haggling and got a great deal on a box of Montecristos. If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to send me an email. By the way the Manati Park is not woth the money and you will be stuck there for 5 hours bored out of your mind. Most of the exhibits they advertised in the brochure are no longer there, such as the Little Zoo, Sharks and Snakes. Not worth $25 per person. You also do have problems getting the same drink from different bartenders. If you want to go to party and get a good tan then it's worth the money, otherwise there are other resorts that are nicer. We would not go back because there wasn't enough for our children's ages to do.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MNChica
<Content>Mixed Feelings Who: 2 females, ages 23  24 When: February 21-28th, 2004CHECK-IN: We arrived at the hotel around 6pm. Unfortunately, our room was not available upon arrival. We were told by the representative at the Front Desk that our room would not be ready for about 30 minutes, and recommended that we head to the bar to wait. After the 30 minutes had passed we headed back up to the desk to checkin. (Thankfully it was ready.) We had requested a smoking room, but too, that was not available. (The rep at the front desk could seem to care less about our reservation...) **TIP: At checkin, we request a key for the room lockbox, as we not automatically given one. ROOM: As stated in other previous reviews, yes, the rooms are small, but we didn't go on vacation to spend it in the hotel room. The walls/floors seemed to be quite thin as well. In our opinion the beds seemed to be quite firm, with the pillows seemingly small. Also we saw, no directions on using the phone, no alarm clock either. The fridge was always kept well stocked w/pop (soda), but usually didn't stay very cool. Oh well...When first walking into the bathroom we noticed that there was no washcloths, nor hand towels. We really didn't care to bother w/a call to housekeeping. Instead we opted to leave a handwritten note, along w/a $1 (USD) and some candy for housekeeping to see the following morning. Needless to say, our request was fullfilled, along w/much more than we expected. From that day forward we had PLENTY of towels, washcloths, handtowels, along w/fresh flowers, and even a small rug. Lesson being that a $1/day makes a huge difference. In the beginning we also experienced some slight problems w/the water temp in shower. It seemed to fluctuate between hot/cold during high usage times. Likewise we the toilet didn't seem to flush as well, possibly due to a lack of water pressure. (Also we noticed this in the public restrooms throughout the hotel.)LOBBY BAR(S): Right of the bat, we notice that the no tipping policy makes quite the impact on the promptness of service we received. Although it did vary from nite to nite, bartender to bartender. Of course, casually slipping a $1 (via handshake or high-five) ALWAYS helps. Bottom line: It's best not to take the no tipping policy too literally.SWIM-UP BAR: We actually never went up to the swim-up bar, although it usually seemed fairly busy/steady.BEACH BAR: Fun bartender=Leonardo Seemed to be short staffed at times. (Bar also used to supply drinks for the El Marlin/Beach Grill.) In the evenings, it was a nice place to hang out to get away from the crowd. Most people seemed to hang in the lobby for the live music atmosphere.FOOD: *First and foremost, you cannot expect the food to be like that of home. It's a different country, too the hotel tries to provide selections that are appealing to many different types of guests. It's just a different style of cooking. Did we get sick?=NO. Did we get some mild indigestion here and there?=Yes, only b/c we over-indulged at times (that and cocktails). Bottom Line: Don't expect gourmet, remember standards are much different. Have an open mind and be prepared for anything. (Tums, Pepcid...you get the picture.)BUFFET: We really liked the breakfast. Fresh fruit/juices create- your-own-omlette (no milk used in cooking/preparing the eggs). Lunch/Dinner were nothing too spectacular. What we expected from something buffet-style. Try to get reservations at the specialty restaurants.SPECIALTY RESTAURANTS: Our best meal during the vacation was at the Italian place (Martino's). We experienced great, prompt service, food be excellent as well. Paris/Muscana/TexMex: Not as good as Martino's but, slightly better than the buffet. You can only make the reservations (needed for all specialty) the day of. Make asap, as they do fill quickly!POOL/BEACH: Seemed to be fairly well maintained. My only problem was w/the actual guests. Too often we saw many tourists/guests deliberately littering around the pool/beach. (In bushes, gardens within the pool...) This only leads to dissatisfaction experienced by other guests. Anyway...at least for the pool, make sure you reserve by getting out fairly early to ensure a spot by the pool. Getting a prime spot at the beach was never a problem. Don't rely on the waitresses too much for drinks. Best bet is to get them yourself at one of the bars.SUMMARY:Pro's - Pool, beach, strong cocktails, Internet Cafe ($$), Martino's (Italian), activities, no bugs, no leaks, no sickness, nothing horrible, RELAXING.Con's - SOME food, beds, front desk service, promptness in service at times. Finally, probably our biggest con was other guests/tourists. Many people seemed to have forgetten their manners at home. Please and thank you go a long way!!! Employees at the resorts deserve the same respect as everyone else. Most guests seemed to be older than us, however it was the limited amount of younger people who tended to be the most polite. (Overall we didn't see as much 18-25.)Bottom line: Prove the stereotypes wrong! It might not be everything you've ever dreamed of, but remember you're not at work and you get to sit in the sun EVERYDAY, with a cocktail in hand if you so choose! RELAX...  
<Date>Mar 4, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Relax, Fun  The arrival to the airport was fine. We landed late in the evening and got through customs without a problem. Our return flight was long. We were delayed over 5 hours (luckily at the resort) and our luggage or carry-on bags were check more than once. The stores are expensive in the airport so bring some bottle water for your return flight. The bus trip to the resort is around ? hour with no stops and the drivers have no fair.The resort is big over 700 rooms. The time we arrived at the resort it was nighttime so you could not see how big the resort really is. We had over 100 people with us on our tour so they were ready for us with cold rum drinks in their hands and enough help to get us through fast and painless. Our group was all over the resort, I think in every section. We stayed in section 6 on the third floor. I would request section 5,6 or 7 if possible. We think these are the best areas. It is away from the restaurants, lobby and nightly stage shows and disco. The only thing we had to contend with was the pool noise and the lovely waves of the ocean.The room themselves were very average. The mini bar was refilled everyday with soda and water and we had clean towels everyday. Some of our friends had trouble getting hot water for showers but we had no problems. We did take one person advice and brought a stick-up air freshener and stuck it on the air conditioning unit. We left a little something for the maids everyday but we did not receive anything different than our friends did that didn't leave a gift. It was nice that each room had a boom box and CD player.The beach is very nice. Some areas getting to the beach is stony but very few. The beach umbrella?s get gobbled up before 8:00 most morning so if you want to get an umbrella go down to the beach early. We spent most of our time across from the swim-up bar by the pool. You can walk for miles on the beach and see only a few resorts. There is a resort located right next to Breezes but there is not another resort until you walk pass the flea market. The flea market is about a 15-minute walk. If you like the ocean make sure you try boogie boarding. The waves where fantastic especially in the early afternoon.The pool is where we spend most of our time. If you don?t have kids you might see a lot of smaller kids (4-7 years old-unsupervised). The kids don?t have a designated area for toddlers. The pool is big and cold. But it was very refreshing after laying out in the sun all day. The swim-up bar was located in a shaded space and very small and deep. There is no place to sit-down when you get there so luckily we brought rafts. They had activities starting in the afternoon so there was the same music everyday. Could have used some better music system at the pool bar, not a boom box.The resort has many bars and places to eat. The food was average and the sit-down restaurants were good if you can get reservations. We tried the Mexican, Italian and Japanese. The Japanese was our favorite but the atmosphere at the Mexican was a lot of fun. The buffets were OK for a large resort and our breakfast was our favorite meal because you could get eggs to order. A nice thing about the beach restaurant (Marlin) it was open 24 hours a day. It was nice after a long night at the beach bar and disco to get some solid foods in your stomach before bed. There are bars everywhere in the resort. Most of our time was spent at the beach bar and lobby bar by the disco. The one thing that they could improve on is that all of the bartenders no how to make the right drink when order it. We received didn?t colored drinks for the same type of drink. We brought insulated mugs with us and that was nice to have because we saw a lot of wasted drinks laying all over the resort after a day in the sun.The resort has a small casino and Disco. Both of them were fun. But please watch out for the blackjack dealers they will sometimes try to take your chips even if you won. They speak a lot of spanish to each other and you can't understand them. I know a few words in spanish but I couldn't catch everything because they were speaking to fast.One of the reasons for our trip was to get married in Punta Cana. This our second marriage for both of us so and we wanted something simple and fun. We got married in late morning. The ceremony turned-out great and the location we selected was perfect for what we wanted in our pictures. We selected a grassy area near the large main restaurant looking out at the ocean. In the background you could see beach umbrellas, ocean and blue sky. We had on lookers from all over the country taking pictures and congratulating us after the ceremony. We were lucky the ceremony was only 20 minutes long because we pick the hottest day of the week to get married.Overall rating of the resort is 7 ? out of 10. If you go to the resort to relax and have fun this resort is perfect for you. I think the resort needs more help at the beach bar, better swim-up bar, a different reservation system for the sit-down resturants and no time share salespeople.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TerriPleasantRidge
<Content>Childbirth was more pleasant than this dump! This was the worst vacation of all time! The rooms were horrible: water leaking from the ceilings, toilets not working, broken fixtures, furnitures, mirrors and best of all, NO HOT WATER in the showers. The food was horrendous - dormitory food in college was so much better I can't even tell you! Lunch was recycled dinner from the night before and a few other scarry items, breakfast was the safest thing because you could eat dry cereal (but the milk wasn't cold so we drank juice with it) and dinner was pathetic. My family consists of 4 of the least picky eaters of all time, but this food was awful. I was sick for 7 out of 10 days and my 5 year old was sick for 3 days. I got better because I stopped drinking the water and switched to prebottled pop which they sold in the commissary, so I'm not even sure the bottled water was safe. There was trash in the hallways, light fixtures that were missing and bare wires hanging from ceilings, drywall missing and broken tiles all around the pools. One of our two bathrooms had be kept closed because it smelled like raw sewage and you had to keep the air conditioning to 60 degrees to keep the room from smelling like mildew. The beds were hard as rocks and the pillows were unusable because they smelled like vomit. To top it off, the resort was so loud, with music blaring from 9:00 to 11:00 that you could hear it over the pounding waves on the beach! I realize that it sounds like I'm exaggerating because nothing could be this bad but I've stuck to the basics in this review because of space constraints. I mean it when I say that childbirth was more fun than this trip and I would gladly go through it again (without the epidural!) than go back to Breezes Punta Cana!!!  
<Date>Mar 2, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>LOVED it for 2 weeks.... we stayed at the LTI in Punta Cana 5 years ago and everything was excellent. I hope that things did not deteriorate as stated in some comments.. The rooms were clean and comfortable. the service in restaurants was excellent and buffet tables had plenty of excellent food and facilities were clean...also the beach.was. lovely.The shuttle service to cabarete and soshua... excellent also...would go back some day  
<Date>Feb 25, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't Go Expecting an American Level of Service I visited this resort the week of Feb. 13-20. Although our group had a lot of fun, I left feeling it didn't quite measure up to my perhaps lofty expectations. As most people in this forum have agreed, the hotel buildings, pool and grounds are very nice. And the food, although not excellent ranges from good to very good. My concerns were primarily regarding the service. Firstly, if you plan to tip, and you'll get better service at bars if you do, bring at least $40 in ones because you will find it virtually impossible to get change for American dollars there. I was blown away that the front desk couldn't do this for me. Second, upon check in there was no safe lock, tv remote or pen  paper in our room (the 1st 2 items all other people in our group received). Getting a pen and paper was next to impossible. The front desk wouldn't give me any and guest services took a full day to deliver one to our room. Although our fellow guests fared better, the cleanliness of our bathroom left something to be desired. There was mold in the tile grout and tiles that needed replacing. I didn't mind the occasional run of ants, but my wife did. Like I said, others had better luck, so it may just be which building you are in. We visited several other of the resorts along our beach like the Riu and the Iberostars and they seemed a little more upscale in decor and in garden groundskeeping. I echo one of the others in saying that the Saona excursion is somewhat fun but underwhelming and not worth $79 per person. We weren't clued into the 2 hour bus ride each way and there was no beer on the catamaran (rum drinks only). Finally, with almost 800 rooms and nearly 2,500 people at the resort when they are full, 6 restaurants and 4 bars are one too short each to handle the demand. Wait times for drinks at bars weren't too bad, and tips helped, and perhaps you can't expect much different when everything is free. They have fixed the restaurant reservations system, but, instead of waiting in line to make reservations during the day, you just wait to be seated for what can be an hour plus. Expect to wait and keep getting drinks at the bars while you wait and you'll have fun. The last service related issue we encountered was upon check-out. We had a very late flight and, although one of our rooms wasn't due to be re-occupied until 6pm, they wouldn't let all of our group keep our luggage in it past 3pm. That caused us to sit around near the lobby bar with our luggage for nearly 4 hours until we got picked up to go to the airport. We could have paid $50 to keep the room until 6pm, but this is something I would expect the resort to cover. One of the coctail waitresses then had the gall to complain that we were occupying one of her prime tipping zones and asked us to move! For those who like more upscale hotels, I'd recommend looking into the other resorts I mentioned. If you are looking for a fun place to party and don't have very high service expectations, you'll have a good time here.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>snowtoosun
<Content>I can understand all the mixed reviews. Let me start by first stating that I had spent many a days before our vacation reading the reviews on this board because of this before going down my expectations were not that high. I knew that because we were going down with a great group of people(13 in all) we were going to have fun regardless. My husband and I have been to quite a few all inclusive hotels and some not. I would have to say that breezes punta cana was very average. The pool and the beach were very nice but they seemed a bit understaffed at both the beach bar and the swim up bar. This hotel is huge 753 room wich I might add they were full to capacity when we were there. They were actually over booked by 60 rooms and were offering people a good deal to leave and go to Santa Domingo. We did e-mail the front desk before our arrival to request a ocean view room. They responded to our request with in hours. Letting us know that it is all upon availability. I was not expecting much knowing that the week we were to be there is a very busy travel week (2/14-2/21). Check in was a little slow only because after a long day of travel I so badly just wanted my room safe key ect.. immediatly so I could start my vacation. When I had mentioned to the front desk that I had been in contact with the front desk a few days prior to request a bulding number and maybe somthing with an ocean view he smiled and said , Lady I have got a great room for you he was right we had an ocean front pool view room at the very end of building #7 I was very happy. The room itself was so so but I'm fine with that because I know how little you are in there. However not having hot water some of the time and than to have scorching hot water at times was a problem. My sheets pillows had a wierd odor to them, not the funky musty tropical smell just plain funky. After several bedding changes it still had that smell, who knows??? Nobody else in our group had this problem. Expecting to not to like the food after reading many reviews I quite pleasantly surprised and actully really enjoyed the food. All in all I had a great vacation. Does the resort show some wear and tear? Sure does but they look as if they are really working on this. My biggest complaint was the amount of people, everywhere you went there was a line. Would I go back??? Maybe if I got an awesome deal. I really like to try new places and I have only stayed at the same resort a few times. This resort would rate a 6.5 or 7 out of 10 for me.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Some of you must have vacationed elsewhere!! It was great! Thanks to those who have read my previous reviewa and contacted me. I DON'T MIND A BIT. Bring it on cause I love to tell everyone about the GREAT, WONDERFUL, AWESOME TIME WE HAD THE BREEZES SUPER CLUB PUNTA CANA RESORT. For those people who said they seen roached, flines in the foot and rats I don't know where you stayed but it certainly could not have been at Breezes in Ounta Cana. The only thing we seen the whole time we were there was tiny lizards going up the palm trees and some birds that would come to the tables and pick the left over rolls. This is part of the CULTURE. You know I think some of you are so spoiled by having cable and satelite all the time. WHO THE HECK WANTS TO PAY ALL THAT MONEY AND WORRY IF THE CABLE WORKS? Yes, sometimes the satelite dish was not working, SO BIG DEAL! There is too much to do there to worry about the TV. As for the lady who complained about the storm her husband NAMED SUE IN DECEMBER!! Tell me what control the resort has over the weather conditions? God is the one in control of that and a storm can happen ANYWHERE. Just ask the people who vacation in Ocean City, Maryland or on the Florida coast. OH MAN GET A LIFE!! OK so it was raining when we arrived, it was still very warm and the rain was not a down pour. It only lasted for a short while. THE YOUNG LADY WHO WAS 15 THAT WROTE THE REVIEW ABOUT TAKING THE TOUR OF THE CITY IS RIGHT. EVERYONE SHOULD TAKE THE TOUR TO SEE WHAT LIFE IS LIKE OUTSIDE OF THE RESORTS. You people don't know how blessed you are. The people who work at the resorts get 1 day a month off and they work very long hours at the resort. They were nothing but polite, friendly and helpful. Sorry I am sure this is not what you expected to read but it just made me angry to read the very negative comments. WE ( all ten of us) HAD THE BEST TIME EVER AND CAN'T WAIT TO GO BACK.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Relax and Have Fun Feb 2004 - we just returned from Breezes Punta Cana, It's not all that bad. When you go to this island you can't expect what you are used to back home. Stay Home if you can't go with the flow. Being New yorkers we tend to expect a lot. It's not going to happen, they are a poor country and try their best. The beaches are beautiful, the sand soft as flour. Check in was quick. Our room was basic but very clean. We had maid service everyday. She would leave flower petals on our pillow and in the bathroom. Stay on the top floors, no bugs. We didn't see any bugs at all. The food was o.k. Drinks endless and top shelf.The restaurants are good but are too small for all the guests but if you go by 6pm you can get in early. Buffets are the usual nothing exceptional. Barbeque 24 hrs.Many activites at the pool. We took the Somona island trip. Not worth the money.( Try the jeep safari). The people were nice and tried very hard to be hospitable. Talking to other travellers on the way back home it seems that all the resorts are about the same. It is really what you make of it. If you are really picky go to Aruba.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>not as good as Mexico returned feb. 14,2004..very nice hotel, nice rooms but way too many people for the resturant accomadations. The 4 resturants would not hold enough people so that you would have to eat at the buffet..reservations would be a better idea, that way you would know if you had a seat for supper instead of standing in line for an hour and finding out it is full for the night. beach and pool were great, weather was fine, service was so-so because the facility is understaffed for the number of people. Bar drinks were average at best, beer was fine( can't screw that up), too much waiting. Golf was good. One caourse 20 min. away $100.00, the other one was about 45min.away and about $125.00. We stayed at Puerto Plata(naco resort) two years ago and that hotel was cheaper and less congested..Also too much music noise from the band in the lobby that drifted up to the 4th floor, so dont try go to sleep before 11pm..Guess we would not come back here again...other places in Mexico were better than this place...less rain and humidity also.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Little Disappointed So far this was the worst vacation I had ever been on.I vacationed at Breezes Punta Cana Resort in July 2003. Upon arrival there were all the reservations at the restaurants they spoke so highly of were booked. The buffets were redundent and the housekeeping service was horrible. Luckily, I travel with a wash cloth and towel from home, because even after 2 phone calls it took them a day and a half to finally bring us new linen and wash cloths.Unfortunately, the plumbing seemed to be on the fritz in 4 of the rooms on our floor so you were taking a chance even flushing the toilet, not to mention only 2 dim lights worked in then entire room and it took them 2 days to replace the other bulbs.The grand finale was that I contracted food poisoning and had to go to my doctor upon my return for antibiotics.Highly disappointing!  
<Date>Feb 16, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it The staff at this hotel were the best ever, the girls in the dinning room were always really friendly and working all the time. Our room was always made up when we came in. Every where was clean. We really loved super club breezes.Eileen and Brian Bushby.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great for the whole family Our family (4children, 17, 15, 14  12 kids ages) visited Breezes February 4-11. We had a blast from start to finish. Read all of the complaints on this website before we went and were a bit nervous. Truth is, the place is great. Clean, friendly, high quality food drink entertainment amenities. If people want to look for things to complain about, they can. But, they are the same people that complain all day when they are home in the States. Just go have fun in the sun. It's a great time - No regrets. We've been to 6 different island all-inclusives in the past few years, Breezes ranks among the top. Take advantage of all the programs - fitness, rock climbing, dancing lessons, trapeze. Walk the beach and barter with the shops. Lots of jewelry, shirts, paintings, art - all Cheapy Cheapy. Modesty on the beaches most of the people. No obnoxious drunks roaming around that we encountered. Casino is small, old machines, may want to hit the few black jack tables. Otherwise, not too much happenin at the Casino. We didn't venture off the resort. No need to. Plenty to keep us busy at Breezes. We'd go back anytime.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>SOOOO Much Fun!!! I have no idea what the people are talking about that complain about ANYTHING at this resort! 5 girlfriends and I went to the resort in march 2003, and none of us had ever had a better time!! We made friends with many of the staff and every night was a new adventure. There were many people our age ( we're 18) and there was never a dull moment. The beach is gorgeous, and I've been to lots of beaches.!! The ocean was wonderful with hueg waves to swim and play around in, and the pool was gorgeous (the swim up bar was great!!). Relaxing on the beach all day with a strawberry daquiri and dancing all night in the disco drinking beers was what our entire week was made up of. Our rooms were great, and I feel sorry for the excelllent cleaning staff that had to deal with us. This place was amazing and I'mplanning on going back next winter!!!! I highly, highly recommend it.  
<Date>Feb 10, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The best service we've ever had! We found all the service to be prompt, courteous, friendly and cheerful The food was excellent at all the restaurants, and especially the buffet. We were eating 4 to 5 desserts a night! We could not resist.The beach was clean and well tended, the drinks strong and plentiful and though it was unseasonably rainy and humid while we were there, November 2003, we managed to keep cool sitting by the pool. We would go back in a flash!  
<Date>Feb 5, 2004
<Rating>5	4	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Superclub Breezes Punta Cana I was at the Breezes from January 21 to January 28th. I was there with my girlfriend an another couple ( age; 22-23-24-25). We had such a good time there that we are thinking of going back next year. The place is awesome and the animation staff are very friendly. I specially appreciate : Tyson and Spaghetti. And the best bartender of this hotel is Leonardo Nazaret, he is working at the beach bar.The food is really good and there is alot of choice. The room was clean and not that big but it was ok.There was alot of activities to choose from ; beach volleyball, tennis, soccer, basketball, kayak, escalade, trapeze and many more. There is alot of good waves so you can make some mini-surf board. I highly recommend this resort.Jocelyn ThriaultMontral, Qubec  
<Date>Feb 5, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Illumin
<Content>So beautiful We went to Superclub Breezes Punta Cana from january 4th to the 11th 2004. We were a group of friends of 38 between 22 and 27 years old. Left Ottawa airport for the best voyage of my life. Hotel was great beautiful for the eye to see. U'r room has 4 number, fisrt digit is u'r section (between 1-7), next digit is u'r floor (between 1-4), the last two numbers are u'r room. Now if u want a room with an Ocean view, u'r room number as to be between 01-12, if u'r room number is 13 or more, u'r facing the garden (wich is not that bad). I was lucky, ended up with room 5409 (what a view from my balcony!!! Ocean, pool, everything). Food was excellent, we went to all 4 a la carte restaurent. French one was the best (not because i'm french) but because of the filet mignon. Some of us did not like the food that much (u cant please 38 person). Beach was amazing, water the color i'd always dream of seiing. There's not that much do to then stay in the resort (wich is gigantic) it took me at least 2 days to remember the way to my room from everywhere in the resort. Nevertheless, i strongly recommend this resort if u want to enjoy a full week of sun at the ocean.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>loved it! I read a lot of horror stories before going on this trip! Don't believe everything you read. This place is paradise! Don't forget the sunscreen, you really need it here and try to learn some spanish, it helps! The resort is goregous with lots to do on the grounds, but we did 2 excursions worth the extra money, Kontiki and Manati Park. Kontiki ($54 US per person) is just a big party boat. They load you up on drinks and take you out to a beautiful spot to go snorkeling (they provide gear). They follow that up with a hysterical visit by Celine Dion and Micheal Jackson! Manati Park is a like a zoo. We went to swim with the dolphins ( $70 US per adult, kids a little less) if you just want to go to the park I think it was only like $25 US. Great for the kids, lots of neat shows. All in all I give it a 10, my only complaint is the sunburn, ouch!  
<Date>Feb 2, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Breezes - A Great Resort My husband and I and another couple returned from Punta Cana D.R. - Breezes on January 15, 2004. It was a great holiday - The flight was something to be desired (Air Transat) - BADDDD!!! The view from our room was what they call a garden view you could see the ocean in the distant - still very beautiful. The restaurants were all pretty good - The Japanese (tip the chefs, they love it) Mexican are the best, the French - if you are a big eater you might want to have a snack at the buffet before you go, the Italian was also quite good. The buffets are all good, stay away from pasta salads though, I had cramps after I ate lunch the last day of our stay chicken/mayo/pasta. The staff are all very friendly, especially the swim up bar bartenders, the water could be warmer in the pools; around mid afternoon the pool is shaded on the bar side and is actually quite chilly. Always lots of action around the pool. I guess the reason they call this resort Breezes is because it is quite windy on the beach, although tolerable. The undertoe is quite rough I saw a 7 or 8 year old boy get swept out (his father rescued him) but for small children I would recommend supervision. The markets are quite expensive, jew them down at least by 50%, the markets are the hotel are considerably higher than the ones on the beach. There was lots to do at night, dancing to the live music in the hotel, disco, the ampitheatre, casino or just hanging out at the different bar areas, always tons of booze around. Our rooms were kept relatively clean the first two days, after that I think the maids were looking for tips, they were noticeably cleaner after we starting tipping them. Had a leaky toilet it was fixed promptly, they were doing a considerable amount of renovations to the tile in our section of the hotel. They would start jack hammering around 10:00 a.m. and be done by at least 4:30 so no problem as we weren't in our rooms anyways. Went on a few tours which were excellent, if you are looking to cash in travellers cheques - it was brutal, always a line up and very often no one was there - so keep that in mind. The only other negative thing I would say is the smells you get once in awhile, not the same as Mexico, more of a sewer smell, but that was something we chose to get over.Before we left for our holiday, we were quite nervous because of all of the bad reviews we had read. I guess if you were negative about this resort that's your personality because we were quite happy, if you are happy with the people you are travelling with then you will have a great time.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolutely Amazing!! I visited the Breezes at the end of February last year and I'm going again this year. Anyone who is giving a bad review is being unreasonable and must have gotten it mixed up with another resort.Cleanliness: Very clean. Never saw one piece of garbage the whole time I was there. In fact, we'd come back to our rooms after the maids had been in the find that they'd put fresh flowers in our room. No bugs, by the way.Friendliness: Very friendly. Everyone was helpful, even if they didn't speak English. And honestly, you can't use that as a bad point. Are all our hotel staff perfectly bilingual? No, they're not.Activities: My only complaint is that I couldn't do it all in a week. Dance classes by the pool were great, lots of fun. The beach was clean and warm, but had a strong undertow some days (but that's not the resort's fault). Pool was warm enough to be comfortable, beautiful, great music. Jacuzzis were great for relaxing, but hard to get your own sometimes. Parasailing was great, especially since I'd never done it. Banana boat was too. I'm going to try the Sunset Horse Ride this year, since I'm a better rider now. I'm going rock climbing this year too. Can't wait!Food: Absolutely delicious! Lots to choose from at the buffet, hot and fresh all the time, and so many good desserts (I'm drooling just thinking about it!). The pool grill is great for relaxed lunches or suppers, but the selection isn't there that the buffet has. The Mexican restaurant was below average in terms of food, but the atmosphere was nice. The Japanese and Italian restuarants more than make up for it. We didn't get to try the French.Accomodations: The rooms were average, and although very clean (and bug-free, I might add), the walls were thin. TV channels were clear and in Spanish, naturally, and the CD player in our room was a great thing.I loved every minute of my vacation at Breezes and I'm counting down the minutes until I go back.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Tropical storm Sue My husband and i stayed her from Dec.3/03 - Dec 10/03. We travel 1-2 times a year to sunny destination and always pick a different place. It was our first time to the D.R. We usually travel to anywhere in Mexico so i was nervous about a week in a different country. So nervous that at the last minute that we decided to book a second week but at a different resort in Punta Cana. We had never done this before but apparantly it can be easily done and so we did book the following week at another resort. Not that we had any idea that our first week at the Breezes would be a disaster but thankfully we still had a week left after we left here. anyways, many of our problems were because of what my husband called tropical storm Sue thats my name. Funny as it would seem i was terrified almost the entire week i was there. It was COLDCOLDCOLDwind, rain, i thought our roof would blow off. Shingles were blowing off. Room leaked abit but i saw rooms down the hall from us totally flooded so i guess we were lucky. Otherwise our room was great just had to put extra towel on 2nd bed we were not using to catch the water. The couple next to us had troble with their room door locking (or lack of it) couldn't lock their door for 4 days as it was broken and because of the weather and being a weekend they couldn't get it fixed. so they literally couldn't leave their room as all their personal belongings would be left up for grabs. The weather was just horrible and the pool water was freezing. The pool was to deep and the swim up bar had no seats at it. The entertainment was was all screwwed up because of so much rain. nothing could be outside as it puored and poured for 4 days straight. Commuting from our room to any where on the property was getting dangerous so we stayed either in our room or in the main lobby area where all the guests were. Screaming kids everywhere with nothing to do. We did have a few nights of fun, as the bar is open 24/7 so rather than sleep at 3 am in anticipation of fun and sun the next day, i drank like a fish all night and then swam back to my room for a sleep, then up for supper and back to the bar. I couldn't have taken another day of rain. Too hung over and feeling like a duck. The food in the main buffet was ok, nothing spectacular. The japaneese rest. was the best. the waits were long for any rest. Lots of kids and the weather was unfortunate for them and us. But when i did venture to the pool with my parka on, we could see all kinds of clear sky around us everyday. We would keep thinking it was comming our way but it just never did. it seemed to have hung over (lol) us the entire week. This is why my husband called it tropical storm Sue. I love the sun, the heat, a good tan, nice pool and swim up bar. I didn't find it as humourous as my husband did but i did my best to refocus on other all inclusive options, such as 24/7 bar service. I did prove i could make the best of bad situation. We were very glad that we booked a second week at the last minute because knowing our next week would be spent in the direction i had been seeing clear skies, i was definatly heading that way. When we checked into our 2nd hotel (which was the Grand Flamenco) for our 2nd week stay I realized that as i sat by the pool in the full sunshine for my entire 2nd week, all the dark clouds in the sky remained to the right, which is were the breezes hotel is. So nothing a gainst the hotel but i am convinced that black cloud never moves. lol. Actually it must have something to do with location because our 2nd week in different area was wonderful and like i said, i could still see the clouds in the direction of the breezes hotel the whole 2nd week while at the Grand Flamenco, but we never had any rain or clouds. The beaches were better on the other end also. nice long stretches of beach and clear water. So we personally wouldn't go back to that particular location but we will be returning to the Grand Flamenco. For those reviews go to that hotel and i'll tell you all about it. see you then and have a great vacation were ever you go.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absalutly Amazing!!! I'm 15 and I went to superclubs breezes in March 2003. I had so much fun! The weather was perfect. It rained twice but both times it was a night and it only lasted about 30 minutes. The beach was so beautiful but if you want a lawnchair in the shade you need to get up early and save a spot because I can guarantee there wont be any room left. The resort was always really clean and the staff was very nice and helpful but there are the occasional ones that are after you. There is a little market near by, you only need to walk down the right side of the beach for about 10 minutes and you're there. We took 3 tours, and they were all good but my favorite one was Bavaro Runners. It was amazing, we got to see how the real people of Dominican Republic live and we got to visit a really poor school and talk with the children, it was a great experience that every one should try. The food was great. There were always fun activities going on and plenty of entertainment. At around 4 o'clock there is the dance lessons which are s lot of fun, then most people go and get ready for super so this is the time were there are not many people at the pool or at the activities. There is nightly entertainment and they are great. I was there for 2 weeks and there was only 1 show that repeated it's self. The rooms were nice, but try not to get a room on the second floor that is close to the main restaurant because you hear them with in the really early in the morning placing everything (the walls are very thin). So it is a good idea do bring earplugs just in case. There were NO bugs, there were only wasps but they didn t bother anyone. The pool is big and it's so beautiful! The only thing that I wasn t very pleased with was that in the brochure it said that you were only aloud 1 ride/person/day on selected non-motorized water sports but they only let you take 1 ride/WEEK/person. Everything else was amazing, the food, the activities (trapeze, my favorite), the people (hot guys) and the surroundings. This was my first trip and I was very well surprised!  
<Date>Jan 21, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>D I S A S T E R I took my trip along with 3 other people from November 21st to Novembetr 28th. The hotel was yet to be desired. Everytime you turn around there was a roach. The people were not friendly at all. When you got up in the morning, you found bug bites all over your body. We paid for cable and only received 2 channels. We had to change rooms several times. When we were changing rooms, the housekeeper and myself saw a rat run from one room to the other. He turned around and looked at me and started laughing. Flies were constantly in the dining area. The majority of the people that worked there did not speak English. When we got to customs, the computer system kept breaking down. Were they not prepared?  
<Date>Jan 21, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolutely fabulous! I got back from Breezes, Punta Cana the 6th of January. Anyone who complains about this resort is far to caught up in the conveniences of the modern world. The environment was so relaxed. The staff and service was impecable! There are 5 restaurants...France, Italian, Japanese, Mexican...not to mention a huge buffet and a beach hut. They may have reused the buffet food, but who cares. I went with my family and one friend. My sisters/friend and I were made to feel so special. We made friends with locals and the staff, who were all willing to go the extra mile. For anyone who loves to dance, I recommend take a $12 cab ride into town and going to the disco MANGU. It's in another resort, but it's a mix of tourists and locals. Another great disco was all locals, called Arieto. The services offered at Breezes are unmatched, from a trapeze to water sports and a swimming pool. There's never a dull moment, whether you choose to relax at the beach, hit up the downshore market (everything is cheapy cheapy as they say), or have fun. So for those of you who disagree, I feel you need to loosen up on your next vacation and take time to enjoy what you payed for. After all, if you work hard for your money don't spend your time looking for something to complain about. And for those of you looking into Breezes, Punta Cana...GO FOR IT! (But don't fly Air Transat!)  
<Date>Jan 21, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Better than expected We got back from our vacation Jan. 12. We had a blast. There is something for everyone. Our room was not everything it should have been i.e. we didn't have headboards and it was an older room, but housekeeping kept it very clean for us. If we needed more towels we just asked, same for sodas and water. We did leave a tip on a couple occassions. She deserved it. The food was great. Some things were better than others but the desserts...you could live on those. We had our son who was not quite a year old and still experimenting with food and we had no problems with him eating nor getting ill. Plus the staff just loved him to death. They are very child friendly. The staff here really goes out of the way to make sure you have a great time. If you need help staying entertained you won't have a problem because there is so much to do-they have a regular schedule including a full fitness schedule. If your just there to relax and spend time with loved ones-you'll love it. We just hung out in the pool and on the beach. I have a Pool Operators License and I was looking for things wrong with the pool and I didn't see anything. they could skim is more often but over all the pool was nice. I wasn't fan of the drinks but there were plenty of people there who were. My advice is to read as many reviews as you can  take others advice...like don't just eat fruit. eat normally and you'll be fine. You can drink the water and if you want bottled water just ask at any bar. Lots of sunscreen and you can tip housekeeping or others if you find it appropriate. But go to have fun. If you spend so much time in your room you have to pick it apart then DR is not where you need to be any way.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very good hotel but.... My boyfriend and I stayed at the Breezes for a week, we did enjoy the ocean, the weather, the food and the activities. But our room was just up to the kitcheen so the noise and the smell were terrible, the noise was until late in the evening. So if you go there just make sure your room is not up to the kitcheen. The pool is very nice but should be cleaned more often..some UFO were flooting on the water...burkkk! We did prefer the buffet then the restaurant a la carte, we were not impress by the restaurants. So we recommand the hotel and we will return there in a near futur.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Trip, would go back!!! I must say that I decided to read the reviews people had written before my boyfriend and I went on vacation, and was a little apprehensive heading down there. We went down Dec. 14th-Dec.21st, and we had a wonderful time. I think that the most helpful piece of advice someone can give in these reviews is, YOU MUST GO DOWN THERE WITH AN OPEN MIND, AND ALSO EXPECT THINGS TO BE DIFFERENT! Isn't that why we go on trips is to experience different culture, otherwise why not stay where you are? You must remember that you are in a different country and should respect their culture as well as their way of life. They are going to speak a different language, and they are going to move a little slower than we are accustomed to, but it is a wonderful experience, and one that I would do again in a heartbeat. We went down there and had no major problems that would prevent us from having a good time. All of the staff was helpful, and truly tried to understand what we were saying. You just have to be patient with them, and they will be more than willing to help. All in all, go down knowing that it wont be exactly like where you live, and you should have no problem, enjoy the culture you are in while you are down there! And HAVE FUN!  
<Date>Jan 12, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>For a 4 **** hotel, we loved it! My family and I loved this resort. Before i start describing it in full detail, i must say something to all of the complainers. This is a four star resort, dont expect it to be perfect. Its not that expensive, and what you pay is what you get. If you read all of the awful reviews, then your going to go there feeling so-so about the place, and all you will remember are the complaints people had, and you will be searching for something thats wronge there! Its not a 5 STAR hotel everyone, and it lives up to its standards at being a four star hotel. So if your OK with knowing it wont be perfect, and going into it with an OPEN MIND than you will have the vacation of your dreams, like we did. There were three of us, my husband I and my fourteen year old son. We were booked to leave on the 11am flight but got their a few hours late because we couldnt find our tickets the last minute, we reached the airport a half an hour before takeoff, so we had to reschedule our flight for 2pm. It wasnt that bad, and we really didnt mind what-so ever. We were really impressed at it's beautiful appearance as we drove up. Our check- in was a bit long but it went swiftly i guess, and we settled in our room which was on the 6000ish floor and faced the beach. Our room was attractive and clean and stocked with everything we were promised. Soda, water..not beer, ask the front desk if there is beer or anything else that you desire in the mini-fridge. The bathroom was pretty, there were flowers that were promised to be freshly cut daily. Also, leave the maids little gifts, buy them at home at a local dollar store and get a few panty-hose, nailpolish, hair nets, socks etc for the maids, which most of them are girls. After we got compleatly settled in, and unpackedr we went to the buffet at the Alcazar Room, which was by-the way delicous and very pretty looking. We could have gone to the French restarurant too, but hearing alot of bad reviews we didnt go just yet. There was an abundance of food. We then went to the lounge after we had alot to eat, and watched a band play for a little while, we were very tired on the first day and went back to our hotel room for a bit of rest. We found a few creepy crawlers around the bathroom sink, but there was no problem getting them sprayed by the staff. We went to bed, the matress was so-so a little hard, but who cares? Your not even in your room for half the time your on vacation here. The next day, we woke up to a tropical storm. A little dissapointing, but we went and gambled in the casino. Yepp, a little musty smelling.. so i will advise right now if your the gamble type dont even go down there. There are not many slots, its in a basement so there is a tacky odor. But, it didnt really bother us, we still had fun. And keep this in mind, this hotel is being renovated still, they have alot of things to do. We played a couple games of pool and then were relieved that the storm had passed. When we walked outside, it was pretty humid, but sunny. We took a shot at rock climing, which was very fun..no matter how old you are and how scared you are PLEASE do it. It is so worth wile, and its so funny to see an inexperienced climber being cheered on by the staff. Everyone is friendly with you here, so be happy and do spontanious (sp?) stuff! Then we went on the trapeze, ohmygosh i could have just about died, i closed my eyes and just praced off of the little area at the top. its WILD you go flying! Its so much fun, but shocking though. I enjoyed a wonderful morning at the spa and it was heavenly. Hot massages, ohmy! I highly recommend going there, after that i did go shopping at The Bavaro Plaza which you can reach by calling a taxi from the lobby.I got my hair braided with beads and it was great. Well, i think i might add in a bit about food. We found the food to be acceptable. They certainly made every effort to provide us with options at every meal. We ate at the Alcazar buffet almost every night, since the first time was the best. There was a 24 hour grill, it was also really nice, great for kids, especially if you have little ones. Hamburgers, chicken burgers, steaks, fries and an assortment of other items so we could have a little taste o' home! We found the Marlin Grill was our second favourite because the food was so yummy. The Japanese restaurant to be very good, we never got a chance to eat a tthe French though. We liked all of the restaurants, though if we had to pick a least favourite I would have picked the Italian one i think. But they were all acceptable. We did a few excursions, ill start with the Marinarium which was so much fun! A ride out to a reef in a glass-bottomed boat, an hour of snorkelling, including snorkelling in a netted in area full of nurse sharks and sting rays. Then you ride around in the boat to a little bay .When you get there they mix up an excellent batch of Coco Loco , both alcoholic and non-alcoholic. Following this they let everyone out of the boat for a little swim, and they serve you drinks in the water. This excursion was very fun! We also did the ATV excursion. Wow what a trip, very wild, and you pass julio englaiis's (sp?) house. I recommend this excurstion, it was 100% worth the 75 bucks per person! Also, we did book the parasailing which was $80 US for a tandem ride which lasts about 15 minutes. Don t be worried about being afraid of heights or anything because its not scary at all! Well...ok it is a little bit but as i said before, go WILD on this trip and it will be so much worth while, you can be telling stories about How i went parasailing in the carribean just think of it that way, no regrets. REMEMBER Your vacation is exactly what you make it! We made a conscious decision not to let any little things ruin our vacation! We could see how you could have a bad time if you let like for an example the service bug you, but if they say they will be there in 5 minutes, its noramlly ten. And its a vacation, so you NEED TO RELAX anyway! The beach was amazing, and the pool was fairly clean and large. I have naturally dark skin to begin with but without lots of sunscreen, you will definitely burn. Many activities were happening around the pool area throughout the day such as dance lessons, water aerobics and other games. The weather was great, sunshine and hot everyday, although there was always a nice refreshing cooler breeze by the beach. It rained for a very short period almost every evening, but never lasted more than 15 minutes. The beach was perfect with the aqua, turquoise waters, beautiful white sands and very little, if any, seaweed. Small to relatively larger waves were present as this resort as this resort is one of the more northern locations in Punta Cana on the Atlantic Ocean. Although the resort had palapas (straw-wooden umbrella huts) located right on the beach to provide some shelter from the hot sun when you preferred it, for a resort of this size, they definitely needed more. They have the room to place many more palapas on the beach if they wanted to. You would need to get up before 6:30 am if you wanted to ensure a palapa and place your towels on the chairs. It was strange to see the beach pretty much deserted at 7:00 am yet all the palapas had been taken/reserved with the blue towels. Oh, and one more think, if you want bring your skates, there is a small artificial ice rink here, but..not so good. Anyways, have a nice time!  
<Date>Jan 11, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>BEST HOLIDAY EVER!!! this was the best holiday i have ever been to and i so want to go again.i am from newcastle in england but flew from manchester. it was a long flight (9 and a half hours) but it is definately worth it at the end. the activities are just wonderful as my thirteen year old daughter thought as well as she went on a trapeze, climbing wall and a dry ice rink. with this being all inclusive you can go on a range of activities out at sea which are also wonderful. at first we had a room over looking alot of trees (itwas like a jungle) but then we changed to a pool/ocean view and it was well worth it for just u$20 a night. the room itself was kept immaculate with maid service everyday. every time the maid came in she would turn the air conditioning on and by the time we got in from the lovely hot weather there would be condensation on the outside of the window. oh and by the way, we paid extra to go scuba diving and that is well worth it and nothing like scuba diving anywhere else as the most beautiful fish and coral reef are there. overall THIS IS THE BEST HOLIDAY CHOICE AND VERY GOOD VALUE FOR YOUR MONEY!!  
<Date>Jan 10, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mdreaded
<Content>No Superclub here My Husband and I just got back from Breezes Punta Cana Dec 27th till Jan 3rd. It was the worst vacation we ever had. We got to the Airport and there was no one there to pick us up I was told when I booked that I paid for transfers. I finally got someone to take us to the resort but had to pay again. We waited around three hrs for our room to be ready they kept saying 10 minutes. The room was not what we expected or requested. The club was over booked, every person was complaining The food was the same old recycled stuff everyday and cold most of the time. They did not take reservations at the other restaurants so you had to wait about two to three hrs to get in. There were bugs in the rooms, no hot water. To get a chair at beach or poolside, you had to get up at 6am. The place was filthy. What a way to spend a vacation constantly complaining to no avail.We would never go back and am looking into getting a refund. I work very hard for my money and wasted it on a very very disappointing vacation  
<Date>Jan 8, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>disgusting now breezes. we had 3 rooms on arival. the first was disgusting and door handles were missing. the second key we were given the room was damp and has my girlfriend shut the door it fell off it's hinges. the third room wasn't much better, but it was 8.30pm christmas eve and we just wanted to get settled. the next morning we had breakfast. it was terrible warm milk for the cereals. the food was only warm and hardly any variety and the odd cockroach could be observed wandering around the restaurant along with a mass of flies and sparrows. on the eve of the new year i and my girlfriend were ill with diohrea, after exhausting our supply of immodium we had booked in to the mexican restaurant for dinner. we hardly hate a thing, and when the desert came a cockroach ran across my plate. the next day we were both ill and we approached the rep. i told the rep that we would not stay another night in this hotel so we were moved to the hotel next door. breezes is 4x superior, but the hotelnext door is only 4x but the difference is amazing the food, the room and the hospitality was great. we dfinitley do not recomend breezes punta cana.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the superclubs Breezes Just returned Jan 3, 2004 from Superclubs Breezes in Punta Cana, in the dominican Republic. After reading reviews we were a bit hesitant as to what our trip would be like!! Don't worry, unless you are unusually picky, and then no place will be satisfactory for you. Grounds were beautiful, everything spectacularlly clean, all the time!! Beach was great! No mosquitos or bugs. Sledom a fly and no bugs in the rooms or fleas on the beach, but it was December. Rooms were clean, service was great. Bar service was a bit slow but then this is high season, and a friendly smile  $l goes a long ways. (these guys make $100 a month so $5 goes a long way) All workers were happy and friendly. Food was great esp in the alcazar with much variety, always about 12 tables of variety foods, meats, fish, pasta, breads, fruits, vegtables, salads, snackies, deserts, condiments, rice/potatoes, etc. No one got ill to the stomach, just a good 'clean out' if you know what I mean!! All the complainers about getting sick from the food are really just mixing too many varieties of Free drinks of various sorts with food cooked differently than home, and what do you expect????? Lets not blame it on the food. We even brushed our teeth with the sink water!! Was a bit windy so we could not make use of the free non motorized sports, but did do the Monster Truck Safari. It is definitley worth every cent and very informative to their lifestyle. The Crazy wheels 4x4 ride IS crazy and worth every dollar. Bring clothes you can throw for this one, it is muddy!! Wanted to do the booze cruise on the Kontiki but it was too windy. The trapeze was excellent and so was the theater. something different each day on a 2 week cycle. You need to get involved! Pool activities and games could use some help. Hot tubs were about 80 degrees, and should have been 95 at least. Bartenders were great, esp Angelo at the Lobby 1 bar inside!! They will except tips as long as you hide them and pass them while doing a 'high 5'!! We ate at the Japenese(tremendous!!), the Mexican, Paris, and the Italian. All were great, but something needs to be done about the wait in line for reservations!! Rained a bit each day, but nothing to spoil your vacation(about 5 minutes)! just cooled you off. Pool water was cool in December. Brisk swim to the swim up bar. Getting a chair by the pool meant getting up at 6 am to put down a towel or book, but that is anywhere in high season!! No venders to bother you on the beach!! Flea market was about 20 minute walk on the beach. Great!! Beds were comfy, never a problem sleeping. Rooms were bigger than anticipated. Casino was fun, esp. the roulette tables. Disco was okay, would be better if they had a different type of music each nite for the various ages!! Drinks were great, just mixed differently at each bar!! 24 hour food and premium drinks!! corona at the Mexican bar at nite. Language did not create a big problem. You learn fast!! A few topless at the beach and the pool added a little excitment. Bring your camera, tan lotion, swim suit, large insulated glass, sarongs, and dress clothes for dining. Leave the rest home!! Open your mind to a 3rd world country, food and customs, and sit back and relax! You have already spent your money and you are on a well-deserved vacation!!! make the best of each situation, and join in on the games, and quit looking for negatives. First place we have gotten the best tan and not peeled as soon as we arrived home!! Positives always out weigh the negatives unless you are a habitual complainer!! I would have to say the most irritating thing was the wait for the restuarant reservations, but gee, you get to meet so many people there!! Not all bad. We made many friends with so many people. We were a family of 8 adults from 23-54 in age. would definitely go back and probably try the Iberostar resort, but it is very spendy!! Email with questions.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great resort, fun trip Just got back from a week at breezes, Punta Cana. I had previously read some of the negative reviews on this site and went down with feelings of low expectations and regret. Boy was I surprised. The property is beautiful. the management must be reading these negative postings because many of the comments have been addressed and fixed. ie, there is no longer a reservation line in the morning for the a la carte restaurants, just have someone get in line with a drink and its first come first serve, plenty of cold bottled water in your room or anywhere food is served. entertainment was in good fun with local talent, the bars and open areas provided easy atmosphere for romance or party. the young adults had a great time. if you are critical, the food was tolerable (best at the japnaese restaurant), the service was friendly but overtaxed at times, and a week was just about right to hit the high points and not get bored. As otheres have said go with the attitude to have fun and it will happen... those that were most diappointed seem to expect perfection. 3 star food/4 star service/ 5 star setting( i was generous with the food rating)  
<Date>Jan 6, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Breezes-Great Resort, Careful About Food I was at Breezes from 1219-12/26. I went with 8 other people, (family and friends.) The resort was beautiful. I stayed in building 3, the main building on the second floor. Room was clean, only one or two small insects by the bathroom sink. Room had good air conditioning, but smelled moldy, (especially the Casino in the basement!). The view was great, of the pool and ocean. The one draw back was these native ducks/geese that hang out on the grounds in front of the lobby. The make noise in the middle of the night and very early in the morning. Also you can hear the music from the outdoor ampitheater until around 11pm. Otherwise, this building is centrally located and an ideal spot. Pool was great, ocean, rough but blue, clean and warm. The staff are very friendly and always smiling and very accomodating. Drinks, plentiful and if anything, very strong. Food was plentiful but everyone in my party except me good sick! Some as early as two days into the trip. Sudden upset stomach and diarrhea. Some did not get sick until a week later with vomiting and diarrhea. They ate everything, including the meat, fruit, and salads. I only ate cooked food and do not eat meat so I was spared any problem. The weather was great, 82 degrees and sunny every day. The snorkeling for $29 out of the Mariana Dive Center was worth it. Bring bread to feed the fish. The Bavarro ATV excursion was worth the $80. You spend 2 1/2 plus hours on the ATV, with a brief time on horseback along the beach. All in all had a wonderful time and would recommend this resort highly. Only be careful what you eat and bring Immodium and Pepto with you!  
<Date>Jan 5, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awesome I just got back on the 31st and stayed there from christmas eve until then, but it was incredible..i didn't want to leave because I got to know a lot of people....the personnel was wonderful, they smiled all the time,were friendly, and were like friends to everyone not just workers...the attractions they had were really good, if you are a person who likes to take a chance this is for you:)  
<Date>Jan 2, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>best vacation EVER This was by far the best trip my family and I have been on. We arrived there on the 15th of December and returned home on the 21st. The food was amazing the people were nice. The disco was my favourtie thing. My sister, cousin and I met A LOT of nice looking guys there. A varity, German, English, French it was so fun. The kids got kicked out at 12 and it was just all around fun. The pool tables were put to good use when it rained for an hour one day. The rooms were always kept very clean, and the A.C was also put to good use. There were numerous bars around so you didn't have to walk far for a drink. We loved the trapeeze and the banana boat. We met a lot of nice people from different places of the world. Although the resturants weren't all that great the buffet made up for it. Breezes Punta Cana is filled with nice people, VERY good music, good food and a great time. I can't wait to go back.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>1st week good, 2nd week not so good I was sure we were going to have a great time and had no intentions of writing anything negative. As when I read negative reviews I think Boy are those people picky!!!) But now I guess I'm one of them. Had we stayed for one week I would have said it was a good holiday, but the second week really put a damper on it. As for the positive, the drinks are fantastic and the liquor is generously poured. The staff are very nice and helpful (with very few exceptions, which can be expected anywhere). The beach was nice enough. Long and sandy. (I've been to nicer beaches in the Mayan Riviera, so it may have affected my review.) Room was decent and grounds were nice.By the second week, however, we were both not feeling well. The food became very monotonous and I didn't even bother drinking (which pissed me off the most, as I want to get the most of my all inclusive). I had 2 days of pretty constant stomach cramps (and you can imagine what else). My husband also did not feel well and both of us brought back whatever afflicted us when we returned home. We were off for a few weeks after we returned. (The positive is we didn't gain as much weight as we could of, Yay!!!!!.) From talking to the other guests, apparently many others were sick as well. We were very careful not to drink the water even when we brushed our teeth.We wished there was more to do at night, as by the second week, we were feeling quite claustrophobic. So, I would probably not recommend this hotel, due to the illness and feeling of being closed in after 2 weeks, but it would probably due okay for 1 week (as long as you don't get sick)...  
<Date>Dec 30, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>wonderful hotel I had the opportunity to see many of the hotels in Punta Cana and Breezes was by far one of the most beautiful I've seen. I stayed there with my mother, sister and sister-in-law from Dec 6-13. We had 2 first-floor rooms and none of us had problems with insects in our rooms what-so-ever. The shower in my room had very little pressure and just piddled out but when we brought it to their attention it was fixed right away. The food was plentiful and beautifully displayed. In my opinion, the Japanese restuarant was the best, the Mexican quite good, the Italian so-so, the Marlin I didn't like at all and the French we didn't get to but I talked to a couple we met there and they weren't impressed. The grill by the pool was good though. We usually ended up at the buffet restaurant because of the excursions we took, we wouldn't have time to get to the specialty restaurants (they didn't take reservations since it wasn't peak season yet.)  Speaking of excursions, they were what really made the trip. None of us are the type to just sit at a bar, pool or beach and do nothing but drink all day. If I had to just stay on the resort, I would've been bored out of my mind. I had read many great reviews about the Bavaro Trackers (ATV's) and had every intention of going but we went horseback riding at the Martha Linda ranch and I realized by other peoples descriptions that it was the same place so there wasn't much point. The horseback trip was really good. We went through swampy areas, brush, and on the beach. Halfway through, an old man lops off the top of coconuts for a price so you can drink the juice inside. When we got back to the ranch, they had a great meal waiting for us - actually much better than some that I had back at the hotel. Then a guy brings a bottle of rum with the picture they took of you at the beginning of the trip on the label. For ten bucks you get a bottle of rum and the novelty of you on the label! Not a bad deal really. (We had booked our excursions through our rep with Funjet so we had the VIP treatment, whereas other people who had gone riding along with us in the same group from some other resort did not. I don't know who they booked with, but they did pay about $20 less than us. We payed $49 for the afternoon\evening excursion and we all felt that we got a much better deal.)  The next day, Carlos, a hotel employee we made friends with, borrowed someones car and took us shopping in Higuay, about an hour away. The roads are everything you've no-doubt heard them say about. Who needs 4-wheeling when you can just go for a drive?  My sister and I did the Cueva Fun Fun the next day. The $105 it cost us was SO worth it! The bus picked us up at 6am and we didn't get back until 8pm. You get a very scenic 2 hour bus ride, a light meal when you arrive, then they get you outfiited for the excursion. We were told to bring a bunch of stuff like shoes, camera, money, a hat, etc, etc. but found out that none of that is necessary as they wouldn't be responsible for anything you brought along with you to the cave. We ended up leaving it all on the bus. The only thing you need is a bathing suit and put on some bug repellent and lots of deodorant before you leave.( the hiking through the jungle was pretty strenuous and leaves you smelling pretty ripe by the time you get to the cave opening.) They provide you with rubber boots, a jumpsuit (to wear over your bathing suit), a harness and a hard hat. Then you set off on horseback for about 20 min. Next comes the hike i've already mentioned. Once you reach the cave they hook you up one at a time where you rappel 54 feet down into through the opening. Don't worry that you've never done it before, it doesn't matter. After that thrill, you hike through the cave where they stop and show you things along the way. At one point we were swimming along the trail since the water got to be over our heads. Once you make it out (by walking - not climbing up a rope) there is just a short distance to the horses. You get something to drink- beer, coke or water- then head back to the ranch where another meal awaits. One of the guides has taped the whole thing on a camcorder and offers you the option of buying a vhs,cd-rom or dvd at varying costs. We bought the video and I recommend spending the extra money for it. It was really fun watching it when I got home.  My mother and sister-in-law went to the Manati Park and enjoyed it. They also went on the La Romana excursion and really got a lot out of that one.  I went with my sister to the Marinarium snorkeling excursion and was very dissapointed in it. For $70 you are supposed to snorkel along a reef and in a separate area where there are sharks and stingrays. I was told I could do both, but was only allowed to snorkel with the sharks and stingrays. While that was really cool, it was only about 30 min of time out of the 6 hours we were gone for. The rest of the time was spent waiting for the experienced snorelers to finish (even though there was abolutely no reason we couldn't have done both as well) and partying on the pontoon. It was pretty lame and quite boring. I'm actually trying to get my money back for that one.  But again, as far as the hotel goes, it is very beautiful, the people are friendly and pretty much aim to please. A lot of them don't speak/understand english very well, but there are enough of them that do - especially the ones that deal with the clientelle so it's really no big deal. Just sit back and take 5 dominican minutes, have fun and take advantage of an excursion or two.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Breezes Resort We stayed in Punta Canta from Dec 1 - Dec 8th at the Breezes Resort. I was afraid to go because of all the bad reviews on Breezes. It was fantastic. The Breezes is the best place to stay. We went last year and stayed at the Riu. The Breeze's is 10 times better. The food was great and the bar was open 24 hours a day and the grill was open all night. So if you plan on staying at the Breezes', you won't regret it. Its beautiful and clean.  
<Date>Dec 23, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awesome time.... I was very sceptical about going to the Breezes after reading so many bad reviews, however, I was pleasantly surprised. Yes, there were bugs, I could smell sewage (in some areas), the food was bland and the hotel was not 'brand new' (mildew in bathroom, construction going on etc) but overall - a great time. My husband and I went with another couple and we went to have a good time, not to find fault and let that fault wreck our vacation. The staff were friendly (a bit of a language barrier) and eager for you to have a good stay. The drinks were awesome, the beach was beautiful and the trapeze was great. There were more kids at the resort then I expected but they were partying with the miniclub during that day and sleeping when the night life began (good times). Go to have fun, don't focus on the bad things, remember you're not in Canada (or the US, UK etc), make new friends, take pictures and make the most of your vacation. I feel confident that I got my money's worth out of this vacation - there was no snow, no traffic, my room was cleaned everyday and I had a lot of fun things to do.  
<Date>Dec 23, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Romantic Getaway, 25 After reading the reviews, there was a lot to be expected; the good and the bad....I booked the trip for myself and my new fiance a week before travelling on the recomendation of my travel agent. She had been there before and had nothing but good things to say about the resort and I must agree, except the service could have used a little more enthusiasm.The resort is nice and large enough to do what ever you wanted, there was room to be mixed with the crowed and enough beach to have a 'romatic nap' under the palm trees. The rooms were decent and kept very clean. We stayed on the 5th floor pool view in building 4 which had a great view but no elevator....main building had the elevator but was a little walk to get to our room, otherwise the stairs was always an alternative to a little exercise. The food was fantastic, for anyone who loves meats, all u can eat all day all night.Over all, this was a pleasent stay. My new fiance and I enjoyed ourselves, even though the music at times did get repetative.One last suggestion, when it comes time to buy anything at all, the vendor's usually start at 400 times the original price so if they say $25, give them a $5 and tell them thanks.If you have any questions feel free to email me, this would complete my third trip this year and probably my 15th in total to various parts of the world so dont be affraid to ask...bb  
<Date>Dec 16, 2003
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just ok Aug 2003. We went there on honymoon from Ireland and were a bit disappointed. The resort was nice and clean. However, the entertainment was terrible and there was very little to do in the evening. The resort is very isolated for a full two weeks and most couples we met from Ireland and England were looking forward to going home by the end of the first week. The food is okay. But they do not tell you that you have to eat in the main retaurant 4 nights a week as the other restaurants are restricted even if they are not full. We met a few families from England who had been to D.M. before and said that they had been to far superior resorted for the same money and said that the faciliaties were inadequate especially for children/teenagers. For the money from Ireland or England it is a bit expensive for what you get. From the US/Canada it is good value.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>peanutgirl
<Content>time of our lives Wow it is interesting reading all these review that go from the worst trip ever to excellent I travelled with 8 ladies which 4 had never been to an all inclusive island resort before. Believe me we were not disappointed. We had a fabulous room in section 2 which overlooked the pool and the ocean. The rooms were average but then who cares as you are never in them except to sleep. The pictures in the brocures don't do this resort justice. The grounds are gorgeous very lush with lots of palm trees. Food was good. We had our friends birthday dinner in the Italian restaurant and they treated us great. We had a blast. Drinks were great, food not so great. The Japanese was wonderful and they cooked the food right there in front of you. The nightly shows were fun and as someone else said, we have to remember these are all the same people who are entertaining you around the pool all day so we have to cut them some slack. They have fun and they all want us to have fun too. So keep an open mind and join in, the ownership should be on you to make your own fun. Believe me our group of 8 did. The disco was great. It opened up after the nightly show and closed at 2:00am most of us then went to the beach bar which is open all the time. The beach was clean as were the grounds, no complaints. All in all I would definately recommend this resort. No matter where you go if you have the mind set to have a fabulous time, you will. Just sit back, relax and don't sweat the small stuff.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Remember where you are. Remember you are in a 3 rd world country. From the 35 minute bus ride down a 2 lane, potholed road to the hired help. The airport is one of the worst I have been in but you get through it. We did not leave the property after looking at the country on the bus ride, I brought my 2 sons (9,13). We had no problem at check-in but don't stay on the groung or 1 st floor. We stayed on the 2 nd floor and did not see one bug. They cleaned our rooms every day at 8:30 am and if they miss you they will not come back unless you call. The food was O.K., even the fancy restaurants were good at best. We ended up by the pool grill at night with steaks and grilled chicken. The drinks are OK not to many premiums to choose from and the beer is fine. We just left before storm came through and the surf was ruff. The kids liked it for boogie boarding though. The rock climbing and trapees was great for the kids and adults and there were activities for us to do all day if we wished. Night life was fair and there were poeple around to hang with if you wished. There is a language barriar so pick up some basic spanish before you go. For us Americans, the hotel has a lot of French there and they seemed not to friendly to us. Numerous timed they cut in line at bars and resturants, even did it in front of my kids on food lines and acted like it was no problem. To sum up I would not go back to D.R. now , I enjoy Jamica alot more and maybe after D.R. develops in a in a few years I will give it a shot.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>vacation from "hell" do not go to a resort called breezes!! this was the worst vaction i've ever been on! the hotel was dirty and under renovation. there were roaches in the rooms as well as mosquitos.. the mosquitos ate us up! the roaches were disscusting to say the least. the food was lousy and some of the help was rude. the dinning room was always full of flies and they were all over the food. our rooms had to be changed four times for one reason or another. we were awakened one morning about 3:00am to the sound of a banging door in the next room that they were working on. the following morning we were awakened by the sound of hammering and drilling in the same room! when we called to complain we were hung up on by the front desk several times. the one time we did speak to a desk manager we got yelled at! the beach was filthy and full of rocks and they were working on the pool while people were in it with concrete falling to the bottom of the pool. so the pool was dirty. there was so much filth on the beach a man and his daughter pulled out a tree so they would not be injured. i don't know how they even went passed the filth at the shore to get in there but they did. we normally stayed at the dominicana which is the most beautiful hotel there i believe. we made a big mistake changing hotels. but i believe out travel agent which was apple should have known that all of this was going on at that hotel and deterred people from going there. so think twice about booking your trip there!!!!!!  
<Date>Dec 4, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Fun at Breezes My husband, myself, and our three kids ages 20, 18 and 14 just got back from Breezes on the 30th. We went on a Funjet vacation and everything went very well. Don't pay any attention to the negative reviews. Some people just can't be pleased no matter what. This is a great place for teenagers and kids. The rock climbing wall and trapeze were a lot of fun. Boogie boarding in the ocean was also fun but we couldn't do that until Tuesday because the waves were too high. The food is average to good. The Mexican restaurant, in my opinion, was terrible and not worth it. The Japanese was very good as was the Italian. Never made it to the French. Did the Crazy Wheels trip (ATV's) What a blast!! Kids learned to scuba dive and we went on a diving and snorkeling trip. The Sonoma Island Catamaran trip is supposed to be wonderful. Two familes that we talked to went and said they loved it. Overall this is a very fun place. Relax, have fun, you're on vacation. Nothing is absolutely perfect but if you go with an open mind, you'll be fine. This was our second time to the DR. Stayed at Catalonia Bavaro. Very nice but more for adults.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I wanted to give a good review... I really wanted to give a good review but I have to be very honest about this resort. As one previous person said in his review, the resort has potential. However, I would rather stay at a resort that has reached its potential. First, it was wonderful to leave snow behind and go somewhere tropical. We were fornunate to have great weather. The highlight of our trip was taking an excursion to Catalina Island. My husband was able to scuba dive and our children were finally able to snorkle. If you are a scuba diver, the punta cana area does not have good dives. 27 years ago an oil tanker wrecked in the ocean and oil killed all the life on the ocean floor. You can still see the ship in a distance just off of the beach. My husband and family hated the dive they took off in Punta Cana. They loved the dives in Catalina. The beach. Very rough. I had to save my 4 year old twice. The older kids and my husband enjoyed boogie boarding on the many crashing waves. We hung out by the pool the most. It was nice and the staff had pool volleyball, aerobics, and waterpolo thourghout the day. The rooms are tiny and I'm not exaggerating. Our whole family went on this trip together. 19 of us. Half got sick. We have been home now for 4 days and my husband is still sick. We were very careful about not drinking their water. We even brushed our teeth with bottled water. To me, the food wasn't very good. However, the barbeque food by the pool was yummy and we ate mostly there. Overall, it was an o.k. stay. I did feel disappointed and I have been to many other all inclusive resorts which I can compare this one too. I do not recommend the Breezes, Punta Cana resort.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Stay!! My husband and I just got back from the DR a few days ago and we had a great time. We were down there for a wedding and the Wedding was absolutely beautiful. If you are thinking about doing a Caribbean wedding.....go for it, you'll never regret it!! Bear with me as this is a long review but informative.Flight: We flew with air transat from Vancouver to Punta Cana with a stop in Puerto Plata Airport. The airline is very squishy however my husband and I were fortunate enough to get bulkhead seats which was somewhat better. Honestly it was pretty good, and you can't complain about it becasue that's what you get for a charter airline at a better price. Puerto Plata Airport was not that great we had to wait there for an hour while they cleaned the plane. Punta Cana Airport was quite cute very caribbean-y-ish. Smaller with a huge thatched roof, a good way to start the trip. The shuttle to the resort was a large air-conditioned bus (greyhound type) so that was good also. Upon arrival our friends were already there so they met us with drinks in hand to start off on the right foot.Hotel: Hotel Lobby was beautiful, quite a large property but well laid out for its size.Quite a few bars and retaurants to choose from as well as activities. Upon arrival you are given a room key, you have to ask for 2, a lock and key for the safe, you have to ask for a remote for your tv, a card per person to get your beach towels, (do not lose either the card or your towel as you will be charge upon check-out), you also get a bracelet, blue for over 18 white for under 18, that stays on the entire trip, without it you get nothing.Rooms: To be honest I was a little disappointed with our rooms but only because we had this musty smell in it and I was really hoping for a top floor in the newly renovated section. We were in section 7 on the ground floor. The rooms were kept clean and the housekeeping like getting little gifts from you, so before you go, go to the dollar store and pick up some postcards or little creams etc.. and leave a dollar on the pillow, they'll love you!!! You are rarely in your room except to sleep so it really didn't make a difference where we were anyways. We were close to the buffet restaurants and we had an exit to the pool and pool bar right near our room. So it actually worked out pretty good. Our sliding door wouldn't lock, but we spoke to our rep there and it was fixed that same day. Take note that you are going to a third world country. I read about people complaining about their rooms, but you have to remember that our 4-star quality is far from comparable to the DomRep 4-star quality. Rule of thumb....drop a star. Keep an OPEN MIND. Most of the bad reviews about this hotel are probably from people who are never happy and always find something to complain about.Food:Breakfast and Lunch are served in the Alcazar Buffet Restaurant. Very good, just avoid going near the end of each meal, as they start packing up and you wont get much of a choice. You can get drinks at the buffet and common soft drinks are Pepsi and 7-Up, they do offer filtered water but I always stuck with bottled water which you can get at any bar. For those under 18 you are given a different colored braclet to wear and they adhere to it. There is also a 24-hour snack bar with burgers and hot dogs etc... For Lunch and Dinner there is a beach grill...good for snacky stuff. For Dinner there is the Buffet again which is very good. The Japanese restaurant is excellent if you like Japanese food, they just have a set menu that you look at but do not order from as they bring you one of everything. I believe you have to be over 14 to get in though. This is the only a la carte restaurant we made reservations for, the rest don't really need them. The Italian was wonderful very rich food though. The French was also very good we did wait for 2 hours though to get our whole meal served, so maybe go there on a night that you aren't in a rush. For the Italian and French you receive a menu and you are able to pick 2 things form each section (ie..appy's, salad, entree etc...) Make sure that you order 2 from each section as the portions are very smal especially at the Italian restaurant. My chicken salad was 2 pieces of lettuce, 3 slivers of chicken and a small slice of cantaloupe. We didn't got to the Tex-Mex restaurant as a few people we were with went and got quite sick. We didn't want to take that chance, however we did hear others say it was their favorite, so I'd try it if I went again. When you are at the beach bar in the evening say hi to Leonardo he is an absolute character and a great guy. They appreciate tips, so if you really are happy with someone show it, a few USD to them is a lot of $$.Activities: The best time to go to Punta Cana is after mid-Nov up until then you are at the end of their rainy season so it's still quite windy. With the winds quite high most of the days the water sports were cancelled, we still had a great time. There are an abundance of tours available, make sure to go on the Catamaran Reef Snorkelling Tour and say hi to Lorenzo for us. He was a lot of fun. This snorkel tour is one of the best as he gives you the most time in the water. Take at least 5 bananas with you when you go as the little fish love them, they come and eat right out of your hand. The Bavaro Tracker Tour also is a good one if you like ATV's you get to go along the coast line and thru a ATV jump park and go on jumps and they take you to see Julio Iglesias house (or so they say), and the spot where the Atlantic Ocean meets the Caribbean Ocean. Very good value!!The Spa there is beautiful and the 1 hour relaxation massage is absolute heaven, indulge in it you will be glad you did. They have a good gym and the rockclimbing wall is pretty good, along with the trapeze. The trapeze is pretty fun and if you're any good they'll train you to go in there show!!The theatre is pretty good, however keep in mind that for the shows these actors are the same people that are out around the pool activities and serving you thruout the day, so they do get tired. Despite that they are pretty good. Shows change every night for a good variety.There is a market down the beach, it's about a 15-20min walk away but pretty good. If you want to get your hair braided girls go there first and see what you can bargain with. I had gotten mine done at the spa and it cost 65USD, I'm pretty sure you could get it a whole lot cheaper there. Remember to bargain, bargain, bargain when your there, as they always start out really high because there are some people that pay those prices. No matter what they tell you just keep bargaining. If you don't get it what for what you want walk away and 9 times out 10 they'll call you back. If they don't there are other vendors who offer the same things. The Rum in the gold net is the best and don't pay more than 5USD for the 1L bottles. Also down by the market there is a huge shipwreck you can see from shore, so take your camera because it's pretty cool. If you can't walk that far or don't think you have the time, the vendors do come to the hotel twice a week and set it up near the fountain by the pool.Staff:The staff were great and most of them speak english so there is no barrier, just help them out to understand you and they will help you out to understand them. If you can manage to learn a few key phrases before you go, it really helps but not necessary.Overall this resort was a a great one with exquisite grounds and I would recomend it, but you need to have an open mind. As I said before, their standards are quite different than ours.....But have a great time in Punta Cana.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Trafikker
<Content>Breezes was OK Being my first trip the the caribbean I wasn't quite sure what to expect at BReezes Punta Cana (9-16 Nov.). The rooms were of average quality but with come intermittent plumbing issues during our say (apparently some heavy rainfalls had overloaded the system). The property overall was well laid-out and large enough that you could get away from the bar or the beach depending on your mood. The food was average, The Paris restaurant was excellent, and the buffet was good too but I found the Italian restaurant to be sub-par. The pasta sauce tasted exactly the same at the tomato soup appetizer. The beach was great, with lots of waves and white sand and the pool was clean and the kids tended to stick to one end. I had no problem with the language barriers and the staff were pleasent enough. The disco was a great evening out though after the third night there the music began to repeat itself quite a bit. If you don't like Latin music or Rap/Reggae, you won't like the disco. Overall, the best parts would be the beach and the property in general, while the food could use a little work.Also, they say don't tip the bartender, but if you want prompt service and premium brands then you might want to find a regular bartender and slip him a couple of dollars every few days.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Martin_and_Cathryn
<Content>Don't listen to the whingers! Myself (29) and my wife (28) went from 3rd - 10th November 2003 - this was our second visit to the Dominican but stayed last time at Costa Caribe at Juan Dolio and enjoyed that immensely.Our room was not patricularly well situated (on the east side of the complex) but it was cleaned and the minibar restocked every day, and in any event we only used it for sleeping so the room was absolutely fine.The resort was great and there were no great language barriers to speak of, although the staff did have some fun with my poor attempt at Spanish!We found no problems getting into the themed restaurants, the longest wait being 20 minutes in which time we went downstairs for a beer.The quality of the food in the French, Japanese, Italian and to a slightly lesser extent the Mexican restaurant was excellent and all the staff appeared genuinely happy to serve, particularly the Japanese chef who was a real character.Breakfast and lunch comprised a great choice with custom omelettes being a particular favourite.The pool was great and where we spent most of our time, and was cleaned regularly, although some parents seemed happy to let their clumsy kids try and swim away from the bar juggling two drinks, some of which ended up in the pool.Service time at the pool bar varied from immediate to five minutes, but so what? You're in a cool pool in the sun, not some busy, sweaty bar, and time isn't really that big a factor in the Carribean, is it?Activities by the pool were frequent and the staff encouraged participation without being pushy.The beach was very clean and the only downside was the waves washed up quite a bit of the fine sand, but again this is nature and the hotel can't help that, can they?The gym was fairly well equipped with free weights and machines, and was very well air conditioned, the only thing stopping me training was the fact I'm a trainee Fat Camp student!There was a climbing wall and an assisted trapeze for those interested which seemed to be run by intelligent staff and was therefore safe enough.The pool tables were shoddy but playable, there were a couple of pockets missing and the balls would often smash up the tiled floor, again this seemed to amuse the kids and the staff didn't seem too concerned.My wife tried the Sunset Horse Ride which was $45 and says the ride was great fun but wished she had worn long trousers due to chaffing!All in all we were very impressed with all aspects of the holiday and would not hesitate to recommend the resort to our friends. I think 4.5 would be more fitting than the 4 we gave it.One would have to be very picky and forget the fact that you are in a developing country to have any concerns about this place. Go and enjoy it, and ignore the whingers!  
<Date>Nov 11, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awsome! The best vacation my family had Fantastic hotel, delicious food, pampering attentions, friendly people, breathtaking hotel, excellent environment, wonderful beaches, giant pool, aquatic sports, horse back riding...anything you can imagine. Excelent!  
<Date>Nov 4, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lots to do....lots to eat! I have to admit that I was a bit skeptical after reading all of the negative reviews but for my first trip to the Carribean, I found this place a lot of fun and up to my expectations. I found the people that ran the hotel quite friendly and willing to speak English as much as possible (and quite a feat for only earning $250 a month on a limited education!)The rooms were average. The beds were EXTRA firm (I didn't mind) but my kids and husband didn't like it much). You can't use the sink water for brushing your teeth (to be expected) and nothing dries because it is so humid there. We were there October 22 - November 1 and there was quite a bit of warm rain.Stay away from the Casino! That's my biggest warning. They try and get you lured into the Casino before you have a chance to talk to your rep and persuade you into playing that Carribean Casino. Quite a slick crowd of gamblers. Also, there will people trying to lure you into buying timeshares.........dudes in suits offering you free drinks and t-shirts. Just avoid these things and your trip will be marvelous!The food was great....lots of variety and no one in our crowd go sick. We went to the comical Japanese restaurant. No problem getting in. I would say the restaurant was more Chinese than Japanese but I doubt their chef has experienced much oriental food. It was tasty and fun none-the-less. The chef was very entertaining and willing to please us all!The pool was great. We didn't have any trouble getting drinks when we wanted or food at any hour. The kids had fun playing pool and going to all of the shows. The dancers were fabulous. The disco was entertaining. The trapeze was awesome and the beach relaxing. There were waves that broke on the shore but nothing compared to California waves. The pool and ocean waters were warm even during the rain.We loved that there were so many people from all over the world at Breezes. Predjuces were nil and everyone there was to have a good relaxing time.I used the gym a bit and it was satisfactory. You can walk down the beach to vendors selling arts, jewelry, etc. for additional exercise. There are sports like soccer, volleyball and water polo - so there is never anything lacking to do.The best memories are of the people we met, like Ally, Michael, their kids and the other kids with their cute braids.It was a trip well worth taking coming all the way from California. We've traveled to Mexico and South America too - so with that experience to draw on - We'd go to the Dominican Republic again!  
<Date>Nov 3, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice People / Average Resort This resort has great potential. My wife and I just got home last night after vacationing here with another couple for a week. There is a language barrier, but it doesn't really interfere if you are really trying to communicate. The staff were all quite friendly and ready to serve. The food was average. Of the restaurants, Martino's, the Italian was the best. The resort is very beautiful and should be at the SuperClubs quality level within a year or so. We have been to 3 Breezes Resorts within the last couple of years, and you more or less know what to expect; what you pay for what you get is always fair. The rooms are moderate, the food was average, the ocean was rough, and the beach and pool were beautiful. During our stay the resort was only 1/3 occupied, which helped in not having to wait long for anything. Learn a little conversational spanish and they will fill in the rest. The best thing that this resort has to offer is relaxation  beautiful scenery. If you are a laid back person, and can function at a slower pace, you will enjoy this resort.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Worst Trip of our lives Really where do i start with this review??We arrived at the hotel on Sunday Sept 28th, 2003 and when we got to our oceanview hotel room discovered quite a few bugs on the floor and ants on one of the beds. We put up for this for a couple of days and one night after turning on the washroom light the counter top of the washroom was completely covered in ants.Well we complained to the front desk and they were ignorant and rude, first they suggested they spary the room and we could be back in the same room that night (what a joke). Then they said the hotel mgr would be available at 9:30am to discuss the situation , went to the front desk and NO HOTEL MGR. Told to come back at 2pm and a new room would be ready though.Finally after sitting in the lounge area of the front desk we had had enough and starting telling the front desk staff that it was very thoughtful of them to include bugs and ants as a bonus in our room, well there was another tour arriving and when they saw this the mgr finally arrived and asked if we would sit down with him to discuss our problem.Manager asked what would make the stay more comfortable and my wife said an upgrade to a suite and we ended up getting this but it certainly wasnt anything to write home about.The staff in the bars were for the most part for rude, as they wouldve prefered talking to one another rather than to serve the customers. Oh yeah when they say there is 24 hour snacks available at the bar..HA HA HA...you get about 20peanuts...ummm.Twice during our stay we ordered meals in the A la carte restaurants and twice my wifes order either A) never arrived or B) was not what she ordered, pretty interesting for a so called 4 Star Hotel1/2 the hotel appeared to be under renovation which was never mentioned when we booked this Wedding Anniversary TripOh yeah when checking out I witnessed another Canadian in line who was told her 4 phone calls would cost $4 US, she asked how much in Canadian funds, the staff laughed looked at one another and said Ummm $11 , funny how that is 3 times the amount real professional.All I can say is if you go there and want good service make sure you see Angelo Mata in Lobby Bar 2 as he was the very very best employee this resort has.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Emily_Lemon
<Content>Where was everybody?!!! It is interesting to read reviews from people who stayed at the same time I did. Just back (16 Sept - 30 Sept 03). You sometimes wonder if you are on the same planet! I hope my account helps others plan their trip - it's not a bad place!Arrived. I had booking confirmation in my hand - they didn't have a room organised. I'd just travelled 28 hours to get there so stood my ground until one was found. Left to find it on my own. Impossible task for newcomers as the room numbering directions on the walls are VERY confusing. After 45 minutes of wandering about in autumn clothes with all my hand luggage in the sweltering heat, and after such a long journey to get there, my patience was wearing thin. I returned twice to reception for help only to waved in the direction of the main lobby. Fortunately, I speak enough Spanish to get by.There is extensive building work going on in block 4 (and I mean major - banging and drilling from 8am - 6pm which is very evident from the pool area; complete tiled floors in the rooms replaced, doors off, painting etc) and I was lucky enough to find a workman to ask for help in finding my room. Tip: Hotel is divided into blocks. First number of your room gives you the block number. The second number gives you the floor and the last two numbers are your room number.The room (5218) was filthy. I had to dampen toilet tissue and wipe away the dust and dirt from the desk areas. You can't blame the cleaner really as not all the lightbulbs worked and I don't think this room was expecting an occupier. HUGE spider in the corner and little bugs everywhere. I'd read reports on this site and had gone prepared with a can of RAID insect killer which dealt with the problem satisfactorily. Decided to have a shower. It didn't work. Had to call Reception for help. Again Spanish comes in useful. Took 4 calls to establish that someone would be out to fix it. 2 men arrived. Shower unit had to be chiselled out of the tiled wall - debris all over the bath. Hey! But the replacement part worked!Rooms are damp. Everything in the room will feel damp. Books, clothes, the bed etc. There is a washing line above the bath but there's not a hope that anything will ever dry on it! Hence, you would see a selection of other guests' washing on their balconies everyday! The people next door to me had their entire wardrobe hanging out on the balcony to avoid the damp until we had torrential rain!30 or so TV channels. Mainly sport, CNN, Italian and Spanish channels. The HBO film channel I had was dubbed into Spanish although other guests said they received films in English. Definite smell of sewage around Block 5. There is a big garden area in the middle of this block with a lot of black drain covers so I guess ......Room cleaned spotlessly every day afterwards but I did have to call for towels on 3 seperate days when my room hadn't been cleaned by 5pm.On site there is a very small bank, a jeweller selling the local Larrimar stone but nothing else to excite enough for a purchase, and the supermarket which sells beach toys, bikinis, lotions and potions and snacks. Expect to pay over 4 times what you would at home. Still, it's reassuring to know that if you run out of something, it's available and your holiday won't be ruined.I thought it was excellent to have the mini bar in the room. Stocked daily with water, 7 Up and Pepsi. Water in bottles was available from any of the bars and drinks (and snacks) from the beach bar 24 hours a day which I thought was great considering some All Inclusives only give drinks from 10am - 11pm and that includes water.The food in the restaurants was perfectly acceptable - some days better than others but nobody should starve. I ate and drank anything I fancied and wasn't sick once. However, there were a lot of flies around and they were settled on the cheeses, breads, fruit - well anything they could get to really. I avoided anything that was being visited! Amusing scene at the beach bar one afternoon when one of the black birds perched itself on top of one of the French sticks in the basket and started happily pecking away! The restaurant booking system in the morning which annoyed so many people previously has been done away with on a trial basis. Now you just turn up and hope to be seated.The hotel was only 30% full and VERY coupley. As a single traveller, I found it hard to find anyone to make friends with! Of course, I MET people and had conversations but there weren't any other obvious singles looking for a chat. I must say, though, that the hotel staff are universally the friendliest and happiest I have come across in my travels. Genuinely smiley. The only staff I found contentious were the very ones that should be there to help ie Reception and Guest Services. And I guess the main root of that would be that virtually no-one in the hotel speaks fluent english.The beach was beautiful but a big disappointment for me. The first week, you couldn't even tell the water was blue as it was so turbulent following the hurricane - it was grey and full of weed. Read flag most days. All water based tours and trips cancelled because the sea was too choppy. The second week the turquoise colours were back but the breaking waves were just too dangerous to risk. I was only standing at about knee height in water when a wave from hell appeared and almost drowned me. (I'm 6 foot and I looked up at the wave so I reckon it was about 8 foot at least). Totally unacceptable for children and most adults. Of course, there were the few that ventured in, got flattened and had a laugh about it but when you're on your own with no-one to look out for you, it's not an option. Yellow flag the rest of the holiday. Swimming in the sea plays a big part of my holiday and I was quite depressed by this but it's not the hotel's fault!Got bitten relentlessly by the mosquitoes even though I was using repellant. They're very crafty out there at Breezes! I got bitten on the SOLES of my feet and across both EYELIDS (ie where you don't normally spray). Also had a couple of nasty Sandfly bites on the beach around 4pm.The pool was kept very clean but I found the temperature of the water to be hotter than I would have a bath in so it was not refreshing. Few people showered before entering so a greasy film was evident. I stopped using the pool when there was a definite stink of urine around the pool bar area where a group of 'lads' had positioned themselves for the beer. So I joined the throng of 'Merry Showerers' - we needed to cool down; the sea was too dangerous, the pool disgusting so the only way to stay cool was to keep popping under the beach showers. And a lot of people did. Just how sad is that?!!!There is an internet room on the 3rd floor. $22 for 2 hours which you can use over all the days of your stay. The connection was sometimes on the slow side but there was really good air-conditioning if you need a blast of cold air on a hot night!Very strange that there was no evident air-conditioning around the Lobby Bars. If there wasn't a breeze in the evening the sweat would be pouring down everyone's faces.Ladies, plan your shoes carefully. There are a lot of tiles and marble floors and these can become very slippery in the humidity and are lethal if rain gets onto them. I took 3 pairs of shoes but only felt safe to wear 1 pair the entire holiday. Don't risk new soles!This was my 12th trip to the Dominican so I had been on a lot of the tours. Nothing to do immediately outside the hotel. No immediate town to pop out to a bar in the evening. I walked along the beach to the 'Flea Market' as it is known here. More a group of wooden huts. Beautiful walk with lots of photo opportunities. Met the stray dogs. 4 gorgeous little sandy coloured dogs. Very affectionate but starving. One was in a seriously bad way. It was very weak and the ribs were almost poking right through. As a dog owner, this upset me a great deal. If you go along, for goodness sake, sneak a bit of burger out with you!The sellers are quite an aggressive bunch but will come over all sweetness and light if you make like you are interested in buying something. There is an invisible line you cross from one stall to the other. If one is annoying you, move a few feet and you'll be shot of him and it'll be the turn of the next to harrass you! I love merengue and bought 3 CDs - they wanted 88!!! Don't take any nonsense! Haggle, haggle, haggle and walk away if necessary.Keep your sense of humour and the Animacion entertainment is a hoot. The guitarist at the beach bar was pure holiday and the disco (also in need of better air conditioning) is a mixed bag of Merengue and techno tripe but was popular, nonetheless!I would recommend this hotel if you are a lovey, dovey couple happy in your own company and happy to pair with other lovey dovey couples. I would recommend this hotel to a group of friends who would be happy to sit around and make their own entertainment. It's a bit hit or miss for singles as there may not be anyone for you to bond with (unless you're female and partial to going out with hotel staff in which case you'll be spoilt for choice in the evenings!) and singles stick out like a sore thumb when the hotel is this empty. I wouldn't go with my girlfriend either for the same reason as we'd be sat drinking at the bar every night - and we could do that in London!  
<Date>Oct 5, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Marvelous vacation This was just excellent!!!! The service, food, entertainment, beach etc........... the word is just MARVELOUS. It is so good when you stay at a hotel and you feel so relaxed. I recommend this hotel and remember BREEZES PUNTA CANA IS THE BEST  
<Date>Oct 2, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>John And Nessie on Our Honeymoon We arrived Tuesday afternoon on our honeymoon to be greeted by very friendly staff, we had lovely fresh fruit brought to the room on arrival,we asked to change the room for one where we could see and hear the sea,no problem,very helpfull.The beach is supurb (Like the bounty advert) lovely warm sea,very safe to wonder around,plenty of sun loungers,and parasoles for shade,the food is very good plenty of choice, breezes is a very clean and kept clean hotel the staff are very pleasent and very helpful,We would recommend taking a box of PG tips and a couple of bars of Cadburys and any other required pleasures, that can't be bought out there,you will be ripped off buying things in the hotel. The country side is very plush and green breath taking scenery and well worth taking an excursion out and experiencing the local culture. To sum up we had the most wonderful time and highly recommend a visit.Love Ness+John x.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I enjoyed my honeymoon @ Breezes Punta Cana We were in Breezes from 08-02-03 to 08-07-03 and we had a great time. This was our honeymoon  we enjoyed everything from the resort. After reading all the comments in the web site I was scared to go but once I got there everything was great. We traveled a long way to get there but it was worth it. The minute that we arrived to the resort until we left we were treated excellent. The beach was beautiful even though there was rough surf due to Hurricane Ivan in the carribean this was only ONE afternoon. There were plenty beach huts  plenty of lounge chairs near the pool!! There was no such thing as camping out all night to get either. Please give this resort a chance it's beautiful. We didn't experience any problems with the rooms. The rooms were cleaned every day, water  sodas were left in the small refrigerator in the room. There were NO BUGS in the rooms.(We were in level 6) We enjoyed the shows  the audience participation from the staff  us tourists. It was fun. The only thing that they need to add more is pool tables!! The staff was wonderful  they were very professionals. I would love to return to Breezes Punta Cana  even experince Breezes Puerto Plata.Plus the weather was great!! There was more humidity in Miami, FLorida than in D.R.!! Enjoy  
<Date>Sep 17, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not the best We vacationed at Breezes from 9/5 - 9/12. We booked through Apple Tours. We were picked up on time and checked in early. The room had two double beds. Not large enough for a family of 4. We had to upgrade to a King suite at an extra $50. a night. The 1st floor balcony door was broken, there were bugs in the room. The air conditioner from the upstairs room was loud. It took two days to get the door and air fixed. When I complained I was offered other rooms that weren't any better. The room was dimly lit and the bathroom needed an overhaul. The music was very loud and the food at best was OK. The breakfast buffet was the best meal of the day. The beach was beautiful and the pool was OK. I don't recommend this restort if you have small children as the entertainment is very loud at night. Stay away from the shops.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Breezes at Punta Cana...Good, but could be much better. Spent September 8/12 at Breezez. Both the hotel and the grounds are really beautiful. The beach is just outside your door and is gorgeous and fine except that the water becomes deep close to shore. Excellent food and plenty of it. Generous drinks at any number of bars around the property...all included at no extra charge. Very hot and humid weather this time of year and several complaints about weak air conditioning in many of the rooms, especially those on the top floor. Our two room suite was on the second level and was very comfortable. There are several tours available, but there is really nothing to see nearby outside the gated grounds of the hotel complex. The tours were generally day long rides into the interior and cost from $75.00PP and up. Not too many Americans, but many Europeans brought in by Charter from Spain,Italy, Germany. The place has a very continental flair. The beach is topless, but not nude. It is a neat place with a great future, but for this experienced traveler, once is enough!   
<Date>Sep 15, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>had a great time A group of us went to this resort for a week on September 1, 2003. We found the rooms excellent, the people very friendly and the food good. We had rooms in buildings 6 and 7 and everyone loved the views. We had a problem with our toilet not flushing completely everytime but that was all. The rooms were clean and small items we left for the maids taken every day. We had fresh fruits when we arrived in the room that were greatly appreciated. We were involved in 2 weddings while there and the new wedding coordinator, Barbara is excellent. We had read previous reviews and were concerned, but we sure didn't need to be. She took care of everything!! My husband was very impressed with the Cocotan Golf Course and the treatment he received there. Our least favorite restuarant was the Japanese while the open air buffet, Alcazar was our favorite. Second was the French. Luis, at the bar beside the pool tables was the best and although we didn't frequent it that much always had a smile and worked hard to accomodate our group when he saw us. It was very humid there and if we ever go back, it will definitely be in a cooler month. The casino is very small and we lost at Black Jack..one word of advice, DONT play Keno!! This was my first trip to an all inclusive and I rate it very highly! Accept that this is a developing country and enjoy their hospitality. If you attempt to speak spanish they will help you with a smile.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>No complaints from us. I have read so many positive and negative reviews about this place I didn't know what to expect when I arrived. My wife and I, along with three other couples, all between the ages of 52 and 56, vacationed at Breezes Resort in Punta Cana from August 19th through the 26th. Here are my comments : - The hotel was great, the rooms were clean and the view (request the ocean view if you go) was spectacular. - The beach was outstanding, a few topless, but those were the exceptions, not the norm. The water was warm and the waves were fun. - The pool was great. If you are not shy, I suggest you participate in some of the contests. My wife and one of my buddies each won a bottle of rum. -The food was good and plenty of it. Any time day and night 24/7 there was food. The Japanese restaurant was good and also entertaining. However, we all agreed that the Italian restaurant was the best. We ate there two nights. We also gave two thumbs up at the buffet, especially for breakfast. A small tip goes a long way at dinner. - The drinks were good, however if you wanted top shelf, you had to ask. For you beer drinkers, Presidente (the only beer they serve) was pretty good. And that statement is coming from a Coor's Light and Corona fan. - If you like to dance, the disco was smokin' and smoky. The casino was dead. - Nightly entertainment is just what you would expect for free. so sit back, light a cigar and enjoy. - My sister-in-law, had the poops one night after dinner, but was fine the next day. One of my buddies was under the weather for about a day and a half. He would deny it, but I think his problem resulted from the three egg Western omelet, the stack of Pancakes, the four pieces af French Toast and the 1/2 pound of bacon he had for breakfat one morning. I got slightly ill the day after I got home, but I attribute that to my wife's cooking. - We all brushed our teeth with bottled water and didn't sing in the shower. I recommend you do the same. - And lastly, I recommend you pass on the trip to Paradise Island. It was anything but paradise, however the boat ride there and back was interesting and wild'And yes - I would go back ! Enjoy, and don't forget to lookie, lookie, swimee, swimee.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful vacation! My boyfriend and I went to Breezes Punta Cana from August 17 to 31st.... it was a fantastic vacation! Usually two weeks is long but we honestly would have stayed an extra week. We are so glad we went even after reading all the negative reviews. You are going to a different country you've got to be open to the different culture. ROOMS: Although very basic had all the commodities. Only if you leave food out or pop cabs will you see very small bugs. We had a beautiful room 4209 facing the pool and ocean. These rooms are a little noisy after 6:00 pm when the live band begins to play. I would say the best rooms are section 6 and 7. Closer to the ocean so you can hear the waves and also have a pool view. We didn't like our original room, there was no problem changing room. Our room was cleaned every day between 10:00 am and 4:30 pm. Asked cleaning lady to leave extra towels and change bed sheets daily and it was done every day. It does help to leave a dolor a day on the bed for the cleaning crew. Room also have CD player so bring some music. Bring your own hangers. No clock so bring one. Laundry service is really cheap and good. ENTERTAINMENT: Most of the shows were really good and creative. Some shows involve audience participation... really funny. They have a 14 day rotation, which is perfect. From 7:30 pm to about 9:00 pm there is entertainment for kids at the theater and/or the disco. Main show is from 10:00 to 11:00 pm. Friday nights it's beach party with live band next to beach and a bonfire. There is also a very good live band playing nightly at the lounge from 6:30 to 11:00 pm. The lounge (lobby bar 1) is the breeziest section of the resort so many people hang out during the evening listening to the band, playing cards, having drinks and also dancing a slow or two. Pool table area (lobby bar 2) has more families hanging out and you need to wait about 30 minutes to play. Disco plays a good mix but mostly marenge... some nights are better then others. They have some disco theme nights (PJ, Sexy etc) but not very successful at getting participation. Many fun daily activities scheduled from 8:30 am to 6:00 pm. FOOD: The food was pretty good for DR. You can pre-book three restaurants per week. Just show up for 9:00 am and you will be done within half hour. Are favorite was Paris. The Italian is also pretty good. We ate at these three times each. The Mexican and Japanese are not bad. I would not recommend the Marlin. If you want to book more then three nights simply go to front desk and ask for an additional paper (tell them you lost yours) or show up at the restaurant and you most likely will get in (after 8:00 pm). The buffet was really good for breakfast but needs a little more variation for dinner. The only issue we had was getting our wine glass refilled during dinner. They won't allow you to go to the bar to get your own refill so you have to wait for someone to come around. Overall the service is excellent. The drinks are definitely not water down and have many international brands (just ask for it). You can eat from the grill 24 hrs a day. Considering we were there for two weeks my BF got sick for two days and I for one. We ate everything. Make sure to bring imodiom. GROUNDS: Very safe. Grounds are nice but still need some work. The pool is huge and beautiful. The beach is clean and stunning with a few rocks in certain sections. Bring your own floaters. Most of the guests in August are European so many topless women. The last day we were there they were putting up a lot more huts on the beach. Hopefully you will not have to wake at 6:00 am to reserve yourself a spot under a hut. There are plenty of chairs available all day. You can change your beach towel serval times in a day, open from 8:30 am to 6:30 pm. SPORTS: They have it all and very accessible. You can prebook for a daily catamaran ride or any other equipment. They are very helpful with teaching you the trapeze and rock climbing. The gym needs improvements but has the basic weights without any cardio machines. They have professional instructor's coming every week to give yoga, pilates, step etc classes. We really enjoyed the classes. The 2 hours snorkel excursion is enjoyable except for the boat ride is FAST. Also, make sure you are on a boat without any divers otherwise you will be waiting on the boat for one hour in the hot sun. The ATV (book next to the towel hut) was lots of fun... well worth it. Must try the parasailing....really a blast. The SPA is actually very nice. You can book for a jacuzzi for two which is filled with rose pedals and candles. Then they bring you to the sauna where they give you a refreshment. This is all before a wonderful hour message. Most of the staff at breezes are very polite, friendly and many speak English. We had no problem with language. If they don;t speak English they will try to understand as long as you speak slowly and use some sign language. We've been to many all inclusive .... breezes punta cana is a very good price performer for a resort that open 9 months ago. Keep in mind you are not staying at a 5 star. Enjoy your trip!!!  
<Date>Sep 10, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolutely Fantastic We went back in 2001 and had a great time. The beach was fantastic and the staff were terrific. Accomodations were modest and certainly fit the bill for our vacation needs. The only complaint that we had was that the ketchup sucked, so if you are going and your used to good condiments - take your own...otherwise HIGHLY recommended..  
<Date>Sep 4, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Time! I visit the Sol De Plata in May 2001 with a friend. It was a fantastic stay and would highly recommend this hotel. The rooms were cleaned daily and the hotel and entertainment staff could not do enough for you. When we first arrived the air con was leaking, we dialled reception and there was a man at our door to fix it within 10 minutes.The food was great variety at the buffet, and the chinese restaurant which you have to book was fantastic. If you are going to take advantage of the beach BBQ please make sure you put some jungle spray or cream on first. I did get bitten. I would advise anyone who is prone to getting bitten to take something to spray in the room too. It didn't spoil my holiday though and after 2 weeks I didn't want to leave.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Deerontkd
<Content>Enjoyed our time at Breezes Just returned from 1 week at Breezes Punta Cana. The hotel was quite nice and some of the people were very good (Esparanza and Mirla to name some). They do have a rotation of people through the hotel. I met 1 person at lunch and I never saw her working in the restaurant again. According to our travel rep, most people make $3-5 per day in that area. We had a large room in the corner of the 1000 block. It was quiet and comfortable. It was cleaned every day.We tried the ATV Bravaro Trackers and that was alot of fun. Our son wanted to go back again. The food in the hotel has a lot of variety and was okay. There is nothing that stands out. The Marlin grill serves the same steaks during the day as in the evening. The are some what greasy. the burgers are good. The Marlin is also the poolside grill. At night you don't get just hamburgers and hotdogs, you can can have a salad, grilled cheese, fish, pizza and a variety of different items. It can be a full meal. The beach is wonderful with enough of a breese to make it comfortable. It is very clean with alot of chairs. Yes, there is not enough beach umbrellas but they had put up 10 more while we were there and were building more. The snorkelling of the beach is much better than what i have experienced in Jamaica. It helps to know some spanish. You can get by on french or german as well because english is one of the last languages learned. We didn't go to the flea market down the beach but we heard you will get hassled a fair bit. We had no problem trying to find a spot by the pool. We didn't always get an umbrella. There was someone coming around cleaning up every so often.Tips: Don't have drinks with alot of ice. You will ruin your vacation. Bring Imodium.Relax while you are there. It is harder to get common things there then if you were at home. Our convience stores are bigger than most of the stores in the country and have better selection. The people do their best with what little they have.The nightly entertainment was pretty good. The comedy bits were original and funny. If you want a quiet time with your family, it is a good hotel. We would probably go back one day.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>i had a pretty good time! After reading all the bad reviews i was a little hesitant about what i would find. But in reality when i got there it wasnt bad at all. The hotel is HUGE! i got lost at least once every day. lol The rooms were pretty decent. although the humidity makes the room feel wet and musty sometimes. I only got a chance to go to the Japanese restaurant, which was good. The buffet wasnt bad either. there is something there for everyone, they have a HUGE selection of food. The beach was very nice. the only thing i didnt like was the big rocks in the water. some of them are pointy and hurt your feet. But the water itself was beautiful. there is a good amount of waves too. there are tours u can take outside of the hotel to visit other beaches which are also gorgeous. I had a pretty good time there, didnt get sick from anything. Alot of the workers at the hotel had trouble w/ speaking english, so that can sometimes be a little frustrating. but all in all it was a pretty good time!  
<Date>Sep 3, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We had a great time My boyfriend and I went to Breezes Punta Cana from August 24th - August 30th. If we could have stayed longer we would have without question. I was a little hesitant before we left because of the reviews I've read, just remember everyone is different and some people you can never satisfy. Sure there are some things that could use a little work but in all honesty isn't that the case with almost everything. We first arrived at the airport and had to pay $10.00 a person and fill out a Visa. The problem with that was we did not have a pen and every worker in the airport didn't have one either. It was a little bit of a headache trying to find one but another couple gave us one and that was that. Just remember to have a pen with you. It took about a 1/2 hour to get to the hotel, the bus was airconditioned so it wasn't a bad trip. I've read about the Dominicans and there driving and basically it was all true. The roads are narrow and there aren't any traffic lights. I saw a few stop signs but they pretty much drive without ever having to stop. It was a little scary because it was so different but it was a little bit of an adventure and made the drive more exciting. (You have to take the best of every situation) Once we got to the hotel, we had to wait about 2 hours to check in because check in time was 3. No big deal, they took our bags and we had a chance to check out some of the hotel. The rooms are not the best but ours was clean, pretty spacious, and nothing about our room disappointed me. Sure there are a few tiny bugs here and there, I hate bugs, but what do you expect you are in the Carribean. There was one day of rain, the entire day and night. We stayed in the room that day and when we were leaving that night to go out, there was a bag full of towels hanging on our door. The cleaning lady could not come in and clean because we were in there but was very nice and left us the towels. There are plenty of things to do everyday day and night. There is constantly some sort of entertainment going on and every last person involved is so into what they do and they involve everyone around them. We got pulled up on stage one night and I was embarrased at first but it was so much fun once you go with it. The pool is huge and it also was clean. The swim up bar is great and the games that go on in the pool are great too. The beach and the ocean are amazing. The water is beautiful, it's so blue and a great temperature, the sand is so soft it feels great to walk on. I'm used to running across beaches because the sand burns your feet and this sand no matter how hot it is outside never feels hot. It really was very relaxing. It was funny because there are a few topless women and the majority that we saw shouldn't even wear a bikini never-the-less go topless, but to each thier own. The casino is tiny. We went a couple of nights and when we first walked in I was disappointed but I had so much fun. We played blackjack for a couple of hours on the same money and had a great time. If you gamble to win, you'll probably be disappointed, if you go to play to have a good time, it was a lot of fun. My boyfriend and I love to play pool. The first couple of times we played I was very frustrated. The pool tables are OK, but they have no chalk, and almost every stick had no tip. We really didn't have a problem getting a table, you just have to wait a little while and within the 1/2 hour you'll get one. It was funny though, by the third day we learned how to play without the tips and chalk and it was a lot of fun. I will say the restaurants and they way you have to make reservations is a bit of a hassle but hey it's not worth complaining about. We made 3 the first day we got there. The food every where was OK. I am a very picky eater and they have such a selection that it was fine. It's not what I was used to and sure you've had better tasting food but it wasn't bad and it didn't ruin anything for me. Horseback riding was great, even though there were times my horse tried to go off on his own. It was a fun and very nice experience. How many times can you go horseback riding on a beach during sunset? It was an amazing sight! Manati Park is small but cute. There's a couple of different things to see and we swam with the Dolphins. It was very nice and fun but sort of cheap. You think you're going to swim with them but you're in a pool and they pull you about 2-3 feet. It was still great and the show with the Dolphins and Sealion was very good. I'm amazed by that anyway. Well I can go on and on about how great of a time I had and how wonderful everything was but this review is long enough. One more thing, every staff member was incredible. I did not come across any problems communicating at all. Every one spoke enough English to communicate and you could not walk by one staff member without them smiling at you and saying Hola. The bartenders by the pool table are the sweetest and most enjoyable guys. They took care of us very well and even hugged and kissed us good bye the last night we were there. Every person we came acroos made our stay that much better. I would love to go back, after I check out other places, and I would recommend Punta Cana Breezes to anyone I know. I had an incredible time and have new and wonderful memories.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Had A Good Time... I read all the reviews and obviously some people cannot be satisfied regardless. There was only one thing that stuck in my mind about the trip that could have been improved upon, check-in. We waited a couple of hours but we were able to go ahead and get something to eat and look around the grounds. Our room was spacious and nice and cold. The air conditioning worked almost too well... no complaints. The house cleaning was not the absolute best that I have ever had, but it was good enough... I had clean sheets  towels daily. I did offer the man at the desk a twenty spot to upgrade us... It worked well. Our view was magnificent. We had the entire pool and ocean view. WOW. The resturants were diffinately good. The Japanese, French, Italian, and Mexican were all good. The only down side to this is that you have to make reservations as soon as you get there. Order you drinks as soon as you get there, they tend to become forgetful. But overall I give it 3.5 stars out of 5. If all else fails, there is a magnificent buffet during all meal hours. We enjoyed the pool very much. That's where everyone seems to meet one another. We met so many kick ***, cool people. Keep an extra $2.00 in your shorts and give it to the pool bartender daily. He will ensure your complete drunk and stupidness for the entire day without hesitation. We were able to put our 2 children into activities all day at the Mini Club. We picked them up for lunch and then dropped them off again to continue our adult festivities. The beach is amazingly beautiful. The beach also offered many pair of bare breast. Some of them having no business being displayed but we (I) appreciated the effort nonetheless. The evening offered entertainment. This was fun and many people participated. Unless you're one of those dumb----- that goes on vacation to sit in your room, you'll write that the night life sucked. The Disco in the basement was okay... not too much into dancing... ever since I got married. We went there for our 10 year annivarsary. We got remarried. It was beautiful and the staff was soooooo friendly. Danke BARBARA aus Deutchland. We will most likely return. If we do not, it would be for the simple fact that we would want to see other islands and different locations... not for any reason. Feel free to e-mail me and I will tell you what I know. Hey Jen  Orlando, Dave  Valerie, Danny  Mary Beth, Frank and whatever your wife's name is. Todd  
<Date>Sep 3, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>There getting better My wife and I spent two week's there. The staff were all polite and did there best to speak english. The food could be better, some of it is great and some is fair. Stay away from the beef, not sure where it comes from but it's not like anything we get in the US. The air conditioning in the room is great the drinks are fantastic. We had a great maid that went out of her way for us. The pool and the beach is second to none. For the money yes it's worth it. Five star resort it's not, we did have a good time and I might go back some day. Vacationed May of 2003.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Honest Opinion I had read all of the reviews before going and my wife and I were terrified. First off, we are a young married couple that likes trying new things and aren't scared of cultural differences (like some people complaining that they don't speak English there...just stay home if you're going to complain about that!).Our arrival was funny, the airport was made of thatch and our bags, slowly but surely, made it out okay.The check-in was long and unorganized, I'd recommend taking a taxi for $26USD over a big group bus if you think that you can get ahead of the crowd. I think that the problem was people were asking too many questions that they could've read on the website and Dominicans do move at a more relaxed pace (in a few days you will too).The rooms were fine in maintenance, clean and spacious enough for us two. The rooms aren't 5-star rooms but good enough to shower and sleep in, TV's have 30 channels for when you've had enough sun for awhile. A/C worked fine and no power-outages during the entire trip. We did stay in the 3000 section of the building and had to move after the first night because the entertainment was a bit loud and we went to bed early since we woke-up at 4am.Next moring my wife asked for a new room and, after talking to a few people, they moved us to the 4000 section of the hotel, which was great. I've heard that they reserve a few extra rooms for people that are unhappy with their rooms. The front desk staff are friendly and polite and you don't have to give them money to be nice, as everyone seems to think.Pool wasn't for us, it's not dirty as in slimey and full of bandages, but there was sunscreen lotion from people drenched in it before jumping in. Pool was cleaned nightly and it looked fine then.Beach was great and spacious. This is the greatest part of the resort. Natural and raw looking, like out of a tour brochure with palm trees lining the beach. You honestly do have to get up early to get shade but if you want sun, there are plenty of chairs available. Beach was not an ashtray, as someone said, it was perfect and there was staff picking up the few pieces of litter (some people just leave their entire plate, drinks, and trash laying around as if to have their servants pick it up...give me a break, just help out a little you spoiled Westerners!)Restaurants were good, we enjoyed the buffet just as much though. We didn't get sick once and we ate abolutely everything there was to get sick from. Try some of the local foods they're really good, fried plantain bananas and yucca.Staff were very friendly and they work long-hard hours for very little money. I speak only basic spanish and suggest that you learn a few key phrases because they like when you try, even if you make mistakes. There were countless people answering Hola, como esta? with WHAT??? or HUNH??? and speaking slang english and wondering why the staff didn't understand.TRUTHS: A bit noisy at times with the entertainment, long line-ups, have to get up early to get a shady beach chair, food is great, store prices are high, you do have to tip occasionally, staff appreciate respect rather than being screamed at, pool ceramic is very slippery, booking restaurants is a bit slow.MYTHS: Food makes you sick, rooms are full of bugs, smells like sewage, constant blackouts, dirty shower water, no hot water, staff was rude, rooms never cleaned, beach is dirty.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>manfromTO
<Content>Average Resort, Beautiful Hotel from the Outside This is my third trip to Punta Cana. This summer I stayed at SuperClubs Breezes, last year at Iberostar Punta Cana and prior to that, Barcelo Bavaro Gardens.I vacationed at Superclubs Breezes Resort from July 27 August 3, 2003. Upon landing at Punta Cana Airport, and presenting my tourist card, I collected my luggage and proceeded to the air-conditioned bus. Travel to the resort was quite comfortable, reaching there in about 35 minutes.Rooms: SuperClubs Breezes has to be one of the best looking hotels in Punta Cana, that is, looking from the outside. The hotel itself is quite large. Most rooms are ocean view and the hotel is brilliantly lit up at night time. Upon checking in at the hotel, the room was all ready and I was escorted to Room 3074 with luggage to follow up shortly after. The room was top floor directly located over the theatre with an ocean view. It was great to watch the night time shows right from the balcony of our room. The air-conditioned room was relatively small, yet clean, consisting of 2 twin beds, bathroom, a small cupboard, closet, safe, and Satellite TV. The safe was in the most awkward spot, right at the back of the closet, definitely an inconvenience to get to it. I would recommend using the bottled water supplied in your mini-fridge to brush your teeth. The water pressure and temperature seemed inconsistent throughout the week and it was definitely a challenge to get the right temperature for a shower. The mini fridge included pop and bottled water.Service: The service is so-so but keep in mind you are vacationing under Dominican time, so if you ask for something, it will probably take 2 to 3 times longer than expected. Sometimes you may need to ask more than once. The rooms were cleaned at different times but would always be done before 5 pm. In case you need more towels, let one of the maids know.Food: The food was okay. Quite a lot of choice at the Alcazar buffet. The omelets were custom prepared and great for breakfast. Keep in mind, the food may not be prepared or taste exactly as you are accustomed to. It was somewhat discerning to see a few birds fly around inside the Alcazar buffet, but it is based on an open air concept to allow a constant breeze in and Im not sure if there is anything they could do about this problem. There were 5 a la carte restaurants to choose from. It was ridiculous to get up at 8:00 am in the morning and line up outside in the heat to register for only one of the five a la carte restaurants. Reservations opened at 9:00 am. Some people were foolish enough to get up at 7:00 am to line up and wait for over two hours in the heat. I guess there must have been lots of complaints about this as half way through out trip they changed the rules and you were allowed to sign up to 3 in one day, but just as ridiculous, you would have to line up three times that morning for that option. Enough said about this, it definitely needs improvement. I had the opportunity to eat at the Marlin (terrible steaks - I dont recommend the Marlin) and the Japanese and Mexican restaurants were okay.Beach, Pool  Grounds: The beach was amazing, and the pool was fairly clean and large. I have naturally dark skin to begin with but without lots of sunscreen, you will definitely burn. Many activities were happening around the pool area throughout the day such as dance lessons, water aerobics and other games. The weather was great, sunshine and hot everyday, although there was always a nice refreshing cooler breeze by the beach. It rained for a very short period almost every evening, but never lasted more than 15 minutes. The beach was perfect with the aqua, turquoise waters, beautiful white sands and very little, if any, seaweed. Small to relatively larger waves were present as this resort is one of the more northern locations in Punta Cana on the Atlantic Ocean. Although the resort had palapas (straw-wooden umbrella huts) located right on the beach to provide some shelter from the hot sun when you preferred it, for a resort of this size, they definitely needed more. They have the room to place many more palapas on the beach if they wanted to. You would need to get up before 6:30 am if you wanted to ensure a palapa and place your towels on the chairs. It was strange to see the beach pretty much deserted at 7:00 am yet all the palapas had been taken/reserved with the blue towels. A trampoline, trapeze, rock climbing and a very small artificial ice rink (made up of tiles with a slippery surface) were also present for additional activities.Water Sports / Side Trips: Many free water sports provided: boogey boarding, kayaking, snorkeling, catamarans. Scuba diving (extra $). There are many excursions provided from the hotel / tourist rep. as well. I have done a similar excursion to the Bavaro Runners before, called The Outback Jungle Safari where you experience a little bit of the Dominican Culture while riding on the back of an extended pick-up truck, so I elected not to do that again. I went on the Bavaro Trackers ATV excursion and let me tell you it was great! This had to be one of the highlights of my vacation. For $50 for two people or $75 if you want your own ATV, it was well worth it. A 3.5 hour tour, included riding the ATVs along miles of beautiful isolated stretches of beaches on The Caribbean Side of the ocean, dirt trails through the landscape of Southern Punta Cana and through shallow ponds, a dirt course created just for the ATVs consisting of elevated bends, hills, sharp turns and other obstacles. One trail leads you through an abandon hotel resort, as you drive right into it, you pass the swimming pool, lounge and lobby areas. Another trail will pass by the famous singers house, Julio Iglesias. You will stop off at a sheltered hut for refreshments and bathrooms as well as go swimming in a secluded beach along the Caribbean Ocean. To top it off, halfway through the ATV tour, you will switch over to horseback riding along the beach, before continuing back on the ATVs. This was a great excursion and I would highly recommend it.Entertainment: The nightly entertainment was pretty good. There would be a different show on each night for two weeks before they repeat the show. The dancers prepare throughout the afternoon before they come on stage and entertain at night. Some nights included audience participation such as Karaoke night. The entertainment would be geared to children from 8:00 to 9:00 pm then switch over to the main feature nightly entertainment show that started at 10:00 pm. It would have been nice to also have some live bands play outside in the evenings, so you can have a choice between the band or the show. The Discotheque was always lively with a variety of music ranging from Spanish, to Hip-Hop, to Techno. On Friday through Sunday, I believe many of the local Dominican people come to this resort and as a result the disco was packed with far too many people as there is very little room to walk around or dance. Be aware that many young children are at the disco and although it stated that they must leave by 12:00 am, it was not always enforced.Tips: Bring some $1 US bills in case you decide to tip, sunscreen, pepto bismo and immodium, small gifts for the workers and a friendly smile. Learning a few simple phrases in Spanish is also appreciated as many of the staff speak or understand very little, if any, English.Final Comments: This resort is definitely geared for families and I would highly recommend it for families. For couples, honeymooners or singles, unless you want a lot of children around, this may not be the best resort for you. Unlike most of the resorts in Punta Cana, where the clientele consists mainly of Europeans, the clientele of SuperClubs Breezes consist mainly of Americans and Canadians with Europeans and South Americans making up the minority.Based on service, food, beach, grounds, animation teams, shows and overall resort experience, of the 3 resorts in Punta Cana that I have recently vacationed at, the Iberostar is definitely the best and worth its 4 star rating. SuperClubs Breezes and Barcelo Bavaro Gardens are more like 3 to 3.5 star resortsYou can visit my slideshow of SuperClubs Breezes at: http://www3.sympatico.ca/manny.malhotra/breezes/index.html  
<Date>Aug 23, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>never again. Hey folks i am not here to give anyone a bad name but for me to get to this point it must of been bad.I planned a trip to punta cana with my family and it was hell,why?when we first arrived there it took us 3 hours to check in with three kids they gave us a room overlooking the party stage with one bed 5 people i said get me out of here so i had to pay if you no what i meen to get a room with more beds.it was discusting they had to change the lock so i had no keys for a day.bugs and other insects whould crawl around the floor and not even a big beuro to put are clothes away.the first day goes by then the second then the third are room is still not cleaned up by now i am fed up i finally had to pay again to clean it that was it never was it cleaned again.now keep in mind that while i am going through this i am running in to people going through the same thing.the food discusting the gym they had you didnt even want to walk inside.the people working there and the host full of s t.No one wanted to help for free.alot of places around the hotel were very dirty we never even tried the pool.The store in the hotel was selling fake brand cigars now how is that possible.the souvenir shop very expensive were i am soon looking to open a shop for souvenirs there because of this insident for people to afford.Then one day we bumped into a family of three two sisters and a brother which today we have become good freinds. They wanted to go horse back riding so we asked around and aranged to go along with three kids 7 5 4 the owner of the ranch said it was fine and safe.when we got to we also told them that the girls were scared and first timers so can you keep an eye out they said fine and even put my dauter thats 7 on a horse alone.While riding on the beach the instructor leading the way starts to ride fast the horses behind him followed which one of them happend to be one of the two girls i look ahead and i see her on the ground i still dont no how the one my daughter was riding did not run i guess god was on her back but the girl was very hurt it was a disaster especially when we found out they dont even have a strecher for emergency it took a while for a four wheeler to come and get her once we got to the hotel they didnt have a wheel chair by now we are all fuming and praying for time to pass so we can get the hell out of there.Thank god so far she is doing good the doctor back home dosent no how she made it back after all this with out the proper care there.I can go on and on but i only want someone to close this place only till they clean up management,and we were all looking forward to this vacation nothing good came out of this exept meeting our new freinds we have now.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Plain Average! Just got back from a 2 week vacation at Breezes. This is huge hotel ( over 700 rooms )  there were over 2000 guests. We took a cab to avoid delays to check in because 3 planes arrived at the same time. Lots of delays at the airport for bagage claim.The rooms are small, especially the bathroom. The bathroom has some mold in the walls. We had a pool view which at time was very loud. Take section 7, ocean view. The food is good, lots of choices. Restaurants are good too. The fries are the best. The pool sucks, very dirty but very big. Lots of activity by the pool. The beach  ocean are gorgeous. We hated the fact we had to get up at 6:00 a.m. to reserve the huts. The entertainment was poor, some shows repeated every week.Lots of activities for the kids, trampoline, rock climbing etc...Overall this place is beautiful but average. It is an older hotel.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not up to its potential My wife and I have travelled to numerous tropical locales the past few years, and we must say, though the island, beaches, weather, etc was amazing in Punta Cana, the resort itself left a lot to be desired. This place has so much potential, but everything about it was extremely disappointing. Honestly, I myself go by the motto of not believing everything I hear and like to experience things for myself, but we were just so disappointed that I felt I HAD to write about a few of my experiences.After arriving at 1:30pm we were told by the front-desk that check-in time wasn't until 3pm and our room wouldn't be ready until then - obviously, this is something I should've known, so we understood the dilemma and waited at the lobby bar. At 3pm, we were told that our room was not ready - at the same time, the family standing next to us who had just arrived were handed their room keys and off they went. Once again, we took a seat and waited 1/2 hour to get a room key. At 3:30, same thing. This went on two more times and finally at 4:30 we were given the key. When we arrived at the room, housekeeping was still in the room and then they finally left, the sheets were still dirty (one even had a blood-looking stain on it) and there was a strange smell which we later found out was the chemicals they use daily to fumigate each room - needless to say, there's a bit of a bug problem, though we really didn't notice more then a few ants and spiders - other families didn't have as much luck. Speaking of housekeeping, of the 7 days we were there, our room was not cleaned on two of them. We had to call twice for clean towels.The rest of the days weren't without hassles either. Good luck making restaurant reservations - the process is the worst I've ever seen. In order to make a reser. for any of the 5 gourmet restaurants, and I use that term lightly, as the food was some of the worst I've ever had, with the bread even having ants crawling on it one day, you have to stand on line every morning for that night's dinner. You supposedly can't make a reservation for any other night, though depending on which staff member you speak with, the process is always different. One person put us on a wait list, while the next said that one didn't even exist. We eventually ate at every restaurant, but not until after attempting to make reservations at least 10 times.As for the relaxing element of the vacation, it was hardly that. If you want a decent spot at the pool with an umbrella or a hut on the beach (both are essential as the sun is only bareable for 5 minutes at a time) you MUST put a towel on a chair no later than 7am every morning. To make matters worse, there are about 20 guests per 1 umbrella - would it kill them to invest in more umbrellas??? And get this one, there was one day that we were in desperate need of an umbrella when we noticed that a staff member had his family at the resort at the pool and they were lined up with at least 4 chairs and 4 umbrellas - good job guys! Way to take care of the guests who are paying good money.Honestly, I could go on and on, but there's too much to write. From the language barrier difficulties to the non-professional attitude of staff to the lack of cleanliness, security and overall care for patrons' needs, this resort would be better off shutting down for a few months to re-group. It was just so insanely crowded (not to mention there was 1 child for every 1 adult - fine if you have a family -horrible if you're looking to relax without the kids) that I couldn't wait to get home. Now that I'm here I can't wait to go on vacation again, just not to Breezes...anywhere, anytime. But like I said, don't listen to me, find out for yourself.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Below Average to say the least I was at Breezes Aug 4--Aug 8, 2003. Upon arrival at the hotel, TRAVELOCITY did not have our hotel reservation. The staff claimed to have called and faxed over a copy of our confirmation and for the entire stay claimed to never have received an answer. The accomodations were mediocre. There are no king-sized beds at the hotel. Children all over the place. We were unable to make a reservation at any of the restaurants because they were all booked for the time we were to be there.Staff was polite. Hotel guests were basically unfriendly. Food below par. Buffet is never hot enough for me. There were 2 power outages in 4 days. Breezes has no generator. I would not recommend this resort for couples over forty. Would I go back, no.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>a-ma-zing I stayed at the breezes from August 2nd to 16th. Me and my family had never been to the carribeans or even an all inclusive hotel.We were very open to everything and turned anything bad into something good.We arrives at 11pm at the airport.Be sure to have 10$ for each person with you to buy the tourist cards. If you dont do that you cant leave the DomRep after your vacation. Ok...I have to admit that the drive to the hotel was very fast but we made it there alive. The check-in was very fast and easy.Our rooms turned out to be very clean and tidy. The Fridge worked very well and so did the air condition.Tip before you go:DONT DRINK THE WATER FROM THE FAUCETS! Our room was made every day. Pool:very big,lovely pool bar,above average clean! Ocean:very clean, good snorkeling,ablsoutely amazing daily programm:something for everybody, from yoga to water gymnastics to trampoline to waterpolo to trapeze.especially the trapeze was AMAZING! say HI to all the people working at the prapeze, especially paul. watersport center:extremely friendly, they speak a lot of languages!a few things you have to pay for, others are free. Just go there and ask, they'll be happy to give you information. Food:excellent, japanese restaurant is the best!buffet always something new.always great TIP:go 200'past the watersportcenter and there are the most beautiful beaches and spots to swim unattended. night programm:every night a different show or theme. very organized. They have one entertainer named oscar. He is very nice and friendly.He is alway fair when playing a game. Conclusion:If you are open to diffrent things and you'll love it. Just go there and have a great time. bring lot of sunscreen though(you'll need it) Dont read the negative reviews because it'll just ruin you're good feelings towards it. I dont know if they are talking about the same hotel. Bring IMODIUM if you take it right away you shuold do fine. One more tip:go horsebackriding, its amazing galloping across the sand!!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Aug 18, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>spicygemuk
<Content>Great Hotel, just a shame about the weekends My boyfriend and I stayed at the LTI in April of 2001. It was our first holiday together so we wanted somewhere a bit special. We managed to get a great deal for the place and couldn't wait! On arrival we entered into the lobby which is open air, with gorgeous birds flying around and sitting on trees in the middle. We got to our room quite quickly which was quite large in size, had a balcony and an amazing view, even though it was just of the complex it was very green and we had a view of the pool through the trees. We had a tour of the hotel almost straight away, we were a bit tired after the flight but it was worth it to find out where everything was. There were six restaurants, two of these were buffet restaurants, one in the complex and one on the beach. The one on the beach had a barbecue every night and if you eat there you must try the barbecued chicken, it was amazing. The other restaurants were an italian, a chinese, and a French and a Mexican, and you had to make reservations for these the day before to guarantee the table. The French and Italian were my favourites. I have to say though that the food in each was lovely, although the Chinese could have been better. Aswell as the wide choice in food there were snacks laid on in one of the bars in between so you never went hungry. The drinks were great, with it being so hot I did not feel like drinking alcohol during the daytime so I stuck to Coke and Fruit Punch. On a night we would sometimes go to the night club which was small but had a good variety of music, and drink Bahama Mamas which were very nice indeed. The hotel also had its own private beach which was absolutely amazing. It was so clean and quite big. The water was clear blue and lovely and cold, and the sand was soft and white. While we were there a couple got married on the beach and their photos were beautiful.The hotel also has its own internet area, pool tables, and entertainment. During the day the entertainment staff would organise games and sports such as water polo and boat races, even darts. My boyfriend took part in quite a few activities, I am not the sort to though so I sat back in the sun and laughed at them all. The winners of the games during the day would be awarded a medal and a Cigar on the evenings entertainment which was also fun.There were quite a few trips to go on organised by tour reps. We chose to go on a Catamaran trip to swim with tropical fish, and then listen to a live band while sailing back to shore. It sounded great but ten minutes after we had set sail we were both violently sick and asked to be taken to shore so we could get a taxi back to the hotel. I wish we could have lasted the day but there were about ten others who suffered the same simply just due to the choppy sea so that made me feel a bit better.One day we got the free shuttle bus into Sosua to get a few pressies for friends and family, when we stepped off though I was pulled away from everyone and held down while two women tried to braid my hair! I tried telling them I did not want it doing but they would not listen. Eventually my boyfriend saw me and came over to help. He too had a woman trying to braid his hair which by the way is quite short. He had to tell them to leave me alone about three times and to let me go before they would listen and then they wanted money for what they had done. I was glad when that was over believe me!! We then walked past all the shops, they all more or less sold the same thing, and were quite expensive, I was really suprised. Everyone tried to get you to go into their shop and buy something, we looked to be polite. While walking past they would shout 'hey, England!!, come and look in my shop' One man even tried to sell us a Machete which was huge, and told us we would have no problems getting it through customs. We still laugh about that today. We didn't wait for the free bus to pick us up, we got a taxi four hours beforehand to get back to the hotel. I found it quite scary.I absolutely loved this Hotel, and being in the Dominican, the only bad thing was the locals visiting. One thing the hotel prided itself on was how safe you and your belongings were. we were told that we could feel safe enough to leave all our things by the pool while we went to eat or to the beach, and when we returned they would still be there untouched. This was true, which I was pleased about. One day though we woke to found our balcony view of lots of grass and trees had been taken over by cars. The pool was heaving and most of the sun beds taken. We found out that on weekends the hotel sold day passes to locals to use all facilities which we were not told about at all, and there were loads of them, and they were very rude and noisy. We were quite naive in thinking the same applied where leaving belongings were concerned, and left our things while we went for dinner. We came back to find people sprawled over our towles and clothes dripping wet, they had moved our things such as magazines and cd player to make themselves more comfortable, and believe me we were absolutely fuming. Even when we approached them they ignored us, we just collected our stuff together and walked away while they laughed. This ruined my holiday slightly. We tried to find our rep to complain but we could not find her at all. When they had all left it was back to normal, nice and relaxing but we dreaded the next weekend when they would return and sure enough they did, so we spent all day on the beach. We left this on a comment card aswell when we left, as this was the only bad thing about the hotel and I would not visit again simply because of this.All in all it was a great trip though, I would give it 8.5 out of 10.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>There are hundreds of better places than here Folks I've travelled all over the world and made many trips to the caribean. This place has so much potential to be a great place, but with its current management it will never get there. Where can I start, the food, the service, the management - you name it and it was awful. If the food does not make you sick then it tastes like it should, the staff expects tips and it you're not giving then don't expect receiving any special attention (all inclusive clubs are not suppose to be that way). The biggest problem is the management, because its very obvious that if they were check to make sure the service, the food and the rooms were under some form of quality control then most of the issues would never be a problem. They're not even interested in taking care of any problems - that's the sad part ! Save your money there are hundreds of places like Turks, Aruba, even Jamaica that offer better places for the same price. I'll never go back !  
<Date>Aug 14, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Dirty, unorganized, not friendly at all This was by far the worst resort that I've been to. The staff has a major don't care attitude, the language barrier is awful, even with my limited Spanish (I know enough of the language to make my needs known and understood - the staff could'nt care less - hey it worked in Mexico, and most other Spanish speaking islands in The Caribean). Everthing you need or want usually takes 10 Dominican minutes (which could mean 20 minutes or longer and sometimes never) - The restaurants that required reservations were always fully booked (on paper), however, when you went to the restaurant it was usually half empty - why ?? because if you tip the guy taking the reservations - then you got a table (usually around 6:30PM was safe). The management requires that men wear long slacks and collar shirts and women to wear something equivalent. The problem is the AC does not work very well and it felt like a constant 85 degrees in the restaurants - sitting next to the grill in the Japanese restaurant felt like 100 degrees and I was wearing my heavy parka. The place was very dirty (hey I got pictures - e-mail me and I'll send them), the rooms need major work, you can never find a salt shaker, spoons, fresh bread, etc., for breakfast , lunch or dinner. If you want to be frustrated, deal with rude people who don't care, and like dirty, smelly vacation spot then this is it. The only thing that the resort has going for it is the beach - everything else is below par.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>fatboy100th
<Content>Breezes was for me We just got back from Breezes Punta Cana. Wow.... what a great vacation! The room was clean. The staff was friendly. Not many spoke English but I got by. The beach was beautiful. I recommend taking the 3 hour ATV trip. The hut is located next to the towel return. The cost is $50 per person on 1 ATV or $75 for a single rider. This is a guided tour. Ask to have Sammy for your guide. You ride through a coconut grove, on the beach, and then you stop at a small village for a beer or soft drink. You take a ride through the countryside where the children wave and give you high five as you pass. The next stop is a fresh water cave where you can swim. Where your swim suit. The water is cool and clean. After swimming, walk up the steps and get a drink at the bar. After your swim and cold drink you ride to a souvenir shop. Do a little shopping and have another drink then you ride back to where you started. When you get back, they have a bottle of rum with your picture on it for $10. I bought one. We had such a good time I tipped our guide $10. All and all our vacation at Breezes was very good.One more thing, I read the reviews on this site before I booked Breezes and came across a few negative ones. I think these are the people that can never be pleased. Yes they speak Spanish. Duh. It's there language. Yes you can smoke in public. I smoked in all the places I could never smoke in the USA (even at the airport check in line). And yes they drive badly. If you want a Great vacation go to Breezes, if you are a complainer. You should just take your vacation in there own back yard.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Breezes - Punta Cana Property - The breezes is a beautiful property; The grounds are maintained very well; The beach is just wonderful - very clean; The pool is large and kept very clean; The rooms are very nice and clean;Service - Everyone is very friendly and eager to please; Some of the staff do not speak English and communications can sometimes be difficult; The bar at the pool is very understaffed - can take upto 30 minutes at times to get a drink;Food - The food is very good if one eats meat; Vegetarians have a very limited choice to eat from; The 24 hour restaurant and bar by the beach is very convenient. This 24 hour restaurant is well stocked with a large variety of food at all times. There is a fruit bar at the beach which is very nice;Overall - We had a great time;  
<Date>Aug 11, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Had a great time, but never again in August After reading the reviews, Breezes exceeded my expectations. First, the greatest asset besides one of the most beautiful beaches I've ever seen, is the staff. Everyone there is very very friendly, especially if one at least tries to speak a little Spanish and smiles back with a heartfelt gracias. Modestly tipping the housekeeping staff early keeps sodas in the fridge and flowers in the bathroom.The beach is beautiful. Water shoes are not needed; the sand is fine and pure. Bring some bread to the beach and fish will surround you! The pool is very big; the pictures are deceiving. It is surrounded by Spanish tile that is very slippery; children and adults need to be careful walking around the pool, especially in their first visit.The food was about as expected from these reviews. The Japanese restaurant was clearly the best, and the Mexican restaurant was - by far - the worst. The buffet for breakfast and dinner were reasonably well-done considering the number of people involved.The rooms were nice, but there wasn't much room for clothes. Be sure to bring plenty of hangers! I was surprised to learn this resort is only 4 years old. It has suffered a lot of wear and tear in that time.The casino is not for the faint of heart, nor for the inexperienced. The odds would give even the more seasoned Vegas gambler the shakes. Stay away.August is very very hot. The sun and humidity between 10:00 and 2:00 this time of year are intense. Skin-block at 30 or 45 is barely adequate to avoid burning, and you should exercise discipline with reapplications.In our party of eight, six of us suffered from diarrhea at least one night, even though we were careful about food; be sure to pack Immodium as it was in short supply at the hotel. The children seemed to fare better than the adults.My biggest complaint was actually with the guests that would drop towels and other properties on pool chairs and beach chairs at 7:00 am to claim them for the remainder of the day. It was very irritating to see these not being used until late in the day.The power went out twice in a week, both for extraordinary circumstances - a vehicular accident that took down a utility pole (power out from 2:00p to 8:00p) and a hellacious thunderstorm that blew out the power from midnight until 2:00a. It's not a bad idea to pack a small flashlight just in case.I will return to Breezes, but certainly not in August. The heat and humidity were exhausting - so intense that it was difficult to get video cameras to function due to condensation inside the camera.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Breezes, they need to live up to Superclubs Standards This is the 6th Superclubs resort that we stayed at. So I feel that I can say few things about this resort objectively. The property is gorgeous, the beach is unbelievable, long, white and clean, pool is also very nice, rooms are average, but the view from the room was breathtaking. The resort needs to train their staff to meet other superclubs standards, the people are very nice, but they don't speak english very well, also the staff expects tips, which was totally unusual for a superclubs staff. I think if they have a better management in the property, it could be a great resort, it has a lot of potential.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I was VERY Happy I was very happy with Breezes. Although I read all the reviews and was very scared to get there, once I arrived I was happy to see it was not the dive people made it out to be. We went with 6 girls and we were 3 to a room. The rooms were ok. They were not fancy, however the beds were comfortable and we had a great view of the pool. There was no beer stocked in our fridge like promised, just soda. We loved the beech, get out there at 5 am to get a cabana, peole save them as early as the night before, they need to add more of them to the beech. The chairs by the pool seemed plenty and were in ggod shape. The towels, well that is another story. I have seen better at car washes. The pool is kept very clean. BUt it closes at 6. (which I still dont get) Dont walk the beach at night you will get eaten alive by the fleas. Make sure you go down to the flea market located on the beach it was great. Dont pay full price they will negotiate. The buffet for breakfast is the only option, there is no room service. It is the best meal of the day so eat up. The best night to go the the buffet is on Dominican night. They are cooking there own food and it is wonderful. The italian restaurant is just ok. The japanese is one of the best to eat at, although long and hot, make a reservation when you get there. MAKE sure you dont got to the mexican restaurant. it is out doors and the bugs and the food are the pits. The night club is ok. They play the same songs all night long, your best bet is to take a cab to the el mundo, aske the front desk for the nearest club. The csino is empty all the time but it is a nice quiet spot. The shows are great and the entertainment by the pool was wonderful. The drinks. Well if you booked for the all you can drink part of the package, be prepared. They are watered down and they carry cheap low quality booze, and the only beer you get is El presidente. If you like horseback riding, GO. It is wonderful and you get sooo much for the money. Also make sure you go on teh banana boat ride, it is free and fun. We had a blast because we had fun and outgoing people with us. You make it fun, they try to help but if you are looking for a nice place to go cheap, it works. I wouldnt go there on my honeymoon, but it is a work in progress that in time will be beautiful. It does help if you speak spanish, we had some people fluent in spanish with us and it makes a big difference. We didnt get sick on any food and drank the water every day. So I either have an iron stomache or the foods and water are not as bad as people say. They drive like nuts there so be careful and carry a stash of medicine with you. I heard bad stories of people getting sick and going to the doctor. Have fun and like I said, it was not the best, but it was not the worst. We had a ball and I would go back.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>WE LOVED IT  I had been to superclubs and breezes in other locations before but this was my first expierence in a country where English wasnt the native language. wow.... it was so much better and cooler than i could ahve expected. i went with one of my best guy friends, and we had an amazing time. within the first two days, we met a girl from new jersey, a kid from texas and three very cool germans who we hung out with for the rest of the trip. we had an absolutely amazing time, the only thing we disliked was sometimes the buffet wasnt so great. WE LOVED THE MEXICAN RESTRAUNT. it was so cute and awesome on the beach at sunset. we seriously had so much of a blast with the germans and our other american pals we met. we also met all kinds of other awesome people. all in all, the most fun part was knowing a little spanish, and next to no german, and sitting at a bar goign back and forth between three languages and accents until someone taht speaks french comes up and you have to cease and desist because you dont know any french. i would recommend this place esp if you know any spanish, becuase its alot easier to get things done if you do. but if not have no fear, just some patience. after all, the staff is going way out by knowing a little english a little german a little french, you name it. so cut them some slack. alot of peopel taht had issues with the place for some odd reason belived taht the staff shoudl know english above all.. which is pretty rediculous as given the week i was there there were next to no americans or british people there.   
<Date>Aug 5, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Weddings rate 2 of 5, resort 4 of 5. I would recommend this resort to anyone travelling with family or anyone just wanting to go for a holiday in Punta Cana. However, I do not recommend it for a wedding location.The wedding: My travel agent Jeff at Travelmart in Winnipeg recommended this resort. He said that Breezes just took it over in Dec and Breezes does great weddings. I told him that I would like a sunset wedding on the beach. Jeff contacted the wedding co-ordiantor and told me that we could have a sunset wedding. However, we would have to do the pictures prior to the wedding for lighting. The wedding was scheduled for 7pm on the 10th of March. I got my legal papers in order - not an easy task. When we got to Punta Cana, I immediately arraged to meet with the wedding co-ordinator, Maria Victoria Gomez to finalize the details - I was to meet with her the next day. That evening checked out the sunset for my wedding. The sunset much before the scheduled time of my wedding and I realized it would be completely dark by the time I was to be married. When I met with the wedding co-orinator- Maria, I again asked for a sunset wedding as that was my one request - which I was told was arragnged. She said, Well you agreed to 7pm for your wedding! I had, but was under the understanding that 7pm was sunset, and her being a local of the community I trusted that she would schedule a time which was sunset. I said that I would prefer to be married in the daylight rather than complete darkness. Maria said that the judge was all booked up, as he does weddings at all the resorts in Punta Cana therefore I could not have another time. I was in the Domincan with family, fees were paid, documents in order - I had no option but to be married at night. I decided to make the best of it and thought that I could actually be nice, it would not be as hot and could be romantic. I spoke to Maria and asked if we could have some lighting- torches or candlelight would be nice. She said no that was impossible, I had to get married in one of three spots on the resort which had outdoor flood lights. I chose a spot near the beach. It was near a lifeguard chair which Maria told me they would move - which I knew was impossible as it was cemented in.On the day of the wedding I ran into Maria at about 5pm. Maria told me that there was a cancelation and that we could have been married in the daylight, but it was too late now. She said that she had phoned the room but we were out. She did not leave a message, otherwise we would have known and switched the time. However, she said that she could push the wedding up 1 hour, that way we should have about 10 min of natural light remaining. I agreed, we rushed inform the guests of the time change and had about 30 min to get ready. A bride could use more time to get ready, but I thought it was worth rushing rather than be married in darkness. The rush was in vain as there we were ready and waiting to be married and Maria and the Judge were no where in sight and the flood light was turned off. We went and searched for them, by the time they came to marry us we missed the window of opprtunity and it was dark. My sister asked Maria to turn on the flood light and she just rolled her eyes like were were asking for the world and never bothered. Here we were told that we had to choose this spot because of the lighting and then it was not even turned on! The photographer, the boquet, the decorations, and the location were all perfect, and it would have been a perfect wedding if the wedding co-ordinator was somewhat helpful.Another prblem was that they put us in a room beside my dad's room. I love my dad but don't want to be next door to him on my wedding holiday. We asked to be moved, they moved us and my sister moved into our old room. However, they did not note the change and my sister and her husband got all the things for the wedding couple: Towels folded into swans with flower petals on the bed, champange, fruit basket and we got nothing. Oh well, it was kind of funny.I recommend getting married at an all-inclusive that specialized in weddings. However, I would recommend getting married at a Sandals, where they are known for weddings.As far as the resort is concerned - excellent. I have travelled alot and the food was excellent, the hotel and resort was beautiful, service great, beaches and pools were big, clean and amazing - no problems. We liked the Japanese restaurant the best. The were no king sized beds in the hotel, I asked - only 2 doubles in each room. There is plenty for kids and teens to do, it is an excellent family resort. The only negitive thing is that lots of the excursions are quite a distance to travel (2-3 hr travel times, 1 way).  
<Date>Aug 4, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>trip much above par from reviews Me and my boyfriend went to breezes this past week. I had read some pretty nasty reviews that made me unexcited to go. Do not have these feelings...get excited. For all the others that have complained about this place....remember how much you paid to go here. You pay a reasonable amount so do not expect filet migon with lobster tail every night. We found the grounds to be impeccable and the employees to be overly helpful. The bartenders were fun and most of the staff tried their best to accomadate you. Bring insulated cups because their frozen drinks are great. Bascially you can get any drink you want except that there was only one type of beer which was like your normal light beer. The only down side is the food but from talking to others who have been to punta cana, the food is the same at every resort there. Therefore, if you want to go to punta canta then that is the sacrifice you make. Reservations for the restaraunts are a pain but it gets you out of bed in the morning. We thought the japanese one was the best. overall everyone should stop complaining and realize what a bargain the trip was and how beatiful the resort was!!!!  
<Date>Jul 31, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>breezes needed some improvement the resort had lush beautiful property and the beach was also beautiful. the rooms needed to be updated and cleaner. we had a large group and had a difficult time making our dinner reservations. we had to be split up one night and when we got to the resteraunt there were plenty of empty tables. i think they have the room to accomodate people but they are short staffed. the staff is very nice but not very experienced and the language barrier is a big problem.the pool closes a 6pm which is too early. our children who are 16-19 enjoyed going to the disco , but were asked to leave every night at 12am if they did not have a blue bracelet on. blue bracelet if you are over18, white bracelet if you are under 18, so they know who to serve drinks to. i don't see why the 16 year olds had to leave the disco if they weren't allowed to drink. our children were threatened with calling security and being arrested!!! just for wanting to stay in the disco after 12. the food was another problem. it was very bland and not properly refridgerated. the cheese was always melted and the meats looked brown. if it weren't for the hamburgers and fries at lunch i think we would have starved, because we didn't care for any of the food.  last year we went to a beaches resort in turks and caicos and it was the best vacation i ever had. the food was excellent the people were friendly and spoke english, the hotel was spotless and very well taken care of. maybe our expectations were too high because of our previous trip, but next year it won't be breezes, it will beaches. much better resort.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Needed R Many of the reviews on this site had me a bit apprehensive about my much needed vacation. Concerns about food (and getting sick), room condition, air conditioning, bugs, birds, and inability to communicate were high on my list. Having just returned I can say that it was absolutely the vacation I dreamed it would be. All categories rated for my friend and I in the average to excellent range. I found everyone friendly - a few extremely so, and others just enough to be professional. We brought a lot of trinkets thinking they could be given out but found that they were only nice to leave for the maids. Check-in - fine, smooth. Room - clean, cool, perfectly adequate with a lovely ocean  pool view. Only complaint was that the light was inadequate for bedtime reading. Beds were comfortable and water nice and hot. Electricity/water went off for about 1/2 hour on our last day - not a big deal. As for the food - it probably was our least favorite thing, but we certainly had enough to eat and never had any physical problems. We chose not to eat things we were concerned about, especially if they had been sitting out for too long. Otherwise, we liked the Japanese and Italian restaurants best for the overall experience. (Grouper in the Italian Rest was the highlight). After a couple of seatings, the big dining room got a bit boring, but breakfast was excellent. There must be a more efficient way to arrange for dinner reservations, as standing in the hot sun on long lines only to find out they're booked is a bit frustrating. Also found inconsistency in willingness to waitlist for the next day - seemed to be based on some mysterious random rules. Otherwise, if we were to complain it would be about other guests. The pool was dirty one day, but it was through no fault of the caretakers - guests spilled their drinks in it and left plastic cups floating. The beach is absolutely beautiful, clean (again, except for an abundance of cigarettes thrown in the sand) and we managed ok even when we didn't snare an umbrella. Shops would do well to have water toys, rafts, etc. for sale. Stay away from the guys working for VIP Superclubs unless you're interested in signing up for a membership on the spot. Service at the beach bar seemed to be based on who got recognized (tips?) Be creative, flirt a little. All in all we found Breezes to be great and would go back in a heartbeat. Our feeling was that people will complain about most anything, to the point of being ridiculous, but we returned to the Big Apple happy, rested, tanned, and healthy.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Ok. But Pluses did not outweigh the minuses. Beach (tops optional) was spectacular with miles of uninhabited beach to walk without constant barrage of solicitation. No significant snorkeling. Enough chairs but not enough shade for all. Spectacular pool  if not overly warm. Place was kept very clean. Staff was friendly.Entertainment during the day was missing. Pool CLOSED AT 6:00 - how stupid. Nightly (enthusiastic but amateur) entertainment started at 10:00 a bit late for most of us. Lost 1 out of 9 to the food or water. There were a lot of stomach problems in other groups. Food was ok tasting for a resort  deserts were actually above average. Had no problems with the amphitheater reservations. Someone just had to sit in the sun for 40 minutes. There was enough variety of food for all. Had to reserve sailboats in advance  would not let me go even though there was a boat there because I didn't have a reservation. Rooms we had were nice and well taken care of  new coffee makers and a stocked fridge  lot's of bottled water  be careful with the tap.In general, we preferred Breezes, Runaway Bay Jamaica significantly better.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MontrealDuke
<Content>US Burgers 24 Hours... OLA, Just got back from the Breezes last night and i miss it all ready. The only thing i dont miss are the americans complaining all the time but once they knew that hamburgers are available 24/7 they became human again. O.K. let`s be fair the rooms are not up to a 4 star rating but as i once read on this site, we dont spend much time in the room but it was always clean and a little tip on the pillow every morning helped to get clean towels all the time. The food in the buffet was always an eye opener and a fun experience if you opened up to a different culture. Some of the items in the buffet i could not even pronounce but trying different foods on vacation makes it a great exp. The restaurants a le carte are also an adventure starting with the reserv.system but waiting to give your name makes you meet other people and make friends. We did not try the italian nor the french rest. but all the others were lets say very good for a resort and where else can a Dominican prepare your meal in front of you in a Japenese restaurant while singing spanish ballads and youre drinking Sake. The beach is awsome and i even got my towels stolen by the security guards because i was to eager to reserve a palapas and all towels put on chairs before 7 a.m. are removed and put in the lobby. All is fair in love and war..The pool and all other animation aroud it are made for the female of the species and thats o.k. cause no male would go dance with a flurting Dominican anyway and its lots of fun to see how hard they try to make us have fun. The all inclusive was as always well balanced but i would ad maybe more marine motor sports (banana,parasailing etc.)The excursions that we took (bavaro runners and Marinarium) were excellent and to all the people who leave food on there plates remember the Dominicans who search in our garbage at the hotel dump site for food to eat. it makes you realize how lucky we are. Breezes is great and well worth the money.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>They have fallen and get get back up Most of the negagtive comments you may have seen on this site have much validity. Though we did not experience bugs in the rooms. We traveled with a total of 16 people 8 adults 8 kids from 10 -15 years old. Thats about $20,000 USD in total package fees. We had six rooms total. My wife and I were lucky enough to have had a room with an ocean and pool view, ( section 7) Our friends got stuck in section 2 The rooms are small and musty smelling, all of them. No clocks in any room or any where in the hotel ( bring a watch) The food is not up to standards most in the civilized world are used to. To start off they changed the rules on July 1 2003 regarding reservations at the restaurants. You must be at the amphitheatre by 7:30 to be one of the first on line to get booked for that evening, but thats no guarantee also,. Why? So many people complained about not being able to get a reservation to the mgmt .. that the mgmt crcumvents the system and makes reservations for the complaintants ... creating less space when you try to get a reservation. Let me rate each restaurant for you individually on a 1- 5 scale Japanese=3 Italian =3 French = 1 Mexican = 1 Marlin Grill = 2 Alcazar (buffet for breakfast lunch and dinner)= 3 There is premium brand liquor there but you have tio ask for it. The daytime entertainment is amatuer at best but volley ball on the beach is always good. Do not waste your money on the excursions they are all a rip off except for the horseback riding. The Emcee of the entertainment is Oscar who loves to see himself dance The entertainment is all by locals and is enjoyable but not spectacular. They do try to get the audience involved I did the Kareoke and enjoyed it. but Broadway its not. The Casino is small and limited in its venues, but i ended up only losing 100 USD after going there 5 of 8 nights. The casino is not rigged just dont waste your money playing Caribbean Keno. The staff at the front desk was less than enthusiastic about helping you if you had problems . but I found the wait staff and housekeeping staff to be friendly. Remember this ....the salary they make is about 90USD per month they do rely on tips and no one gets fired for taking a tip most expect it The resort really caters to a more European clientele and has not yet come to grips with what we Americans expect ( which is a bit more than the French and Germans expect) The hotel was originally statred and owned by LTI Luftansa Travel Int'l, and taken over by Breezes in November. The hotel is showing it's signs of wear and tear and is need of a MAJOR upgrade Beware the trap of the VIP guys near the pool They offer you free T-shirts for a 1/2 hr presentation more like 2hrs. I cut my foot on the rock /concrete near at the top of the beach was sidelined out of the water for 2 days and paid 75USD to the doctor for 2 procedures The beach is pretty but no prettier than the beach in Ft Lauderdale MY pool in my backyard is cleaner than the one at the hotel all in all not a great experience the DR is a place you go to once but never to return  
<Date>Jul 17, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Beach It was pretty nice. Although the food was of an average quality, the desserts and fruits were very good. By the end of our trip we had to be at the beach by 6:30 a.m. to reserve a beach chair and in the reservation line by 8:00 a.m. to reserve a restaurant that night. The french restaurant was good, the italian, not good, and the marlin grill and japanese were o.k. The Dr. at the medical service was very nice since I had to visit him several times. The ocean was a little rough and the pool, a little dirty. Make sure you check if your meat is cooked properly at the grill. Nice hotel rooms, beautiful breeze. Would surely return.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>get your bowels ready... To start, I found the reviews on this site to be fairly accurate on the whole. The drive from the airport to the resort was a little nerve-racking, but everyone made it in one piece. Check in was easy and we found our room ok. It was not the greatest but we didn't find any bugs or anything. The beach is truly beautiful and the water is great. This is definitely the best thing about this resort. The entire staff is very polite and helpful but the food and drink are not appealing to say the least. The frozen drinks came directly from a suspiciously slurpy-like contraption. The food in the outside buffet was left out for hours at a time so one can only imagine the strains of bacteria developing in there. This is likely what gave my boyfriend the most serious case of diarrea I have ever personally seen. No one in our group was unaffected. We are in our mid-twenties and traveled with his parents and several other relatives as well as his younger sister. There was NOTHING to do here at night except listen to the salsa band do Elvis- yes, Elvis- covers (willingly or not- you can hear them VERY well from your room). If you are looking for an alternative to the resort, forget about it. The surrounding areas are not tourist-friendly. Although we may be spoiled Americans, the group that I traveled with is EXTREMELY laid back- I have seen them make the best of some unusual situations- and even they were visibly unhappy for much of the trip. Save your money and buy a palm tree for your yard. Your bowels will thank you.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just what I expected Read the reviews and you will be prepared. All in all a great trip. I'll start at the beginning. You need to pay $10.00 when you arrive at the airport to visit the country, then pay another $10.00 at the airport when you leave. People were very friendly but it was a bit of a problem communicating with only high school spanish classes. But we were able to get the point across most of the time. Check In went fine, I just wish they would have given us more information about what was going on at the hotel. A board out by the pool shows daily activities and a board in lobby 1 behind the bar shows nightly activities. No map of hotel, seek and ye shall find. Arrived on Tuesday but couldn't get a reservation at a resturant until Friday. Not happy about that so we ate at the buffet. Fine for a night but not 3 in a row. They are hosting people from all over the world so you have a large selection of different foods, prepared different ways. Italian, Japanese, and French Rest. were all very good. You have to make your reservations in the morning downstairs in the lobby. They have a dress code but not everyone follows it, men were wearing shorts and polo shirts in the nice rest. and shorts and tank tops in the buffet. The buffet is the same place where breakfast is served, open air with a few birds flying around. A word of advice: don't leave your food unattended or it will be pecked at. It's an open air rest. but no bugs. Drink only bottled water. Bring an insulated mug, works great for frozen drinks. The sun is intense, use sunscreen many times a day and you'll be fine. Ocean breeze was wonderful. The beaches A+, white sand, no seaweed, clear as can be. The pool is beautiful, the swim up bar could use some repair on the tile. There are plenty of chairs but if you want one under a tree or grass umbrella you best go out at 6:00 am to reserve, even though it says you can't reserve until 7:30am. No one bothered our stuff. We brought our own beach towels, sometimes they ran out and we couldn't get a towel. We also brought cheap rafts, if you like to float around on the water, they had none. The water activities are a blast. Don't wait until the last day to sign up, people missed out. Banana boats, Parasailing, tubes. snorkeling, catamarans, kayaks, all great fun. The electricity did go off 3 times, once for about 2 hours, bring a flashlight. We went to the open air market, I had a blast haggling over prices, first tent you come to Manny Cheapy Cheapy, had a few laughs with him. My sister in law doesn't like that sort of thing so she left, they can be very pushy. Hold your ground. The rooms were adequate. Our room was cleaned everyday before 12:00 but my sister in laws was not cleaned until sometimes 6:00pm. She was not happy about that. I loved the lobby, open air with the wind billowing the curtains, large comfy couches. Very relaxing vacation just lounging on the beach all day. Being a foreign country and the heat, things are a lot slower. Toto, we are not in the USA any longer, so chill out. Go with the flow. If you get up tight because you don't get your coffee poured as soon as you sit down for breakfast, change your attitude before you leave home.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Solid Vacation First time my family and I went all inclusive and we were not disappointed. We did not know what to expect going to an all inclusive vacation with a 6  10 year old but everything was great. The Beaches and ocean were absolutly gorgeous and the staff was energetic and helpful. They were very attentive to my children to the point where we and the kids were comfortable enough getting there own drinks and food during the day. I would say the only downside to the whole trip was a little trouble communicating with the front desk and having to connect in San Juan. The rudest most unfriendly airport I have ever been to. The shows at night were great and they keep the audience involved the whole way. For the best frozen drinks and the resort go and see my man Pablo at the pool bar. The airport at Punta Cana is about 30 years behind the times but nothing a little patience won't get you through. The rooms are clean and adequite. Could use a little more dressor space. The only people we heard complaining while we were there were a few uptight spoiled fellow Americans. All and All we give the trip a solid 8.5 on a scale of 1-10. You can tell with a few minor improvements here and there in could be a truly 5 star resort. Special thanks to Oscar and Chocalate the masters of ceromonies. The energy that they and the rest of the entertainers had was unmatched by anything I have ever seen. One more thing, If you want to get one of the gorgeous bamboo umbrella trees on the beach you need to go and put your towels down by 8:00-8:30.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We loved the Breezes!!!! My husband and I went to the Breezes in Punta Canada in mid May for one week. I can't believe all the negative reviews because we had an absolutely FABULOUS TIME. The hotel is situated on beautiful grounds, the sand beach stretches for miles, the pool is huge and never crowded. Whoever said the rooms were small has never been to the Mediterranean!!! We had a lovely sea view with balcony overlooking the entertainment stage. The buffet food was wonderful: lots of fresh fruit and salads, amazing desserts, great fish and meats. The a la carte restaurants (which you did not pay anything extra for) were quiet and relaxing. The Japanese restaurant is a must, as is the BBQ. There are always little extras everywhere.Entertainment is better than anywhere we have ever been. During the day there are non-stop activities and Oscar, Batman and Tyson get everyone involved, they have so much enthusiasm. The evening entertainment always starts with audience participation and is great fun. The dancers are well choreographed and have wonderful costumes. There is always lots to do and everyone is very friendly. Don't believe all those whingers.... some people are never satisfied.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Breezes Super Club Punta Cana We were disappointed in this Breezes, it did not live up to the advertisements or standards of other Breezes clubs. Don't get me wrong it has a great white sand beach and warm water, however they don't to a very good job of cleaning the beach. The pool is not very clean either. They do have plenty of activities for adults and kids although the night time shows could use some help. The kids club was great, my 7 year old daughter liked it well enough. The staff was very nice and we met a lot of really nice people from all over. The main problems, first for dinner you had to make reservations for everything but the buffet and you could only make them 3 days in advance, needless to say they were hard to get in any of the restaraunts and then only after 8:30 pm which is far too late with children. The food was not very good anywhere, very bland and in many cases left out all day without real refrigeration. I think one of the main problems is they are trying to please to many people with all the different types of food and do not do well in any. We have never been to a place where so many people were sick with diarrhea and stomach problems, myself included and we visit Mexico and the Caribbean quit often. I am sure it was from the food. We are very careful not to drink anything that is not bottled and we do not eat the vegetables and only the fruit with a peel. When I went to get medicine from the Medical center at the resort they wanted to charge me $80 US for medicine and $60 US for the visit. When I said the food is what made me sick the doctor just smirked. Then we found out that at the resort mini market you could get it a lot cheaper. Be warned on the weekends the Dominican teenagers come in and party all night. We were kept awake many nights and when we complained they did give us free tickets to the Manati Park (don't go there it's awful) and told they would be gone soon. You also don't want a room anywhere near the pool(where we were, partial ocean view) or mini disco, very loud and noisy almost all night. We found the diving to be lacking in splendor and the reefs overused, not really a divers paradise. However, the dive shop personnel where knowledgable and helpful. We won't be going back to that resort again and probably not back to Punta Cana.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Warvi
<Content>hot,hot,hot. this is one of the best hotel in punta cana.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not worth it My husband, me and another couple went to Breezes, Punta Cana from June 17th to June 26th. We had minor problems throughout the trip that added up to a vacation that was not a good value at any price. It started with the transfer from the airport to the hotel. The driver from Prieto tours tried to drop us off at the Bavaro Princess instead of Breezes. After much arguing and a phonecall he finally took us to our destination. Arriving there they checked us in immediately and sent us to our rooms where we discovered that they had not been made, there were sheets on the floor, dirty towels,and empty soda bottles everywhere. There were almost no hangers and when we asked for more we never got them, even after 2 more requests. There are 3 small drawers so be prepared to live out of your suitcase. Dirty Towels are quite frequently not replaced or are taken out of the room and not replaced with fresh ones. I had to hunt down a maid on more than one occassion to get more towels. We never saw a washcloth the whole nine day we were there and when we had them, we used handtowels in the shower. The food is poor to mediocre. EVERYTHING is overcooked. Make sure you ask for everything rare if you want it to have any texture or flavor. All four of us observed the rules about drinking the water out of the taps. We even brushed our teeth with bottled water. We still had bouts of vomiting and diarrhea. We have been home for four days and we are still having trouble. Make sure you brings antacids, imodium and pepto. The bartenders are wondeful! Say Hi to Pablo and Christian. They are the swim up pool bartenders. They're great! Bring singles with you. Tip your bartenders 2 dollars a day each and that will guarantee you head of the line. They say you are not supposed to tip, but we recommend it. Just keep it on the QT. Whatever you do, don't take the Bavaro Splash tour. You are supposed to get a little speed boat for 2. You drive the boat for 30 minutes, snorkel for 45, and drive back for 30 minutes. The boats are in disrepair, they are dangerous. It turned into 20 minutes there, 30 minutes snorkeling and 15 minutes back. At $56 dollars a person it's a rip off. The casino is a joke. There are 4 blackjack tables 1 carribean stud poker table and 2 roulette tables. The dealers either cheat or they don't know the game of poker. Keep your eyes on them and on your cards. There is also no Gym. I know they advertise one, but all it is, is a little room with some free weights and one bent bar bell. The spa is nice, my friend and I went there for her birthday, the prices are reasonable and the staff friendly. The disco only plays merenque, so if you want to dance you'd better take the merengue class they offer by the pool. One night, when we were there, someone threw in pepperspray or tear gas. They entertainment is okay. The staff tries hard, and we give them an A for effort. Service is extremely slow in the restaurants, we quite often sat down to dinner at 8:30 pm and did not get out until 11:00 pm. We noticed that the restaurants were only half booked and when we asked around, we were told that they are purposely kept half booked so the service is not slower than it already is. Make sure if you want to eat at a particular restaurant you make your reservations as soon as you get there. We also discovered that a well place 3 to 5 dollars american in the Maitri'ds hand will get you a seat in a restaurant of your choice if you can't get reservations. The grounds and pool are very nice, although the pool close every evening at 6:00 pm. The beach and the ocean are gorgeous and it is a very easy walk down the beach to to the flea market where everything is cheapy, cheapy. Don't pay more than half of the original offer. All in All this resort has a lot of work to do. Beautiful scenery is not enough to make up for everything else that is lacking. I know that this review sounds whiny. But believe me. We are four of the most laid back people in the world. We were very disappointed with our vacation. Stay away if you can.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>GREAT PLACE We (my husband, myself,  another couple) stayed @ Breezes, Punta Cana in March. I know this is rather late, but I just have to give my opinion. None of us knew what to expect, but when we arrived, WOW!!!! The airport was great, checking into the hotel was not a problem. We all were in awe by this hotel. I can't believe the negative opinions that this place gets. But I guess everyone sees things differently. If you want a place to be bad, you can make it that way (in your own little mind!!!!!!) I guess it goes without saying, you treat other people with respect and you will be treated with respect!!!!!!  We had a wonderful time, enjoyed our stay (everyone @ the hotel could not have been more accomodating), and we are planning on returning to Punta Cana and staying @ Breezes.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Dont miss the opportunity to experience Breezes Just returned from Breezes in Punta Cana. After reviewing the mixed reviews I had to write to say after 8 days at Breezes I found very little to complain about. The trip from the airport to the resort was a little concerning as there is a lot of poverty in the Dominican Republic and its apparent on this trip. I must admit during the bus ride I was a little concerned, however upon arrival at Breezes I found the resort to be spectacular. I was extremely pleased with all aspects of our stay. The rooms were very nice, the food in the restaurants ranged from good to excellent. The grounds were extremely beautiful and clean. The beach was the best with powery white sand, and crystal clear waters. The casino is very small and will need work to attract players however we didnt go there to gamble so this wasn't a really big deal to us. We stopped at several other resorts along the strip and I think the beach at Breezes is one of the best on the island. Our Apple representative Petra was the best Apple rep. I have ever had. Very informative and helpfull. Always available and willing to go the extra mile to accomodate our needs. A great vacation and I'd go back in a minute. If you're planning a trip the the DR in the near future, I'd seriously consider Breezes, you won't be disappointed.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2003
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>sagacioustraveler
<Content>Good value for the money This was our first trip to the Dominican Republic (June 4-11, 2003) We have vacationed at all-inclusives in Jamaica (Couples Ocho Rios) Playa del Carmen (The RIU Palace) Tuluum (The Robinson Club), and Cozumel (Paradisus).In light of the negatives reviews Ive read about this Breezes, I was half expecting a run down property with rooms the size of broom closets and a some fly ridden buffet stocked with left over cold cuts. Instead, I was very pleasantly surprised with the caliber of this property and found SuperClub Breezes to be a great resort for the money!PUNTA CANA AIRPORT: Arrival and departures were effortless. No long lines at customs or check in. This is a small, open air (no A/C) airport. We booked through FunJet so transportation was arranged and included the $10.00 tourist card. Dominican drivers all have a death wish, so you may want to keep your eyes closed on the ride to the resort. Breezes is about a 45 minute heart stopping drive from the airport.CHECK-IN: Very quick and the front desk staff was very friendly. We paid for a garden view room but had our travel agent request a top floor which we received. Room 7414 faced away from the pool (a more quiet location) and it still had an ocean view from our balcony. Our daughter (15 going on 23) was lobbying for an adult blue wristband but anyone under 18 receives a white band so they are not served alcohol.ROOMS: The room was much larger than I expected and was more than adequate for 3 of us. We did NOT encounter any musty smells nor did we ever see a bug in the room. There is a large closet, safe deposit box, two double beds, a dresser (3 small drawers) night stand, small table w/ coffee maker, a CD player, and a couple of chairs. It had fridge that was stocked daily with sodas and water. This wasnt as large as the RIU rooms but we werent bumping into each other either. The balcony had two chairs, a table and ours had a partial ocean view. The TV gets several English speaking channels including HBO, Showtime, and Disney. Fairly large bathroom had good sized vanity, tub/shower, bidet, and blow dryer. The top floor rooms have vaulted ceilings so the room felt more spacious. The A/C was excellent. We had decent water pressure and always had hot water no matter what time we showered. Mattresses are firm and tolerable. The pillows were dreadful either hard as bricks or lumpy from over laundering. The only wear and tear (besides the pillows) were the fairly shabby bedspreads and drapes.GROUNDS: This is a very large and attractive property that is well maintained and has a good layout. Although its a huge resort, the buildings are laid out in an S shape so they have tons of rooms with a pool/ocean view. The huge, meandering pool encompasses a large section of the grounds. The main building (with the lobby bars and open air Alcazar, the main buffet) always had an unobstructed, steady breeze. Even my husband (who hates humidity) was quite comfortable at dining at Alacazar and lounging by the lobby bar #1 for after dinner drinks.POOL : As mentioned, quite large with tiny islands of foliage throughout. They have a separate shallow area for kids where some people also put their lounge chairs in the water. There was a swim up bar however there are no bar stools in the water so we did not spend any time there. Bring your own inflatable loungers or tubes. They seemed to have ample chairs however there were relatively few umbrellas.BEACH: Totally awesome. There are only two resorts on this stretch of beach (Breezes and Grand Paradise) which means there are miles of secluded and great walking beach in either direction. About a mile to the east is a shipwreck and a small grouping of merchants with whom you can haggle for souvenirs. Parasailing is always available. There is, in fact, some fairly decent snorkeling off the beach if you swim out a little ways. Water was much calmer and clearer on beach than it was in Playa del Carmen. There are also more rocky areas than Playa del Carmen, which makes for better snorkeling. Unclear if thered be any real snorkeling at the resort, we only packed our own snorkel and mask next time well also bring our fins! Our biggest complaint was the lack of shady spots and the need to get up early to lay claim to a palapa. The sun is so brutal that a palapa is a must. On Saturday (when there were a lot of departures) there was no problem finding a palapa anytime. However on most days they were all gone by 8:30am. I found myself getting up and going down to the beach between 6:30 7:00am to get a palapa. On a bright note the beach caf starts serving coffee at 6:00am!ACTIVITIES: There always seems to be some sort of game, dance lesson, or activity happening either poolside or on the beach and there is seemingly endless volleyball. For something completely different, they have a real trapeze, trampoline, rock climbing wall, and ice skating. In terms of water sports, each guest gets a free banana boat ride and, for an hour per time, you can use snorkeling equipment, boogie boards, and kayaks. You can also schedule a 1/2 catamaran ride (included) and they will have someone operate it unless you convince them you can do it yourself. They have windsurfing however we were told that due to the crosscurrents and winds, it was not the best place for beginners. They do offer lessons at an additional fee. Twice daily they also offer a 2 hour snorkeling trip to one of the reefs. The price is $25.00 USD and arrangements are made at the dive center. There are pool tables next to the lobby bar 2 and a game room. There are shows at night (no big deal), a disco ( my daughter loved it).and a casino (which we did not feel the need to see.) In the evening there is always live music at the lobby bar.FOOD: Overall, the food was pretty good for all meals at Alcazar, the main buffet. (My husband was THRILLED that shorts were acceptable at dinner.) Its not the most elaborate buffet in terms of selections or presentation however there was a decent daily variety, some dishes were absolutely delicious, and the desserts were among the best Ive had at an all-inclusive. The outdoor grill serves up hamburgers, ribs, chicken, steaks,  pork chops. Contrary to other reports, the ribs are NOT undercooked. The pool side lunch buffet (which is turned into a specialty restaurant at night) serves a small selection of pasta, french fries, cold cuts, fruit. We went one night to the Japanese restaurant. The ambiance was great however I found the meat and chicken too overcooked for my taste. We also went to the French restaurant and found the presentation lovely and the food very good. We discovered that they often served identical items on the buffet as were offered in the specialty restaurants. We all managed to overeat and none of us experienced any problems from the food.BARS: Top shelf alcohol is available and served on request. There is a different specialty drink featured daily. We found the beachbartenders generous with the alcohol in our drinks (we brought insulated mugs from home) and the service prompt.SERVICE: The front desk staff was very friendly and probably the most fluent in English. The housekeeping staff always offered a smile and an hola and were quite accommodating in bringing extra towels and pillows. (Pantomime and limited phrases were helpful communication tools.) My husband did not find the service as friendly as we had in Mexico - Im not sure if the wait staff is apathetic or just simply oblivious to the level of service we generally expect . As for the wait staff in the main buffet and beach restaurants.wellI would never say that anyone was intentionally rude. We were already told that most of the staff did not speak English and, although they would nod their heads and smile, they simply did not understand a word being said and often never came back with what we had ordered. Overall, service was lax; long empty water glasses that were never refilled or a hunt for someone to serve us a breakfast or after dinner coffee. None of these issues were major just simply a nusance.We thought Breezes was a great value for the money (about $800 USD pp for 7 nights) and would come back again if the price was right  
<Date>Jun 26, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Vacation Let me first start by saying I was a little skeptical after reading all the negative reviews. After being there I can honestly say I can't imagine where these other people stayed! We had a terrible flight(engine trouble and had to return to Philly airport after an hour in the air) so when we finally arrived I was really anxious to get to our room and start vacation. Check in was smooth and completed in about 5 minutes at which point we were escorted to our room with our luggage. I booked all the resturants that we wanted that same evening in about another 5 minutes. The room was spotless(no bugs, no smell) beds were firm but after a day in the surf and sea air, I never slept better!! The resturants were very good. The Japanese being the best, then the French and the Marlin was pretty much the same food as the day time with some added extras and was enjoyable. Didn't eat at the mexican or italian. Buffet was wonderful in the morning for breakfast. Eggs any way you like them! Fruit yogurt, anything you could want! The beach was absolutely gorgeous. Never saw anything like it. We got great underwater pictures from snorkeling right at the resort. The pool was also great! Always found seating and hat lunch from the Marlin buffet everyday by the pool. There were six in our party and that included two small children and not one of us got sick!! All in all it was a great vacation and would return there in a heartbeat!!! ps- we followed all the tips and took insulated mugs and plenty of sunscreen and bug repellent, never needed the Immodium or Pepto. Don't forget to haggle everywhere you go...have a great time!!!  
<Date>Jun 23, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wouldn't recommend it!! I just returned from Breezes Punta Cana. From the moment we got of the bus from the airport, the bell boy's quickly tried to grab our bags eventhough we told them not to. Once we checked in they didn't tell us how to find our room. THE ROOM: the room had little bugs crawling all over the furniture. The light in the closet did not work. Also there was broken glass on the table, which I discovered when I cut my finger. (Not bad, thank goodness) However they did try to charge me $50 US dollars to get a band-aid and some antiseptic from a in-house doctor. The maid service in too bad, however we did question how often the sheets were washed, since they didn't smell too great. THE FOOD: The food wasn't that good either. The buffet has birds flying everywhere and landing next to the food. At the buffet, stick with the pasta, it's probably your safest bet. The restaurants aren't that great either. At the mexican restaurant the service stinks. We sat down at 7:30 and our order was taken at 8:15pm. The French restaurant the hot food was cold. The Italian restaurant wasn't too bad, they had a nice display appetizers. The Marlin restaurant by the pool wasn't good either. Everyone has to line up to get a piece of meat from the grill which took forever. If you have wan't to eat other than the buffet, I only recommend the Japanese restaurant Munahana. The food was good, and the service prompt. Remember to reserve these restaurants as soon as you check in since they fill up quickly. THE STAFF: Only a handfull of staff spoke english. The language barrier stinks. Some of the staff go out of their way to make you happy and some are just their. THE ALCOHOL: I did not see one name brand liquour anywhere. OVERALL: I wouldn't recommend this place to my friends. Overall, I wasn't happy with the place and they have a lot of room for improvement.I also visited Gran Caribe Real in Cancun, Mexico which wasn't great either but much better than here. Also I visited Atlantis Royal Towers Water View, I had no complaints there, the food was wonderful, however it did cost 50% more than Breezes. Remember: You get what you pay for.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>a dream !!!! HOLA ! I was in the hotel called Sol de Plate, or Breezes now! I had the best vacations of my lifetime !!! It was great !!! I enjoyed myself very well !!! The barmans are very nice (especially Roinert, ANGELO, Omar, Jesus, Vladimir, Giovani, LEONARDO, Pantaleon........and so many others!!!)!! The animation team is very nice too and they speak every language(thanks to EDWARDO, Oscar, Ariel, Jose, Pedro sexy belly, ....and the italiens Chicca, Matteo, Mirko, Johny, Max, Veruska...)!! So, I met a lot of people that I adore and I was in the Paradise !!! Thanks to Wilson(security gard) and to Modello(horses man)... I hope you will enjoy your trip like me in this fabulous hotel like a castle where you're the king !!!! Write me if you want to know more !!!! Bye  
<Date>Jun 20, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Welcome To Hell This hotel is very bad, i am going to say the service is terrible, they even reply to back! saying they won't do it!!!!!, and thie english is pretty bad! nevermind their german (deutches), also the management was rude.I met a couple from Ontario, Canada that had to pay for the broken toilet their room had before they even got to the Resort!!!!!!, and the room was flooded!.The food from the buffet is horrible, but the food from the reservations restaurants is ok. The pool is great as the beach, both are great and clean. The A/C is pretty weak and doesn't work great, it acts like a fan, but a small one. If you're going to this hotel never stay at the room only to sleep if you can!, there ar even bugs in your beds! and not just small little ants! huge roaches. Remember stay out at the beach or pool and drink drink and eat eat there, even thought the food there is quite bad but it beats staying at the room killing bugs. Also bring your diahrrea pills or peptobismol if you don't want to stay at bed the entire weekend. Hopefully i only booked for a weekend.-Frank Furt  
<Date>Jun 17, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful I went to Breezes with five other girls and we had a wonerful time. I read all these reviews and sometimes things just dont work out for other people. Some people can be very pickey. I had no problem speaking english to anyone, I was treated with the ipmost respect, room service came immediately went I called. For example: our iron was no good and we called and a new one was there in 5 minues. We had a great time, we relaxed and enjoyed our trip. I must agree with the others about the driving skills, its scary. But i enjoyed my vacation it was money well spent and I will be going there again.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Well Deserved Honeymoon! My husband Steve and I were looking forward to a relaxing honeymoon after all of the hustle and bustle of selling/buying a homes, planning our wedding and future. We were excited to try an area of the world that neither of us had been to --- Punta Cana was it. We read the reviews of past travelers and talked to several people who had visited PC. Only a few of the reviews were poor(those people need to learn what to expect before going to another country (and tropical at that) We thought that the resort was clean, organized and had what we were looking for. Yes, there are tiny sand bugs in the room but hey, that's expected. The water was distilled and delicious. The ocean and beach were peaceful. Plenty of staff that keeps up on landscaping, food service etc... The swim up bar/pool could have been skimmed a little more often. Housekeeping was generous with towels. The Japanese restaurant was our favorite choice. The entertainment was fine-- they tried hard. The bartenders could have been a bit more eager/willing to greet customers and pour drinks. The lounge entertainer (Panama Jack) was nice to listen to along with the 16+ ft windows and flowing curtains. The lobby was beautiful. The front desk staff was average. Bidiea (Hotel Coordinator) she was extremely helpful and kind. We would recommend the Breezes for people who like to kick back, enjoy beaches and those that can make the most out of their tropical resort experience!  
<Date>Jun 13, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Overall Good Experience From June 4 - June 11th, 2003Upon reading the other reviews for Breezes, we can say that we agree with some statements that were made. My husband and I are airline employees and we travel as much as possible, and here's what we think: For the price - you can't beat it! Sun everday, rain showers at night, alot of daily/nightly entertainment. We met great people there from all of the world, so that made our trip even more enjoyable. Food was basically the same each night, we had to pick and choose what we liked the best. Day 1 - 6 was fine but stomach cramps, diarreha and vomiting lasted for about 16 hours on the last night. The horseback riding (2 hours) and ATV tour (3 hours) was fantastic (See Max and Paul next to the Pool Towel hut). Although we were told we would get to see a cave, waterfall and 2 villages and a plantation on the ATV tour, we found that this was untrue, but enjoyed the trip anyway. Rooms were okay, cleaned daily. Most of our things were damp but I think this was caused from condensation inside the room itself. Refrigerator was stocked full of sodas and water and linens were changed daily. But overall, we really didn't spend that much time in the room. It also came with an ironing board and iron as well as a blow dryer. No adapter was needed in our bathroom, but was needed in the outlets next to our bed. Rooms do not have CLOCKS, everyone was asking for the time (for dinner reservations). Drinks were plentiful and full of alcohol. Although, at times, they would forget to add the liquor. Never had complaints of any of the waiters, bartenders, waitress staff. Most of the waitstaff speak very little English. We got the feeling after ordering a drink, the waitstaff would occassionally make comments about us in Spanish, but after the 3rd or 4th drink, who cares. If you find a favorite bartender, tip him/her $3 or $4 US and you will be taken care nicely (although it isn't required to tip). See Paeblo at the pool bar for great Mudslides and Coco Loco. Taxi ride there was $25 US and was a ro piece. Johnny (the bellman) helped with the luggage and showed us to our room (guess we were one of the few compared to the other reviews). We did see people looking lost as they checked in because the place is huge. Reservations must be booked in advanced to all restaurants except Alcazar and you could even sneak into the Marlin out by the pool. Midnight snacks were wonderful! Daily activities were great, night activities were even better. Oscar, Beauty, Francesa, Valentina and Michele had everyone laughing, dancing and made a point to speak to us all every day. Their English was broken, however we understood them and they also spoke Italian, Spanish, German and French, so for 5 languages, they did great. Overall, our experience was nice for the price. You must barter with vendors on the beach as well as in the resort for reasonable prices. Our method was to take their price in US $ and half it, then half it again and make that your FINAL offer. 90% accepted this as we walked away. Got some great stuff! We would go back because we did have a nice experience for the price that we paid. Although we met others there that had not so great experiences, we will return for the sun, service and relaxation we received while there.One last thought - we had a photo session on the beach with Miquel (Painted Pictures) and in our opinion, it will be the best money you spend during your entire trip. We brought home beautiful memories thanks to him! Great prices, great person. His information is located in the hotel lobby bar 1 next the elevators. Hello to our new dear friends from England, Philly, Washington DC, Long Island, Miami, Buffalo and San Francisco! Hope to meet up with you all again next year.ALSO - As long as you keep your green tour slip ($10 per person) when entering Domican Republic, you WILL NOT need to pay this fee again when leaving the country. Major confusion about this from the resort hotel staff and we will confirm that you do not need to pay twice. MAJOR NOTE: If you bring US dollars, hang on to for as long a will give you US currency. All monies will be in pasos even at the ATM and reception desk. This is very important because the exchange rate on the beach, in the shops, etc. have much less value than the US dollar and or British Pound. We were not prepared to haggle in pasos and felt that we may have lost a few dollars. At the time of our trip, 250 pasos = $10 US dollars, but that changes daily. If you are trading in British Pounds, it should always be worth MORE than the exchange amount from US to Pasos. Feel free to email us with any other questions, we will even send a picture or two. Scott and Kenneathia United States  
<Date>Jun 12, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nbtravler
<Content>Had the Best Time I have to say that the idea of these reviews is very helpful in planning a vacation. However, the people with ALL negative reviews need to loosen up and focus on the positive things as well. I appreciate seeing an objective review with both positive AND negative comments. I recently spent 2 weeks at Superclub Breezes in Punta Cana with 2 other people(04/15-04/29). We had the BEST vacation! The resort itself is huge and very beautiful. Although, the rooms are not spectacular. We were never in them so as long as it had a bed and a shower - that was great. Plus, we had gotten upgraded to a suite prior to arriving. We emailed the manager directly and were given a suite with a bottle of wine and fruit plate. So, yes, the manager DOES speak English, contrary to popular belief. There definately is a language barrier with a lot (not all) of the staff but you can always communicate. We found that the cleaning staff spoke the least English. Pretty much all of the wait/bar staff spoke English. Remember, we are in THEIR country. ALL the staff was excellent and super friendly. We made a lot of friends with the staff and will remember them always. Hello to Juan, Ramone, David, and Demetrio! These guys are the BEST and made our evenings in the lobby very enjoyable. The restaurants are all very good. We tried all except the Mexican. We all agree that the Japanese was the best.(hot inside, but the food is good). The French and Italian were both very good. And these ARE air conditioned. The buffet is not air conditioned and is open air with no windows. There are birds that fly in (morning and afternoons). Not once did I see them around the buffet. They mainly hung around the openings. The buffet food was average to good. Some days are better than others, but there was ALWAYS something you could find that was satisfying. The grill restaurant is also good with BBQ food such as chicken, steak, shrimp, lobster, scallops and fish. But beware of the mosquitos. I didn't have a problem, but one of my friends ha! Not really a pool person and spent most of the time on the beach. The beach is AMAZING!! Soft white fluffy sand and clear blue water. There is a great surf as well. Some days are worse than others. It is very enjoyable.The market is about 15 minutes down the beach (a nice relaxing walk). You can get some good deals. You really need to haggle with them though. Some are friendlier than others. I would stay away from the silver......not so sure it's the real deal. But if it's cheap enough - who cares. Cigarettes are CHEAP! 2 cartons of Marlboros for $20 US.The entertainment was pretty good. It's your typical resort shows. They work very hard to put the shows on. Tuesday night is karoeke and is very entertaining. We never really went to many shows. We were too busy talking to the bartenders and all the other people we met while there. The disco is OK. It does get tiring after awhile. A lot of people also hang out at the grill restaurant (24 Hr food and booze). They have great pizza in the evenings. Also, all liquor is free poor and a lot of top shelf varieties. You can go off the resort without a tour, unlike some other people have said. You can rent a cab and go into the market. In fact, they encourage you to do so. So....we did with one of the locals. It was interesting.....even stopped at a bar and had a beer. Perfectly safe. One of my friends went out at night to Mangu. This is a popular night club in town. A lot of tourists go there and is a happening spot. My friend said she had a blast...I didn't make it. There isn't anything else I can think of to say. I honestly enjoyed myself immensely. There are very few negatives I can think of. The rooms definately need to be redone. Also, the gym was very BAD. However, they were building a brand new one that will be air conditioned and have new equipment. Please don't listen to all these negative people. This place was amazing. Feel free to email me with any questions.PS - none of us were sick.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>AWESOME TRIP Just got back today and am already itching to go back... had the best time... wish they had more nite activities, and that the food was a little better. Pool area was awesome, beach was beautiful, tons of daytime activities. Friendly staff and the entertainment staff really makes the trip more enjoyable. Would love to go back asap  
<Date>Jun 12, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>nice pool but... it was a very nice hotel however, there were some problems. The pool was dirty, you weren't allowed in the pool after 6pm, and if you have a night flight, well then good luck with the courtesy room. I had wet towels, there was a roach and there are only 3 rooms and you have to wait. Besides that, the tour guide, Norberto is a liar. DO NOT go on the Santo Domingo trip. It takes 3 hours to get there, but there are four pick ups on the way at other hotels and of course Breezes is the first on @ 6:15 am and the last off at 8:00 pm. Best of all it's a trip to Santo Domingo and you only stay in Santo Domingo for about 20 minutes. The rest of the trip is all touring. Do NOT shop in the first store they bring you to b/c you can get it in Santo Domingo for much cheaper. And the party boat trip was a lie also. There is NO party boat, no open bar and NO dancing. Do NOT beleive Norberto he just wants your money. DO NOT go on the tours. Oh yeah, the party boat is a also a tour. My suggestion is too stay at the resort and go shopping on the beach which is a 15 minute walk. It's all the same. It was a nice hotel, actually it was beautiful but you can't leave the resort unless you are with a tour. And also remember to bring LOTS of Pepto and Immodium even if you do eat the the restaurants, not only at the grill by the pool. Go to the Japanese restaurant, that one was the best. GOOD LUCK and HAVE FUN!  
<Date>Jun 10, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Stop Read Before You Book This Resort Stayed 7 nights to long... Went May 24 - May 31, 2003.. Still have diarrhea and stomach cramps. Let me say that I am a objective person, and I sincerely read with an open mind these reviews before booking our trip. Trip starts off bad.. my suitcase was lost on a charter flight from Houston to Punta Cana. I was so upset because no one spoke english. The bus ride to the Breezes was horrid. First of all... no DWI's there... No License required either.. Crazy Drivers... and if you aren't sick from the flight - which is 4 hours...you will be car sick. Roads are horrible. It took about 45 minutes to get to the Breezes. Upon arrivial we checked in - and was given the key. No map of where the room is - no bellboy... On our own.. This place is huge... Don't judge a book by the cover! The place is attractive. Needs lots of improvement! Finally found our room... hot! AC problems. No one understood english... We called several times and finally an electrician showed up. No wasn't fixed. He said because I was using my hairdryer from home- I was causing more stress on the AC... Please! and all that comunication was hand signals...remember no english! After several calls and lots of frustration - we were able to move to another room... Total times moved 3 times until we had a room that was comfortable... Not cold, but decent. Also.. if you go here - it is like a fat farm..you will loose weight! Food is horrible.... The US hamburgers - the meat is white when it comes out of the package. Also, the buffett is open to air and it is hot, with crows flying in and landing on the fruit and bread.. I am so disappointed, because we had a wonderful time at the Breezes Bahammas and went 2 times...the food was great and looked forward to each meal... Listen..this Breezes needs to step up to the plate... The service and food is so bad.. so many people were getting sick and had been sick for several days... I am a RN and I had brought imodium and several other stomach medications..Well, I am so glad... I helped so many people re ill. That is ridiculous - on vacation - which most people save all year for this special time. I know this sounds bad, but if I can save someone from going here and wasting your money and time.. I wish so bad we would of stayed at Iberostar Bravera - A fantastic place. I talked with many people on the bus that had stayed at Iberostar and they had a wonderful time. I would pay extra - will be worth it. The beach and water is magnificant in Punta Cana. The water so aqua and can see your feet in neck high water. Also at the Breezes no tipping allowed; but they expect it. The service is poor! Only if you give a dollar which is 25 dollars in pecos - will you get your pepsi refilled... and do not drink the fruit drinks. Made with their water. Also the lettuce is washed in their water... people were getting ill. The deserts were ok, but you might find a crows foot imprint in the cheesecake... I am not kidding! The resturants are hot...no AC - well I guess they figure you want eat as much... got that right.. so all inclusive.. need to re-evaluate that reasoning if you go there. The management is not willing to help make your stay pleasant. Like the customer is always right motto... Not there. If we could have left we would have... believe me we tried. We met other americans there and everyone had the same complaints.. Also met people from England... his wife had been in bed for the last 5 days ill. Had booked 2 weeks there. God help them... Oh yeah! Bugs in the room! And bathroom! no hot water. and the rooms were less desirable. Also advertised is a stocked mini bar in the room. Not! only pepsi and seven up... no beer and if you ask someone there about it, they shake their head and never return. Don't try to call US either - will get hung up on 40 thousand times. This is so aggravating. No one understands english... Now if you are going to serve the American clients - someone needs to take a english course. I will return to Punta Cana one day - but not to Breezes nor will I ever stay at another Superclubs Resort ever.hat maybe we would have gotten some kind of recognition. Also the upgrade that our travel agent said we were promised from Superclubs representative - never happened... that is how they show their appreciation... I will tell everyone I know not to go to Breezes- Punta Cana. Such a waste of time and hard earned money. I hope your vacation is a better experience. Also read these reviews...will save you lots of research... I did many hours of research prior to us chosing Breezes... The reason why we chose this place was because of the two times we had success in Bahammas.. Gosh.. doesn't even seem like the same company. Also, for the entertainment - lots to be desired. I have college boys and they litterally had to make their own entertainment. The casino is so so so small. Also...if you forget pants - you will not be allowed in the in door resturants. In door resturants are so hot... no one wants to eat. The excursions are worth checking in to... do not leave the resort area. This is a 3rd world country...very poor people. Hard to imagine that there are some beautiful resorts in such a desolate areal. By the way... the Medical MD..will charge you 200 us dollars to tell you you are sick... Hello! Be carefull, bring plenty pepto, imodium...might want to get prescription diarrhea medication..because imodium want touch this stuff. E-mail me if you have any questions...hope this helps you make your decision... also please talk to someone that has been there... you are traveling so far not to know what is ahead of you.... Also...some of these travel agents need to get out more and visit these properties - before they can recommend them.... Thanks for your time in reading this review... I will be sticking with Iberostar properties from now on.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>John, Jo, Lisa, Tom We left from JFK on May 24, 2003. The airport in Punta Cana is very hot. You have to fill out information when you get there and pay $10.00. BRING YOUR OWN PEN! Nobody really told us where to go, just figured it out. Bus operator had sign and we found him right away. Ride to hotel was about 1/2 hour. Check in was quick and easy although they did not come through with the upgrades we tried to get, even though the place was practically empty. We had rooms near the theater (2410 and 2409) and they had vaulted ceilings because we were on the top floor. Very nice rooms. In-room refrigerator (ours did not work), sodas and water every day. Hairdryer in room. Shower had low pressure. Balcony was great and we had a beautiful view. Maids do not seem to come around too often. Nobody speaks English! BRING A SPANISH/ENGLISH DICTIONARY! The food was plentiful, but sometimes scary. Breakfast was OK at Alcazar. Omelette station was good. Stayed away from meats and milk. I did not get sick. Drinks contain a lot of alcohol. Pool was great! Not a huge problem with chairs although people do try to save them with a towel. The beach was wonderful! Some bugs fly around, but they do not bother you at all. We cought the end of one show at the theater that we wish we saw the beginning of. IT WAS HYSTERICAL! Other nights, OK. Didnt have kids with us, but they seemed to entertain the kids there very well. Trapeze and rock climbing (free) was fun, sort of difficult. One free banana boat ride, fun, very calm. Did not do any excursions execpt for snorkeling. (Mariana boat #5) To make a long story short...the boat left us in the middle of the ocean to go somewhere and came back 1/2 hour later. Boat ride was CRAZY and drivers try to kill people in the water. Be careful where you swim. Water not very clear. $25 per person. We had massages (I enjoyed, but others said they were too rough.) Got maicure/pedicure only because I was desperate. Dont get one. Expensive and low quality. Towels at pool are ripped ande)-good food VERY VERY HOT!! NO AIR CONDITIONING!!! Men have to wear long pants though. Martino's(Italian)-I did not like, but everyone else did. Paris(French)-My favorite, great food, great service. El Marlin(pool buffet)-OK, stuck with rice and potatoes. Alcazar(indoor buffet)-Pretty good, good for breakfast. El Sombrero(Mexican)-Good food, service not too good with food, but kept drinks coming. THEY HAVE CORONA HERE!!! Overall, this was a great trip! Staff is not really friendly at all. Only tiny ants in the room, no big deal. Hello to our friends from Staten Island, Upstate NY and Georgia!  
<Date>Jun 5, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good but has room for improvement I went to this resort and expected so much more that what I gotExpected Received King size Bed 2 Full size Beds Gym Gym with no equipment Great food the most of the food was fried Great drinks Water down DrinksAt least the animation crew made this place full of entertainment.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>decent place, but room for improvement I had no trouble with the flight or the transfer. Just don't let anyone at the airport carry your bag. It is only about 25 feet to the taxi reps. Also bring 10 U.S. dollars for the tourist card. Wear shorts on the plane as the airport is open air and warm.The resort had the best beach I have ever seen. Zero litter, plenty of chairs and very little rocks. Down from the resort was littered and could be cleaned by the resort (since it is their trash blowing down there!). Pool was excellent, plenty of chairs but shady spots were hard to find. This is mainly due to the idiotic practice of reserving chairs even if you don't plan on using them. This seemed to be quite popular. Bars had excellent service. I have never had bartenders so eager to pour drinks. Plenty of selection and the local beer is great too. I took a 22oz. insulated mug and I would highly recommend it. Room was decent but showing signs of wear. We did have ants at first but they were headed for the flower petals left by the maids and an empty pop bottle :) Rinse pop bottles out or put them in the hall. Plenty of bottled water (don't drink the tap water) and towels. AC worked fine. Slightl musty smell but understandable given the humidity. Now for the negatives. The buffet just wasn't that good at all. I don't know if it is for the Eurpean crowd or what, but I don't want old lunch meat and cheese for ALL 3 meals. I could always piece together a meal even if it was just salad and bread. Breakfast was the best meal of the day here - don't miss it. Hamburgers at the grill definitely taste different. Not sure what kind of meat that is. For thursday (seafood night) I expected shrimp, crab, maybe some lobster dish. This was absolutely horrible. Specialty restaurants (Paris, French  Japanese) were very good. It is like the chefs at the buffet weren't even trying. I can't understand such a difference in food when they are only located 20 feet away from each other ? Entertainment staff worked hard and it was fun to watch or play games. Obnoxiou can retreat to the beach. The fitness room is a bunch of old junk that looks like it was donated from someone's garage. This shouldn't even be listed as an amenity. You'll have to walk and swim if you want exercise. You'll be thankful the food isn't better. I did not experience any GI upset but many people did, and this wasn't only at Breezes. Many folks from Iberostar were complaining on the way to the airport.Oh yeah, the staff was great and I didn't tip until I was leaving. I wanted to see if it affected service. I would have to say it didn't. The maid service was excellent and when we used the do not disturb sign the maid left extra towles hanging in a bag on the door handle :) Very thoughful. This resort could be much better that is why I gave some low marks. The towels at the pool were all ripped and worn out. Little details like that are what make this resort a 3 out of 5 stars. Definitely not a 4 star like they claim. I tried to make this review as fair as can be. I have pictures also.take care,Jon  
<Date>May 31, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Strawberry Pina Coladas! My wife and I returned last night from a one week stay (May 21-28). We had a great time down there from start to finish.The Bars: The frozen drinks were great, no lines to wait in probably because spring break is over. I loved the pool bar, although it seemed as though there was alot of drinking going on and not many people seemed to be getting out to use the restrooms (if you know what i mean). The pool was very clean though, great filtration system and cleaned nightly, so we didnt worry about it. If you order frozen drinks you need to specify with alcohol if you want it. Insulated mugs are a great idea. We had a large one and filled it up with water every moning.The Rooms: We had a garden view room. This i think was a better idea beacause it was much quieter. The pool area can get loud with shows and morning workout classes with techno music starting at 10am. The room itself was nice. Tile floors, two double beds (very firm mattresses) and a nice size bathroom (bidet included), and blow drier. There was a small frige in the room stocked daily with free water and sodas. Cable if you really want to watch it, 35 channels, spanish, english, french. Our iron was kind of cheap with no steam, but the humidity takes care of wrinkles pretty fast. There is a sign advising not to drink the water. We used bottled water to brush our teeth too.The Staff: Overall good! The language barrier can be a bit of a hassle (one girl, every answer was 5 minutes). We had problems sometimes talking to the people on the phone. Best bet for any problems is guest services (abraham). They are in the lobby and very helpful. The only people who always seemed to be mad at the staff (it seemed) had New York accents.Guests: A good mix of Americans, English, Canadians, and Germans. Everyone was very friendly toward us and made a huge effort to speak to us in English.Restaurants: Italian was by far the best. Great appitizers and entrees. Great Grouper fish and pasta dishes. The appitizers were buffet styr conditioned French was next on our list. Great entrees, and apppitizers, although i hated the bread on the table, it was supposed to be hard but it seemed old too. Good desserts. Air conditioned Japenese was fun. Kind of like Bennihanna. The chefs do a good show and sing songs. The desserts were pretty good. Food was a tad bit too salty and oily, but not bad. Air conditioned but really hot anyways because of all of the cooking. Dress light here! El Marlin (Beach Grill). I didnt like it at all. The food was buffet style and looked like it was there way too long. Some people liked it, some didnt. Mexican we skipped, too many people there said they did not like it. Main Restaurant: we only ate breakfast there. The omlette/egg bar is great. You can scoop your ingredients on a plate and they cook it right there. Great fruit choices, almost anything you can think of for breakfast was there. Nice open air breeze in the morning. The food overall was pretty good. The sit down were very nice but the buffets could have used some more refridgeration. Things were always closer to room temperature. Guys dont forget to pack your dress pants. No jeans, shorts or sandels allowed in any of the sit down restaurants. Make your reservations for the whole stay as soon as you get there, they fill up fast. The Disco: Decent and Air Conditioned. Music was hip-hop, techno, some rock and maybe a bit too much salsa. Great place to dance off some calories. The Beach: Very nice sand. The surf was much larger than most carribbean beaches. Fun for sea kayaking. My wife snorkeled and saw lots of colorful fish. I woke up at around 8am every morning and found two chairs under an umbrella on the beach . Many of the other reviews said they had to get up at 530? That must be during the peak period. Even if you walked out to the beach or pool at noon, there were hundreds of empty chairs on the beach and at least a few off to the side at the pool. Overall we had a great time down there. We probike it, but because we like to see other places. This was our first all-inclusive. We met lots of people who had been to others and they said this was pretty decent (not the best, but pretty good for the cost). The grounds were immacualte and the buildings were in good shape. The worst complaint from me would be the buffet food could have been better. The resort is in the middle of nowhere. The only market within walking distance is down the beach to the right. About a 20 minute walk. They really harrass you there to buy thier stuff. Some people we heard got good deals there. I did not was to get hassled anymore so we left after 10 minutes. They say not to tip, but we brought about 75 dollars in singles for tipping. We perfected the casino style dollar in hand handshake. They really are not supposed to take them, they can get in trouble so be on the down low about it. We left 2 dollars on the pillow for the maid every day, she did a great job and put fresh flowers in the bathroom every day. They are not expecting a tip so dont feel bad if you do not tip. Complaints: On the last day there they bring you to the airport about 3 hours early. It was quite a long wait in a grass-hut airport. Dress lightly for the flight home. I dont smoke but my wife does. There are no smoking restrictions anywhere that i noticed. It was not really a problem though, most places are open air. Only the disco when packed became a bit smoky. Dont forget... your beach towels (they do provide blue ones), anti-diarreah (spelling) pills just in case... we both needed them a couple times. Insulated mugs, sunscreen, hat: if you have a part in your hair, or get your hair braided your head will fry! The sun down there is crazy. 10 minutes to burn with fair skin (no joke). HAVE FUN!!!  
<Date>May 29, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awesome resort! Fantastic beach! We traveled to Breezes Punta Cana on April 27 for a week in paradise and were not disappointed. The front desk staff were super friendly and had us checked in within minutes. We did get lost on the way to our room, but it was our own fault that we didn't follow the signs. We had a top floor room with a fantastic view of the beach and the ocean. Try to get a room on the top floor - the vaulted ceilings and view are worth the climb. The food was plentiful, although a bit bland by the end of the stay. We had no problems with illness (other than self inflicted on one occasion!). The grounds, beach and pool were awesome - clean and well-maintained. The staff were always helpful - it helped that we made the effort and learned a few key phrases in spanish before leaving home. I would definitely recommend this resort! The only downside was when a bunch of Americans arrived the day before we left - stereotypically rude and loud! No surprise that the people with all the complaints on this site are from the US.  
<Date>May 27, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place for a great price!!! me and my girlfriend just returned home today along with another couple from breezes. I will tell u at 1st i was nervous about goin to a place i never rwally heard of,but boy was i wrong.This resort is beautiful all around.The food overall was above average with a few things here and there that were not that good depending on your choice of foods. the drinks were always good,and always made with alot of alcohol.pool was always clean,everything was always set up pretty much on time or within 10 min or so.the beach is breathtaking..... as far as the restaurants go... the japanese was the best,the french and italtian were good as well,the marlin grill is great if u like seafood,and dont bother with the mexican.be smart and follow the dress code.the rooms are fine,cold a/c,t.v,and a cd player.overall the place is great for all ages and i definately recommend this place to anyone who wants to get your money's worth out of a vacation,at any age...... any ?'s definately email me  
<Date>May 23, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful and low key get away Breezes hotel and resort was all it advertised. Punta Cana is a beautiful place to relax and get away from a hectic life. We were in Punta Cana for four days. From what I gathered from people who lived there, the weather is virtually the same all year round. Hot! The sun was out every day. It did rain one night for a few minutes, that's it! I do recommend packing good sunscreen. Our rooms were clean, and maintained just fine. I recommend the Japanese restaurant for the best tasting food, though we did not make it to the Italian or French restaurants. Also, guys must wear long pants to the restaurants! Jeans were discouraged but my husband got in anyway because that was all he had. We had one in our party of six that didn't have pants and he was not allowed to eat with us. Big bummer! Other reviews were right in regard to: Employees don't speak much english. It was hard to communicate. If they don't understand you they will politely say ok and leave, but, chances are they aren't comming back. They are not rude, though. Most food was bland. You have to be open to try new foods or just eat the safe basics like potatoes, pancakes, rice, fruit, etc. None of our group got sick due to food. I think if you get sick it is your own doing, if you know what I mean. Lastly, try the water sports! We did just about everything. Most were without charge. Parasailing was extra. Everything was fun. Basically, if you are not expecting a structured vacation you'll have a great time.  
<Date>May 9, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Never To return!! Horrible!! Totally disgusted, Problems from day 1 and nothing ever done. First it was a faulty Safe key for one of our party, which was cracked and broke off, So this was a $50.00US charge, which I may add was NOT paid after numerous arguments at the front desk. The strong smell of sewer, grey water running through the court yards was not very pleasing to say the least, this was also mentioned in a couple of other reviews , but we thought that it may have been taken care of by now. NOT. Staff not the friendliest, and only after a tip of $5.00US was passed onto them did their english improve greatly along with the service. The railings on our balcony were broken and the fall from the 2nd floor would have been very unpleasant, but not fixed! Patio doors did not lock, little sand fieis type of bugs in room, around anything that you open such as a beer or soda, The beach was lovely, nice sand, nice waves very good, only get to the beach before 05:00am to reserve a longe chair or its a no go!! Then you have some guests who are so ignorant that they take 1 chair for themselves, 1 to provide shade for themselves, another for a shelter alongside of them and 1 last one to use as a clothes rack and sort of area for their Stuff. not very considerate at all. this of course is no blame of the resort but you would think that there would be some kind of rule such as 1 chair per person so that all can enjoy. Restaurants, were fully booked on our day of arrival, nice heh? how do you get a reservation when you arrive?? We managed to get a reservation for 6 at the Paris, and when we got there the place was empty?? Cant figure it out. Overall. not a very pleasant stay, we have been numerous places and have NEVER seen such so what type of attitude from a resort. We complained to the management and all we got was a reply saying well 1400 others said they had a nice time. So we shall never return to the SuperClub Breezes, Punta Cana, and in closing, the man at the airportr Pesos, (800) and $20US and just told us to GO and pointed to our plane ...which I was happy to go to. You would think that a country relying substantially on tourism, that they would at least try to treat their guests a little better. I think we will stick to the Bahamas and Barbados, thank you.  
<Date>May 7, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hola!!! Best place ever!! Where do I start??? This resort was beyond words in my opinion. Myself and my boyfriend went with a group of 10. There was always something to keep us busy!! Cabarete and Sousa are all just a short drive from the resort. There is free shuttle to both areas. One thing I highly recommend making sure you take advantage of the tours they have. You do have to pay for them, but you get to see a totally different side of the the Dominican. Beautiful country side, that I would've never known about had I not gone on the tours. As for the resort?? The resort staff was great, they work all day and night for the people. Very polite. The grounds were kept immaculate. The rooms made very nice. I highly reccomend this resort for travel. Hola and have fun!  
<Date>Apr 24, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sufenta
<Content>good vacation We spent a week at the breezes in Punta Cana with my wife and two kids, aged nine. I had done some research about the place and I concluded that given the reviews I read and the money they charged me, I would find a glorified Holiday Inn at the beach. Depending on what is important for you, that is true or false. Excluding the room, the place is very nice. Pleasant public areas, well groomed gardens, very nice pool and all you can expect from the beach, (which I might say is not your average smooth calm caribbean beach. It is deep and wavy...don't take your snorkel, you will not use it there). The food was very abundant and varied, well presented, and the service well organized (i.e. food available 24 hours a day in different locations, replenished efficiently and on time, appropriate temperature). The staff at the food areas was very attentive and professional.The two lobby bars and the pool and beach bar are again well staffed and with appropriate variety of drinks. The a la carte restaurants were also very good, and it is not that hard to find a table one night or another during your stay.The staff in charge of entertainment was also very efficient and funny, at the pool and the beach. I did not see the night shows. Now for the parts that need improvement.... The room needed a lot of work (cracked wall in the bathroom, lack of caulk around the sink, soap of poor quality,etc.) The time of the day they would come to make up the room was a mistery. It happened from 11 AM to six PM (!!) and in between for all the stay.The kids place has a very enthusiastic and attentive staff (that goes for each and every person I interacted with at the hotel, by the way) but they really only have a couple of tools to entertain the kids (a trapeze is the highlight) and they do not group the kids by age (it is coming soon, I was told). The sauna is excellent, except for the fact that you have to walk through the lobby area of the spa to find a shower, and there is only one...), the worst layout for a sauna I ..)The gym is really a weight lifter dream, but no bicycles or treadmills, so it is incomplete.The Casino.....well......a few slots and three black jack tables, don't expect a real casino.My impression is that the place is a work in progress, with some areas up to a very high standard, and others in their way. I have no other experience with all inclusives, so I cannot compare. Nevertheless, I would go back because the things that were excellent (service, pool, beach and food and drinks) far outweight the underperforming areas (sauna,gym,room,kid's entertainment). It will remain a mystery why tipping is not allowed, specially when the personel is so attentive.....  
<Date>Apr 18, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Getaway Spot I am writing this review for people who are wondering what to expect and aren't getting enough from the Resort ads and pictures. My husband and I were there for 7 days in March 2003. We had a fabulous time. The best assets this resort has are: the beach (very soft, fairly white), the pool (huge, free-form, gorgeous landscaping, swim-up bar, goofy pool activities), the nightly shows (mostly dance shows, karaoke, comedy), the specialty restaurants (book as many as possible for variety--especially the Japanese one is great Hibachi food), and the lobby and outdoor bars (lovely surroundings for drinking and relaxing). These amenities are average at this resort: the rooms (quite standard, but with nice balconies), the ocean (fair amount of seaweed, although clear), and the buffet food (not bad--just standard and rather repetitious). The resort also has four shops, free boogie board rentals, and 1 free banana boat ride during your stay. As a couple we had a great time because our goal was to relax in the sun. If you are looking for a crazy drunken singles week of Spring Break, go to Mexico. I think the resort also catered to kids decently well, but I can't vouch for that. We did not do any excursions as Santo Domingo was a 3 hour trip each way and that was the only one that interested us. Otherwise, we scuba dove and I parasailed. Both were fun and worth the money; you can register for both at the Marina on the beach. Also there is a tiny village of shop-huts down the beach about 10 minutes to buy souvenirs. The rest of the time there we ate, drank, slept and tanned. If that is your goal, we found it to be a great value for the price. Notes of advice: bring your own sunblock ($20 in giftshop) and pool rafts (can't rent or buy).  
<Date>Apr 10, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A self-contained village LTI Sol de Plata is about 20 minutes' drive from the airport, and conveniently situated on its own peninsula about 3 miles from Cabarete and from Sosua. The hotel has complimentary buses to both resorts several times per day, but with large pool, lazy river, six restaurants, good beach, long walks possible in either direction, pitch and putt golf course c there's not much incentive to leave the village. You can hire a quad bike (group excursions only, $40 per bike) from the guy at the bike stand. Every few days there is a craft show (basically, the merchants come along to display their wares). Tours are better (cheaper) if booked in Susua or Cabarete than from the tour reps. The minibuses to Puerto Plata stop on the main road (fare 20 pesos).This is an excellent hotel, especially if you are in the enhanced bungalows, which are very large and well-appointed. Be warned: goods bought in the hotel shop are very shoddy. Also, the hotel gets used by local children on a day residence basis during the holiday period. They can be noisy (but so are the tourists).  
<Date>Apr 9, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't Go Here! What a Dump! I read that this hotel has been remodeled which is so far from the truth. We just returned from a 7 day stay here, and it was just one disappointment after another. It was our first all inclusive and all I can say is NEVER AGAIN. I would never pay upfront for a hotel that I've never seen, only to be stuck with nowhere else to go because we've already paid... and, what is the incentive for employees to give good service when you don't tip? Nothing was even remotely niceabout this resort...Not the hotel, rooms, food, or the service...nothing! what a dump! The casino is a joke, the staff is surly and rude. MY ADVICE IS TO STAY SOMEWHERE ELSE IF YOU STILL DECIDE TO GO...  
<Date>Apr 6, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Breezes Punta Cana-Money Well Spent Three single girls in their late 20's and early 30's went to Breezes for a girls weekend. We thought Breezes was definitely worth our time and $. Breezes is not a 5 star hotel but provides all necessary amenities (e.g. stop shelf liquor, smoothy drinks, very nice pool, lovely beach, courtious staff - the one's who speak Engligh and most of all very nice/cheap massage on the beach). The food is ok...none of us got sick. We were able to get reservations to different restaurant (we were accomodated to ala carte rest. w/o a reservation). Nightlife is pretty limited and mellow. It is not a singles scene but we managed to have a great time! It is definitely a family oriented resort but the pool and the beach makes up for the difference! Ask for Angela - the massage therapist on the beach and Franklin - English speaking funny pool guy (e.g. he would save us lounge chairs at the pool...). The disco is ok and the beach bar rocks! There's plenty of drinks to go around so don't forget to bring your own insulated mugs! The carbondated drinks are a lot sweeter so watch out! Also, don't forget to bring some bug spray, tanning lotion, cards - we managed to pay games with French Canadian girls who did not speak a lick of English (thanks to the Staten Island boys (the only single guys at the resort our age who spoke English). Anyway, happy travels! Oh, we recommend the Japanese Restaurant, Marlin - outdoor seafood (they have lobster - ask for butter on the side)...Although we had reservations at the Italian restaurant - we never made it...  
<Date>Apr 3, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel My daughter and I just returned from Punta Cana, D.R. We had a wonderful time, resort was elegant, trip was long as we were unable to get direct flight. Would recommend attempting to do that as it was a long day. As for resort, festive, clean, waitstaff somewhat distant, suspect language barrier, entertainment staff terrific, highly recommend nightly shows: A-, The entertainers work very hard with abundant energy. Pleasant atmosphere, food fair, esp. at buffet, stick with restaurants on premises, best bet. Fresher, more palatable. Housekeeping could be better, rooms need some sprucing up, acceptable, we were never in there. Would recommend highly, had a blast. Pasta was excellent, stayed away from meats. Water always bottled, safe to drink. Always something to do, beach beautiful, one downfall is number of huts available. Guests save them overnight, even though resort rules state staff will remove towels etc. if left out. Did not see that occur. Early risers may be disappointed as huts all taken. Sun is hot, need break in day, morning better to catch less intense sun. Its a vacation we will always remember. Highly recommend.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>the best staff amazing place to be I have not been away, For awhile, what a remember when walking of the bus from the airport to the resort, i was amased the place is beauitful, the staff outstanding, the service i could not belive, but the food could have been abit better, i miss the friends i met there and im planning to go many more times......go check it out....look for Fernando hes with the entertainment staff....tell him ,Waz up!  
<Date>Mar 26, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awesome vacation!! Wow...I read the reviews on this site and I expected everything in this hotel to be awful because of all the complaints about it. But I am happy to say that I have nothing to complain about! I will start with the flight down and then go from there. I am a 21 year old college student and I traveled to Punta Cana by myself and met my two roommates down there. If you go, be sure to have a passport or birth certificate with a raised seal because I was forced to leave 2 days later than my friends because I didn't have one and was unaware of that fact until the last minute. But everything went smoothly and I got there with no problem. When I got to the airport, I got through it very quickly and easily, until I tried to get a ride to my hotel. Lucky for me, my parents called the travel agency and arranged for a ride to be there waiting for me, which was awesome. I was so excited to see the man standing there with my name on a card, like in the movies. :) The ride to the hotel was a great experience, about half and hour and I really got to see the Dominican lifestyle, which I really appreciated. The HotelBreezes Punta Cana is one of the most gorgeous hotels that I have ever seen! There are flowers everywhere and it is maintained very well. I had no problem checking in and my friends met me in the lobby. Our room was average sized, but we hardly spent any time there, so why should that matter? The beds were comfortable and our view from the balcony was very pretty. Our room was in a quiet location but we were not far from all the action. The Pool and Beach These areas were so pretty and relaxing, but there should have been more chairs because we had a difficult time finding 3 together around the pool at times. But it wasnt a problem, we would go eat or something and come back and find them. In the morning there was yoga and aerobics classes, then siesta time was from 12-3 and nothing was going on. At 3, the entertainment staff would come out and begin silly games and really get all the tourists involved. My friends and I participated in the games and had a blast. They had dance lessons and other things going on and the entertainment staff was excellent. They made you feel like they wanted you there, which was a nice feeling. They could be a little much at times, but all in all it was a lot of fun to be around them. The beach was stunningly beautiful with warm white sand and crystal blue water. A quick walk down the beach brought us to the flea market where we became expert bargainers. We brought home many Dominican paintings and Taino art and wood carvings and it was really nice to be able to bring a piece of their culture home with us. My boyfriend went to the Bahamas for spring break and he said that there wasnt much of the Bahamian culture in their souveniers. Night Life Nights were my favorite part of this trip. Everyone dresses up very nicely to go to dinner and then to the bar, to the show and then off to the disco. Every night at ten there was a different show put on by the staff or people from Santo Domingo. They were big on crowd participation and everyone got involved. The drinks there are very strong, so if you don't like them strong, ask for a little alcohol, trust me, they have enough in there. The bartenders are great and very friendly. We met so many great people at night. On one side of the lobby, there is a man named Louis who plays the guitar and keyboard and sings songs that we all know and love. Louis was extremely nice and he talked to us almost every night on his break. The disco was a ton of fun, they play the same songs every night so be prepared for that. But does it really matter as long as you are having fun? No. The entertainment staff was also at the disco each night and they danced with the guests and each other. It was nice to be able to dance with men who actually know how to dance! We would pa cha cha and salsa and other Latin dances, which was awesome. After the disco closed, most people went to get something to eat at the beach bar which was open all the time. We had a lot of fun hanging out there and meeting more people. Activities We went horseback riding on the beach one morning and it was probably the most fun we had. The horses are tame and they don't go crazy and there is a leader with you at all times. He got a kick out of the 3 of us because we would get scared whenever the horse started running, but we learned quickly how to slow them down. The next day we went snorkeling on the Aquatic Tour and I highly recommend that. You drive your own little speedboats for a half an hour ride to a coral reef (following a lead staff member) and then snorkel for about 45 minutes. The reef was incredible! We saw so many types of fish and crabs and things and make sure to bring an underwater camera! My shots came out great. The staff provide you with Coke and Sprite after snorkeling to refresh you and they have water to wash your eyes out because I got salt water in my eyes very badly. The water there is all purified too, so dont worry about that. Overall, this Spring Break was absolutely wonderful. Everything about this hotel was great and we kept saying that there was nothing to complain about. Our flight home got delayed 6 hours, but that has nothing to do with the resort or the vacation itself and that was the only bad part about it. I highly recommened Breezes Punta Cana for a vacation.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't listen to all the whiners! This place kicks a** I would spend the rest of my life in Punta Cana! Breezes is awsome. I really can't believe it is a 4 star. The food is so good if you like trying different things. I bet all the people who got sick are the fat slobs who only ate the burgers all week and never tried anything new. Did you expect the food to be manufactered up like it is here? Try the passion fruit! Get reservations early like we did. I ate at all 5 restaurants and only disliked the Mexican (for bowel reasons..haha) The entertainment is so awsome (i.e. Oscar and Ambra(so sexy), who played games and taught us all the Carribean dances) Try everything at the resort cuz those excursions are fun but not necessary. I have to say Kayaking in 10 foot waves is fun but dangerous...be careful. Lots of topless girls for you perverted guys and enuf beefcakes for the ladies. The pool was clean when i was there....and ask for a Mike Tyson at the swim up bar! to you students wanting to go on grad trips...go to Breezes...Peace  
<Date>Mar 18, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awesome place! My boyfriend and I stayed for a week at LTI. The beach was wonderful, room was clean, food was good, weather absolutely perfect! My only complaint was the language barrier, as most of the help spoke only Spanish - which can be kind of crazy when you need something! Many of the help were very accomodating. We obtained our goal for a relaxing and peaceful vacation, but if you wanted night life it was available. We will definitely go back and next time will bring the kids. I highly recommend this resort as well as Punta Cana and Bavaro Beach. It was a wonderful week!****Dave  Celeste****  
<Date>Mar 17, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Ksem
<Content>Now the superclubs breezes Punta Cana I am a travel agent and I was at this hotel for a site inspection.....horrible to say the least! Half of our group was staying at this property, one of the rooms had water from the above toilet running down the walls, the hotel needs a major face lift! The walls are all cracked, the service was the worst service I have ever had. The staff was miserable not willing to help, the food was disgusting, I will not sell this property to any of my clients ever! Thank god for me, I did not get stuck staying at this hotel, I was at the Occidental Grand Flamenco... which is a great hotel with awesome service and very friendly staff. I highly recommend that you don't waste your travel time and money with the Sol de Plata or as it is now called Superclubs Punta Cana. GROSS!!!  
<Date>Mar 14, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place - good price This is a very good resort. No problems with the food. We were reluctant to go because of some stories from others at different resorts of food poisoning. I found out on the bus ride back to the airport, that all the food is produced locally in the D.R. This is definitely a 4 star place, some other resorts looked nicer, but this was definitely a good value. It had everything you needed. 4 restaurants, 4 bars, nice beach, clean nice rooms. Most of the people there did speak some form of english. It takes a little while to learn the dilect and rough english if you do not speak or understand any Spanish like me.The Italian restaurant has excellent PIZZA! The formal dining restaurant has really good food also. The buffet restaurant, well it is a buffet! They all seem to be the same at these all inclusives.One thing we thought was expensive was the excursions off the resort. WHEW! snorkelling $30, diving $47, catalina island snokeling $80, party boat $53, 4 wheelers $80, horseback riding $60, 8 wheel drive monster truck $80, safari tour $75, whale watching $120. These prices were the same at every resort though. They advertised as cheapy, cheapy. In my opinion, not so cheapy, cheapy. Those prices were per person. Jamacia 1 year ago, the prices for the same type of thing was 1/2 of Dominican Republic. I probably wont go back, but as a rule I seldom go vacationing to the same place 2 times.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>trewhitt
<Content>disabled friendly easy access to all parts for disabled guests. Disabled room was too small when travelling with 2 children but we were transferred to a bungalow which was very spacious with lovely views of the beach and sea. Buffet choice was excellent and the A La Carte restaurants surpassed expectations. The staff were very helpful and friendly especially Annette at the childrens club. All in all I could recommend this hotel to anyone but especially to the disabled or families.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Should be a 6-star! This is the best resort we've visited. We stayed 7 days - returning Jan 12th, 2003. The nightly entertainment is the best I've seen - it runs from 8:30pm until around 11:15pm. And if that's not enough for you - you can go down to the disco which runs into the wee hours of the night. The entertainment staff are incredibly friendly - and work very long hours, always with a smile on their face. The food is fabulous! The only problem is it takes forever to reserve your a-la-carte restaurants (standing in line) and once you finally get to the beginning of the line you find out they're pretty much booked solid. The reason being that the a-la-carte restaurants are too small for the size of the resort. I recommend you stand in line your first day there. But not a problem - the buffet restaurant is just as good as the a-la-cartes. The resort itself is the most beautiful resort we've seen. The views from night time are breathtaking. The only place where the hotel lacks a little is the rooms. They don't have king size beds - only 2 double beds which is a little inadequate. But just push the beds together and you've fixed that little problem. As somebody else said - WHO CARES - you're not in your room all day anyway. The beach is perfect. Yes, the waves can be a little rough - but I think that depends on the month you're there. Some months are rougher than others. But when the waves calm down, the water is as clear as Cuba. And the sand is so white and fine that it sticks to everything and actually get's into the pores on your body. As I said - this resort may only be a 4 star but in my mind it's a 6-star (and I've been to a 6-star before - Grand Lido San Souci Jamaica). We will be returning to this resort over and over - in fact I wonder if we'll ever decide to go to another resort again!  
<Date>Mar 9, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't listen to the bad reviews! My husband and I have traveled quite a bit internationally and LTI is a great bargain. The rooms are a good size, washrooms are nice and water pressure in shower was great. The only things you need to bring from home are long pants for the seafood restaurant, an iron and a wash cloth or barsoap. You will mainly live in you bathing suit and a tee shirt and a pair of shorts. The food was very good, alot of variety. Many activities by the pool and entertainment at night. The beach is beautiful!Entertainment staff is very friendly and speak about seven languages. The only negative , if it is one, would be the lack of Americans. About 75 percent of the resort is German, 20 percent French and the remaining 5 percent are Canadian and American.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A great vacation spot We just got back from a week at the Breezes and totally enjoyed it. It pretty much met or exceeded out expectations. The weather was absolutely gorgeous! It was sunny and warm everyday. The beaches where clean and beautiful! With several restaurants and bars available, you never go without a strong drink and a good meal. The service at all the bars was excellent. The service at all restaurants was very good except for the Italian restaurant. There it was very slow and some people did leave and go done stairs to the buffet. The food was good to excellent at all the restaurants. Even the buffet offered a big variety with great food. The only downside we found was that you where pretty much limited to the hotel area and any tours that you would go on. This wasn't a place where it was easy to leave the hotel and just explore the country side and towns by yourself. Most people outside the hotel speak very little English and are quite poor. The security at the hotel and the tours we went on was excellent. We never felt uncomfortable anyplace we went or stayed. Overall this is not only a great place to go but a great bargain as well.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>loved the LTI Punta Cana Beach Resort We just returned March 1 from a week long stay. I traveled with my husband , 6 yr old daugher and 9 yr old son. We booked a family suite and it was fabulous. A separate room with a twin bed and a pull out chair, main room had a king size bed. Just perfect. The staff went out of their way to provide what you wanted and while we are somewhat picky eaters there was plenty of food to choose from. The a la carte restrauant we found to be wonderful. We did order three meals off the menu which did cost extra ($50) but the food was excellent. All of the staff are excellent with the children. The only drawback for the kids was that it seemed that 90% of the guests spoke French, Spanish or German but they did learn to use sign language. The kids club is a little disorganized. I highly recommend the Trailblazers horseback trip. Don't waste your money on the Lobster!  
<Date>Mar 4, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I hated to leave this place! Everything about this resort was great: the beach, the pool, the room, the food, and especially the staff! We enjoyed the daily activities at the beach and the pool. We also were able to get some alone time together and found quiet when we needed it. The food at every restaurant on site was great and the variety was awesome. There was entertainment every night- if you could stay awake for it after a fabulous day in the sun...!  
<Date>Mar 2, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a great place! Feb 19 - 26 2003I had a really great time there. This was my first trip to the DR and I will be going back for sure. The resort is very clean and the staff was very helpful and friendly. The rooms were probably average, but who cares? This is a BEACH resort. The food was great and there was always lots of it. I am 37 and NOT the disco type and this resort was a glove fit for us. The entertainment during the day and at night was fun and humorous. After being there I must say that I don't give a hoot how many stars the place had. It was clean, the people friendly, the food was good and I had a great time.If I were to put my finger on something negitive it would have to be the French Canadian people. They are so rude and are always the ones writting negitve reviews on the web. What a bunch of babies!!!  
<Date>Feb 28, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>couldnt recommend this hotel more highly. Our Fortnight was from 5th feb 2003 till 20th feb, We took our 4 year old with us.The food was excellent and the selection so vast that you could never get bored. The Rooms were more than adequate although servicing of the rooms was a little erratic at times this wasnt enough to spoil anything.You would go a long way to beat the facilities here with everything from Ice skating, Trapeze, Trampoline, Kids Club, Rock Climbing to Watersports.The selection of Drinks was excellent and all of the staff were very friendly and helpful.The Cleanliness of the hotel could not be beaten, there were staff cleaning 24 hours a day and we never saw rubbish or leaves floating in the pool despite its size.Overall we had a brilliant fortnight and would go back again without hesitation, I could not recommend this hotel more highly.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2003
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Opinion on Breezes My Wife and I travel to the caribean every year and chose this resort because we often bring our two boys and it looked good for a family . The positives are resort has potential and the kids activities are very good, my 12 year old loved the trapeeze and rock wall. The live bands are good the staff was friendly and we met a lot of nice people. The down side was the management just does not seem to be up to speed yet. Compared to other places we have stayed like the Iberostar the food and service was below standard. We did not not get the room we paid for, the pool was huge but dirty, the food average at best. If they could address these issues, and they could if they want to this would be a good place to stay although my 12 year old loved it we won't go back . Also the beach has great sand but I personally look for very calm water and you won't find that here , stay a few miles up by the Barcelo or Club Med if you want the calm caribean water, if you like to play in the waves this is a good place. We actually switched to club med the last few days and the service, beach and food was much better but Breezes had more going on at night . I would go back to Punta Cana but find it is tough to beat the Playa Del Carmen- Mexican Caribean area for the beaches, service and value.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Greatest Ever! We ended up leaving Montreal at 6:30 pm on a Saturday and finally arrived at Breezes at 2:00 am since we dropped off a few people at 2 different hotels before. Once arrived at Breezes the services was ok. We checked in and decided to head straight to our room since it was really late. The lobbies and around areas are great, really well designed; I was stunned by the beauty of this hotel. But, once we got in our room, which was on the lower lever 0) it was a big disapointment. One of the beds wasn't made, the fridge had only 1 coke (no water or beer), no kleenex, no lock for the safe was available at the front desk and hardly enough towels. Then, was the worst; we found 4 insects in the past hour. I was not happy at all. I immediately advised the hotel personnel to get me a new room at a higher level and that I would not sleep in dirty room. They then told me everything was overbooked. I then asked to speed with the night supervisor and he was really helpful. He wrote everything down so his day staff would get us a new room. Dring...dring...it's 8:00 am and they found a new room for us. Yey! So happy! This room was much better. Very Clean and I only found 1 insect!!! The entertainment at this hotel is the best. I had the best time in my life. The water and the beach is really really beautiful. The food is excellent and have a lot of variety. I enjoyed my 7 nights and I will never forget my stay here. I'd recommend this hotel to everyone, it's the best. Everything you need is right there. Staff people are very friendly and you get your money worth. I give it a 4 out of 5!!! Even if my first night went wrong, the rest was just magnificiant. Little suggestion: The Catamaran ride is really great, but the bus trip is long. So if you don't like taking a long ride, don't take this excursion. But, on the plus side, you get to see part of the city and mountains, very beautiful scenary!! Two thumbs up!!  
<Date>Feb 18, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Be Careful!!! The resort was lovely, clean and pleasurable. We had a wonderful stay. HOWEVER, upon leaving, someone from the front desk of the hotel took my fiance's credit card number and spent over $1000.00. After our vacation, we spent a few days back-tracking to make sure that none of our other cards/bank accounts were used. Neither the hotel, or our travel company did anything to accomodate us. My advice, use pesos and travelers checks. The only place we used the card was at the front desk of the hotel, so be weary of the staff. But, don't let it ruin your time, Punta Cana is beautiful!  
<Date>Feb 10, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loves this RESORT   showReview(854874, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 9, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>sick but the beach was beautiful   showReview(854772, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 9, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nothing worse than getting sick onVaca.   showReview(852350, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 3, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DCB402
<Content>Nice time at LTI Resort   showReview(847406, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 26, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>no service bad food no room   showReview(838517, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 19, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Building site !   showReview(830740, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 2, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Value!   showReview(828137, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 26, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>LTI - Absolutely Incredible!   showReview(739713, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 6, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Awful...   showReview(644536, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 30, 2002
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hola LTI Sol de Plata Beach Resort and Villas   showReview(415078, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 4, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Robbie0
<Content>Quel Voyage formidable, poustouflant...       La piscine I  
<Date>Jan 9, 2009
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sushi13
<Content>Agrable sjour       vue sur la plage  partir de la terrasse du El Mirador  
<Date>Jan 7, 2009
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	5	4	

<Author>MiSS-VOYAGE-007
<Content>QUE DU BON !       La Plage !!  
<Date>Dec 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>bordua007
<Content>tres belles vacances familliale       mur d'escalade  
<Date>Dec 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>Mango977
<Content>Trs bon htel       Buffet Noel 5  
<Date>Dec 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	2	4	4	2	4	4	

<Author>aminam
<Content>Un mondo a parte.........   showReview(22999997, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 25, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>Josie225
<Content>Une mchante dbarque   showReview(22893211, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 21, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	5	2	3	1	1	

<Author>Dvoorak
<Content>trs beau sjour   showReview(22866953, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 20, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bizz1er
<Content>Hotel bas de gamme et dcevante       bloc 2 rnov  
<Date>Dec 17, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	1	-1	3	

<Author>Lorchia
<Content>Una vacanza di assoluto relax   showReview(22480267, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>magnumRoma
<Content>Bello l'albergo attenzione ai tour operator   showReview(22222422, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 26, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	3	4	2	4	

<Author>Paso_por
<Content>Me encanto!!!!!!!!!       vista desde el comedor  
<Date>Nov 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	3	5	3	

<Author>MonicaTrento
<Content>La mia vacanza perfetta       Spiaggia  
<Date>Nov 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>CAROO99
<Content>Magnifique   showReview(21341100, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>guiabogota
<Content>exelente servicio       las mejores vacaciones  
<Date>Oct 15, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>observadoralima
<Content>Mal hotel linda playa   showReview(20789246, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 10, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	3	2	3	2	2	

<Author>red_1982
<Content>Un parasiso desperdiciado   showReview(20752044, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 9, 2008
<Rating>3	4	5	3	5	3	4	2	

<Author>saneva
<Content>me gusto mucho       la playa  
<Date>Oct 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>joseCastellon
<Content>mejor imposible   showReview(20405182, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>camiflor
<Content>Peor ... imposible   showReview(20277988, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 22, 2008
<Rating>1	2	-1	2	1	3	-1	-1	

<Author>chapinuruguayo
<Content>Muy buena experiencia, el mejor hasta ahora   showReview(20173333, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 18, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Totti82
<Content>Un hotel excelente, sin duda uno de los mejores   showReview(20102454, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Nikonancy
<Content>A Eviter sauf premier sjour...   showReview(19857351, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 7, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	4	1	4	2	1	

<Author>lolita03
<Content>CALOR GENERAL GRAN PROBLEMA   showReview(19628321, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	5	5	3	5	5	

<Author>merengue94
<Content>tres bof pour un hotel 4 etoiles   showReview(19415869, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	1	4	4	3	

<Author>Supernai
<Content>Servicio lento, muy malo habitaciones pesimas   showReview(19214085, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>2	1	1	3	1	1	1	1	

<Author>chin72
<Content>q decepcion de hotel   showReview(19206159, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Zary
<Content>Un desastre completo       Moho del cabecero de la cama  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>granadiino
<Content>cucarachas en los servicos   showReview(19049821, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 17, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	2	3	1	3	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Es war nicht schlecht   showReview(22943096, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jbgo
<Content>no me quejo nunca de nada y lo tolero todo pero este hotel es pesimo   showReview(18912585, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>2	2	-1	2	2	1	2	3	

<Author>malou24
<Content>Premires vacances dans les caraibes russies   showReview(18873412, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	4	4	

<Author>Beton87
<Content>Leer Esto Es muy sincero   showReview(18757926, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 8, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	1	3	2	4	1	

<Author>FabiolaLaPaz_Bolivia
<Content>Buen hotel para ir con nios   showReview(18727017, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	1	3	3	

<Author>Victoria_Spain
<Content>No es un hotel de 5 estrellas   showReview(18563784, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 3, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	2	2	1	2	3	

<Author>Barcelo-no-gracias
<Content>Demasiadas estrellas, mal Hotel       el dispensador de gel  
<Date>Aug 2, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	3	2	1	1	2	

<Author>estrellam83
<Content>las 5 estrellas donde estan???   showReview(18493954, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 1, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	3	2	1	1	3	

<Author>sun25
<Content>tres belle vacance   showReview(18462880, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 31, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	3	2	5	

<Author>BeachLover1234
<Content>Ouf! Quel semaine...   showReview(18299218, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 27, 2008
<Rating>2	3	1	5	3	1	4	-1	

<Author>1MALAGA
<Content>D'ondo est'an las 5 estrellas que me vendieron?   showReview(18164363, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 23, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>trippalsugo
<Content>una vacanza di puro relax       giardini barcel  
<Date>Jul 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	4	2	4	2	4	

<Author>LADYBORICUA
<Content>Es Maravilloso un paraiso       Entrada al teatro  
<Date>Jul 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>robkar
<Content>Trs bien?Mais attention !       Chambre dans le bloc 2  
<Date>Jul 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	2	4	3	2	

<Author>marialejandra
<Content>Operadores desinformados   showReview(17377489, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	4	5	2	

<Author>Sammytopr
<Content>Tremendo lugar para pasarla en Familia   showReview(16804993, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>monix82
<Content>wow!!!       la spiaggia dell'hotel  
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	3	3	4	

<Author>Gobelet
<Content>Trs Trs Bien ...       Rception  
<Date>May 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	2	4	-1	

<Author>indhirabm
<Content>Mas Bueno que Malo       Nuestra Habitacion 7406  
<Date>May 9, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	5	4	3	4	1	

<Author>galedo
<Content>Rien  dire       Une partie de l'htel vue sur la mer. on tait en haut. En bas c'est le buffet.  
<Date>May 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>heyMilan
<Content>semplicemente meraviglioso!       piscine naturali  
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>ErikaQu_bec
<Content>Super endroit pour pogner la piqre!!!!!       1 des 2 piscine (ici la plus neuve) trs joli  
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	5	3	4	3	

<Author>brindillePicardie
<Content>trs beau complexe htelier       la plage ,  gauche de l'htel  
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>2joyeuxvoyageur
<Content>Super exprience wWOW   showReview(15078384, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	3	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>halleyleti
<Content>Vacanza da favola       Saona  
<Date>Apr 16, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>GPLA
<Content>Ne vaut pas le prix demand!   showReview(14949071, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 10, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	3	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>puce00
<Content>Fantastique et n'oublier pas que vous tes en vacances!!!!   showReview(14919413, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 9, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>VincenzoMTL
<Content>J'ai aim le Barcelo       la plage  
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	5	

<Author>Kat91
<Content>EXCEPTIONNEL   showReview(14893004, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>surferLaval
<Content>excellent choix   showReview(14871653, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kabouMm
<Content>Ne pas avoir peur !   showReview(14856274, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	3	4	

<Author>Marie-Jos
<Content>pas une trs bonne exprience,...       vue de notre chambre,...  
<Date>Apr 5, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	1	1	1	

<Author>kevenb
<Content>barcelo premium   showReview(14807334, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	2	5	5	

<Author>josieLaval
<Content>Fire de mon choix :)       restau japonais: le TOKYO  
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	4	5	

<Author>orakle
<Content>todo bien   showReview(14680757, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Didel
<Content>Barcelo Punta Cana, un excellent choix!       Vue de notre chambre section 7  
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>marcochuck
<Content>Superbe hotel !!!       vue de notre chambre 7310  
<Date>Mar 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>Deepdiveguy
<Content>Juste.....Excellent...       Bar Piscine Barcelo  
<Date>Mar 22, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Jasse13
<Content>Excellent       piscine  
<Date>Mar 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>yoneidy
<Content>un bonito lugar   showReview(14352207, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	3	-1	2	4	3	

<Author>senoraOntario
<Content>Des vacances de rve!       vue sur une des deux piscines  
<Date>Mar 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>Sevygaud
<Content>Trs beau Resort, Bonne nourriture       Excellente Plage  
<Date>Mar 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	3	5	4	

<Author>ma_cocotte
<Content>Hotel Mdiocre/Plage fantastique   showReview(14172827, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 9, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	2	1	1	1	2	

<Author>_So_RiveNorddeMtl
<Content>Le paradis!!!       Vue de notre chambre  
<Date>Mar 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>labine
<Content>Chambres et services dcevants   showReview(14073058, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 5, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	2	3	4	

<Author>pioupiou88
<Content>le reve!!!   showReview(14042456, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>QuebecYan
<Content>Merveilleux Hotel   showReview(13845568, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	5	5	

<Author>Vieuxsos
<Content>Superbe Vacances       uglo notre chef au resto tokio  
<Date>Feb 17, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>soleil87
<Content>Je n'hsiterais pas  y retourner   showReview(13522957, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	4	

<Author>voiture_antiques
<Content>Premier voyage et pas le dernier       Encore de mon balcon chambre 6212  
<Date>Feb 8, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Emilie82
<Content>Coin de paradis       paysage vue du bateau(Marinarium)  
<Date>Feb 3, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	3	5	5	

<Author>thekid22
<Content>Quelles Belles Vacances !!   showReview(13204540, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 2, 2008
<Rating>5	4	2	3	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Frimonides
<Content>No esta mal ...   showReview(13144837, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 31, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	3	2	2	2	3	

<Author>Ladyane
<Content>Bien dans l'ensemble (20 au 27 janvier 2008)   showReview(13064211, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 28, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>titimousse
<Content>Quelques lacunes   showReview(12612661, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 14, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	3	3	4	

<Author>coucoureb
<Content>Bien mais avec certaines nuances       animation  
<Date>Dec 26, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	5	5	2	5	5	

<Author>gozura
<Content>que dire de plus que .....fantastique       encore la plage  
<Date>Dec 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	-1	5	5	5	

<Author>OROZ
<Content>Genial para ir con nios       La piscina del Bavaro Caribe  
<Date>Dec 9, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	5	4	3	5	3	

<Author>indiaBarceloneta
<Content>Estuvo regular   showReview(10842850, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 15, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>urbanguy_rd
<Content>Un Hotel con muchos problemas!!       Jabonera rota  
<Date>Nov 5, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	4	1	4	1	-1	

<Author>val007
<Content>Que de plaisirs !   showReview(10429884, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 29, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bonne qualit de service mais quipements  amliorer   showReview(11665176, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 10, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Cadiviki
<Content>Htel dcevant   showReview(10009436, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 26, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	4	3	1	2	-1	

<Author>AirborneQc
<Content>Trs Trs Bien   showReview(8863966, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Antonio_Ruiz
<Content>El peor de los 8 hoteles en los que he estado en el Caribe   showReview(8602698, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 1, 2007
<Rating>1	2	2	5	1	1	1	1	

<Author>magaly713
<Content>Bonito hotel y barato       parte del edificio y del patio del resort  
<Date>Aug 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>ludmilia
<Content>Un hotel de pesadilla, si se os ocurra hospedados alli   showReview(8522375, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 28, 2007
<Rating>1	1	-1	3	1	2	-1	-1	

<Author>DeniseQc
<Content>parfait   showReview(8509341, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 26, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Gen94
<Content>Trs bien, au-dessus des esprances!   showReview(8465849, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	3	4	3	4	

<Author>Sofss
<Content>No es un gran hotel, pero la playa merece la pena   showReview(8456604, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	3	2	-1	

<Author>mac001
<Content>La plage...quoi de mieux!   showReview(8396425, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 11, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>diablo7
<Content>Inoubliable       une petite vue d'une partie du site  
<Date>Jul 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Grandevoyageuse
<Content>Vacances familiales formidables   showReview(7956433, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>kata75
<Content>Vacances mmorables!   showReview(7556541, 'full');   
<Date>May 7, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>natbou
<Content>Tout est parfait !!!               
<Date>Apr 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>yoshiHalifax
<Content>Incroyablement magique!   showReview(7364106, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	2	4	5	

<Author>verruckter
<Content>Tout simplement super       La Plage vue de notre balcon  
<Date>Mar 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>Race
<Content>Trs belle vacances   showReview(6917197, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 5, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Lupiano
<Content>En gnrale tres bien   showReview(6908724, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Christy30
<Content>Superbe mais bruyant!   showReview(6788765, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 14, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	2	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>ourson
<Content>Tres beau site   showReview(6779016, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 11, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	4	5	

<Author>MayaLoup
<Content>Beau site, mais, tous malade   showReview(6751323, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 6, 2007
<Rating>3	2	3	4	2	3	3	4	

<Author>toxon
<Content>Hotel dcevante... plusieurs niveaux...   showReview(6628386, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 20, 2007
<Rating>2	3	3	2	3	2	1	3	

<Author>Krysbee
<Content> vos risques et prils   showReview(6175481, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 25, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	3	3	2	

<Author>Soleildusud
<Content>Superbe de tres belle vacances.......       Tous ensemble au souper  
<Date>Oct 24, 2006
<Rating>4	4	2	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>BARKO45
<Content>Dcevant...       Tous ensemble au souper  
<Date>Oct 24, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	3	4	3	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Belles vacances familiales       Plage 1  
<Date>Jul 17, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Amusant,  voir!!   showReview(5028323, 'full');   
<Date>May 2, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Un coin de paradis   showReview(4475586, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 21, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

