<Author>Canadian-Beagle
<Content>Agreed - No Wow Factor While I have little complaints about the hotel and would happily go back, I agree with the previous poster that something was missing. It is not as if anything was poorly done, but similarly nothing was exceptionally done. The property seems much more like a condominium residence than, say, the Chicago Four Seasons which also has condos. I did not find this to be positve.That being said, breakfasts and dinner were both very good. The rooms, while nothing particularly special, were of a completely acceptable standard. The location was very good. The staff was what you would expect from the Four Seasons - very good to excellent.The gym is a huge public facility which I did not find appealing. I much prefer the intimacy of a smaller gym that is only available to hotel guests. The touches that you expect from the Four Seasons do not exist in this gym (such as fruit, juices, newspapers, etc.). As contrasted to Washington, Chicago or New York, I very much disliked this gym.All in all, a nice stay but not a terribly memorable one.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ghwalker
<Content>Solid experience and usual FS standards - and price We moved here after an awful experience at Hotel Monaco and were grateful to get in for the three nights we stayed. The hotel is located in the middle of SF on Market St, which was very central for all of the sights and good restaurants. I'm sure there are other more trendy areas of SF to stay, but this was ideal for getting to all the places we wanted to. Service was impeccable and reliable - all our requests were accomodated and we were shown a couple of different rooms on check-in. We found Market Street typical of SF - quite noisy - and it was nice to be 10 stories or so up - good view and relatively quiet. Rooms are not the most impressive of the FS I have stayed at but decent size and very acceptable. Public areas nice and bar okay but nothing special compared to other FS. Concierge hugely helpful and everything felt relaxed - what you pay for with FS. I'm sure there are plusher and more trendy hotels in SF - and possibly better value. But there are certaintly far worse in our experience and the FS did everything it says on the tin. You simply don't have to worry about poor room, poor location, poor service or stress. Solid but expensive - but you won't go far wrong.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>dgely
<Content>Not a Wow! I expected more from a Four Seasons. Yes the service was great, and the hotel is immaculate but I wasn't wowed as I would have expected from a Four Seasons. The hotel rooms were bland and decorated very business like. They were very clean and pretty but not spectacular. The staff was very attentive and the location was close to the convention center and shopping. We enjoyed our stay and cannot fault the hotel in anyway but it lacked the WOW factor. I guess you can say I was somewhat unimpressed.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>rikfex
<Content>The best experience First and foremost, Four Seasons Hotels are the best in the world. I've been to most of the Four Seasons properties in California. This time it was for my honeymoon. My wife and I drove up on a Sunday afternoon after having spent our wedding night at the Four Seasons in Santa Barbara. When we arrived to San Francisco property, we were so warmly greeted by the door staff. Check-in was a breeze. When we made it up to our room, we had an amazing view. Our room faced market street and we couldn't have asked for a better room. As soon as we settled in, we went down to the concierge desk to ask if there was any place for a quick snack since we had been driving and had not stopped to eat. The concierge staff was so knowledgeable and helpful right off the bat. They recommended us trying the food court at the Westfield Mall Just a block away. By far the best food court in any mall. The best part was, its not your typical mall food. No panda express here. Unique eateries of all sorts. This was just the first day. The wonderful staff continued to amaze us. Our second day we planned on seeing a concert at a local venue. The concierge helped us get tickets to the sold out show. have a cab waiting for us to drop us off and then pick us up. We were so happy of how they took care of us. Every day and every restaurant that they recommended was absolutely amazing. I would absolutely recommend this hotel to everyone. I could keep going and going about how wonderful the stay was but i would rather people go check it out for themselves.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>FrequentBizTraveler9
<Content>Solid hotel, but there are much better Four Seasons We stayed here for 2 nights and it was a pleasant stay. The service was top notch as expected at a Four Seasons but we had a few issues. The room was a king bed; nothing special at all but nice. We were on the 11th floor with a city view and we were stunned at the level of noise. It is literally like the traffic is just outside your window - i had to check twice whether a window was open. I cannot believe that there are not doube paned glass windows. Try to get a floor as high as possible and perhaps the noise won't be so bad or stay away from a room facing Market street. The front entrance is ridiculous and it would have been nice to know that you cannot park out in front but in the rear of the hotel in a bit of a convulated path to get there. On Friday night, we stood in line for a taxi or house car and we waited for over 30 minutes while the incompetent doorman gave our vehicles away time and time again causing us to be late for dinner. That really soured our experience.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>fberkeley
<Content>Four Reasons to Rethink Four Seasons OK, all the good Four Seasons stuff is here in this relatively new outpost in the City by the Bay. But ... there are some issues:(1) Believe it or not, this hotel has rooms with twin beds! I thought twin beds went out with Lucy and Ricky in the 50's. What were they thinking?(2) The hotel publishes its address as 757 Market Street. But don't dare try to do anything with a car at the Market Street entrance. Management should put much more user-friendly information on its web site about how to arrive by car -- it is convoluted.(3) Once you find the right place to take your car, the parking is awful. At $52 per night, it is a rip-off. And if you agree to pay that extortion, you should expect perfection, but that's not what you get. During our stay, the billing was mishandled, leading to a frustrating delay on departure.(4) The hotel's Business Center is also not user-friendly. Most hotels allow access via your room key. Not here. You have to go the the front desk and beg them to let you in. Try to print a boarding pass? Plan to pay $15. (It can actually be done for free, but not if you follow the posted instructions.) Bottom line: nice hotel. Needs to fix the above.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>octraveler08
<Content>would go back in a heartbeat! My daughter and I spent a weekend here in mid-August and could not have asked for a better experience. It was perfect for the type of fun, getaway trip we were looking for. From the moment we arrived, the hotel staff greeted us warmly and made us feel very welcome. Although we arrived in the morning, our room was ready for us. Our corner room was very large, clean and airy, with lots of windows, plenty of light, a huge flat-screen tv (on which we saw Michael Phelps win his 8th medal in Beijing) and great amenities. The concierge was outstanding, especially Bonita, who provided us with invaluable advice for the short time we were there and always-perfect dining recommendations (no small feat in a town famous for its eateries). If you stay here, it would be a shame if you didn't take advantage of the exceptional concierge service. In fact, every staff member we encountered, from the cleaning staff to the valets to the reception desk, greeted us cheerfully and went out of their way to help us and make us feel welcome. In terms of customer service, this was truly a real Four Seasons experience, and this is what sets this hotel apart from many in this city.The location was ideal for what we wanted: on Market street steps away from the San Francisco MOMA and all the shopping we could fit in (on the street and in the Westfield mall), and within walking distance of the Ferry building (where the exceptional Farmer's market is held on Thurs and Sat).If we have the opportunity, we will definitely stay here again, no question about it!  
<Date>Sep 28, 2008
<Rating>5	3	-1	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>ktleyed
<Content>Great location, loved our stay We spent six nights at the Four Seasons last week and loved our stay. It was our first time at a Four Seasons as a family and we were treated very well - no problems. I used to be a meeting planner and have stayed in grand hotels and done plenty of site inspections and am used to the best and I am very picky. I considered this a very nice city hotel, but nothing grand about it, and the outside is down right grim with it's gray facade. I also found it a pain to get to the driveway with our car manoevring the SF streets to get onto Stevenson instead of Market. But these things were minor in the grand scheme of things.We arrived early and they were able to get our room ready for us by 12pm so we didn't have to wait long at all, which was much appreciated. The front desk people were very polite and welcoming. Perhaps it was because I was friendly to them as well. You'll get better service if you treat people nicely and smile. The lobby was very nice, although, I did find that being on the 5th floor and the separate elevators to get down to the ground level irksome after a while. Two steps every time instead of one. Our room was clean and well maintained and high up with a nice view overlooking Market Street and Grant. Just what I'd expect from a city hotel. It was large and we still had plenty of space even with a King bed and a cot. I never heard any noise or voices from any other rooms - very quiet. Large bathroom and great soaking tub and separate shower. Sleek, simple yet understated elegant decor throughout as you'd expect from a Four Seasons. It's not like a Ritz if that's what you're after.All the service staff who we met were cordial and did a great job cleaning and preparing the room for the night with slippers, straightening up and replenishing the towels and ice. Cabs were sometimes hard to get at night, so if we were close enough to walk, we usually did or went across to O'Farrell and got a cab ourselves, which was faster if there was a line for a cab (as was the case at the dinner hour.)We loved having our breakfast everyday in the dining room and didn't think the service slow at all. It was leisurely - we were on vacation - we didn't want to be rushed, it was just right in my opinion. The coffee was awful, so I switched to pots of tea daily, but the juice was constantly replenished and the fruit plate was amazing. Unfortunately, the toast was always lukewarm, never enough to melt butter on and we were charged for bacon that we never got one day, but when I pointed it out on the bill, they were very apologetic and corrected the bill immediately. One day we opted for room service with breakfast and they forgot my son's yogurt with his fruit plate, but otherwise it was exactly as I ordered. Service was excellent and at the time I ordered it for. Meticulous set up in our room and it was taken away shortly after I called to have it removed once we were finished. Just as I would expect from a Four Seasons.The health club was great, as was the ladies locker room - a real bonus with a sauna and steam room. I was there at various times of the day, and never was it very crowded. Tons of classes to choose from that are free as well. Plus, when you sign in to the club, the Four Seasons gives you free water and headphones for the machines. Water was also provided gratis at the valet parking when going out for the day. These little freebies left us with a lasting impression, I didn't feel nickle and dimed. In fact, upon check out when I reviewed the bill (habit from my meeting planning days) there were no surprises, it was just what I expected, with no hidden or unexpected expenses. In fact in came in under what I had estimated. We took advantage of the summer special of one free night with every two paid nights. Between that and the complimentary breakfasts for two daily, we had a huge savings! It was one of the reasons why I chose this hote in the first place over the one of the other grande dame hotels in town. The car valets were especially friendly to us and got to know us over time. Tiny gift shop, but they have razors which is all we needed during our stay.All in all, we had a really pleasant experience at the Four Seasons although I think I expected something on a grander scale. Still, the location was great, close to Union Square, lots of good restaurants and shopping at the Westfield Mall. I would imagine for a modern city hotel and a business traveler this is tops, but if you're looking for major pampering or a grand hotel, don't stay here.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>frangipani7
<Content>Upscale hotel, but nothing really special My husband and I stayed at the Four Seasons San Francisco for a long weekend in August (3 nights). I am comparing it to the other urban Four Seasons hotels we have stayed at over the past couple of years as well as to the other San Francisco hotels we've stayed at recently. The lobby of this hotel is on the 5th floor. You enter into a nondescript ground floor space, take one elevator up to the lobby, and then have to move to a second bank of elevators across the lobby to get to your room. No quick and easy exits from this hotel, and that got irritating fast. The lobby and public spaces were elegant, but there was no wow factor like in so many other Four Seasons hotels. When we checked in we were upgraded to a view room, which was generous and appreciated. However, the view is not much - just looking out to Market Street and up Grant Street. No San Francisco landmarks were in sight. (Compare this to the view room we were upgraded to in Sydney, which looked out at the harbor, bridge, and opera house). I wouldn't recommend paying more for a view room in San Francisco.Our room was nice - comfy bed, good linens, flat screen television, soaking tub, etc . But really it was no nicer than the room at the Le Meridien San Francisco that we stayed in about 18 months ago (which was half the price). Breakfast was included in our rate. This was the first Four Seasons we've stayed at without a breakfast buffet. Their buffets are usually impressive (as well as being fast) so that was a disappointment. We ate breakfast in the restaurant the first morning and the service was painfully slow. We ordered breakfast in our room the next two mornings and it was delivered ~15 minutes late both times.The staff were professional and helpful in our interactions with them, but - due to the way the hotel is set up - it was mainly just the doormen that we encountered. This hotel offers a pretty anonymous experience, which some might prefer, I guess.We had to pay for internet in our room (per usual) but this Four Seasons also charged for use of the business center, which was unusual and unwelcome.One big perk at this hotel is that guests have access to the Sports Club LA, a large gym with a junior olympic sized pool. Much better than your typical hotel fitness room!All in all we weren't that impressed and I don't think we would choose to stay here again, not with so many other options available.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>HuarenToronto
<Content>Fantastic hotel but ... This hotel is consistently well maintained. Lots of room in the lobby, lots of options to eat, great access to a very comprehensive separate gym, and good staff. Problem is if you are here for anything other than business and you're not of the SF's elite, you will be looked down upon by other guests. Not the hotel's problem, but it does make you feel like you don't belong - if you're not of that grouping. The hotel room was fantastic (was in an exe suite) with lots of room and a better Four Seasons product than many others (including Toronto, Vancouver and Singapore). Enjoyable stay and excellent location to get to most places in SF. Highly recommend this place.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>sjrbt
<Content>Fantastic Hotel--Fantastic Service       How the Golden Gate Bridge looks when the fog rolls in  
<Date>Jul 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>second row
<Content>Class Act I guess its all been written but this is a very ,very good hotel.Not just the general quality of location,rooms,pool, service,concierge etc but they also go the extra mile.Bottle of Champagne and choc dipped strawberries in the room on arrival for my wifes birthday. I understand that are planning to upgrade the rooms(floor by flloor) soon.I am not sure if this will be money well spent?It is so good already .Never mind the bank balance its great value.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>vanderluyden
<Content>Enchanting! Our first choice on our California tour, how nice to land and have a perfect hotel to go to!  Everything was perfect, the location, the room, the ambient, the service, the view, and the quality of food! Really up to expectations: If I really have to find a fault is the coffee: not the best!What else to add? Difficult to add to perfection!  
<Date>Jul 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Spacrawler
<Content>Impeccable... All the accolades are true about the FS San Francisco! I loved every minute I was there. Great location on Market Street, large, cool, pubic areas, peaceful guest rooms with butter yellow walls and green carpets. Silky, smooth bed linens and large thirsty bath towels! Great bathroom, great service, as clean as can be.The property is attached to a large sports club with a pool, workout gym, spa treatments, and a salon. Very convenient!I only had breakfast at Seasons restaurant; for my money (and I was on a breakfast inclusive package) room service was better. They were very generous with portions.This was my first trip to SF in about thirty years, and my stay at the Four Seasons made it truly memorable. I wouldn't even consider staying at another hotel when I return!  
<Date>Jun 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>hgarrett7
<Content>Great Hotel for a Special Occasion I can't say enough good things about our stay at this hotel. The staff was very attentive. I mentioned when I made the reservation that we were staying at the hotel for my boyfriend鈥檚 birthday and they gave us a room on the end that had windows on three sides of the room! We had views of Market St., the Bay, and the Ball Park. They also had some birthday cake waiting in the room for my boyfriend when we arrived. Throughout the stay the service remained just as good. It was a great weekend in the city and I would definitely recommend The Four Seasons for a great stay to celebrate a special occasion.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>peggyplee
<Content>Great Hotel and best High Tea in San Francisco This is an outstanding hotel. I was there with an incentive group. Service was amazing and the High Tea in the afternoon is the best.  
<Date>May 22, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LuxPlorer
<Content>Best business hotel in SF Stayed here many times on business between 2003 and 2007. I have also been to other downtown SF hotels (Mandarin, Omni, W) and the Four Seasons is hands-down the winner. Beautiful rooms with all the expected amenities, efficient staff, and the best room-service hamburger ever!  
<Date>Feb 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Colokev
<Content>So nice....and so clean! My husband and I just returned from a stay in SF at the Four Seasons. The hotel was great! The staff are helpful and courteous and the rooms were so clean. We couldn't get over how clean everything was. The location is great too. It's easy to get to any neighborhood in the city. Sure, a few blocks away is sort of scary but it's really not bad at all...it is a city after all. We stayed in a city view room with floor to ceiling windows. The view is great and the hotel is so quiet and you'll get a great night sleep there!  
<Date>Feb 6, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>WellsZzz
<Content>Luxury and Style Absolute luxury and total comfort. Now this is an expensive hotel so be prepared for the room rate however if it fits your budget or is you do not have a budget this hotel is for you. We stayed three nights for a wedding and everything was first class from the room to the service to the staff with our niece's wedding. The hotel attended to every need and no request went without them taking care of it. I can say its one hotel that I could stay for a solid month. Thank You for treating us like royalty.  
<Date>Jan 17, 2008
<Rating>5	4	-1	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>BtownMom
<Content>Four Season the Best in SF! We live in Berkeley, just across the bay from San Francisco and stay in the city often to have a night off from our kids. We have stayed at the Grand Hyatt, the Palace, the Triton, the Clift and the Monacco. The Four Seasons tops them all for service, room quality, amenities, and location (we do not do the tourist thing in the city but prefer shopping and fine dining).Upon booking online we mentioned under notes that it would be our anniversary and we wanted privacy. Not only did we not hear a single person, but they also left a bottle of champagne and card.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>CruisinWorld
<Content>Great Place for Thanksgiving We drove to San Francisco from Los Angeles over Thanksgiving weekend and stayed in SF for three days and then moved on to Napa. The Four Seasons was great as usual. Wonderful room- great view - good bathroom and bedding. I would recommend The Slanted Door for a great meal and good view.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>diho
<Content>Comfortable stay at the 4 Seasons Stayed there for four nights while attending a conference at Moscone Center. Location ist excellent, Moscone Center and Union square in easy walking distance.My room was large, nicely furnished, and very clean. Bed was comfortable, almost no street noise allthough the room was facing Market street.Service was flawless.I didn't eat there or use the Gym, so can't say anything about that.The only annoying thing was, that they charge you for internet use (wired or wireless available), which for me is like charging extra for electric light. Every 30$ Motel has free wireless but this (and most other) 5 star hotel charges extra.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	4	5	4	5	2	

<Author>rsp1
<Content>Great Stay at the Four Seasons Very nice Four Seasons, well located in SF, and within walking distance of Union Square, China Town, Mosconi, etc.Service is excellent -- very helpful front desk and concierge staff and prompt room services.The guest rooms are relatively large as are the bathrooms. Beds are very comfortable. The furnishings need to be updated however -- rooms still have old cabinets with small, tube TVs (neither flat screen nor HD). I did not see a wireless signal, however there is a wired network for guests to use (annoying as you can't take laptop far from the desk).Guests benefit from an on-site Reebok/LA Fitness facility. Room service quality was excellent.I would definitely stay here again. I preferred this hotel to the W San Fran.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>UNCNorthCarolina
<Content>Service needs Improvement We stayed for one night on our way up to Napa with 2 other couples. We have stayed here before and really enjoyed the hotel. The hotel is still a great location with the best amenities, however, the service has fallen since last year. We had a late afternoon snack in the bar and the wait staff was stumbling with trying to get our drinks to us and serve the food simutaneously. The same thing happened later in the evening for cocktails. Other than that, this hotel is a great place to stay in the heart of San Francisco. We worked out in the fitness center and it was great. We ate dinner at Boulevard, a hot place in the city and the food was great!  
<Date>Nov 13, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	5	2	4	

<Author>stray
<Content>four seasons met out expecttions My husband and I stayed at the San Francisco Four Seasons for four nights. Upon check-in we were asked if we preferred smoking or non. When we told them it didn't matter, we were offered a free upgrade from the bottom room category to the next one up. We gladly accepted, and were shown to a larger room that had a sliver of a view of the Bay. The room had no odor and was fresh, bright, and immaculate.The bed and pillows were very comfortable. There were plenty of white towels in the bath as well as a seperate glass shower with a marvelous shower head. I liked that the in room frig was not one of those electronic ones, so I was able to store a few drinks without a problem. We used the concierge for several things, and they were most knowledgeable and not at all stuffy. My one room service breakfast was perfect, but quite expensive. I think it started at $22, but after all the surcharges and taxes came to over $30. All the staff we encountered were pleasant and helpful. For example, one afternoon the maid and I were in the room at the same time. I was exhausted and went to a chair to lie down. It was a little cool, so she went and got a fresh duvet cover and wrapped it around me. I slept like a babe, and didn't hear a thing she was doing.When I am able to stay at a five star hotel, I hope to be enveloped in a beautiful atmosphere, and to be well cared for. This experience met all my expectations.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>NYHoward
<Content>Wonderful Experience My brother got married on Sunday Oct 29 in a winery in Sonoma. My wife and I decided to fly in early and spend a night in San Francisco. After reading all the reviews we decided to stay Friday night Oct 26th at the Four Seasons. I booked the reservation thru their website and got a rate of $425 for a Superior Room. Themoment we arrived we new we made the right choice!The experience was first class all the way. Check in was fast and curtious. The only little complaint I had was that the room was a corner (#827) and the left and front were all windows so the TV was actually to the right of the bed which made watching in bed difficult. Not a huge issue but worth noting. The bathroom was huge, spotless and beautiful! The bed was very comfortable and the even with the 2 walls of glass, the room darkeners kept in pitch black.We ate all our meals off premises, so I can not comment on the in hotel restaurant other than it was very expensive.The location is perfect and I highly recommend the spa at the attached LA sports Club. Great massage!  
<Date>Oct 29, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ocGlobetraveler
<Content>A Fantastic Four Seasons Experience       Bed  
<Date>Oct 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>WSUaristo
<Content>Wow I stayed at the Four Seasons San Francisco from October 9th to the 11th with my wife and 19 month old daughter. I was very impressed by this hotel, and I have stayed at many 5 star hotels. First, the service was impeccable. Arrived an hour before check in, but was given the option to upgrade to a better suite for a very reasonable amount. Room was very spacious overlooking Market St. Amenities were not L'Occitane, but an Italian brand that I cannot recall. The crib that I requested was the typical 4 Seasons crib, and the complimentary doll that comes with it was of a crab. Very cute doll, but my daughter was afraid of it. The bed was spacious, but a bit too soft for me because of my back problems. Second, I must compliment room service. The food was amazingly good compared to other Four Seasons hotels. I was expecting a mediocre breakfast like that in the NY 4 Seasons, but this hotel's food was delicious. Their breakfast and all day dining selections were good, and my wife especially loved their picnic baskets. The picnic baskets were great for our city tour and our flight home. Third, the location was great. Minutes from Union Square and the Westfield San Francisco. Chinatown was not too far away and I enjoyed the atmosphere of the hotel's location. There were vagabonds and homeless people around the area, but it was not as bad as New York. The staff and security at the entrances did a good job. They knew our names, helped us to hail a cab, provided directions, and always greeted us with a smile. I enjoyed my stay because the service provided was professional without any attitude. The location was great, and the hotel was kept nicely. Would definitely visit again.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>doctorlol
<Content>Service par Excellence Having just spent a week at this superb hotel, my wife and I agree that the hotel is one of the best city hotels in which we have stayed. However what does come across is that the training given to all levels of staff is self-evident. The ethos of customer service at this hotel is taken to a new level of excellence. Well done, special note of concierge staff, they are the tip of the iceberg of the aforementioned excellence.If you get a chance to come to this eccentric city, do stay here, you will have a hotel in the best location, with rooms that have size and equipment to match the service.If you get time, visit Muir Woods and Sausalito. Travel by cable car and stand on the running board - hang on tight!Our appreciation of the hotel limo and the great public transport system was tempered by the number of drop-outs begging on the streets. Not seen in NYC.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>roar_03
<Content>3.8 out of (Four) Seasons The problem with the FS - SF is that it is a hard comparison to the other properties in the chain. I expect perfection when i stay.We spent 4 nights this past weekend. Our flight was delayed - we arrived at 2 am. Our room was ready (really thank goodness) The front desk man told us that we had a premier room. I am not sure what was premier about it.(we did have a view of market st ). For a FS the room was not large. Color scheme was neutral (a little too neutral) and the artwork on the walls was sparse. Furniture was a tiny bit worn. All these things could be overlooked at almost any other chain.The bathroom was as usual lovely. Four seasons always is the benchmark in hotel bathrooms.The public rooms are delightful. Beautifully decorated with original artworks (not all to my taste -but money was spent on it). Food at the restaurant and room service was excellent.Service was very good. My boyfriend called the concierge to find a wine store in Berkeley- 15 minutes later an envelope with directions was under our door.The location couldn't be beat. I will be staying at the FS the next time but next time with more realistic expectations.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>gusandlola
<Content>Not worth it... We stayed at The Four Seasons for two nights (9/28-9/29) and while generally the hotel was fine, we didn't really experience the great service that the other reviews raved about. We arrived 15 minutes before check-in time to find that our room was not ready, but we were told it would be ready within 15--45 minutes and that we would be upgraded. (We had originally requested non-smoking room with a king bed.) When we were shown to our room one hour later, we were given a SMOKING room (complete with several ashtrays) that was extremely small. (If this was an upgrade, I can't even imagine what our original room would have been--A utility closet?) The room was clean and comfortable, but it reeked of cigarette smoke, much like a Las Vegas hotel room. Because we had waited so long to get the room and we were only staying two nights, we decided to stick it out rather than requesting a switch.That evening while we were waiting for a cab in front of the hotel, we were pleasantly surprised when an employee ushered us to the back of the hotel to be driven to our restaurant in the hotel's town car. Unfortunately, once we made it to the area where we were supposed to enter the car, another employee apologized for the mix up, explaining that the car couldn't take us because our restaurant was outside the hotel's one-mile radius and that we would need to head back out front to try for a cab again. This was irritating, to say the least.The next day after we returned from the day's activities, we discovered that our room had not been cleaned and our breakfast dishes were still there. We called housekeeping and waited, but 30 minutes later we called again. After the second call, housekeeping arrived promptly.We did have good luck with turn down service and room service and all the staff we encountered were extremely polite.I think it was a fine place to stay in that it was clean and had a nice location, however the service was spotty and the room was small and not luxurious--For that much money I expect great service, not just average. We will not be staying there again.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>peanut_costello
<Content>Amazing Location Started our USA road trip with 4 nights in the FS San Fran  was very happy that we did. Rooms are huge even by american standards and those special little FS touches are all evident.1. Got upgraded on arrival to a corner room, not such a good view but then again I dont think many of the rooms have one.2. If you're jetlagged  up at strange hours, there is coffee  delicious little muffins on offer down near the reservations desk. 3. Location of the hotel is excellent, close to all the shops, esp a big shopping centre (West-something or other) that has a GREAT food hall in the basement with massive organic market - good alternative to eating in the hotel. 4. Bellboy recommended a winery in Napa - V. Sattui - honestly if you do no other wineries make sure you visit this one. They have a great outside area where they serve barbequed bits  bobs, you can buy all the salads / drinks / desserts from their shop. Make sure to taste their award winning Rose - I'm not a wine fan but I could have drunk that bty the gallon. 5. Have breakfast at least once in the FS, their pancakes are to die for. Plus the restaurant has a great view. Am going back next year for a wedding in SF and will definitely be booking the Four Seasons again.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>cherry_blossom_23
<Content>Excellent Service and quality I stayed at the Four Seasons in San Francisco for two nights this week and had an excellent experience. The bed was comfortable and the sheets were nice. The room was larger than I expected and had a great view of Market STreet. The breakfast I ordered was probably one of the best room service meals I've ever had and the staff was great. One of the bonuses of this hotel is access to the LA Fitness in the building which is an excellent workout center. The hotel is in a great location to reach all the shopping in Union Square. There were free coffee and mini-muffins (if you woke up early enough to get them before they were gone) in the lobby and free newspapers (WSJ and FT), as well. I'll definitely stay at this place again.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>andrea.italian
<Content>Four Seasons San Francisco... too many problems Honestly I had great expectation for the Four Season San Francisco and my stay has been not very satisfactory. Booked a typical FS Deluxe Room with a nice wiew. Small TV with no Plasma , no w-lan service in the rooms , bathroom nice but not more than this... Had several problems with the Management , very noisy room , service not similar to other FS hotels. So sorry to say but the RItz Carlton in San Francisco is a better hotel and next time I will stay at the Ritz..  
<Date>Sep 3, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	4	3	3	

<Author>SushiLvr
<Content>Loved our stay at the Four Seasons SF Our experience staying at the Four Seasons San Francisco was wonderful. From the time we arrived until our departure, the service was top-notch. We were upgraded upon arrival for no extra charge and were very happy with our room. The nightly turn-down service was a nice touch, as were the cookies and coffee we received the night we arrived. The in room dining was also fantastic and we loved everything we ordered during our stay. The staff really went beyond to make sure we were comfortable and were helpful with any requests we had. The location of the hotel was another plus. It is right on Market street, situated extremely close to shopping and Chinatown was even only a few blocks away, as were museums. We also found the hotel very quiet which is surprising considering its location on a busy city street.We really loved our stay and look forward to returning very soon.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CMHTraveller
<Content>The Most Amazing Hotel Experience Ever We reserved the Stay Longer Package, in which we received our third night free (a total of four nights was our stay) we were also given $60.00/complimentary room service or restaurant voucher every morning. The staff was fantastic, when you arrived through the main doors, they always asked how your day was and if you needed help with the bags. They also performed a great turndown service. They layout extra pillows, robes, slippers, waters, and the first night we got a free frappachino and biscotti. TIP** if you are left anything, at any hotel, assume that it is complimentary unless stated otherwise. The bath products were fantastic, as was the shower, and the bed. A little disappointed that internet was not free, but we made up for that with getting the USA Today, New York Times, and Wall Street Journal delivered for free every morning.TIP-Book a Premier Room and ask for one of the __02 rooms (ie. 602, 702, 802, etc.) they are corner rooms and have approx. 700 sq ft.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CitySlickerLondon
<Content>Stunning Hotel My husband and I stayed for two nights in the Delux View Room, it was fantastic and better than I had expected. The room was a lovely size offering floor to ceiling views of the city. I was amazed by the overall condition of the hotel, everything looks freshly decorated. The location cannot be beaten and the hotel staff were always so helpful. Please ask Consierge to book you a meal at the amazing Bong Su down 3rd Street, Fantastic Vietnamese dining and they lavish you with extras for booking through the four seasons.The seasons bar is the perfect place to relax and enjoy some off the menu cocktails before you walk through into the dining room and samples some fantastic cusine, wilst watching the world go by out of one of its many large windows.Enjoy!!!  
<Date>Aug 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>goodcop
<Content>The expected luxury at the expected cost We booked the 4 Season for the SF part of our 3 week California + Southwest vacation after reading the favorable reviews on Tripadvisor and noting that the hotel had a complimentary 4th night deal (offered on their site). The price is rather high (around $395 with tax per night), but in comparison with the highish prices of other SF hotels, it seemed like a good deal to us, and after staying one night at the Maxwell for $295, we confirmed that we had made the right decision. To start with the few cons, we thought pay internet was a little absurd considering the high price. And the style of the lobby was a little stodgy. The bathroom was also rather small. The lobby/front desk/parking maze can be a bit confusing. It took us a couple days to go smoothly from our car to our room. But, these are all pretty small points. The experience on a whole was very satisfying. The staff was extremely kind and gave us a room on the highest floor possible at our request (it was even larger than normal because it was designed to be wheelchair accessible). The bed was one of those cloud types..very very luxurious. Breakfast is complimentary, and guests are given a menu with numerous breakfast items to choose from (the only luxury hotel we stayed in which offered this - a definite plus). The slippers are super-soft and the bathroom amenities are L'Occitane, which is a new favorite of mine. In-room dining food is good to excellent. The location is right near Union Square, which is convenient for taking the old-fashioned trolley car to the Piers, as well as to shopping and world-class restaurants. There is a large gym and spa, with free fitness classes for guests. Cost issues. Valet parking is about $45 per night and a quick long distance call came to about $15.All in all, an excellent choice. We would definitely stay there again if we could take advantage of a comped 4th night, or similar offer.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>happycamperNewYork
<Content>Lovely hotel Nothing needs improving. Don't bother staying here if you can't afford to. There are many other options in this city. This is a hotel for adults.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2007
<Rating>5	3	4	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>frankyboy800
<Content>San Francisco Elegance Stayed here for five days in August, and was very impressed by the service, elegance and facilities in this hotel. The room was one of the largest non suite rooms i have stayed in, with a great minibar and plenty of storage space. My one criticism is that this hotel is a little too business oriented(although i do understand that that would be there largest customer base).Great stay, great hotel  
<Date>Aug 25, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>BlondeLawyer
<Content>Great Staff- wonderful location. Best Hotel in San Francisco There is no way to decribe the beauty of this hotel. The staff is friendly and very willing to help. The bed is so comfortable and the room top notch. I have never seen such great workout facility in my life. Compared to other hotels in San Fran- this is closest to shopping and attractions and has the best design. I recommend trying the ipod tour!The rates are high- but does $50 difference really matter???  
<Date>Aug 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Cyrus3325
<Content>Very nice... We recently returned from a very nice 3 nights stay at the Four Seasons Hotel San Francisco. I must admit that I was a little anxious about it due to several of it's recent negative reviews but decided to give it a try anyway. We were pleasantly surprised by the friendly yet professional staff members who made our stay delightful. Front desk staff is well trained and capable of handling important details. Kathy of in-room dinning is sweet with her bright personality. Concierge David was very helpful and patient as we couldn't decide between seafood, steak, Chinese food, or just something yummy, on another evening he made a last minute reservation for us at Ozumo which was delicious. The Chinese parking attendants were always making sure that we had directions and plenty of bottled water for our daily trips. I would say that all staff were very service oriented and each individual tried to do what he or she can to improve our experience there. The rooms themselves were nice. The furnishings appear to be in fairly new condition, bed was very comfortable with a good selection of pillows. Bathroom was nicely appointed. We had both a superior king and a regular king room. The superior king room was not cramped with a lay-away twin size bed. Breakfast was delicious, quality was very good as to be expected at a hotel of this level. A very ingenious touch was the delicious chocolates and tea service on the house the evening of our last day. It made you feel that they really value you as their guest. In a time when the services and values of many Ritz Carltons and Four Seasons properties are starting to fail many people's expectations, it is encouraging to know that here is one which continues to be strive to set the standards and is managed well. I don't remember ever seeing a coffee maker or tea maker in a Ritz Carlton or Four Seasons Hotel with the exception of Ritz or Four Seasons Resorts - this is not something that would be expected. I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>cpwest
<Content>Nice....... We enjoyed the location and cleanliness of this hotel. We didn't think the staff was as friendly or helpful as one would expect at a Four Seasons. The nicest person we encountered was the lovely woman who came in to turn down the bed and refresh our towels during the early evening. As a previous reviewer noted, a coffee maker or tea kettle would be a nice touch. FYI if you need a taxi it is best to go out the Market Street entrance and hail one yourself.Having said this, I would return.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	3	5	3	

<Author>lizrogatz
<Content>A bit disappointing We stayed 3 nights at the Four Seasons on Market Street in San Francisco. The room on the 11th floor and bathroom were large, clean, bright and lovely. The location was a tired.Our major disappointments were in the lack of amenities. There is no high speed internet, or large or flat screen tv. Both of these were huge disappointments in a 5 star hotel. We could not get an internet connection after many attempts over 3 days. The tv was the size you would use in a kitchen and although positioned across from the bed was fuzzy and the image was too small to watch a movie.Additionally, we counted on the concierge to recommend restaurants. One he described as Mediterranean was actually northern Italian, and another we dined at was described as tapas, was really traditional Spanish. This was disappointing on all fronts.The service in the Seasons restaurant was also VERY spotty for breakfast. Long waits and two of 3 mornings we were delivered the wrong meals.Given the status of the hotel all of these were huge disappointments.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>GooseB
<Content>Keep coming back We've been to this hotel twice. The service is superb, the rooms are tastefully decorated and extremely clean. Nice linens and housekeeping twice a day, which is very nice. I really enjoyed being able to use the fitness center (complimentary), the pool was easy to access, lots of amenities in the ladies locker room. Eaten at the restaurant multiple times --and have had drinks at the bar. The mojitos are definitely worth the money! Complimentary snacks that the waitstaff kept refilling w/o being asked. An example of the great service: One of our first nights my husband and I ordered a nice bottle of wine. We still had about 1/2 left at the end of our meal. We were so so full, we declined dessert. My husband asked for the check and we figured we'd stay seated at the table to relax and finish our wine. Next thing you know, the waiters are putting small plates down and knives. They provided us a cheese plate (complimentary) because they wanted us to enjoy our wine. It was such a nice gesture -- typically of our experiences at this Four Seasons.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>godiva1972
<Content>Overhyped, overpriced, lacking in ammenities When you pay $800/ night for a suite you expect some basic ammenities. Although the suite is well decorated, I do not expect to be charged $50 for 5 days of Internet service. I expect that my bathroom with come with more than one soap, and that there would be at least a coffee maker in my room. No tea cup, no spoon, just a tiny complimentary bottle of water next to my bed.I don't know about you, but when I wake up, I head straight for my tea (in your case a coffee maker). Imagine brewing tea on the floor of a $800/night hotel suite because the electrical outlets are in such awkward places to plug in a kettle. Imagine stirring it with your toothbrush because there is not a single spoon near the service bar (not even a plastic one). Imagine drinking a hot drink out of a cocktail glass. Even a Marriott has better ammenities than this.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2007
<Rating>5	3	3	4	4	3	4	1	

<Author>UGReview
<Content>Not upto the expected Four Seasons Brand Customer Experience When you stay at a Four Seasons you expect certain key deliverables.The Four Seasons San Francisco meets most of these but where it does not is the conceirge services.....they have a very serious attitude problem and are actually quite useless and don't bother to fulfil requests.I suggest the Four Seasons San Francisco Management sends off their conceirge to the New York Four Seasons to see how it should be done and invest in correcting their attitude.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	2	3	3	1	4	

<Author>mlizBoston
<Content>Great Location My husband and I stayed here for three nights in June. We have recently stayed at Four Seasons properties in Jackson Hole, Las Vegas and Boston. The public spaces here were terrific, the concierge desk helpful, the bartender very attentive, and the restaurant (Seasons) just right for our first night's arrival after three nights in Napa Valley. The room itself (Premier Room -Market Street View, 14th floor) met our expectations but could not compare to the similar category at the Jackson Hole property. This is a big city hotel, on the contemporary side. The first room we were shown had a bay view. We asked to be switched to the Market Street view. The bay was in view, but distant and not at all picturesque (working cranes, etc.). For the price of the room, not what I was expecting. City view was fine, but I couldn't recommend the hotel based on the view from the rooms.Concierge desk was helpful in securing theatre tickets quickly and in making reservations for us at restaurants that had been recommended to us ahead of our visit to San Francisco by friends. We ate at Scoma's in Sausalito for lunch, Piperade for dinner, Seasons for dinner, and Perbacco for dinner, Mocca (on Maiden Lane) for a very casual lunch, and Bistro Boudin for chowder and a drink overlooking Fisherman's Wharf. We'd return to the Four Seasons. It was a very good stay.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>londonbiztraveller
<Content>Oh dear..don't believe the hype.. Just not good enough. I am not a moaner. I read the reviews. I bought the ticket. I got burned.This place is cruising. There is a casual demeanour in pretty much all of the staff which indicates they are having it really good. Which is fine..unless you're the customer. Not good enough. And I am..paying more than $600 per evening so I do at least feel entitled to a view. Trust me..and by way of illustration only ..the concierge service on my visit..was almost inaccessable. Too too busy. I tried 5 times in person and by phone today to reschedule my weekend--this is a KEY reason I overpay for hotels when on business ie to get a concierge service that works rather than makes concilliatory noises . I won't bore this site with the details but its been utterly amateur how I've been handled.Whenever I called someone in this hotel whether on front desk, room service, concierge... they speed at breakneck/smallprint pace telling you they need to call you back. Not good enough.The choice of food is not good enough either--its a short uninspring room service menu and theres 1 ..not very busy even on a Friday evening restaurant....where (and I only say this because thats what this site is about) the staff are just 3*. When I arrived I had to physically grab someone after 10 minutes milling about who in turn grabbed a girl who was in mid 'hilarious' conversation with a colleague.I genuinely have had 'paralllel universe' moments reading the other reviews of this place--eg I went to the back hotel entrance to get a taxi to Sausallito and was told there was none and I should walk out onto Market St and get my own--I did this and got a cab at which point a hotel employee appeared to close the cab door for me and seek a tip!!!! I promise you..it would be funny if it were not true.. I have stayed in Four Seasons all over the world (indeed had an incredible family vacation at Jimbaran Bay in Bali in April) so its not a rant.100% GENUINE CAR CRASH OF A STAY..AND I HAVE NOT EVEN TOLD HALF OF IT..Its just a genuine report on what has been a pretty abyssmal stay. Really, just not good enough.And to be clear I do not for one moment blame the people I have dealt with. Its a management thing and the manager of this place needs to check him/herself.Never again. ANd it also places questions around the utility of Tripadvisor.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Montyaloofah
<Content>Classic Four Seasons Experience I've stayed here for business numerous times over the past few years. It is consistently excellent. Service and comfort are always expected at Four seasons and San francisco FS was spot on. The room was very spacious. 2 complimentary water bottles by the night tables. The mattress and bedding were incredibly comfortable. On par if not better than Westin's Heavenly beds. The view from my room was excellent. ATT park was in clear view as was the water. The room was very clean and the bar area was stocked with usual suspects and San Francisco based snacks. The bathroom was large. There's a stand up shower as well as separate tub. The toilet is in it's own room off the bathroom. The water pressure was strong but not damaging. They use L'Occitane products which are nice. Guests of the hotel have access to the Sports Club/LA which is attached on the 4th floor. This is an excellent gym and should be taken advantage of. The bar area on the lobby floor is well done. The furniture and lighting give it an intimate feel. The only aspects of the hotel i'd like to see improved are: flat panel TV's in the rooms, Wi-Fi (only wired now). Overall, Four Seasons is probably the top hotel for me in SF.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>anna78
<Content>Great Hotel - Great Service like usual Great service as expected from a FS hotel. They even had a bowl and treat set up for my dog!  
<Date>Jun 29, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>alohapenny
<Content>Excellent hotel The service was excellent, the room was beautiful, the food was delicious.The experience was a little more pricey than we wanted, but we would have to say that the quality warranted the price.The only real negative was that the hotel is right on Market Street, which is tremendously busy and noisy and we could hear the city noises from our room.This was our first trip to San Francisco and we can't wait to return. We loved the excursion to Alcatraz, the crooked street, the Fisherman's Wharf, walking at Ocean Beach (very different from the beaches that we're used to), lunch at the Cliff House, wandering through Chinatown. Lots to do and many restaurant choices. If you can afford it, we highly recommend you stay at this hotel.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>larover
<Content>Very Nice But Noise Issues Detract From Its Excellence Overall I thought this was a very nice hotel. It has the understated elegance that I have found at other Four Seasons Hotels like Prague and New York. It is not a grand hotel but rather a modern contemporary one so there is really no wow factor. There is however outstanding service and amenities including what has to be one of the best hotel gyms. The hotel connects to Sports Club LA, the San Francisco edition and it is really a nice gym and spa as well as pool. The hotel bar is quite nice with a piano player and I thought the lobby was elegant.The hotel is in a great location right near the best shopping without the headache of Union Square. It is also only a small distance from Chinatown and by extension North Beach with its fabulous Italian Restaurants.....both areas are nice safe walks.The service is absolutely outstanding and even better than other Fours Seasons I have stayed at. Exemplary would be the best way to describe it. The food in the restaurant is very good but not fabulous especially for San Francisco which has incredible dining choices. Room service was fast and efficient and breakfast was good each morning but nothing off the charts.My only complaint which would give me pause in staying here again is that it is not sufficiently sound proofed. I am a relatively light sleeper and sleep with ear plugs. However even with the ear plugs I was awakened by sirens each of the three nights I stayed here and I was on the 11th floor. Many 5 and even 4 star hotels that I have stayed at have sufficiently sound proofed the rooms so that you don't hear sirens from the City. I realize San Fran is a noisy city but I have been in hotels in the world's noisiest cities and not heard the city from the room with the windows closed. I would have expected The Four Seasons to do the same and note that it has in NY. I am not sure why it was skipped here but it is a significant shortcoming in my book.I have stayed in a total of 6 hotels in San Fran. I would say The Four Seasons and The Fairmont are my favorites in this City. However I will proably keep looking. On the whole if I had to choose between The Four Seasons and The Fairmont I would probably chose a room with a bay and bridge view at The Fairmont. That view is just incredible and makes up for the difference between the Fairmont being a 4 star and The Four Seasons being a five star hotel. Just be forewarned that The Fairmont is an old grand hotel that is a bit worn around the edges in the old part which houses the lobby and the restaurant. The newer tower has the remodelled rooms that offer views of the bay and bridge if you request and pay for it. That is the place to be in that hotel.I am tempted to try the Huntington on my next trip to San Fran. It has great ratings on Tripadvisor and is on Nob Hill right near the Fairmont, The Mark Hopkins and Grace Cathedral which is a cathedral that is really worth looking at.In sum The Four Seasons is quite nice. It has some very strong qualities but I can neither state that I would definetly stay or not stay there again. If you are not a light sleeper I suspect the noise might not bother you although I do note that another reviewer commented that bells from a nearby church woke him up.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2007
<Rating>5	3	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>hotchr
<Content>Over the top Here on business for one night.Had a nightmare of a time getting in losing my cell phone in transit over. Explained this while checking in casually, upgraded to suite right away (did not expect this). Thank you Karl!Everything you'd expect in a Four Seasons, was especially impressed by consistent service opening doors everywhere you went and upgraded amenities from Acca Kappa; White Moss smells like heaven.Only quibbles are the church next to it clangs its bells away mightily right at 6 AM awaking me from a deep sleep so be ready for this. There's probably only so much insulating the hotel can do in all fairness to them.A bit confusing taking 2 elevator transfers to get to street level. You must take elevators to the lobby, and then walk out into the lobby, and transfer into another elevator.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Cali4niaSunshine
<Content>fabulous city hotel Fabulous city hotel ! This is not a resort, but a hotel located in the city center. Short walk to Union Square and lots of shopping. Couple of blocks to financial district.Made reservations through AMEX and were comp'ed breakfast and one lunch and up-graded room.This hotel is above a wonderful 3-story gym (150,000sf) with a full basketball court, 25-yd pool (6+ lanes), wellness center (yoga, pilates, etc.),  oodles of latest machines.Room  bathroom were spacious with L'Occitane bath products (a French company). Room was good size and comfortable bed  linens. Cable connection available (a room chrg) for laptops.Downstairs restaurant (on 4th floor) looks out twds Grant  Post, on Market St. and had fabulous breakfast, which was incld in our room rate. Try the lemon gridlecakes.The staff was very polite, helpful, and in abundance.Lovely stay for a business trip to San Francisco and had fun too.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Heleno84
<Content>Fantastic, but had technical issues I haven't stayed at a Four Seasons before, so I was quite pleased to be sent here on a business trip. And sure enough this place was wonderful - fantastic service at every turn, gorgeous airy rooms, immensely comfortable beds and very good food in the restaurant downstairs. It's in a very good location too - I hadn't been to San Francisco before but I was able to get a feel for the place within a few blocks of the place. My only real problem was with the internet provision in the rooms - I hadn't brought my laptop, but the internet option on the TV was badly calibrated, making it impossible to actually read emails (this was after I'd called a service engineer to get it working, as a lead had come loose) and given that the cost is something like $12 a day for the privilege (although they did remove the charge when I complained) that was irritating. The business centre downstairs was better, but also experienced problems on one occasion I was there. All fixable things, but the only fly in the ointment of an otherwise excellent stay.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>Ryan.W
<Content>Nirvana on the 10th floor Esconced in a well-designed room with a spectacular view of Yerba Buena Gardens and the San Francisco Bay from the tenth floor was fantastic. But it's all about the service. It was nearly flawless. All of the concierges are fantastic. Restaurant and bar service was spot-on. In-room dining the best ever. The only less than excellent service was in the fitness center. But that really is a seperate entity. Visit the mond/body concierge in the fitness center and enjoy some fantastic yoga and pilates classes, for free. My only criticism was the somewhat bland breakfast in Seasons one morning. But the maitre 'd insisted on pleasing me and had the chef prepare a fresh plate. Again, it's all about the service and this place delivers on every level.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>RedCharleston
<Content>Very Good WE enjoyed our short stay here --- and the service, conceirge, room and bar were all very nice. The location is excellent. The room was very quiet and the bed and bath very comfortable. Would stay here again  
<Date>Apr 2, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ElsiMM
<Content>What luxury is all about I traveled to San Francisco often for work, and luckily the company that I worked with received good rates at the Four Season.It鈥檚 a very posh hotel with an excellent location that offers a luxurious stay if your able to afford the bill.The location is great, right in the center. You鈥檙e walking distance to San Fran鈥檚 finest restaurants and shops. The rooms are impeccable and very spacious. They are really comfortable and relaxing. Definitely, the kind of room you want to stay in at away from home. You may not even want to venture out and just stay in. The bathroom is made out of marble and it鈥檚 also very spacious and clean. The room I had included a roman bath tub which came in handy after a long day of work related meetings. The reception is very nice and quick to check in and out. The staff is extremely professional and at your service at all times.The restaurant has beautiful large windows over looking the city. The food is just absolutely fantastic (but very expensive). The bar is also a great place to have some cocktails.This place definitely deserves its 5 stars. I have no complaints what so ever.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>serendipit4
<Content>Four Seasons and Ritz Carlton. Long may they reign!       Seasons Bar Cosmintinis. Enjoy a Cosmopolitan? Enjoy a Martini? Here's your solution!  
<Date>Mar 16, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>IlViaggio
<Content>Very so so We were not thrilled. This hotel has the excellent service that Four Season is known for. And that is about it. The location is very good. The rooms are bland and non descript. The first room that we were shown was the size of a shoe box. Had to decline, at that price you would think there would be space for your suitcase too. We got a suite. Ok. Horribly expensive, it was also on the 6th floor and had a view of a roof. I just don't get this hotel. And would not return.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rainy4264
<Content>subtle and quiet I got to stay here for three nights over Labor Day in 2006. I would do most anything to go back. Pros:- Service. This doesn't even need to be mentioned - its ingrained in the Four Seasons reputation. Check-in was easy, Concierge was pleasant and recommended great restaurants within walking distance and booked us on Alcatraz Tours. Then Bellman was prompt with luggage and retrieved us additional soaps right when we checked in and asked. Lounge and Room Service staff was friendly and knowledgable, and the food was delicious. Example: we requested a wine bucket with ice. When we we returned, there was an ice bucket, with the wine already placed in it, with two wine glasses sitting on the minibar. Housekeeping was thorough. Example: One of my toiletries was almost empty, and when they cleaned the bathroom, the lined up the toiletries, and the one that was almost gone was placed upside down so the product would come out easier.- Fantastic location. Like anywhere in the City there are tons of restaurants and shopping, but this location is right in the heart of it all. We walked to Union Square and saw a live orchestra playing jazz music and enjoyed all the artists. It's only a block from the Powell cable car too. SFMOMA is right around the corner. Literally.- Quiet. Our room was overlooking Market Street - where there were picketers and protesters - but we did not hear any sounds from the street below until a siren went by. I believe they have mostly business travellers so the other hotel guests were pretty quiet. - Large rooms with deep tubs and separate shower and the L'Occitane toiletry products. Comfortable beds and really nice sheets. Frette?Cons:- Price. Not exactly budget-friendly...- There were some trendy scenesters in the lounge area, so we only ate there once. We wore jeans though.I would love to return to 4S in San Francisco. If only my budget would allow!  
<Date>Jan 28, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>roguemh
<Content>Stay and you'll never wonder, "What is luxury?" The Four Seasons San Francisco is a tasteful combination of modernity and classic romanticism - in decor, service and atmosphere. Just what I like. My husband (of 8 hours at the time) and I stayed at the Hotel for 3 days after our wedding in San Francisco. Our stay was the ideal ending to a milestone event. Here are the highlights: (1) Beautifully designed lobby and lounge area including opulent sofas and luminous table tops warmed by a cozy fireplace. (2) Extensive, 10,000 square foot spa/gym/salon facilities created solely for my pampering. (3) Customer service staff that jumped at the opportunity to bring 5 safety pins to my hotel room door. (4) Central location right on Market Street a few blocks from Union Square and BART. (5) A pristine, in-room bathroom with separate shower and tub and L'Occitane bath products (pure pleasure). (6) Spacious deluxe room with dreamy beds and strawberries and champagne by the chaise (6) And finally, if you're lucky, a view of San Francisco's skyline that makes you feel as if the world is yours. Sure it's expensive, but sometimes (not always) the best things in life are worth a little extra.  
<Date>Dec 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>tundergarth
<Content>Perfect location Although this is one wonderful hotel, it really is not nearly the best of the Four Seasons. We love hotels in this chain and have stayed in six different ones this year alone. The deluxe room was tight. Not near the space we have grown to expect from the Four Seasons. Bathroon only so-so; you actaully had to squirm to close the door in the toilet area of the bathroom. The elevator system is quite complex with changes necessary to get from the entrance to your room. Personnel, although friendly was sloppy and not as helpful as one expects from this excellent group of hotels. We wiull probably try something different the next time in SF.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Choirmaster
<Content>Fine..but.... It is indeed an excellent hotel. I can have no complaints about the location, the spacious room, the comfortable bed, or the service. (I must say that when I am paying this much for a room I do not expect to be dunned $6 for a city map! ) But, overall, it could be a good hotel anywhere, there is little San Francisco character here. In town for a meeting on the expense account? This is probably the place. But for an experience of San Franciso? I think I'd look to the Fairmont or the Mark Hopkins next time.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Javani
<Content>Loved it!  We just got back form a weekend trip to SF and stayed at the Four Seasons Hotel on Market Street. We loved everything about it. Our two bedroom suite was spacious, very clean, and comfortable. What a treat it was to sleep in the heavenly beds after a full days sight seeing and shopping. The gym is amazing if you like to work out. The staff was VERY kind and smiling all the time. The location is perfect for shipping and a block away form Union Square. A big THANK YOU to Jane our concierge for making great suggestions and reservations for dinner and a fabulous show. Don't miss seeing Beach Blanket Babylon if you ever go to SF.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>chicago84
<Content>Great hotel stay - Incredible gym The Four Seasons was as expected - a top notch property with excellent service (except for housekeeping which seemed a bit unpredictable in timing). Being directly connected with Sports Club LA is amazing - obviously it's a complete health club with full exercise class schedule. The hours are great during the week but more limited on the weekend. Location was really convenient to Union Square, shopping and 1 mile walk to the Ferry Building. I recommend it highly!  
<Date>Oct 14, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>That'sMyOpinion
<Content>Superb In Every Way My husband and I stayed here while he was at business meetings in town, and we were more than pleased with our stay. I am not sure there is much more to say than this is the Four Seasons afterall. Our room was quiet, immaculate and the housekeeping staff was exceptional. We wanted for nothing. The atmosphere in the public areas is quiet, elegant, and refined. The entire staff is professional and more than accomodating. We asked for a taxi and they sent the hotel town car. I was pleased with the location, right on Market St. This is pretty much a perfect city hotel. They have a fan here!  
<Date>Oct 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bayview6
<Content>Best hotel ever stayed so far Room spacious,clean,bright. Bathroom well lighted equiped with magnifying mirror, hot tub,soft large thick towels with the used ones replaced same day. Bed and pillows very comfortable, individual room thermostate control and the air conditioner is quiet. Soft water with generous bathroom amenities.Location is within walking distance to the trolley, the Westfield Mall and china town as well as Union square.Hotel personnel very friendly,polite and helpful even in medical emergency case which happened to one of our companions. Felt very secured within the hotel facility with so many pair of security personnels' eyes around.However, there is no coffee and tea services in the room. Complimentary guests slippers has to be asked for.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LadyQ
<Content>Location, service, fresh and personnel This hotel is a real treat. Most rooms have a nice view and are spacious, very clean, comfortable bedding and up to date furniture. Already at the checkin you get a good feeling. Interested, but not overly so, very profesional. After a couple of days the personnel address you by name. Concergie very helpful and easily available. Service overall is one of the best I ever experienced and I compare with a number of Leading hotels in the World. And it is not like they are indirectly asking for tips for every service they do. Solid and distinguished, yet personnel and engaged.Breakfast is great. SPA facility very professional. Complimentary limosine service is also a good thing. Although it is very close to union square and a nice shopping area. The tram stations are very close by.The only thing I would point out as less good, was the pool. Hotel guests have access to a fitness companies facilities but it is so huge that it is not really for relaxition but more for Olympic swimming excercise.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MonteChicago
<Content>Interior of Hotel is superb, Exterior - watch where you walk ! Let me start with the positives:Hotel is one of the most elegant, modern, and clean hotels you will ever find. The staff is amazing and the food was also superb. This hotel has it all and your hotel room will be perfect as was ours.The Exterior - Make you realize that less than 2 blocks both ways of the hotel are disgusting bums and people sleeping on the street. After 8pm you can NOT just walk around. Across the street is Armani, BEBE, and other high end shops with homeless literally sleeping in front of the sidewalks.My suggestion is to maybe stay in Nob Hill (Ritz?) Four Seasons is everything you could ever want in a hotel, but San Francisco needs to clean up their act.You won't find that on Michigan Ave in Chicago or Fifth Ave in New York. If you select the Four Seasons, get room service, sit at the bar and have the best hotel experience you've ever had !  
<Date>Sep 19, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AndrewDavis
<Content>Fabulous After reading all the reviews of San Francisco hotels I decided to splash out a bit and opted for the Four Seasons. We were to arrive on a long journey from London with our three children, and would no doubt be completely exhausted and jetlagged, so why not go for the best? We were not disappointed. The rooms were absolutely wonderful, the best we have ever stayed in. The staff were all extremely helpful, including housekeeping who found my son's teddy bear, accidentally taken in the laundry one morning, and the concierge who could not possibly have given us more help or attention, the best we have ever experienced. Another plus is the location, practically opposite the Market/Powell cable car stop and two minutes from Union Square. We had a fantastic visit to SF, and will never forget our stay at the Four Seasons.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>donk93953
<Content>Purrfect...! If there is a 4 Seasons in a city Im in ...well, that's where I stay. With the exception of London (Claridges). Service is 1st rate. Always a can do attitude. They keep a profile on you, so they know what u like. They know to take at all the snacks my room (I'll eat them) Laundry service is the best. The SF 4 Seasons hotel is the best in the city. Bar none. Good size rooms. Great views. And the staff...when they make a mistake, which has only happened once in all my years with 4 Seasons, they say we are sorry in a big way. They forgot to give me turn down service one night. The morning maid caught it and that evening a fruit and cheese plate, plus a bottle of SChramsberg bubbly to say ,Sorry. I accepted the apology..:-)...  
<Date>Aug 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Travelking997
<Content>Whats Happening Guys ? OK, i have always loved staying at a Four Seasons property, believe me i have stayed at a lot. The service is always top notch but I am starting to get the impression that some of the newer properties are starting to feel a little too corporate for my liking. I first noticed it in Prague, nice lobby but the room was a real let down, the hotel in Los Angeles at Beverly Hills, dont get me wrong, I love staying there, the place is buzzing but again the rooms and bathrooms are not that great.San Francisco should have no excuse, a new purpose built hotel. again nice lobby, but a really ordinary room (8 times out of 10 I stay in a suite) uninspiring bathroom.Come on Four Seasons, build them like New York or Hong Kong where there are stunning bedrooms and bathrooms where you dream of returning to.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gofer
<Content>Perfect For my first visit to SF I chose the FS based on reviews here and on previous FS experiences I have had. I booked a delux cityview room and was located on the 17th floor of this downtown skyscraper (I believe the topmost floors are FS residences).The public spaces of the hotel are flawless and beautifully elegant. To my eye the room was underdecorated (for the price) but very spacious.The staff (and to my mind this is where FS scores over every other chain) are courteous and extremely well trained to deliver the best that they can. This at the end of the day is what I think you pay for with FS.Its not cheap but ultimately if you are worrid about saving 100 bucks this is probabaly not the right place for you.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>WillieLoman
<Content>Perfect. Impeccable service, Beautiful rooms, Fantastic food, Incredibly Comfortable bed. I didn't want to leave. . . .  
<Date>Aug 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>seagulls77
<Content>A fantastic hotel There is little to add to many other reviews. This is a truly excellent hotel, for adults and children alike. From the moment we arrived to our departure five days later we were treated fantastically. The service from the concierge, who got us in to all of the restaurants we wanted and came up with lots of information on tours and places of interest, was the best we have experienced, anywhere  
<Date>Aug 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>khanks70471
<Content>First Class The Four Seasons on Market St in San Francisco is a first class hotel. Great location within walking distance of union square. Rooms well appointed and beds are fabulous. The best meals we had in San Francisco were in this hotel. Complete with first class service.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>kbendalin
<Content>Beautiful urban hotel We spent three nights with family (including kids) and had a wonderful time. The hotel is well located in the Union Station area and Chinatown, SOMA, the ATT Ballpark, etc. are all easily accessable by walking. The hotel is beautiful but somewhat sparse. Art work is displayed throughout and the furnishings and art are quite contempary and minimialist in nature. The rooms and common areas are very clean and looked after. The staff is nice and accomdating to a fault. They were equally nice to those of us with and without kids. The Sports Club is adjacent and memberships are included with the stay. It is a great facility. Overall, we loved the Four Seasons and have no compliants.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>DublinIrish30
<Content>Fantastic Place! Stayed there for 2 nights in May and was excellent!Looked after at reception straightaway. Our room was bright and spacious with a great view, the window was nearly the length of the wall!!!Got engaged whilst staying there and Vicki Kenny really looked after us when she heard the news!Located very central and there's a tram stop just up the street so great for getting down to Fisherman's Wharf.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>tennis_ace_2005
<Content>Perfect Stay - Excellent Location For Kids. Stayed at a few Four Seasons so I had high expectations of this hotel. Also after having stayed at the Ritz a mile down the road and the Argent same block and other nice hotels in SF, I was looking forward to how this hotel would measure up. The hotel itself is about as impressive as any hotel in terms of public areas and room quality. Service is top notch and nothing was less than perfection. Downside of the hotel is that kids cannot use the pool at LA Fitness which is connected to the hotel. However if that is a deal killer for you, the Marriott a couple of hundred feet away is available-complimentary. LA Fitness is as good as it gets for a work out facility. The location is great for kids because of it's proximity to the Metreon which has movies, free summer concerts on the lawn, the Zeum, great play area and bowling. Although you do have to go outside to access these kid friendly activities, it's convenient and a can't miss for the kids. Wife enjoyed Union Square shopping and the city of course has endless entertainment options. If you don't want to spend the $44-48 for valet parking, many nearby options for $20+. Since it's a city hotel, don't expect a warm and fuzzy feel to the hotel. It's geared for business travellers, but will also work for vacationing families who want to be right on Market Street. It is what it is, an impeccably run hotel with no bad surprises, but then again for the special weekend rate is $500 with tax,parking etc. for the basic room you shouldn't expect anything less. We spent the extra $ for a deluxe room so I can't comment on basic accomodations. Highly recommend.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LondonLondon095
<Content>great service Just got back from the four seasons san fran. Nice hotel nut a little bit too corporate, not the best hotel if you have children. The pool can only be used by children over 16 needless to say we had a very upset 3 year old. Good location very close to shopping, so you could walk back to drop your bags off to do more shopping. As with all four seasons the service was fantastic.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2006
<Rating>4	3	-1	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>alouette
<Content>Little-known art gallery       Lobby flower arrangement  
<Date>Jun 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>calgary88
<Content>Hidden Treasure -Literally !!! The Four Seasons San Francisco is a hidden treasure, ....literally. The really hide this hotel well, valet parking is off of Market street on 3rd street and lobby is on the 5th floor..... But once you find it you will not be sorry.... LOVED IT LOVED IT LOVED IT.Amidst the busy streets of San Francisco, the moment you walk into the hotel and take the elevator to the lobby, you feel like you have entered a whole new world.All the staff, from front desk/valet/bell man/restaurant staff are extremely professional, helpful and you feel special. (Besides with the $ 500 nightly room rate, you expect this and will get the same if not more....)LOCATION: excellent location on Market Street, close to lots of shopping, walking distance to Union Square(more shopping), walking distance to ChinaTown, and if you care to venture further you can take a cable car down to Fisherman's Wharf, which is also close to the hotel. Be sure to pay the fare before you hop on the ride. $ 5 ONE WAY, the wait can be long in the summer. Best way to experience San Francisco is on foot or by cable car.ROOM/SERVICE: We stayed in a deluxe view room on the 17th floor facing Market St and slept very well. The rooms are CLEAN, beds are comfortable and bathrooms are beautiful with L'Occitane bath products. Nightly turn down included bottled water and music in the room. Nice to come back to after a long day out and about.RESTAURANT: We got the bed and breakfast package with our stay and service was excellent. Food was fresh and hot. Staff was always polite, professional and greeting everyone that entered and left the restaurant. It was a nice way to start the day.PARKING : Be prepared to pay $48 nightly valet parking fee ( in/out privledges), no parking on nearby streets/ no self parking at the hotel either so if you drive you will be paying for parking. But it is the same in ALL hotels in San Francisco.... Honestly, you do not need a car in San Francisco unless you plan to venture outside of San Francisco. DAY TRIPS: Go to Monteray/Pebble Beach, beautiful drive along the coast ( approx. 2-3 hrs one way.) But, you may encounter fog/rain as this is common along the drive this time of the year. So Check the weather first !!Can't say enough about the Four Seasons...and now I understand why it is the #1 ranked hotel in Trip Advisor and Frommers....Five Stars all the way...Definately will return.I would recommend this hotel for business travelers or couples on a romantic getaway but not a hotel for families.  
<Date>May 25, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lrf
<Content>Perfect in every way My husband and I just returned from a two night stay at the Four Seasons. Our room had a beautiful view and was spotless. The staff was very helpful and professional. Front desk, bellman, doormen, concierge, bar staff could not have been better. It is obvious that the Four Seasons takes their training very seriously. Location is premier. Close to shopping and restaurants. Great 30 minute walk to Fisherman's Wharf also. I would definitely stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>May 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>shvtraveler
<Content>Awesome Booked my parents at the Four Seasons for their 50th anniverary. The hotel staff was a 10 on a scale of 1 to 10. Arranaged for a driver with the hotel to take them to and from SFO perfect service. Used a tour company from the hotel, it was a 10. Everything about the place is a 10. My parents gave it a 10.  
<Date>May 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>gstrauss
<Content>Top Notch Hotel in a Top Notch City Having only stayed in a Four Seasons Hotel once before (16 years ago in Philadelphia during my wedding), I was extremely excited about staying in the Four Seasons San Francisco for our family vacation. Since my last stay at a Four Seasons, the reputation of the chain has become one of impeccable service. That reputation is well deserved at the Four Seasons in San Francisco. Wonderful service, beautiful decor, centrally - if not beautifully - located on Market Street (Union Square, cable cars, BART  numerous restaurants are all within walking distance). The hotel is equally adept at being kid friendly and hosting formal business meetings.If you are planning a trip to San Francisco - with or without kids - I would highly recommend the Four Seasons. Expensive, yes. Worth it, definitely.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>rwpb-houston
<Content>The place to stay in San Francisco       Welcome Amenity  
<Date>Feb 19, 2006
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel. The reviews are true. From the moment we walked through the door we were entranced! The rooms were lovely, the service charming and breakfast was excellent. I booked this through a website called AvantGuide that was very easy to use and inexpensive and will gladly use again.  
<Date>Feb 8, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>12Travel
<Content>Four Seasons is flawless Having just returend from a stay at the Four Seasons, I must say I was quite impressed with the accommodations, the dining including room service and the overall can do attitude of the staff. Never once was one of my request met with any hesitation.Need an umbrella on a rainy day, no problem - justask the bell staff. Need a last minute restaurant reservation, call the hotel concierge. It just doesn't get any better than the Four Seasons San Francisco. As far as the review that says this hotel is a bad location - I can't imagine a more centralized location which is very very close to public transportation. Treat yourself to the luxury of this hotel.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>luxnomad
<Content>I want to live here, the best on the West Coast I have stayed in many 4Seasons over the years but this was the best. Amazing rooms, great location and uber professional staff. Save on something else but not your stay in San Francisco, make sure you stay at the 4Seasons.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Jamma
<Content>Fabulous Stayed at the Four Seasons in between Xmas and New Year and everything was just as you would expect from this first class chain.Check in was efficient, helpful and professional. The Premium King room on the 11 floor had views of Yerba Buena gardens and although described as San Francisco Bay was more akin to a dockyard about a mile away. That said though, the room was spacious with a hallway, huge bathroom and two wardrobes. The bed, as always at FS hotels was the best.We ate in Seasons restaurant for dinner and breakfast and both were excellent. In-room breakfast was also very good, even down to a pot of English breakfast tea first thing!I loved the way that this hotel has a ground floor with security always at the door to greet you and belldesk. The real lobby is 4 or 5 floors up and is impressive. This floor also houses the restaurant, bar, concierge and front desk. Guests then take the elevator up to their floor.This hotel is in an excellent location on Market Street. It is minutes from Union Sq, the various shops and the terminus for the cable car which has to be done once if you're visiting. We had considered staying in the Fisherman's Wharf area of San Francisco and thankfully we didn't! I couldn't recommend the Four Seasons more for a stay in San Francisco, and for around $400 for a premium room I think it's pretty good value, particularly when compared to room rates in other US cities.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>boscoe55
<Content>SF 4 Seasons Top Notch Spent the holidays visiting family while staying at the Four Seasons SF. My luxury chain of choice certainly did not disappoint. Upon arrival we were offered a two notch upgrade to a large corner one bedroom suite for about half the rack rate due to the far less than full house during the holidays - still a monster tab but worth it considering a 19 year old was under tow and we needed some space. The room was well appointed with a few very minor exceptions noted below. As in other 4 Seasons locations, the staff is impeccably trained - pleasant, patient and responsive. The bar and restaurant were comfy with a second floor view of the Market Street shopping and work bustle. While the holidays kept the hotel lobby traffic to a minimum, we found where all the action was - the fourth floor health club - a very well appointed workout facility with a serious local membership. This is a high end club for the downtown working crowd that happens to share its facilities with the hotel - not the other way around.While the hotel location is perfect for nearby pedestrian shopping in the Union Square area and in walking distance to the Financial District, its location directly on Market Street has its drawbacks. The street life there might be charitably called colorful, though the posted street side doorman acts as a vigilent sentry if some of the visitors stray to close to the hotel. The hotel has countered this in its design with a very private, almost secret, sidestreet passage to a sheltered well attended rear driveway vehicle entrance. Upon arrival at ground level either via the street sidewalk or the rear drive, one must take an elevator to the second floor, the true lobby of the hotel.Our suite had the usual Four Seasons accoutrements - a stereo in every room, cashmere throws on the bed, fresh fruit, a large modern marble bath, with an overall look and feel of relative newness. A few small peccadillos - the master bath water closet was accesssed by a door that so wide that it appeared to be for wheelchair access, but there was barely enough room behind it for the toilet much less a thin flexible person in need trying to close the door behind him or her. I found myself nearly standing on the toilet just to have room to get the door closed. Second issue: I find that many urban Four Seasons, including this one, have terribly underengineered A/C units. The units are not well integrated in the room. In this suite bedroom, half of the single vent blew wastefully into the window curtains while the other half focused an annoying draft on the bed.Last issue (and this is a beef I have with most of the luxury chains): if one is willing to pay astronomical rates for urban luxury, I do not believe one should be nickled and dimed (more appropriately, fived and tenned) for obvious modern needs like high speed internet access and phone service. Hotel phone charges in high end hotels should be declared illegal. Example: charge for dialing a 10 second wrong number in Texas - $12. Will I stay again at this Four Seasons, you bet - only I will be sure to bring my laptop for the local free wireless access and use my cell phone for everything except room service.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>FloridaTempo
<Content>Four Seasons is top notch The Four Seasons San Francisco provided superior service. The location is great - right in the heart if upscale shopping. The conceirge was so helpful and friendly. I highly recomend this hotel!  
<Date>Dec 29, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Always Wonderful I have stayed here 3 times. I have stayed at other Four Seasons, Ritz Carlton, and Peninsula Hotels. This is the best city/business hotel I have stayed in. Everytime is a delight. The concierge is excellent-always securing us difficult to get dining reservations or other great finds. Additionally, they have helped us with other travel plans by making hotel and restaurant reservations in Napa, Sonoma, and Monterey that were all excellent. The front desk is extremely professional and courteous. The rooms are excellent with nice bed linens and views. The lychee martini is the absolute best I have had in the world. They have a local car that can take you to your destination when available. You have complimentary access to The LA sports club which is a first rate fitness center. I wouldn't stay anywhere else.  
<Date>Dec 21, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>adige
<Content>Best Birthday Stay I decided to stay overnight at the famous Four Seasons for my birthday. Although I am close, Mountain View, I figured it would be nice to be treated like a princess for the day. We drove up and at first had trouble getting to the hotel because of a 'love' parade that was happening on Market. But once the valet took the keys from us, it was smooth sailing. What can I say, they hooked me up with a corner room on the 16th floor, although I only paid for a moderate room. I believe that I was given a deluxe view room. I felt so spoiled. Floor-to-ceiling, windows with a panoramic view of the city! We headed down for cocktails at the Seasons Bar. The atmosphere was laid back and enjoyable. Then we went shopping in Union Square, which is only two blocks away. We came back and head to the gym, Sports Club/LA. My husband went swimming and played some basketball. We did not get the chance to use all the facilities as we had two friends coming by for cocktails and dinner. Rushed back upstairs to change and wow, there was a nice big slice of chocolate cake waiting for me with a big happy birthday on it! :) What a nice touch!We all had dinner at the Four Season's restaurant. It was delightful. When we returned to our rooms, the bed had been turned down, the curtains were drawn, the light low, comforting music had been turned on, and waters place on both of our stands. We sank into the duvet covers and sweet dreams until the morning. The next day I had a 90 minute massage at Splash. It was wonderful. The masseuse was worked my muscles into liquid puddy. Ahhhh! Check out was too soon.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A San Francisco Treat Our experience at the Four Seasons this past week-end was a definite treat of a lifetime. My partner and I celebrated her 33rd birthday in the city and I'm almost certain that our stay at the Four Seasons definitely takes the cake! The service was stellar and everyone in the staff was friendly but not to the point of being over bearing. Our spacious room on the 16th floor had an excellent view of Market and the bathroom was also big and immaculately clean.This might have been our first stay at the Four Seasons but certainly won't be the last! Certainly a memorable experience!  
<Date>Oct 31, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Simple Elegance We love the Four Seasons because we are not overwhelmed with staff . Whenever we have a need, they are right there to make sure everything is taken care of for us. This hotel was very elegant. Getting to the registration desk was a little confusing, but the doorman makes sure you have the instructions you need. The main entrance to the hotel is on a side street. There is an entrance on Market Street that you would use when you are walking.We missed our chocolates at turn down, but the water was a nice touch. The hair stylist Sebastian was great, as was the colorist ,Angela at the Joseph Cozza salon in the hotel. The dinner menu was limited, but the quantity of food was generous, and delicious. For a large city hotel, the rooms were large and beautiful. My husband loved the complimetary shoe shine and the large shower, not to mention the wonderful bed and linens. The exercise facility is a health club, and it was quite busy with the club members. The swimming pool was a lap pool. so I did not get to lounge around the pool. That was a little disappointing.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>onmyway
<Content>The Best for Kids Frommers reccommends the Pan Pacific. We stayed 2 nights at the Pan Pacific and 1 at the Seasons. The Four Seasons is the best. Childrens amenities were in our room on arrival. The kids room serivce menu is great. Location on Market near Union Sqaure and Nordstroms in good. Usually we stay at a Four Seasons but opted to try the Pan Pacific based on Frommers. Never again.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Lady_World_Traveller
<Content>The Lap of Luxury       Stunning flowers in the lobby  
<Date>Aug 24, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>suedestar
<Content>THE BEST!!!!!!!!! The best Four Seasons of all, top notch.....  
<Date>Jul 23, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great as Usual Stayed weekend of May 28-30 as I usually do when in SF. Experienced another great stay. They didn't have the type of room that I wanted so they upgraded me to an executive suite. Since I had to wait they took care of our bar tab in the lounge that evening. Although I have not been there in more than a year my favorite newspaper was hanging on my door every morning. Whenever the bellman that assisted me upon arrival saw us he would greet us by name. These are some of the reasons I always stay at a Four Seasons whenever possible.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fabulous Hotel! My husband and I had a wonderful experience at this hotel. When booking our room I tried to get a Bed and Breakfast special that is advertised on the Four Seasons website ($385). There were no rooms available for that rate, not surprising, I guess, since I was booking only three weeks in advance. I ended up booking the package at $425 per night. The reservations agent said she would request a room on a high floor with a view. Wow, did she ever! We were given room 1609 which is a corner room and the view was great! The room was very bright and airy and the king bed was extremely comfortable. The bathroom was lovely.Breakfast was included in our package so we ate in the hotel each morning. The food was delicious and the service was very attentive. We commented to each other on how happy all the staff seemed to be. Everyone we came in contact with was helpful and appeared to take great pride in their work. The concierges were very good at their jobs. We had never been to San Francisco before and they were very helpful to us. We had a top notch dinner at the C  L Steakhouse on their recommendation. Also, we used the house car on two occasions. Going to dinner in a chauffered black Lincoln sedan is much more fun than a taxi ! Overall, the experience was pricey but well worth it in our opinion. We will be back.  
<Date>May 2, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolutely magnificent! I've stayed in quite a few hotels, and tend to be quite critical, but this is the first time I've ever had a hotel experience with no flaws whatsoever. The lobby is modern and beautiful, our room had a wonderful view, and the service was almost ridiculous in how thorough it was. When in the lobby/main hotel area, you will never have to actually have to open a door for yourself. And when we first arrived, I was lost as to where to go for about 2 seconds before a staffperson realized this and helped me. In addition to all this, the room had excellent modern furnishings, with a comfortable bed and very good room service.For comparison's sake, I stayed in the Ritz a couple months ago. It isn't even in the same class - while a very nice hotel, it doesn't stand out among the very best like the Four Seasons does.  
<Date>May 2, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>travelfromMN
<Content>Fabulous!! This was our first trip to San Francisco. I loved it and it had a lot to do with staying at the Four Seasons. I can't think of one negative point. The rooms are very spacious, the service is perfect, the food is great. The concierge can help you with almost anything and they go out of their way to do so. I would go back just to stay with them again.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>llwcl
<Content>Fabulous hotel - great location I have stayed at the FS SF twice for business. It is a beautiful hotel, with clean large rooms, L'Occitane bath products, excellent service and very good food. The location is within blocks of Union Square (great shopping) and close to the business district. I dont think I will stay anywhere else in SF. The staff is accomodating and warm and the hotel is excellent, for business or pleasure.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>four seasons is the best a portlander's view Just got back from 3 nights at the Four Seasons. Enjoyed the service from all aspects of our stay. Special recognition to Gabe at the Four Seasons bar who made our stay very enjoyable. Introduced us to the terrific lychee martinis. Also, enjoyed the service provided by the doorman and the hotel limo driver. When dining at the Seasons restaurant, my girlfriend and I really enjoyed the blueberry jam and mentioned it to the staff. They gave us some to take with us. What service!!!! Restaurant reservations were made by the concierge for us without a hitch. Can't wait to go back.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>srb
<Content>Problems My husband and I are frequent guests at the Four Seasons, San Francisco. Recently we opted to stay at the Campton Place due to the labor strike going on in the city. We did, however, go to the Four Seasons for brunch We were shocked at the horrible service and food. There are really not words for how appalling the service was at the restaurant. We generally love to stay there and enjoy it so much. We also generally greatly enjoy our meals in the restaurant. I would definitely avoid the Four Seasons while the labor strike is going on. The service has been greatly affected. The hotel felt deserted. We really hope that the Four Seasons gets things back up to par. We are returning in a month or so and will not be staying there (Campton Place instead) due to the horrible service we received this last trip.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>InstantNoodles
<Content>The Best, period. While in San Francisco, I have only stayed at this property and the Ritz-Carlton. Over at the Four Seasons, it is just better. The staff to guest ratio has to be notable鈥擨 never really had to wait, wait if I needed something done. I went while there was a lockout and the service is still flawless. To expand on this lockout, when I left the hotel at around 7AM on a Saturday to go somewhere, the picketers were already screaming into the microphones. I totally sympathize with the protestors but come on, don鈥檛 scream 鈥渟hame on you鈥?when I walk by鈥攊t鈥檚 just not necessary. However, you can鈥檛 hear it really because the guest rooms start on floor six. Back to the hotel, I like this hotel because the people working there. The concierge (open from 6:30-7AM to 11PM everyday) was able to locate my lost cellphone within a 30-minute timeframe, very impressive. The concierge team was able to procure last minute reservations at restaurants like Masa's, Boulevard, etc., very nice. I like the reception staff--all of them are very knowledgeable and will bend over backwards to make sure you are comfortable. Within reason, they try everything to make your stay as pleasant as possible. The decor is not as gaudy as the Ritz-Carlton. The environment exudes a subdued elegance-- which I like. At the hotel restaurant, Season's, the hostess will switch a white napkin to a black one if you are wearing black so the lint from the napkin won't show (they pay attention to details). I hope that made sense. I was kind of thrown off however when the restaurant added a service charge (gratuity?) for a party of three-- this practice I would assume is usually reserved for parties in excess of six. A glass of milk in the lounge costs close to $5, I learned this the hard way. Go to 7/11, which is open 24/7 (go out the Market Street entrance/exit and make a right鈥攊ts less than a block away). Parking is $39+14% Tax (Yes it sounds high; however, considering all hotels in SF are like that I wouldn't get hung over that). The Ritz's valet, last time I was there in June 2004, was $50+14% Tax per night/car. FYI, if you want to go to Chinatown and want a taxi, go out through the valet entrance, not the Market Street exit in the hotel鈥攊t鈥檚 cheaper. Basically, overall, every encounter with the staff was cordial. It is everything you would expect a Mobil Guide Five-Star Hotel to be.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it! Absolutely loved the Four Seasons. Went to San Francisco just for the day, but ended up staying the night and wanted to stay at a popular hotel, since there are so many hotels we'd never heard of, we didn't want to take a chance. We expected excellent service, a great comfortable and CLEAN room from a 5 star hotel, and we got it all, the beds were very comfortable we didn't want to get up in the morning, so if you need to be somewhere early just be prepared to cancel your plans or just put them off for a while. The staff was sooo friendly, always opening the doors and greeting you, even at 2 in the morning! And even though we didn't drive a BMW or Mercedes like everyone else there they still treated us as if we did. Unfortunately the only bad part was that there were protestors outside, but it didn't stop us from getting the room, they were outstide of almost every hotel. We didn't get to check out the whole hotel since we stayed there on such short notice and for only a day but I imagine it was just as nice as the pictures show. Also, we stayed in a Deluxe room for $329 and got a corner room, it was great because we got 2 huge windows on the 14th floor, we couldn't see the whole city or anything, but we're not picky like all these other psychos that complain about every little thing, so we appreciated what we got and thought it was a nice view. Hope you choose to stay at the Four Seasons and get the same great service as we did!  
<Date>Oct 24, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best Service at any Four Seasons Having stayed in many Four Seasons Hotels (married in one) this location is tops in service! Location is just a few (flat) blocks to Union Square, cable cars, museums, and Moscone Convention Center. I have stayed there many times and never had a single bad experience. If you are looking for a SF property you cannot go wrong with this hotel.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>a comfy haven We are so picky with our hotels...we werent sure what we were getting at the FS San Fran. but decided to take a chance. The hotel was impeccable for a hotel, so clean I felt extremely comfortable. The linens were heavenly, the Loccitane products are a fab touch. The location CANNOT be beat...walk out front and your staring at Armani, Saks, Nordstroms, Starbucks......A short cab drive to ANY restaurant. Staff is 4 Stars! Loved the twice a day maid service. It was so nice to be out all day and to come home to this!!! A true haven from a most picky hotel user! Will not even think about staying anywhere else again! CLEAN CLEAN CLEAN!!!!!!  
<Date>Aug 24, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The best in San Francisco I just spent five nights at the Four Seasons and it was terrific! Some previous reviewers did not like the location but I strongly disagree. It really is close to shopping, restaurants and all the major transportation available in the city. The food in this hotel is the BEST in town not only better than other hotels but better than the restaurants we dined at. I finally decided just to eat at the hotel. They have a great sports club and spa. The rooms were huge and very comfortable. Of course the service was up to the Four Seasons high standards. We can't wait to return.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>FlyOneWorld
<Content>Definitely the Four Seasons   showReview(2157738, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 6, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel!   showReview(2117551, 'full');   
<Date>May 25, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Superbe!   showReview(1851268, 'full');   
<Date>May 1, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel, Avoid the Spa   showReview(1534981, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 1, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hatescreenames
<Content>I just loved it here   showReview(1534721, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 1, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BusterLA
<Content>A lovely hotel in a rotten location   showReview(1372497, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 30, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>maineteacher
<Content>Perfection.   showReview(1346414, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 21, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Four Seasons was the best   showReview(1209067, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 5, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CB_from_OC
<Content>This is an exquisite hotel!   showReview(931391, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 8, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Greatest SF Hotel!   showReview(846023, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 23, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AvignonVal
<Content>Excellent !   showReview(15099204, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 17, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

