<Author>AKBOO
<Content>Almost perfect A delightful hotel, staff excellent - very friendly and helpful. My partner and I booked this quaint hotel for a combined trip of New Year celebration as well as visiting my newly born nephew. We have reasonably expensive taste and this hotel hit the mark in terms of accessibility and requirements. We stayed in a standard room because that's all that was left available - it was adequate but tiny. The only other thing I would say is request not to stay in room 21. It is ridiculously noisy, mainly due to the utility cupboard being right outside the door to the room and the cleaning staff clearly believe that do not disturb simply means don't enter but make as much noise as you like.... never mind. Luckily we had ear plugs with us!!  
<Date>Jan 6, 2009
<Rating>4	3	2	5	4	5	4	5	

<Author>chindig
<Content>Great hotel!       Front of the hotel  
<Date>Dec 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>km52170
<Content>LOVED THIS HOTEL This hotel was perfect for us. We had stayed at the Four Seasons George V for a few days on business. We were staying on for a long weekend as a personal vacation. We were cringing at the $800 price tag for a standard room at the Four Seasons so I found this hotel on trip advisor. I have never booked a hotel solely based on trip advisor, but I thought I would give it a shot. The fact that they allowed you to cancel 24 hours in advance gave us the ability to keep the reservation at the Four Seasons and then check out the E. Regencia in person first. We took a look and then went back and checked out of the Four Seasons and headed over 1 block to the Elysees Regencia. We were warmly welcomed with great service and hospitality. It was impeccably clean and comfortable. The rooms were small, but wonderfully appointed and had windows that opened up to a quaint cobblestone street. We received turndown and premier room amenities. I will definitely stay there my next time in Paris!!  
<Date>Nov 23, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>Joshandtia
<Content>Couldn't have made a better choice...       Our wonderful bed right next to the open window  
<Date>Nov 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lalger
<Content>Fantastic Hotel. Great Location! I booked this hotel for 2 nights at the end of October based on tripadvisor.com reviews and I was not disappointed! A 3 minute walk to Arc de Triomphe, a few different metro stations and Champs Elyesse, the location was fantastic. I booked the hotel via the hotels website and the booking went very smoothly. Reception and cleaning staff were attentive and very helpful. The newly refurbished room was a lovely size for a short break with a very nice bathroom. Breakfast was what we have come to expect from a city break hotel so on the second day we decided not to go for breakfast and save the 鈧?9. We had an early lunch in a small caf茅 called Comptoir de l'Arc鈥? a minutes walk down Avenue Marceau towards the Arc de Triomphe, and had a huge delicious salad for 鈧?0 each.I think the hotel was worth every penny!Would also like to recommend 脭 Chateau Cheese  Wine tasting lunch. We had a brilliant time and can鈥檛 praise highly enough! Definitely check out if you are partial to some cheese and wine!My second recommendation is for a restaurant near Eiffel Tower called Au Bon Acceil. We eat at some very nice places and this was one of the best meals my husband and I have ever had.The only bad thing about our Paris weekend was dinner at Chez Andre on Rue Marbeuf鈥ad food, service and more expensive than Au Bon Acceil. Waste of time and money. Lastly鈥razy Horse is also worth seeing!  
<Date>Nov 3, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>fosters14
<Content>Great hotel Wonderful hotel, excellent staff, rooms very clean. We will definitely come back again.They do everything you need.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>BettinaTauro
<Content>Great Location A nice cosy hotel with a great location. Very close to the metro and 3 to 4 stations away from the main attractions, don't have to change metro lines to get to the attractions. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The only thing that was a bit of a let down was the room size. Not much space to manoeuvre in once your baggage is in. The housekeeping was very good. Beds are extremely comfortable. Overall a very comfortable stay.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>fussytravelerSydney
<Content>You wont be dissapointed I booked this hotel because of all the great reviews and I have to say that it met my expectations! The hotel is in a great location - 5 minute walk to champs elysee and not far from a beautiful view of the eiffel tower. There are plenty of great cafes and restuarants around and the George V metro is only a 2 minue walk.The staff are extremely helpful giving great restuarant recommendations (go to Chez Andre) and helped give directions of how to get around with maps of paris  metro information. They were amazing and always happy to help.The rooms are very modern  a decent size for europe standards. They have a french feel with stripped wallpaper and wooden floors. We just booked a standard doule room and were not dissapointed. There is internet access at reception as well as a small bar and sitting area. The photos on the website don't lie.We found the best rate on the hotel website and also organised airport transfers with them.Overall it had everything you need to enjoy Paris.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>oxman78
<Content>Very Nice Stay at the Hotel Elysees       Main Entrance  
<Date>Sep 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Bill_McN
<Content>Excellent service, lovely room, breakfast mouthwatering and great location       Hotel  
<Date>Sep 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MaryLH
<Content>Terrific staff, too! Like the previous review, we were a family of four who stayed at the hotel in August. We were there for a week and also enjoyed the two family rooms at the end of a hall which we could close off from the rest of the floor.We echo all the great reviews which preceded ours, but would especially like to commend the concierge desk. Since we used them every day for everything from double checking our Metro routes to making restaurant reservations, we must thank them one and all. On our final day, they even printed out directions and maps to help us with a multi-stop trip down to the Loire Valley. When our college French hardly made the grade on the more complicated questions, we were incredibly relieved that the staff spoke such good English.We hope that the hotel management realizes what a competitive advantage it has in its concierge staff, breakfast wait staff, housekeepers and bellmen. Their many kindnesses and assistance greatly enhanced the pleasure of our stay in Paris. We look forward to seeing all of them again in the not-too-distant future. Merci beaucoup!  
<Date>Sep 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>NWSLondon
<Content>An excellent stay We stayed for four nights in August 2008, two adults and two children in two rooms that were cleverly connected at the end of a corridor by closing and internal door that gave us a hallway and two separate rooms, both with bathrooms.The hotel is very well decorated and is in very good condition. The staff are extremely helpful, my daughter left a necklace behind which they went to look for and returned as soon as they could. The rooms are fairly small but perfectly workable and are very well decorated with nice bathrooms, toiletries, bath robes, slippers etc.We ate breakfast in the restaurant only once but it was good and we had it delivered to our bedroom on another day which is always a treat.The hotel is located in a quiet but very central spot and there are good restaurants, the Bateaux Mouche, the Champs Elysees, Seine and Eiffel Tower all wihin easy walking distance.I would thoroughly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TLWhite
<Content>Elysees Regencia was wonderful! My husband and our 4 year old daughter had the pleasure of staying at the Hotel Elysees Regencia for 4 nights this week. The service was amazing, the hotel is clean and beautiful and the location was perfect for us! The hotel is situated a few blocks off the Champs Elysees on a relatively quiet street with wonderful restaurants very nearby. We enjoyed staying in a not so touristy area, but appreciated the proximity to the Eiffel Tower and the metro station. The room size was not a problem for the three of us at all (deluxe triple with king size bed and roll away) and the bathroom size was fine as well. We recommend this hotel highly to anyone traveling to Paris and would definitely stay there again!  
<Date>Sep 11, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TheRfamily
<Content>Perfect Stay! Thank you to all the staff at Hotel Elysees Regencia Paris, namely Kathrin for her special attention and care to details is helping our family plan our days in Paris.This hotel is in a perfect location. Spotlessly clean, excellent bedding, toiletries, and spacious.My husband and our two teenage daughters spent three wonderful, safe and quiet nights in this tucked away hotel.We were close by to great shopping, tourist attractions and fantastic Bakeries and Restaurants.We will be recommending Hotel Elysees Regencia Paris to our family and friends and hope to return ourselves soon!Many ThanksThe R Family  
<Date>Sep 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>linfield2004
<Content>quality, quality, quality hotel This is a small boutique style hotel, perfectly situated between the arch de triomphe  the eiffel tower, the reviews on trip advisor are well justified, the reception staff are superb,  literally cannot do enough for the client, the rooms are individually unique and furnished to the highest standards.Paris is not a cheap destination, but the facilities on offer here combined with the genuine hospitality afforded to guests make this hotel a force to be reckoned with compared to the big name competitors not far away, and at reasonable prices. A big thank you to the the staff at the elysees regencia for a truly special weekend.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>snips1982
<Content>Perfect I spent one night in the Elysees Regencia to surprise my girlfriend for her birthday. The reason I booked here was down to the recommendations through tripadvisor.I have to say we were not disappointed. The Hotel staff were extreamly helpful and spoke perfect English. We even got a room upgrade which was much appreciated.The hotel was clean and good standard. The bedroom (superior double thanks to the upgrade) was perfect and a good size for the center of Paris.The bathroom had a nice touch of petals left over the towels and the beds were turned down in the evening.I would recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Helenabombana
<Content>Great little hotel The Elysees Regencia is a lovely little hotel, tucked away a few streets from the Champs Elysees. I booked this hotel based on other Trip Advisor reviews and I wasn't let down.I would agree with other reviewers that Kathrin was fantastic. She always seemed to be on the reception desk day or night and recognised all of the hotel guests without you having to say a word.The rooms are lovely and much more spacious than any I have stayed in in Paris previously. This is definitely a four star hotel, the rooms are not as luxuroius as other 4 stars as I have stayed in, but to be fair they never claimed to be and suited us fine.There are some great restaurants within walking distance on the Rue Marbeuf, Kathrin recommended one to us and it was lovely.I would definitely stay here next time I am in Paris.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>DROntario
<Content>Great hotel in Paris, don't look any further. I stayed at this hotel for 5 days with my three kids (age 11 to 16) in August, 2008. Had two adjoining rooms which their website calls the Family Room. I was booking late and found that nearly all Parisian hotels use a service that does not not confirm an on-line booking but sends you an acknowledgment which is then confirmed or denied 24-48 hours later. Kind of frustrating so I just called the hotel directly and everything was completed within minutes. A tentative, Parlez-vous anglais? will result in a quick change to the English language so don't be intimidated! The location is excellent with easy walking distance to Champs Elysee and Eiffel Tower. George V Metro stop a 3-5 minute walk and this is on the line which runs to Louvre, Notre Dame, Le Marais and a stop across bridge from Musee D'Orsay (Paris Visite Metro passes best bargain in the city). Single subway change to get to Montmartre. The staff are very helpful, friendly, fluently bilingual. The property itself on beautiful, treed, quiet street. Rooms very nicely decorated and spacious. Two large (essentially floor to ceiling with mini-balcony) windows in each room open onto the leafy street. Very comfortable beds. Bathrooms very nicely appointed with L'Occitaine toiletries. Easily set up in-room safe for passports, laptop etc if you wish to use. Free, easily set up, high speed, WiFi in rooms. The buffet breakfast is somewhat expensive by North American standards (19 Euros for adults) but very standard for Europe and was great with excellent scrambled eggs, sausages and bacon, french toast and crepes, cereal, croissants, addictive pain au chocolat, fruit etc etc. Also great bottomless coffee, cappuccino, hot chocolate for kids etc. We essentially used it as a main meal to start the day, then small snack in mid-afternoon and then out for a late supper. My kids already missing it after returning home. Did not use the service but they will do same day laundry too. Staff arranged a car (VW minibus) for transport to DeGaulle airport for the four of us with bags for 75 Euros which was very convenient and cheap relative to other choices (for 4 people). Not sure if hotel would arrange pickup using same company but suspect yes. I would recommend this hotel without reservation and would plan on staying again whenever in Paris the next time. It felt like a home away from home. Think it is great value relative to many other hotels. Would recommend for families with teenagers, couples looking for romantic location/experience. Also families with small children although I found all of Paris very tolerant and welcoming of kids in strollers. Just might have to be careful to keep those windows locked (they are very secure actually) but think this would be true of nearly all hotels anyway.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MikeWebb
<Content>Perfect! I would just like comment on how impressed we were with this hotel. All of the staff were extremely helpful and professional, the decor in every part of the hotel was very tasteful. Rooms always kept tidy, sound proofed from the road outside and air conditioned. We stayed for our honeymoon and found that the location was great and atmosphere relaxing.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DanDSacramento
<Content>Fantastic Paris Hotel!! We just completed a five night stay in Paris and found this hotel to be nothing short of fantastic! It is located just a short ten minute walk from both the Eifell Tower and Arch De Triumph. My wife and I stayed with our two teenage granddaughters and the room we were provided had ample space. We picked this hotel because of the positive reviews on Trip Advisor and would echo the comments made by other travelers. The staff at the hotel and Katherin in particular really go out of thier way to make your stay enjoyable. I would highly recommend this hotel for anyone traveling to Paris.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>KAREN084
<Content>Wonderful Hotel for a Hen Weekend! Perfect Location Stayed at the Regenica for my friends Hen weekend. The hotel was just as the pictures on the hotels website. If you go out the hotel  walk 5 mins down the paris streets you are hit with the wonderful view of the Eiffel we went to a little Parisian Cafe called Chez Francis recommended by the hotel which was lovely for a bite to eat  wine while enjoying the view of the Eiffel. The Arc de Triumphe 10mins walk  only one street away from the Champs Elysee so the location is just PERFECT!!!The rooms were lovely clean modern style rooms although small but this is expected in any large city!!!! Hotel staff were extremely helpful  friendly  dealt with any of our requests from the party of 12 girls. The breakfast room is down in the basement  there is a full array of breakfast options to choose from, loved the pancakes  maple!!!I will definetely be coming back to Paris  would not think of staying in any other hotel as the friendly staff, location are just perfect!  
<Date>Jul 31, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>inchicago1
<Content>Perfect Paris Hotel This is the ultimate Paris hotel! It's a beautiful building in a quiet area but just a couple blocks from the Champs Elysses, very centrally located. The staff were extremely friendly and always helpful. The service was better than any 4 or 5 star I have stayed in recently, some of this was in part due to the hotel's small size. It didn't take long to get to know all of the hotel staff who always would greet us with a smile. We booked this hotel for a total of 5 nights. We reserved a superior room but were upgraded to a deluxe room with a beautiful view of the Eiffel Tower out of our window. Room was VERY spacious by European standards, modern, sharply decorated, and very clean. The bed was nice and comfortable. I would recommend this hotel to anyone! Don't shell out 100s more euros on a huge cookie-cutter hotel just because it has an extra star attached. You'll have a better experience at the Hotel Elysees Regencia  
<Date>Jul 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>luray
<Content>Great rooms great location My husband booked this hotel for our 10th wedding anniversary. we were not disappointed - it's a gorgeous quiet hotel just 5 minutes walk from Tour Eiffel and Arc De Triomphe. our room was the same as the one they show on their website. We arrived to rose petals, tea and coffee making facilities, and macarrons. The bed was turned down every night and chocolates left on it. the room had lovely big windows, nice timber flooring and a nice crisp feel to it. We didn't have breakfast prefering to eat al fresco in one of paris' many boulangeries.Definitely would recommend this hotel - relaxed and perfect location - ideal for second honeymoon!!  
<Date>Jul 23, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	3	4	5	

<Author>kales631
<Content>Blissfully Perfect! There really isn't enough I could say about this hotel. We booked through the hotel website (after reading the reviews on trip advisor) and my husband advised the hotel that we would be celerating our wedding anniversary and my 30th b-day while in Paris and requested a balcony if possible. When we arrived in Paris we were blown away by our service at the hotel. We arrived much earlier than check in time but they took our luggage and asked us to have a seat in the lounge, offered us delicious coffee and our room was quickly prepared while we waited. When we walked into our room I was overwhelmed by how perfect it was--gorgeously decorated, rose petals strewn everywhere, yummy petit fours to welcome us, L'Occitane toiletries and best of all--they upgraded our room to one of the top rooms, with a balcony and a VIEW of the Effel tower. Over the course of our stay, are beds were turned down evey night with chocolates and a different L'Occitane product every night, we were recommended to a wonderful restaurant on my birthday and they made the reservations for us and everything. The place was spotless, the staff was fantastic and our stay was blissfully perfect! I cannot recommend this place enough. My husband and I will most certainly return here when we visit Paris again!!  
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>dunnEngland
<Content>A hidden gem of a hotel in Paris We visited Paris to celebrate our daughters 18th birthday and we couldn't have choosen a better hotel for this occasion. The rooms are small, but you expect that in a city hotel, and are decorated to a high standard with colourful and 'funky' interiors. The rooms are well equipted with all the facilities that you would expect from a four star hotel and the pictures on the hotel website are very accuarte and give a really good idea of what to expect.The location of this hotel is brilliant being close to all of the major tourist attractions and there are plenty of restaurants/bars near to the hotel.But what sets this hotel apart from the others is the helpfulness of the staff...nothing was too much trouble and they went out of their way to make our stay special.Would definately recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>JB777NYC
<Content>Great Hotel, Great Value, Great Location; Even Better service While it probably does not get 5 stars in some travel guides, the Elysees Regencia is a great hotel in the perfect location and a 5 star hotel in my book. You wont find any hotel snobs staying there; only savvy travelers who appreciate value and refuse to pay for stars alone. Central and within walking distance to the major Parisian sites. The rooms are a real good value considering that hotels 1 block away charge almost 3x as much; I have stayed in the others. Dont be fooled by the unassuming front space. The rooms are spacious and stylish. The staff is young and enthusiastic AND very professional. I had a personal situation and they were understanding and very helpful. Katherin and her colleagues are the BEST. They do their part to help the French reputation for service. I travel alot in western Europe, so when in Paris, I will be there for my stay.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	5	

<Author>sarasaopaulo_Brasil
<Content>Better than expected I was nervous pulling up to this hotel I booked through TRIP. I mean you never really know how accurate the comments are, right? well in our case they were spot on. A family of 5 (2 parents, 3 college age girls) spent 4 lovely nights in this small hotel. we really were not looking for a 5 star palace, or a large hotel. we wanted to feel ourselves in Paris, and we did. The biggest blessing? katrine : the conceirge (sorry about misspelling). She and her troupe of helpers are just fantastic. They can melt the sometimes grouchy humors of fed-up with tourists Parisians. She could handle everything we threw at her.And yes, the breakfast is a bit pricey and the basement with no sun a bit like a dungeon but we enjoyed the complete breakfasts before long hours spent walking,walking, walking. I will recommend this hotel to my friends and business associates.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>HKBride06
<Content>Lovely Boutique Hotel We booked a deluxe room which is larger than the size of a standard room from 30th Jun for 6 nights. Its our first trip in Paris. The size of rooms in Paris hotels are relatively small. I am glad we paid extra to stay in a larger room. Everything they provided meet our expectations - cleanliness, services, location, room size..etc. The neighbourhood is nice and quiet and we felt very safe to walk around even at nights. We had three large and heavy suitcases as we've been travelling round the world for weeks. Paris is our last destination. We requested a late checkout and the hotel was nice enough to arrange for 4pm. Our flight didn't leave Paris till 7pm. We therefore able to make the most of our trip by taking a nice walk around after lunch. I would say this hotel offered good value for money and will recommend to friends in future.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>PlantHead
<Content>Romantic and well situated An old Parisian town house which has been given the modern touch. The room was lovely and much bigger than I expected, the bathroom was brilliant with lots of extra bits and bobs (freebies)The bed was huge, the misses says a little hard (cough) but a small complaint.Breakfast was an extra cost and a little expensive (you can find a good breakfast just along the street in one of the many brasseries) but the scrambled egg was excellent, worth the money if you are hungry. The staff were friendly and I have no complaints about any of the service, the room was serviced perfectly everytime we went out, not just in the morning. An expensive hotel but we got what we paid for, and the location was spot on.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>GS123
<Content>Perfect for a first visit to Paris Great hotel for our first visit to Paris. Good location - just a short walk from the Champes Elysees - within easy reach of all the sights.Very friendly and helpful and knowledgeable staff who made excellent dinner recommendations. Our room was upgraded from a standard room to a junior suite on arrival - very nice!Easy to see why it's so highly rated.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Louvre0208
<Content>Fantastic Hotel! Fantastic hotel!We have just returned from a weekend at this hotel and it was great! Ideally placed for everything. We found the closest metro to be Alma Marceau. Having stayed at the George V and Crillon previously this hotel was up there with the best of them - and we will definitely be staying here next time we go to Paris!  
<Date>Jul 3, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>happy_camper015
<Content>Special Hotel for a special occasion As previous visitors to Paris, we wanted something a little bit special to celebrate our 25th Wedding Anniversary, and with a little bit of help from Trip Advisor, we found it in this Wonderful little Hotel in a lovely part of the city.As our three night stay here was part of our ongoing holiday, we drove our car, and pre-booked a parking space with the Hotel. This worked very well, as one member of the hotel staff escorted our bags to our room, whilst another accompanied me to the Car Park. This was essential as, although the car park was a short stones throw from the hotel, a tricky 'one way system' needed to be navigated. Once there, the car was left, extremely secure behind locked doors, for the duration of our stay, although we were able to gain access to it if required. The excellent location of this hotel enabled us to walk to most of the places we wanted to visit, and the only transportation we used was the River Ferryboat, to explore further along the Seine.We booked the 'Romantic Package' and everything in the room was pretty much as, or more than we hoped for; with Champagne, cakes, fruit, candles, rose petals, music etc. for our welcome. The room was very spacious, with the biggest and most comfortable bed that I've ever slept in.One big surprise after reading the reviews here, was the excellent FREE Wi-Fi available in our room which was fantastic for communication with our two lads we left at home, and checking out places to visit. The only tiny imperfection of our stay was our Champagne etc was on our arrival and not our special day. This was soon rectified by a visit to the little off licence (liquor store) around the corner in the nearest side street, next to the Car Park. (For those not paranoid about mini bars, additional Champagne was also available in our room).Also in this side street were Patisseries, and a small supermarket, not to mention a friendly little informal restaurant, with lovely food (as recommended by the hotel desk staff). I know you have read this before, but...What makes this Hotel so special is its staff; from the guys and gals on reception, to the maids who turn your bed down and leave a little chocolate on your pillow at night, to the man who tops up your coffee at breakfast and the guys who take you to the Car Park. Everybody we met was always efficient, courteous, friendly, but never patronising. To any of staff who may be reading this, we wish to say a big thank you for making our special occasion so SPECIAL.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Ccosculluela
<Content>Great little Hotel This hotel is in an excellent location. The staff is extremely user friendly. They go out of their way to assist you in any way. We stayed in a deluxe room which is larger than the standard rooms. Hotels in Paris are generally small but we found the Deluxe room to be fine. It is in a very safe area, within walking distance of most major attractions, George V (designer shopping) ET, CE etc. It is even within walking distance to the metro that takes you to Versailles. We found this better than going there on a tour as you can stroll the wonderful gardens at your leisure and see the petite trianon. The tours generally don't allow for that much wandering on your own.I highly recommend that you check out the bicycles that are right outside the hotel steps about 30 feet to the left. Paris has this great bike rental system. You pick up a bike at one of the many bike stands and return it at ANY bike stand around the city. Be aware that you should return a bike to a stand if you plan to stop off at a place instead of locking it to a post. That way you won't incur usage fees. Simply return the bike, do your thing and return to the bike stand to rent another one. It was a great way to see Paris as a local as we went into neighborhoods that we would otherwise not have seen. Oh by the way, a French lady advised us that bikes are allowed to use the bus lane on the street.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Leo2002
<Content>Had a great stay We just stayed at this hotel for 6 nights and had a wonderful stay. The staff was very friendly and always so helpful with questions, dinner reservations, ideas for things to do, etc. The hotel itself is not very large, as in the lobby, etc, but it's part of its charm unless you like a huge lobby with lots of hustle and bustle. In fact, the lobby was usually quiet. Our room, I believe we had a deluxe, was a good size- as well as the bathroom. Everything was modern and sleek, and very clean. We only had breakfast one morning in the hotel. It was pricey, as is Paris in general, and it was generally good. The selection was somewhat basic compared to larger hotels we've stayed in but it was still good- the quality of the food was great. There are cafe's nearby- one next door- but they didn't seem to have a full breakfast menu so we walked down to Place Alma and ate at Cafe Corona a few times where we had omelettes, etc. The location is very convenient to the metro and to the Champs Elysees. It is on a large avenue- Marceau- but it's quiet in and of itself without many businesses. You only need to walk a few min. in either direction to find the action, though. It's probably a plus to not be in the middle of the action as far as the noise level too. All in all we had an excellent stay and would highly recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Traveling_Viking
<Content>Great hotel We stayed at this hotel for one night in June 2008. In short this is a great little hotel. The staff is very friendly, polite and helpful, and did everything they could to make our stay a nice experience.The room was great and very nicely decorated. The small touches, such as the rose pedals on the towel and the cuddly pink pillows on the bed, did a lot for us.The breakfast buffet was great with all kinds of pastry, fresh fruits, cereals, youghurts, eggs, bacon and sausages. The breakfast locale, in the old cellar, is also very nice.The location is great: 5 min. walk from the Arc de Triumph, 5 minutes walk from the Seine and 5 minutes from Champ Elysees.Staying at this hotel made our stay in Paris a very enjoyable experience and I recommend it to everyone looking for a nice little cosy hotel in Paris.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Jane131262
<Content>2 Day Paris Break I chose the Elysee primarily from the reviews from this website, which had been fantastic and to the most part they are completely true. The hotel has an excellent location on the Ave Marceau. We took the Air France bus from the airport which dropped us off at the Arc de Triomphe, it was then a short 10 minute walk over to the hotel. The bus was great, clean, prompt and only cost 22 euros for the return ticket. The staff at the hotel were very attentive, we arrived around 2pm, our room wasnt ready but within 5 minutes they had got it all ready for us. I travelled to Paris with my 13 year old son, the room we were allocated was a twin room on the top floor over looking the front of the hotel, spacious, clean and modern. My only complaint came at night time, once you turned off the TV etc... all you could hear was the chugging of a generator of some sort coming from the non-guest room next door, it took quite some time to get to sleep the first night as it went on all through the night, had we been staying for more than 2 nights I would have requested a room move.We didn't eat breakfast in the hotel as it was over priced and you could get breakfast easily and at a cheaper price in any of the local cafes in the area. The hotel is ideally placed for the Metro, which was quick and easy to use, very close to the Eiffel Tower, took us about 15 minutes to walk over, and only a 5 minute walk to the Champs Elysee. I would definitely return to the hotel as it was small and personal and a fab location.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>garsington
<Content>Four Star Hotel.... Five Star Deluxe Service at Three Star Price Outstanding Hotel Unbeatable Value for Paris.Concierges Just Super Efficient and Helpful......even refused tip because It is our duty and pleasure to serve you!Best Breakfast in Paris...........fresh fruits, freshly squeezed juices, cold platter, american cooked breakfast, cereals, croissants etc for 19 euros a bargain.......you can skip lunch after that!Fabulous Location just off Champs ElyseesComfortable Clean Rooms and Bathroom with Occitane cosmetics-yes rooms a little small (but a little bigger than most rooms at hotels of comparable standard) but with so much to see in Paris........is one really going to hole up in one's room all day watching TV? Not even an issue!Free Internet terminal in reception and free wireless internet about to be installed.Need one say anymore!Tennis players especially welcomed!!!!  
<Date>Jun 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BotanyBay
<Content>Personal service, excellent location, difficult to fault Spent six nights during May 2008. Location as noted by others is excellent. Stroll to The Trocadero to view the ET or mooch in a cafe, only a few hundred meters from Arc De Triomph and Champs Elysees, many great restaurants around George V are only minutes away and if you feel energetic (we did!), stride down Avenue Foch and soon you are in the giant expanses of the Bois de Bouloigne where rabbits hop freely.Room was cosy, well decorated and clean. Smallish but by Paris standards not bad. Bathroom well equipped with very small separate toilet. Best thing about this hotel is the personal service. Not fussy but knowledgeable and helpfulBreakfast can be had in the gorgeous cellar location and its excellent -but quite pricey - so we went 5 meters to the right of the hotel front door to the Cafe Moureax (sp?) where an excellent coffee and croissant can be had for a fraction of the price. Try Bistro Alfred close by (Reception will advise) and also Entrecot, a Parisian institution where there is no menu but the best steaks in town!I visit paris twice a year for work and this will become my home away from home for sure  
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Red_LFC
<Content>Excellent I took my wife for three nights in May 08 to celebrate her 30th birthday. On arrival, first impressions were good. Clean modern entrance with friendly staff. Checked in quickly and room was spacious and more than I'd expected.Staff were freidnly  helpful throughout the visit and we had no issues. Hotel is in an excellent location, 5 mins walk to metro, Champs Elysees, 15 mins to Eiffel Tower.I booked this hotel having read many good reviews on this site and they are all deserved. We had a wonderful stay and look forward to returning again in the future.  
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>NYCBuddies
<Content>Such a little gem! I read all of the glowing reviews on TripAdvisor and wondered if they could all be legit. They are! I brought my girlfriend to Paris to ask her to marry me, so needless to say I wanted everything to be perfect! This hotel was not listed in any of the travel guides for Paris (which kind of concerned me), but it didn't matter! Excellent service, pristine rooms, fabulous location, and very affordable. (By the way, she said YES!)  
<Date>May 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>brooklynjoe
<Content>Hotel Elysees vs. American Airlines Service My wife and I stayed here for a week on late April, 2008. It was wonderful. Here is the difference between American Airlines and this hotel's service. On the last day, our flight from Paris to JFK was cancelled by American Airlines. We had already checked out of the hotel. We called American Airlines, waded through their voicemail options, and then were put on hold for 45 minutes. Finally, we were told that American Airlines could instead put us on a connecting flight but it wouldn't leave for another day. This flight would connect THROUGH DALLAS that would turn our 7 hour direct flight into 16 hours of connecting flights. I asked AA if they could put us on their direct flight the next day and they told us that there were no more economy seats left; there were Business Class seats but they were holding those for paying customers. Since we paid almost $800 each for our coach seats, I asked what is the definition of a paying customer. No real response. So we turned around and asked Hotel Elysees if we could book another night in the hotel. Unfortunately they were already booked solid and had no rooms available. But instead of just turning us away, they called another hotel down the street and then told us that this hotel would give us a room for the same rate we paid Hotel Elysees. We walked down the block and were put in one of Paris' nicest hotels and they gave us a $2000 per night suite for much much less. There was an outside balcony that overlooked the Eiffel Tower. It was amazing. And we've still never heard why AA cancelled our flight.  
<Date>May 12, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	5	4	3	

<Author>Gianmaria
<Content>Wonderful hotel       The hotel internet point...  
<Date>May 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Out_There_61
<Content>Location, Atomosphere, Friendliness - this hotel has it all!       The view from our balcony  
<Date>May 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>rosebud4
<Content>Fantastic service  This hotel had a fantastic front desk staff. They made reservations for our dinners and made great suggestions for other options when one of our choices was closed.The rooms and bathrooms are small, but it is Paris. The location was perfect. Walking distance to the metro and several local sites. Great little cafes' just down the street with a great nightime view of the Effel Tower.If you are taking a cab to the hotel from the airport or train have the name of the hotel written on a piece of paper otherwise it may not translate. Once we got to the hotel we picked up a pack of matches to use as our cab driver directions.  
<Date>May 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>DJ139
<Content>C'est magnifique! We've just returned from a wonderful week in Paris at the Elysees Regencia. We picked the hotel based upon the glowing TripAdvisor reviews, and we were not disappointed.The hotel is located in a rather staid part of Paris, without the vibrant street life of St. Germain or the Marais. This means a good walk or a metro ride to get to popular sites, restaurants and shopping. Fortunately the Elysees Regencia is located a short walk from at least five metro stops; the closest, and the one we used regularly, is the George V on the Champs Elysees. It is also an easy walk to the Arc de Triomphe at the top of Avenue Marceau, as well as to the Eiffel Tower in the other direction.We booked a deluxe double on the fourth floor, with two large windows overlooking Avenue Marceau (a note: Avenue Marceau is a busy street and, while the dual-glazed windows keep out the worst of the noise, lite sleepers should request a room at the back of the hotel). The room was quite large by European standards, with a comfortable king bed, a desk, an armoire/entertainment center and two club chairs. The rooms are very nicely furnished in a clean, contemporary style with dark woods and bright accent colors (our room was aniseed). The room and bathroom were spotlessly clean, and the bath was well-stocked with soft towels, shampoo, soaps and even shaving and nail care kits. Breakfast, served under the stone vaults of the basement, featured a good selection of pain au chocolat, croissants, breads, crepes, cereals, fresh fruit, eggs, sausage, juices and coffee. The price is a bit steep at 19 euro, but is well worth it for the excellent quality and convenience.But the best feature of the Elysees Regencia is its superb young staff. From the front desk (especially Kathrin, who made all our dinner reservations, and Pascal-Arthur, who arranged for a car to take us to the airport) to the breakfast room to the doorman, the hotel staff are wonderfully friendly, polite and professional (not to mention fluent in English). From the moment we walked in we were made to feel welcome, and every request or question was met with a smile and a prompt and efficient response. It is the staff that makes the Elysees Regencia so special. We will definitely stay here again when (not if!) we return to Paris.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Bellefast
<Content>The Best little 4 star in Paris Returning to Paris for the 5Th time I wanted a small boutique type hotel rather than the large 5 stars I had used before. The staff alone make this hotel worth staying at. I was badly let down by a local restaurant ( The Cafe L'Homme ! )  the day before my trip emailed the hotel who gave me many wonderful suggestions for special occasion dining at every price level. Pascal  Karin were the perfect hosts. They assisted us with referrals, reservations and transfers. We arrived a lot earlier than planned  dallied around the Champs Elysees for longer than was required for our suite to be ready. When we returned Pascal stalled us for a few minutes so ice could be renewed for our champagne and candles freshly lit in the room ( more Four Seasons than 4 star ) Everything was simply perfect.The address is a great point of origin for all sights and the buffet breakfast was of a very high standard. Whilst we had no need to avail of room service we noted the prices were more than decent. In fact the minibar was such good value for a hotel we availed of it - which is something I usually never do. We had the loft suite, which included a comfortable seating area  a wonderful multi-jet massage shower. A view over the rooftops of Paris  yes it did have an Eiffel Tower view whilst it was just about the top 5Th of it you couldn't complain - you know if the staff would bring it closer they could.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CJ1920
<Content>Fabulous upgrade We have just returned from a one night stay at the Hotel Elysees Regencia Paris and cannot compliment them enough on our visit.We arrived early to check-in (around 11am) and were told we were being upgraded to a suite. It was beautiful with a separate living area and large claw-foot bath. It was a lovely surprise and very much appreciated. It was room 10 and I was worried about noise as it was beside the stairs, but we were not disturbed.The staff were incredibly helpful at all times and recommended an excellent restaurant nearby for dinner.The location is great, ideally situated for seeing the sights in Paris.We had breakfast in the hotel and although quite pricey they did have a good selection of meats, cheeses and fruit.I would definitely recommend this hotel and will be returning.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tw816
<Content>not bad i don't know is anyone know is hard to find the hotel in Paris. usually price is high then other country. Franch people really know how to make money from Traveler. anyway i stay here for 5 night, down side is there is no wireless is the room, only way conect internet is Loby or you buy the wireless card for start as 35 euro. i think that is stupid, this trip i travel in europe for 1 month. this hotel is the only one i stay is no internet connection in room. food is Paris is kind the high specially inside the hotel. i am travel along so did not eat breakfast inside the hotel, but been to other cafe place food is high then italy  Netherlands. if you bugect travel need watch out the money you spend on your daily meal. you can take air france shuttle from airport but if you bought round trip will cheap then if you buy sigle tickets, but i cannot believe hotel stuff did not tell me this when i am in paris. bus driver also will not tell you. and watch out the change when you shop or go out buy the food. i got 5 times they give me change with wrong amount of change back, so be sure take your time count the money first before you leave the store. sometime busy small restaurant or store will give you lots coins not the bill so you just did not think much and left but be careful sometime you just give them extra tip you even did not know.anyway so far everything is ok, but really hard to find the hotel or even good location in the average amount you paid for it. taht is how i feel from this trip in Paris, if anyone know let me know.....  
<Date>Apr 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	1	

<Author>TarfHead
<Content>A great place to stay in the 16e My wife and I stayed here last weekend (18/19/20 APR 2008).The quality of the hotel and staff made a positive impact on what was, overall, a wonderful weekend in Paris.Finding the hotel on Avenue Marceau was straightforward. Check-in was trouble-free and the room provided was in line with what was booked.All staff were friendly and happy to help us out with any queries we had, despite the fact we had few words of the French language.The hotel is in easy reach of Etoile and 2 other Metro stations (George V  Kleber).We only ate breakfast in the hotel and, both times, the food on offer at the buffet could not be faulted in terms of quality and variety.If we return to Paris, we would be happy to book a room here once again.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2008
<Rating>5	3	4	4	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>The_Harps
<Content>Nice Cosy Hotel We booked this Hotel after reading the reviews on Tripadvisor. It didn't disappoint. I chose it because my wife was running in the Paris Marathon and the Hotel's location was very close to the start and finish.It was ideally located for the metro which in turn was excellent to get around to see all the sights.The current Euro/Pound fluctuations made Paris quite expensive, but for a Hotel all it's food and drink prices were comparable. The breakfast was brilliant and good value as it is buffet style so you can go and help yourself (many times!!).I would definitely stay there again.The only very slight moan was that the loo was seperate from the bathroom, it was a very small space and with the door closed I easily banged by elbows on the side and my feet touched the facing wall when sat!! Also the loo was facing you as you opened the room door.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2008
<Rating>4	3	-1	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>thoseinfavour
<Content>A Charming Hotel My wife and I and two girls (15  11) stayed here for three nights in ground floor suite. Price-wise, broadly comparable to central London as it's in a fantastic location within walking distance of the Champs Elysees. The room was lovely, rather like a bathroom surrounded by sleeping/living space. A great shower and fabulous freestanding clawfoot bath plus two sinks. Forgot about the 1 hour time difference with UK so we all slept in on the first morning. Someone obviously realised we weren't going to arrive in the breakfast room as booked so brought everything to the room. I believe we weren't charged any extra which was very gracious.The room was beautifully clean and tidy every time we came back from sightseeing and the staff were immensely helpful and charming throughout.Very nice indeed, would definitely return.Kevin, West London  
<Date>Apr 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>KMaxwell
<Content>Great Hotel We spent 5 days at this hotel at the beginning of April. We booked a deluxe room and had a fuschia room on the 5th floor. It was quiet and clean. When we arrived we found some sweets and a bottle of water in the room. The beds were turned down nightly and a chocolate left on the duvet. Nice little touches all around.The toiletries were lovely and the shower good. The staff were very friendly and helpful and you get a welcome pack of information. As other travellers have said, this hotel is within walking distance of the Champs Elysees and it is also very easy to catch a bus to various museums such as the Musee d'Orsay. We found a reasonable cafe for breakfast La Mascotte at the bottom of the street at Alma Marceau.I would recommend avoiding one of the other restaurants at Alma Marceau, the Corona. The food was awful but the bill was high. A chic area doesn't mean good food unfortunately. The best place we ate at was Le Pamphlet at Filles du Calvaire. You can find it with a Google search. The food was really excellent, they do a fixed price menu, and the Patronne, very friendly too.We had a brilliant stay in Paris, the hotel was a big part of that.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MikeNewOrleans
<Content>Outstanding hotel in Paris for families! The Elysees Regencia is an outstanding small hotel. It does not possess a stunning and expansive lobby, but it is, in every material respect, a perfect hotel for a family. The location is excellent if you are on vacation and interested in seeing the usual Paris highlights. We travelled as a family of four and occupied two rooms at the end of a hallway which can be isolated from the rest of the floor by closing a connecting door. Effectively, we had a two room, two bath suite. The rooms are not spacious, but they are spotless. The bathrooms are modern and also spotless. The Staff of the hotel speak English and they are most helpful, particularly with neighborhood restaurant recommendations. Altogether, we were very, very pleased with this hotel and would definitely return.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>super76
<Content>Just book, go and enjoy!! Superb!!! I'll keep this short and sweet. Booked the junior suite in the hotel for the weekend for my girlfriends' birthday, largely based on the excellent reviews on Trip Advisor. Everything was simply perfect. Great friendly, helpful, knowledable, pleasant staff who each spoke perfect English. The room cleaners were non intrusive, the American breakfast was superb, the location perfect and the hotel had a genuine ambiance that made you feel at home. The suite was lovely, but I also had a look at other rooms and they were also of a very high standard. Even when it was raining we were offered a complimentary umbrella, a small gesture, but a nice touch. To sum up then, just go ahead and book this hotel with confidence, it won't disappoint. Thanks to all the staff for a really memorable and happy stay. Thank you!!  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MaryNIreland
<Content>Great Hotel This is my second visit to this hotel and my experience was just as good as the last!! The hotel is situated in a quiet street away from all the bustle but a short distance from all the main tourist attractions. The rooms are small , however the standard of cleanliness throughout the hotel is excellent, the breakfast whilst expensive was very good, breakfast staff was friendly and helpful.I sampled the wine from the bar on a couple of occassions as the weather was bad,again it was good.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>stanleyCavan
<Content>Fantastic Hotel This is a fantastic hotel, the previous two reviews say everything there is to say about this hotel. I can highly recommended this hotel for a wonderful stay in Paris and the staff certainly make this hotel, as already mentioned Katrin and Nicholas were most helpful and informative. Our room was perfect and even though we were on the busy street side there was no noise as the french windows block out any traffic noise. Also each time we went out for the evening the staff came in and turned the bed down and left little chocolates. If you're intending to stay in Paris this is the hotel for you.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>J1W
<Content>Lovely hotel great location We stayed here for 2 nights as a surprise birthday treat.I lovely hotel in a central but quiet location, we stayed in a deluxe room with balcony over the main street, the room was wonderfully presented. With little extras that had my partner brimming, apparently girls like free l'occatane toiletries  cosmetics!!the staff were very friendly and helpful, they even booked a restaruant outside the hotel on our behalf when we can't book the one we wanted to go too.would definately stay here again if visiting paris...  
<Date>Mar 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>k_a_x_38
<Content>Perfect in Paris! We stayed at this hotel from 29 Feb - 3 March 2008 - my birthday weekend! I would love to go back and would definitely recommend it for the ambience, fantastic location, totally amazing staff and all the special treats!We felt so special having our very own HUGE Suite in the middle of Paris! How fantastic! We've been to Paris before, and were expecting the usual small, cramped rooms at high prices... but this is different. From the moment we arrived the staff were all so welcoming, polite and extremely helpful. We were thrilled to be upgraded to the Suite on the ground floor - check out the photos on the hotel website - all true! Very groovy freestanding bath and vishy shower.Staff had excellent local knowledge for restaurant / cafe recommendations, and easily arranged a somewhat tricky airport transfer on departure.It was my birthday on Sunday - and when we arrived back at the end of the day of sightseeing, our room glowed with tealight candles, champagne on ice, little morsels to eat, chocolates on the pillows and fresh rose petals for the bath. What a wonderful birthday I had in Paris - Merci!  
<Date>Mar 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>birch63
<Content>Wonderful Place!       Bathroom  
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>pickledpepper
<Content>Elegant, modern, welcoming Guided by TripAdvisor reviews, we chose this hotel because it was very central and had a 'classy' look to it, with prices to match. Using the TripAdvisor 'best offers' system, we got a very good price for a three-night stay. Although it still couldn't be described as cheap, it was a lot cheaper than the highest quoted price, and value for money. The hotel is in one of a number of charming boulevards radiating from the spectacular Place Charles de Gaulle, home to the Arc de Triomphe. It is therefore within easy walking distance of the Seine (Pont d'Alma) and the Arc de Triomphe. Several Metro stops a few minutes walk away, nearest George V on the Champs d'Elysees itself.The hotel is surprisingly intimate, the reception area small, but it has a restrained elegance. A charming spiral stair (and a lift ) leads to the floors above, and each floor has only a few rooms - ours (the 4th) had only three other rooms on it.Our room was not huge, but combined graciousness with tasteful designer features, a very pleasant bathroom and separate loo (with proper doors that locked from the inside). Toiletries were by Occitaine, bath robes and complimentary slippers. Bed with extra cushions was comfortable and warm, the room was quiet with no traffic noise. We had room service (there is no restaurant) and my wife's simple omelette was fresh, nicely presented, and inexpensive. Room service was friendly, courteous and prompt. Every enquiry or request was handled professionally and as if we 'mattered'. Attention to detail is a real feature of the ethos of service at this hotel.On our last evening we had a handwritten note from the manager with a small gift. On arrival the bathroom contained a sprinkling of freshly picked petals, and there was a little tray of confectionery on the dresser (we noticed the same little meringues on sale at MacDonalds in the Champs d'Elysees, but it didn't spoil the effect!).When we left the concierge offered to safe-keep our bags while we strolled around the city before catching our train home, another considerate touch that added to the sense of being cosseted.Altogether a fine hotel with staff who can feel proud of the result of their efforts with guests, and every centime of the price we paid was worth it. Strongly recommended for an unforgettable stop-over in Paris. We shall certainly choose this hotel on further trips to this fascinating city.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>k0pacabana
<Content>A nicely-presented, good quality hotel. The hotel is located in a fairly 鈥榳ell-to-do鈥?and peaceful neighbourhood. The Arc de Triomphe, at the top of the Champs Elysees, is a 7 or 8 minute walk slightly uphill from the hotel. The nearest Metro station, George V, is a further 2 or 3 minutes down the Champs Elysees. The station is on Line 1 of the Metro system which stops at many of the popular destinations including Louvre, and Concorde, and Chatelet Les Halles where you can switch to most of the other lines.The Trocadero is a 10 to 15 minute walk and offers great views of the Eiffel Tower, as well as a number of interesting places to eat. The Tower itself can be reached in 20 to 25 minutes on foot but be prepared to queue for a long time if you want to ascend the Tower.There are many restaurants and cafes in the vicinity which should cater for most tastes and wallets. A quick note for foodies: The 2 star Michelin restaurant, Alain Senderens, which is located in Place de la Madeleine, is excellent and only a 10-minute taxi ride away.There have been some comments on this site about the roads outside being busy at night. On one side of the hotel there is a main road and, of course, there will be traffic noise - it is a city after all. We were not troubled by traffic noise and the hotel is the quietest in which I have stayed in Paris whilst remaining close to the action.I think it is also important to note that at no time did we feel uncomfortable strolling the surrounding streets, even in the early hours on the way back from restaurants.Now for the hotel. Inside, everything looks very good. The chic d茅cor is nicely done. It certainly has the feel of a quality establishment. We stayed for two nights in a standard double room which was well-presented and very clean. Although the entire hotel has recently been fitted-out, there were signs of early wear-and-tear: a large tile was loose in our bathroom; there was some sort of duct-tape covering damage on one of the edges of the desk; and one of the bedside light fittings was loose and a little battered. On the plus side the shower was excellent (a rare thing in hotels these days), and the Sharp Aquos LCD television was a nice touch. I should also echo other reviewers' comments that wardrobe and storage space is very limited.The main draw of this place is the staff who are all very helpful spoke excellent English. They were happy to assist wherever they could, be it in recommending sites to visit and places to eat, or simply arranging for an ironing board or power adaptor to be sent to the room. Everything we asked for was dealt with immediately and to our satisfaction.We did not eat breakfast in the hotel. The main reason for this was that a) we tend to eat late breakfasts (or none at all) on our travels exploring the city, and b) 19 Euros for a basic continental breakfast seemed expensive. There are countless cafes and bars everywhere, most of which will offer better value for breakfast.Now the minus points鈥?On arriving at the hotel at 2pm (1 hour after the hotel expected us) we were disappointed to have to wait nearly 30 minutes for our room to be readied. Being a weekend break time is precious. This wait ate into our valuable holiday time and we were a little disappointed. And the 'welcome' drinks we received? I'll come to that later.The prices for room service were extortionate, even for Paris. The cheapest bottle of (mediocre) wine was 23 Euros. You want a quarter bottle of average champagne? 30 Euros. Fortunately there is a small store almost adjacent to the hotel where I bought a couple of nice bottles of Macon Villages for less than 6 Euros each! I might have given this hotel 5 out of 5, but I am not going to do so. Why? Well, on checking out I was presented with the bill which included a charge of 10 Euros for the 鈥榳elcome鈥?drinks we received on our arrival. Taken aback, I questioned this with the receptionist and the response was a simple shrug of the shoulders 鈥?an entirely inappropriate response. (Unfortunately I had a plane to catch and did not have the time to take it up with the management.) This left a bad taste in our mouths 鈥?a shame because our stay had been great up to that point.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>panixxxx
<Content>Great location and quiet street! I booked a superior room effortlessly through their website which was cheaper than the online travel agents. The hotel is located ideally between the Champs D'Elysees and The Eiffel Tower. The Metro is a close walk too! It's on a tree lined street but is very. I am sensitive to noise, but heard nothing even though we faced the street.I would recommend the more spacious superior room as the standard rooms looked smaller. They provide toileteries and a hairdryer. There is a communal laptop downstairs (free) for surfing. We didn't have breakfast there but chose to walk to the Champ D'Elysees. Cheaper and so close.Reception staff were extremely friendly and were always ready to answer questions and knew Paris very well.I would definately return!  
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>ChrisH3040
<Content>Quaint boutique hotel       The front of the hotel  
<Date>Mar 15, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JKuo
<Content>Absolutely Perfect My husband and I stayed at the Hotel Elysees Regencia for 4 nights in March 2008. We chose this hotel after extensive research on the internet. Due to the favorable reviews of the hotel on TripAdvisor, we decided to stay here during our first ever trip to Paris. We have absolutely no regrets. Everything was perfect. The location was excellent - on a quiet street near the Champs Elysees, the Arc de Triomphe, the Eiffel Tower, and the George V metro stop on the Line 1 metro. Our hotel room was very modern, trendy, and chic and extremely clean. The size was also big for European standards. (We had a Double Deluxe Room). The bathroom and its amenities were a nice touch. The staff were so friendly, spoke English, and helped us with every request including making dinner reservations at multiple restaurants before our arrival to Paris (we emailed them our request). Although the room price was expensive (compared to American hotels), given that we were in Paris, I thought it was worth every penny. We will definitely stay here again on our next trip. The only negatives I can think of are 1) we could hear water running (probably the shower) from other rooms and 2) there is no actual restaurant on the premises. However, this last point didn't matter because there are hundreds of restaurants and places to eat right outside the hotel.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>steveg199
<Content>Fantastic Time, Great Hotel, Great Staff       Main Room Seating Area  
<Date>Mar 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>batigan
<Content>Love it I spent my honymoon last week in paris at this hotel which was perfect for my stay, always clean rooms whenever i go out and come back to my room, outstanding service, romantic rooms, friendly staff and helpful. If you are looking for a good value for money deal, this is the one for sure.Negatives:- Noisy cause it's on a main street and near a hospital.- Free porn channel, did not expect to see this in my honymoon.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Heapey14
<Content>Great weekend stay Great hotel. Friendly staff. Good location near the eiffel tower and champs elysees. Just over a 5 walk from George V metro stop. Excellent helpful staff and lovely gift on check out. Rooms are clean and quite roomy for Paris. Lovely fluffy towels and great toiletries. Lovely macaroons in the room on arrival. Would definately stay there again...... Good value for money. Great little street market (food and clothing mainly) 5 min walk away on a saturday morning on Ptd Wilson... great to walk through on the way to the eiffel tower and trocadero.Nearby restaurant and deli 'Nouro' was excellent.. great french/lebonese food.... packed on a friday night. Try A La Petite Chaise in St Germain on Rue de Grenelle. Toulouse Lautrec ate there... established in 1680. Wonderful french food and staff great. Do not go to the aquarium ... expensive and not worth it at all.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>KentMadmum
<Content>Friendly personal hotel We booked this hotel after reading reviews on Trip Advisor and were not disappointed. We were a family which included two children and an elderly traveller. The hotel staff were friendly and helpful. The deluxe family room is essentially two rooms with part of the corridor and an additional door. The elderly traveller did have a wheel chair, however was able to get in and out of the hotel on foot which was just as well as there are a few steps to the entrance. We could not fault anything about the hotel. The location is perfect for all the attractions with the Champs Elysee being 2 minutes away and the Tower ten minutes (by foot). Previously we have stayed at the larger (expensive) hotel, however this was perfect. There are so many hotels to chose for a short break and it is too easy to say well you are not in the hotel for long, however a great base such as this makes the trip a lovely experience. Especially when finding a cab to take 5 and a wheelchair on the side of the road is not easy, the hotel are at hand.  
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ghyll
<Content>Fantastic hotel, great location My husband, two friends and I were due to stay at Hotel Bassano but, as it was being refurbished, were offered rooms at this hotel. The staff were extremely obliging, the rooms were of a good size, beautifully decorated and spotlessly clean. Nothing was too much trouble for the desk staff. We would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>CCJE
<Content>Attention to detail Just returned from a fantastic 2 night stay. The staff were very friendly and attentive. They went out of their way to assist us with any requirements. Free internet access was available on the ground floor.The rooms were of good size, tastefully decorated and spotlessly clean. The breakfasts were served in the basement of the hotel which had arched stone ceilings. There was good choice and everything was very fresh. Service was excellent and attentive. Coffee cups filled frequently.The location was excellent in an upmarket of Paris, close to the Champs Elysees and the Seine. There were some excellent cafe restaurants down the road near the Alma bridge, but they were expensive. In the evening, we ate in the Latin Quarter which was a short metro ride from the hotel. Here, there are plenty of restaurants to choose from and something to suit all tastes. Also, meals are competitively priced-3 course meal for 10 euros.Would definitely stay at the Elysees Regencia again.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Redwingman
<Content>Wonderful Accomodations        NIce Room  
<Date>Feb 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>LaineyKildare
<Content>Excellent Hotel has excellent location, 5 mins from the Champs Elysees. Front desk staff could not have been more helpful, from giving sightseeing ideas to their knowledge of good restaurants etc. They also went out of their way to help when our laptop crashed! Rooms small but in excellent condition. Top place to stay, would recommend to all my friends and will definitely be going back to visit.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Speersy
<Content>Great Staff, Hotel and location Put simply, this is a great hotel with great staff in a wonderful city. It is literally a couple of minutes walk from the champs-elysees - right in the heart of Paris. We were upgraded for a night and had a wonderful view of the eiffel tower from our window - our other room lacked the view but was just as good in all other repects. The staff were friendly, helpful and nothing was too much trouble. We had breakfast in our room on all 3 mornings we were there and it was really nice - a good choice is available. We cannot comment on the breakfast downstairs. Overall it is an excellent hotel and when (not if!) I go back to Paris I will definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Cody0
<Content>Excellent Vacation Experience My sister and I recently spent a week in Paris at this hotel. The service at the hotel was exceptional from the person on the front desk, to the bar keeper, and restaurant staff. Our room was extremely well kept and maintained. They even have high end soap and shampoo from France that we thoroughly enjoyed. The in house coffe and tea is a blessing at the end of a long day. The buffet breakfast could not have been topped and the people looking after it were courtieous and attentive to our every need.The location was perfect for us to walk to many of the attractions or it we even wanted to go by metro. Taxis were availalbe just steps away.It was a truly an excellent choice for us and we would definately return.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bse5
<Content>Great Hotel in Paris Definitely above average in every way - service  accommodations. Spacious rooms (for Paris...or any big city for that matter), most of the staff is exceptionally pleasant and eager to please. However, some of the front desk staff on the night shift are less than friendly (we couldn't figure this out...it kind of odd actually, considering it was such a stark contrast from the day shift employees.) Very clean, modern design. *Excellent location*. Overall a great place to stay in Paris.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>musicman2008
<Content>Hotel Great in lovely location The hotel was located in a fantastic location and the staff were all friendly and helpful. They made some great recommendations for dinner. The room was lovely and tastefully done with nice touches each day such as the turn down service.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RichardTroon
<Content>Wonderful Hotel My husband and I had a wonderful 2 night stay at the Elysees Regencia. The location was perfect for the main Paris attractions. The room we had was great -on the top floor, which meant is was very quiet. We were also upgraded to a larger room, which had a balcony overlooking the Paris streets. The Hotel reception staff were extremely pleasant and helpful. It was very nice to have L'Occitane products for our use. We would definately recommend this Hotel!  
<Date>Feb 16, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Geri04
<Content>this hotel is a treasure They have different kind of offers in their booking engine especially the Romance package ! Believe me, we were not disappointed at all ! The room is prepared for a romantic stay ( rose petals, music, candle., champagne..). In this package, buffet breakast is included and we are allowed to stay in the room until 3pm !The hotel is beautiful and the staff really does everything to please your every need.We would recommend to anyone and would never stay anywhere else  
<Date>Feb 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>iilucky
<Content>The absolute best!       The hotel entrance  
<Date>Jan 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>whenever12
<Content>Fabulous, would definately recommend Absolutely fab.Stayed for my 30th with 3 other friends and got upgraded to a deluxe roomExcellent location and although our room over looked the main road it wasn't too noisy Only downside was no radio/cd/i-pod docking station which would finish this hotel off  
<Date>Jan 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>3fussytravellers
<Content>book it! The BEST location, above average plush rooms, lovely staff - it was a great deal for us (3 single travellers - we even got upgraded! THANK YOU!!!) and we loved our stay.I won't post any pictures - as you can trust the hotel pictures...in fact in real life they may even be nicer! The rooms are exceedingly clean and the staff helpful. (We booked direct with the hotel by the way, they were very efficient and gave us a better deal than I could find on the web).Don't be afraid to book here, even the smallest rooms are great. Breakfast was DELICIOUS, and with so much choice it was hard to stop eating!Sure Paris is a tad noisy (and most of it's hotel rooms are), but I have to give this lovely little hotel a glowing report from a rather fussy traveller!  
<Date>Jan 12, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>susanPerthAustralia
<Content>The best place to stay in Paris!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Well where do I start our week in Paris...we arrived at the hotel after a long haul flight with a 6  7 year old in tow and some anticipation after reading all the fantastic tripadvisor reviews on this place. We were not dissapointed. We booked a family room which consisted of two bedrooms on the fourth floor. Both rooms had recently been refurbished and were very large and modern by Parisian standards or world standards for that matter. Very clean, great beds, all modcons and fantastic bath products, even a dvd player for the kids to watch movies. The hotel is in the best location, within 5 mins to the Champes Elysee Eiffel tower and the Arc de Triomphe.The breakfast which is served in the cellar of the hotel provided lots of variety and was better than anywhere else around for brekky. We also ate several dinners from room service having little ones and being tired from touring all day ourselves and have to say room service was sensational! The hotel uses the surrounding restaurants to cook the meals - nothing is cooked inhouse except breakfast - loved the duck! makes my mouth water just thinking about it. The staff went out of their way to accomodate our every whim including a night out they booked for our 10 year wedding anniversary to Lasserre. Lasserre is one of the highly rated michelan star restaurants in Paris and as such was amazing. Watching the wait staff here was like watching a ballet! The roof opens to the stars about every half hour which was also amazing. Food and Champagne were tremendous!We can also recommend the hop on hop off bus that stops at all the museums and sights and gives a great guided tour of the city and its history.We went to Disney for a day. Very easy just a 35 minute train ride away from a metro that is 5 mins walk away from the hotel and Disney is attached to the train station.I loved Paris and the hotel we chose. The staff and accomodation were amazing up to 5* standards. Book this hotel you won't be dissapointed!  
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Hundulator
<Content>Excellence A lovely little hotel with great interior design, first class service and wonderful location. I would recommend to family and friends. We stayed for only one night but the hotel was exceptionally friendly. Breakfast not bad too....I would recommend for a romantic weekend away  
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>beebopalu
<Content>Loved every minute! We stayed at 'Hotel Elysees Regencia' in Paris for 4 nights just before Christmas, and we had a fantastic time.The hotel location is perfect, just a 5 min walk from the Champs Elysees and there are plenty of trendy bars and restaurants nearby. The hotel decor was stylish and our room was beautifully decorated in shades of green and brown. Unlike some other reviews on TripAdvisor we found our room to be spacious (especially considering we were in Paris) The bathroom had a fantastic shower and girls: the lighting and mirrors are great for putting make-up on!The staff at this hotel really made it a special weekend for us, because they were so helpful and friendly. They arranged a special room package for us prior to our arrival which included candles, music, fruit, champagne, roses etc... We have stayed in some beautiful hotels but 'Hotel Elysees Regencia' really stood out from them all!!!We will be back.....very soon hopefully!  
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>aj3252
<Content>Loved this hotel! My fiance and I spent 4 nights at this hotel and were so happy with our stay! The staff was so pleasent and always willing to help. The location couldn't be any better. Extremely recommended especially for romantic getaways!  
<Date>Jan 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>beemster
<Content>One of a kind The Regencia is without any doubt one of the most inspiring hotel experiences we ever had. The property is beautiful, well maintained and the staff really does everything to please your every need. We absolutely recommend this amazing place.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>WolverhamptonProv
<Content>Wife's 40th Birthday Treat I booked this hotel as a surprise for my wife's 40th Birthday. The hotel were excellent with dealing with lots of requests for help prior to our stay.We stayed in the junior suite it was a fantastic room which we both loved.The hotel was in an ideal location close to the Arc De Triomphe Champs Elysees  Eiffel Tower.The hotel and it's staff ensured that My wife's birthday was a memorable experience.The best memory was the eiffel tower twinkling like a giant christmas tree.  
<Date>Dec 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>matkin
<Content>Superb Boutique Hotel - Great Location Hotel Elysees Regencia is located 1 street off the busy Champs Elysees but feels like you could be on a quiet street in the suburbs. The hotel is modern and contempory, staff are very friendly and helpful. We had a Deluxe room (the green one!) overlooking the street. The room for Paris was very large, huge bed, excellent facilities (tea, coffee, toilettries) and good, clean bathroom. Would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a reasonably priced (not cheap!) 4-star, centrally located hotel just 5 mins walk from the Camps Elysees.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>DrNV
<Content>Wonderful Hotel in perfect location This hotel is what Tripadvisor is all about! We chose this place because of its high rating and the staff went out of their way to ensure they maintained it. The hotel is less than 5 mins walk from the Arc de Triomphe and the Seine. Its a small place but the rooms are beautifully appointed with modern decor and most importantly its very clean. The reception staff were so accomodating and made our stay very special. They even moved us to another room when my girlfriend requested a 'green' themed room that she'd seen on their website!! Thank you to all the Elysees Regencia staff who made our stay so memorable!  
<Date>Dec 4, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>shelIreland
<Content>Loved the Elysees My boyfriend and i stayed here for two nights.I booked it through Venere.com after reading the reviews on Tripadvisor website.We had never been to Paris before and hadnt a clue about location of anything etc so we were a bit afraid when booking the hotel,however we had NOTHING to worry about!the Elysees is a fantastic hotel,in the perfect location!Literally 5min walk to The Champs Elysees,and about 10 mins if not less to the Eiffel Tower.The hotel itself is gorgeous,the reception area very classy,i can speak highly enough of the receptionists.Very good English and sooo helpfull!!The room we booked was a Double deluxe room and that it was!Room large size with large balcony overylookin the street (Room 55),dark wooden floors,huge bed!!Large bathroom with lots of lovely L'occitane products!A ketle,hairdryer,tv,mini-bar,all the mod-cons,just perfect for a romantic stay close to all ammenities!!would recommend it to anyone!!!  
<Date>Dec 1, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Quickie
<Content>Long weekend My wife and I wanted a small hotel located centrally in Paris for sightseeing and were delighted with this charming hotel. As said in other reviews, the staff spoke excellent English, were always polite and friendly and gave good advice on things to see and places to eat. The room was smallish but very well laid out and immaculately clean and the bed was really comfortable. I assume the hotel was refurbished not long ago. It is a few minutes walk from both the Seine, Metro stations and the Arc de Triomph, where we happened to see President Sarkozy on Remembrance Sunday. The satellite TV had some UK channels. Our room looked out onto a quiet street and the only noise came from church bells. We would certainly recommend this hotel to anyone planning to eat out a lot as we did - the only meals available are breakfast.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>JPBoyle
<Content>Tres Bonne Regencia! We also celebrated our 10th wedding aniversary in Paris at the Elysees Regencia. The hotel was very nice and ideal for a special / romantic weekend. The staff were always helpful and polite and the location is good, convenient and only a short walk from the Metro. We didn't eat there at all so can't comment on the food as there are just too many nice restaurants to explore in Paris. Would certainly recommend this hotel, you won't be disappointed . Although a little expensive we thought it was worth the money. You get what you pay for! Enjoy!  
<Date>Nov 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	4	3	

<Author>lmcIreland
<Content>Great location in Paris My husband and I stayed at this hotel for 3 nights for our 10 year anniversary. We enjoyed our stay everything was lovely about the hotel and the location. I did feel that it was a bit pricey.The staff were lovely and acted on every request. Our room had a balcony and we found the room cosy for the two of us. We had the anniversary package on arrival. We have lovely memories from our stay at this hotel. We booked this hotel solely on advise from this site and we were happy.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>mazpaz
<Content>Perfect! We stayed here in September and travelled from London on the Eurostar. A wonderful way to travel, such a relaxing way to arrive.We were celebrating our wedding anniversary and the hotel had helped my husband arrange champers in the room, candles and beautiful rose petals everywhere. Very romantic. I could not fault the hotel - the staff are very polite and helpful and service is very good. The hotel is old but with modern facilities. Very French (as you would expect) and very chic. The rooms are very comfortable and clean and the products are all L'OCCITANE so if you are a fan of these wonderful products you are in luck. On checkout I even received a lovely L'OCCITANE gift (yes brownies points from me)You can have breakfast in the room (which was lovely) but its also nice to have it downstairs in the cellar. Good quality and Good variety.Anniversary night we dined in Le Masion Blanc, recommended by the hotel. They were very helpful in booking and giving suggestions. This had an truly amazing panoramic floodlit view over the city and is a romantic setting ...but it was very expensive, you were paying a premium for the view and ambience. (Thankfully my menu didn鈥檛 have prices on it, the gentleman pays..... I鈥檓 not sure how politically correct this is but I wasn鈥檛 complaining :) All in all. If you want a romantic weekend in Paris - Check out Hotel Elysees Regencia Paris  
<Date>Nov 15, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Loopylu77
<Content>Gorgeous and fabulous       View from window  
<Date>Nov 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Paulo_Almeida
<Content>Very good       Gift from the hotel  
<Date>Oct 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	5	3	

<Author>dreamingofsun0607
<Content>Lovely hotel in a great location We had a lovely two night stay at this delightful property.From the moment we arrived the staff were polite and gave us a lovely welcome. The corridors and spiral staircases were a vision in red! The room was gorgeously decorated in neutral shades accented with green with a big comfortable bed, stripped wooden floors and a clean spacious bathroom with a selection of L'Occitane toiletries.OK - so the view won't win any prizes but it's location couldn't be handier. In one direction it's a ten minute stroll to the Seine and the Bateaux Mouches. In the opposite direction L'Arc de Triomphe stands gloriously proud at the top of the street - a gateway to the Champs Elysees and all it has to offer.The crowning glory of our stay was on departure, when we were presented with a box of L'Occitane toiletries and a handwritten note from the manager hoping to see us soon.I certainly think they will!  
<Date>Oct 20, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>JJJDublin_Ireland
<Content>Absolutely Fantastic stay at the Regencia We have just returned from a 3 night stay at the Hotel Elysees Regencia Paris and we couldn't rate it highly enough. From the moment we arrived to the time we left - it was all a pleasure. We had booked a delux double room with an extra bed for 3 people and when we arrived they upgraded us to one of their suites. The suite was lovely, more like a studio apartment with heavy curtains acting like walls. All the toiletries were L'Ocitaine and on the last evening, the manager left a hand written note thanking us for staying with them and also left a little L'Ocitaine gift. The hotel is on the next avenue to the Champs Elyseese and the l'Arc de Triomphe is literally a 4-5 minute walk away. The Eifel Tower is approx a 10 minute stroll away from the hotel in the opposite direction also. I've been to Paris before and previously found it hard to get a good quality hotel at a reasonable price - the Regencia had it all. The place was spotless, close to all the attractions, the staff were extremely helpful and spoke good english and the L'Ocitaine products were a bonus!We will definately be staying at the Regencia on our next visit to Paris - I would whole heartedly recommend it.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>IMB-Cheshire
<Content>Absolutely Fantastic We spent my birthday at the Hotel Elysees Regencia in Paris and it is truly amazing. A comtemporary boutique with lots of style.The staff were brilliant and very accommodating and I couldn't have wished to stay at a nicer place.The location wasn't fantastic as we struggled to find many good places to eat, but the hotel itself was faultless.Comfortable, sparkling clean, classy and funky in every way.You won't be disappointed!  
<Date>Oct 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ginalds
<Content>Lovely Botique Hotel In Great Location I have nothing but good things to say about this property. The rooms are clean, well decorated, comfortable beds; the staff is very friendly and accommodating with all needs. Excellent at dinner recommendations and general information. Loved the free internet service in the lobby. We arrived much earlier than normal check-in and the hotel was able to provide a room right away. One important note is that the rooms don't seem to have a clock, so it would be a good idea to bring a travel clock.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>tiggertime
<Content>wonderful hotel The worst thing about our stay at this hotel was that it was only 3 nights, not long enough. This small botique hotel is in an excellent location. The staff are very good. Our room on the 6th floor (the junior suite) was fabulous. We have stayed at hundreds of hotels around the world and I cannot ever remember enjoying a room any more than this one. It was just about perfect. A building next door blocking much of the view of the eiffel tower was the only thing not perfect about the room. We would stay here again in a second. Highly recommended. Oh, one minor complaint. The wi-fi system throughout the hotel needs work, it never really worked correctly. I am told they are changing companies/upgrading wi fi connections. A minor detail.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jayne777
<Content>i love paris in the springtime!! we stayed here over the easter weekend and can honestly say this was the best easter ever! the hotel is in a great location, being right in between the arc de triomphe and eiffel tower, and only 5 mins walk to the champs elysees. when we arrived the room wasn't quite ready, so the staff gave us a seat in the lobby and brought us tea, which was lovely. we were taken to the room only 15 mins later, and wow what a room. it was a pretty big room, especially for central paris, and very well decorated and clean. the bathroom was also well done out and a decent size. the view from our french (of course!) window was of the street out the front, but we weren't at all bothered by any traffic noise. on our last night we came back to the room to find a lovely hand written note from the manager saying they hoped we enjoyed the stay and there was a little box of l'occitane goodies which was a very nice touch. the reception staff were all extremely helpful, and their english far better than my feeble attempts at french! on the same street there is a deli called noura, which sells some of the nicest chocolates i've ever had, and the metro station georges v is only 5 mins walk away. i honestly cant recommend the hotel highly enough, and would definitely saty there again  
<Date>Sep 19, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Huts
<Content>Lovely, very chic My husband and I stayed for 4 nights to celebrate our 10th Wedding Anniversary. We had a double standard room - I requested a fushia room and when I arrived found they had given us a fushia room (much to my husbands delight of course!)We were on the 5th floor and had a tiny little balacony, which if we stood on tip toes could see the top of the Eiffel Tower. The rooms were immaculate, crisp, clean and tidy -not worn or dated. at all. Despite some reviews saying the hotel was noisy, we didn't find that at all. I was surprised at first when I saw how small it was, but it really was big on service, and quality. Ideally situated in the centre, close to Champs Elysees and Metro/Bus stops.The bar area was very intimate albeit the drinks a little on the expesive side, although no more than other places we found. We based our booking on all the good reviews we found this Hotel had, and trust me we spent many an evening trawling through reviews for all different hotesl and this was the best. The reception staff were very helpful and pleasent, always happy to help -which I didn't find in great quantities in Paris! Well worth a stay.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>chris_underscore
<Content>Amazing! The Hotel was small but amazing, every little detail, I really like the French style. It had free internet, very nice front desk people, who spoke english very well, It was set in such a great area, a couple minutes walk to the Champs Elysee, So we had dinner there every night. The Architecture of the building was amazing, the rooms were very modern.I would go there everytime I go back to Paris.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>babydix
<Content>Loved the Elysees Regencia Paris We stayed at this Hotel for 5 nights during the month of August we were very satisfied. I booked it based on all the good reviews on TripAdvisor and was not dissapointed. The hotel is super clean (I'm super picky about that) and the nicely decorated. Very small room, but I think that is average in Europe. The staff was very nice and helpful, they guided us on how to get around in the city, metro, places to go and nice restaurants. They booked reservations for us to shows and for dinners and more importantly, they were fluent in English. This hotel was a very good choice, the price was excellent for the type of hotel and for the location. They also gave me a small gift before I left.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>fredhilll
<Content>small boutique hotel we, as a family of 4, stayed at this hotel recently. It is a lovely hotel. we had a suite,consisting of two rooms at the end of the hallway that we could close off from a door in the hallway. Each room was lovely and quite spacious. The L'occtitane products are a wonderful touch. Personally I prefer a larger hotel that has a workout faciltybut we were only here for three nights. The location was great...a short walk to the metro, Arc de Triumphe and Champs D'Ellysees. The staff was very accomodating also. Unfortunately for us it was very rainy while we were there so we did not wander the neighborhood much. There is a grocery store around the corner and a bakery that had fresh croissants and such daily. all in all I would recommend this hotel. It is true to the photos.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>themorrisman
<Content>Excellent and well located We selected this hotel based on other Trip Advisor reviews and were not disappointed. We stayed for four nights to celebrate our 25th wedding anniversary so chose a Double DeLuxe room. Paris hotel rooms are criticised for being small but this was not the case here, with a king sized bed, clearly two sizeable singles that had been joined, that was almost too big!The room looked as though it had come directly out of the Hotel's own website and came with coffee making facilities, as well as the usual mini-bar, and it also boasted a good quality flat screen TV.The en-suite was excellent with small details that added to the experience, but a second bathrobe would have been nice.Although on the busy Ave. Marceau our room at the front on the 5th floor was quiet, and even the air-con, at minimum, was not noisy.We had booked through Venere.com, which was very efficient and gave a reasonable price. Breakfast was 12euros but good value.The desk staff were pleasant and spoke good English, there was even a laptop available close to reception that allowed us access to emails - free of charge! The location was great, 5-10 mins from the metro, arc de triomphe, champs elysees and seine and 20mins from the eiffel tower.In all a great experience and recommended.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>LondonBonita
<Content>Great hotel, great location My boyfriend and I stayed at this hotel and it was delightful. The staff were very friendly and helped us with our many queries! I particularly liked the L'Occitane products, we were even offered a small gift box on our last night. Our room was on the small side with a balcony, it looked newly refurbished and very stylish . Location is great, literally five minutes walk to the Champs Elysees, fifteen mins to Eiffel Tower. Overall I would say this is a great hotel and perfect for a romantic stay in Paris.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>-Bandy07
<Content>Superb hotel, great location       View from bedroom window  
<Date>Aug 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>BC4323
<Content>Great Place to Stay! I normally do not write reviews but felt compelled to since I use this site so regularlly and this hotel was fantastic. My wife and I stayed here in July and had a great time. The hotel is in a perfect location, off the major streets but close to everything. You can walk or take the metro anywhere in a matter of minutes. Our room was vvery large for Paris (stayed in a Junior Suite) and the hotel staff was very friendly and courteous. I spent days and hours researching locations and I was very pleased with our choice............Cant go wrong staying here.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Lola0
<Content>Enjoyed this hotel! We are just back from staying at this hotel for three nights. We really enjoyed our stay at the Hotel Elysees Regencia. The hotel is tastefully decorated and has very modern decor. The rooms are small but have everything you need and are impecably decorated. The rooms are very clean and well stocked with towels, toiletries, slippers and bathrobes. Upon arrival the staff were very welcoming and spoke very good english. They were very helpful throughout our stay offering advice and even providing print out maps with directions. The breakfast was lovely- however we felt perhaps a bit pricey at 鈧?8 per head. Having said that- we would highly recommend staying at this hotel- clean, modern, great location and wonderful staff.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>elaineylcheng
<Content>The best hotel excellent hotel! very clean. receptionists very friendly and helpful! excellent service. love the location of the hotel as well. very easily accessible to anywhere in the city. will definitely go back again.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>alan310LA
<Content>Hotel is okay The hotel is noisy, you can hear everything in the halls. Rooms are small, but this is Europe and the price reasonable. I recieved an inside room so I could see a wall across a small area so the window stayed closed. We stayed on the fourth floor and the elevator was on and off for a day - probably not something that happens often, but they have a single elevator. The desk clerks are helpful, but since most times there is only one person they can't help right away. Really 3 and a half stars. I would think about staying elsewhere next time - hopefully a place that has two elevators.Rooms Are Clean!  
<Date>Aug 17, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	3	3	2	

<Author>DestinationMoon
<Content>Great Experience at a Great Location My teenage daughter and I wanted to visit Paris, and when I couldn't get into a few hotels recommended by friends, I decided to take a chance with the TripAdvisor reviewers. They and the hotel did not dissappoint!We stayed for over a week, probably longer than the average stay. The room was kept clean, with fresh towels, and the bed was even turned down most nights. I particularly liked the ability to control the air conditioning by thermostat in my room.Probably their most special asset is the front desk staff - always cheerful and helpful. After a few days my daughter kept commenting how she felt we were going home to our place in Paris. They have an odd system of making you turn in the front desk key when you leave, but we never had to wait to hand it in or retrieve it. The front desk also sells the two or four day Paris Museum Pass, which I highly recommend for adults in order to bypass long lines at the popular places.Our room did overlook the Avenue Marceu, which I was somewhat concerned about because of the noise experience from other reviewers. We did hear some noise, but most of the time we had no trouble sleeping - sometimes until 10 am. The room has a small safe, which was big enough to hold my 12 laptop with other items.There is free WiFi in the lobby only (but it will sometimes reach the rooms), and one free laptop permanently in the lobby which was usually available. I was able to print my return boarding passes by saving a pdf to a USB drive and taking it to the front desk (they will lend you one if needed).The location is great - not next to anything particular but in the middle of everything if you don't mind walking and taking the Metro or RER. The only time we took a taxi was to and from the airport (we had heavy luggage for a long stay). It was about a 5 minute walk to the Champs where we could catch the Metro, or a 10 minute walk down Marceu and across the bridge for the RER to Versailles.I am sure the hotel management watches TripAdvisor like hawks, so I will make a few minor suggestions. Some type of chest of drawers or even shelves would be nice, as I wound up having to leave small/folded items in my suitcase. An alarm clock radio in the room would be useful. Also, why not just make the Wifi available for free throughout the hotel?  
<Date>Aug 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Gupti
<Content>Perfection in Paris... The Elysees Regencia Hotel is absolute paradise. I went there recently, and as a young couple we had the most amazing experience in The Regencia from start to finish. The staff first are wonderful and cater for every request and need that may arise, from advice, reservations and questions nothing is too much hassle. The room was on the fifth floor with two small balconies, newly refurbished and very stylish. Location is very nice, literally five minutes walk to the Champs Elysees, fifteen mins to Eiffel Tower and Louvre etc. I cannot recommend this hotel enough and I will definately be back when I return to paris.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lovetotravel028
<Content>Wonderful This was our first trip to Paris and boy was I scared. I had heard all the rumors about Paris not being very friendly to Americans. We had made arrangement to be picked up at the airport by the hotel and it made our arrival flawless. The driver spoke English and the vehicle had plenty of room. The hotel appears just as it does in their pictures. It was very charming. Everyone spoke English except maybe the breakfast waitress but it didn't really matter. It's a buffet and there was little need for talking. The room was very comfortable as well as beautiful. The location is perfect. If I ever come to Paris again, I will be staying here.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>amplio
<Content>Everything the high ratings indicate! Perfect for first-time Paris. I recently spent the weekend of July 28, 29 2007 in the Hotel Elysees Regencia. I stayed at this hotel because of the high TripAdvisor ratings and I was not disappointed. The Regencia is everything positive that is written about it in the reviews and the high popularity ratings are well deserved.Quality: The rooms are all tastefully decorated in a contemporary style with high quality furnishings. All the pictures on their website are accurate. The rooms all appear recently refurbished and everything appears new. Beds are comfortable with new linens. Bathrooms appear new and immaculate. Rooms are small by US standards, but large by Paris standards.Staff: The staff all spoke excellent English and were very helpful and accommodating. There was none of the legendary Paris attitude. In fact, I never saw this my entire time in France and I don't speak French. The staff went out of their way to be friendly and offer any assistance and also made me feel very welcomed and relaxed.Location: 5 minute walk to Champs- Elysee and Arc de Triumph as well as George V Metro station. 20 minute walk to Eiffel Tower. This is the perfect location for first time Paris visitors looking to do the tourist activities as there are lots of tourists and restaurants on this end of the Champs Elysee. 10 minute walk to the Air France bus stop providing easy and cheap transportation to CDG airport. Recommend red tour bus (Les Cars Rouge) for sightseeing combined with Metro. The tour bus stop is near the Arc de Triumph on the Champs Elysees.Price: Paid 190 Euros per night for a standard single (full) bed room. This was a good value for the area, especially for such a high quality hotel.Miscellaneous: Room safe large enough to hold widescreen laptop. Wifi internet service was spotty, but free, as I believe I was picking up the lobbies free access point from the fourth floor. Paid WiFi internet service is available.The 18 Euro Regencia breakfast via room service was excellent and is sufficient to feed two people. There appeared to be mostly American couples and families in the hotel.This was my first time in Paris, so I had to trust fellow TripAdvisors on this hotel. I truly enjoyed this hotel and will stay there again on my next visit. I slept until 12:00 PM one day as the bed and room were so comfortable.Im sure there are other great hotels in Paris; however, in terms of quality, location and value -along with good TripAdvisor referrals, it鈥檚 hard to beat the Elysees Regencia.Please contact me if you have any questions.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Darlingdolly
<Content>Great position on the Right Bank Am currently staying here for 3 nights. Am in Room 16 on the first floor facing Avenue Marceau. Unlike other reviewers I have found the hotel to be a bit noisy (can hear the street and noise outside in passages). However for the price, this is a great hotel with an excellent location (to give you an idea a block from the Four Seasons on Avenue George V at a third of the price). Staff very helpful and friendly, room spotless, funky and modern although a standard room is quite small (but not I guess for Parisian standards). Appreciate separate toilet and bathroom.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>Compline
<Content>Just Fab Hotel       Birthday Package No 1!  
<Date>Aug 4, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>drsoul
<Content>Good hotel and a Great value in Paris I have just returned from a trip to Europe that was both last minute and for both business and pleasure. As it was booked last minute, and it has been a while since I leisure-traveled in Paris and London (and, thus, chose my own accommodations), I decided to give the TripAdvisor community a test with my money by selecting, based on the reviews and comments here, my hotel in both of these places. My review of The Parkcity in London appears elsewhere.The Hotel Elysees Regencia Paris lived up to, and actually exceeded, my expectations. The staff was extremely communicative, from confirming my reservation to setting up transfer to and from the airport; providing me with restaurant reccomendations; assistance with booking reservations; as well as subway directions to nightclubs, attractions, and said restaurants. I found all of the staff to be quite friendly and patient with my merely okay French. All of their communication was in English, and though I apologized for my poor French, it was unnecessary. They were all pleasant, informed, and able to answer questions and assist me with any issue that came up during my stay. Fortunately, no issue did arise.I was placed in a spacious, air-conditioned, Fuschia room with views of the front of the property. Although facing the street, it was quiet at night and sleeping was not a problem. The room was well-kept, turndown service provided, and contained all of the creature comforts (nice toiletries, large soaking tub, mini bar, small flat screen television, and - very important- good task lighting!) I needed. I thought the shower head was too low and ill-placed (I'm 6'2), but otherwise the bathroom was great. I also never heard any noises or sounds from other rooms, and the property was fully committed my entire four days there.I did not have the breakfast (it's not included), but may do so when I return. I also did not try their massage services. They have wifi capabilities in the lobby, and a computer for checking email and web browsing. There are also several comfortable sitting areas (non smoking) and a bar for coffee and drinks that I found most pleasant.Overall, the property is a real value - close to several top attractions, and a short walk from the subway. The one thing that was, I don't know, troublesome, was that the place was probably 80+% filled with English speaking travelers. This shouldn't be a problem for me, but it did take away from the feeling I have when traveling abroad and hearing the language and soaking up the flavor of the country I'm visiting. I also felt like we were all sheep following the great tripadvsor reviews. And I guess we all were. I highly recommend this property for both business and pleasure travelers and will return again soon.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>CherHote
<Content>Best Value in Paris Although small by American standards, the room was fantastic and clean, and a good size for Paris. A true luxury boutique! Our A/C was not working upon arrival, but the staff promptly fixed it when they were informed of the problem. We stayed here for 5 days in July and loved it. An added plus: L'Occitane bath products and a marble bathroom. I would highly recommend this place for the price (about 200 euro per night)- and I'm VERY discerning when it comes to cleanliness and quality...  
<Date>Jul 24, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>luv2travel269
<Content>In Luv Just returned from staying at this amazing boutique type hotel. Everything was great from the staff, room size, a/c, bathroom (with a nice type of roses petals on your towel); turndown service when out of the room early enough. The hotel is in a great location just a few minutes work to Champs-Elysees where you can find a place to eat, and the seine river when you have this wonderful view of the Eiffel tower. A positive thing is that you aren鈥檛 far from the metro. I would recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2007
<Rating>5	4	3	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>SMedicoff
<Content>Fabulous! Wow, We just came back from a 6 city European trip, and certainly the Hotel Elysees Regencia was the lodging highlight. The service was impeccable. You can tell that the management of the hotel is interested in the guest experience first. Attention to detail was everywhere, everyone smiled, and there was a true feeling of caring. 5 minute (really) walk to the Champs Elysees and all the best stores, very safe area. Luxury hotel without the luxury price. You can spend a lot more on a hotel in Paris, just not get more. Steve Medicoff/Brenda Jones  
<Date>Jul 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>QueenBMM
<Content>Rated #1 in my book! As a family of five (grandmother, mother and three teenage daughters), we stayed here the first week of July for four nights based on reports from this website. We had two family connecting rooms which were perfect 鈥?giving the girls some privacy. I believe we had rooms 26  27 鈥?one had a small balcony. They were spacious, quiet and exceptionally clean. The hotel is situated in a very safe area 鈥?extremely important for us females 鈥?and the staff is top notch. The hotel is small enough that the staff know you by name, don鈥檛 hesitate to meet your needs and even seem to anticipate your desires. They were very attentive and even one of our girls who is very shy felt comfortable at this hotel and with the staff. She gave the greatest compliment 鈥?she said when she returns to Paris on her own, she will stay here! The staff assisted us in securing taxis, tickets and transportation to/from a show, and transportation to the train station. Everything they set us up with was perfect! Even before we arrived at the hotel, we had a special request to hold invitations to a special fashion show (could only be mailed to a Paris address) and they didn鈥檛 hesitate to accommodate us. When we walked in and announced who we were, they immediately presented the mail for us 鈥?we didn鈥檛 even have to ask. I just can鈥檛 say enough positive things about this staff. The hotel is well maintained 鈥?even though the elevator was out of commission for a short period of time one afternoon, they immediately had someone working on it and it was fixed. Location, location, location 鈥?GREAT as others have said. I agree with my daughter, when I return to Paris, this is where I will stay!  
<Date>Jul 20, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sarahrn095
<Content>perfect hotel for first trip just returned from a 5day trip from Paris. This was the first trip to Paris for me and my husband. This hotel was perfect for our needs. The hotel is 2 blocks away from champ elysees which was perfect. The arc de triumphe is up the street, Walk down the street there's the river with views of the eiffel tower. And several metro stops close by. The hotel itself is very charming and modern. We stayed in a double room rm 57 which was at the end of a hallway and very quiet at night. (although it faced marceau ave) The room had a small terrace and modern bath with shower. Seriously we had no complaints. We never had breakfast here I think it was 18 euros for continental breakfast we would walk to one of the many cafes and eat there.and take in the atmosphere. The staff is helpful and they speak english. Service is adequate. It's France so your not doted on. We would definitley stay here again. For a reasonable price we felt like we got a lot.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>KimbersSB
<Content>Excellent Hotel My husband and I stayed for 4 nights in a standard room and had a wonderful time. The staff was incredible, housekeeping kept the room perfect with rose petals and chocolates on the bed nightly. The L'Occitane products were delightful. Room 62 is a blue room-my husband wasn't that jazzed about being surrounded by pink and annise, with a window that overlooks the street. The staff recommended an Italian restaurant called IL Sardo a few blocks from the hotel and it was the best meal of our trip. I would recommend a reservation for dinner which is at 9.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>glaciertravel
<Content>Very good We stayed 3 nights at this hotel in the beginning of July. We are a family of 4 and booked the blue suite on the top floor. We felt this was a real bargain. Excellent location for little feets (4 and 8) since we walked quite much to the near attraction. Housekeeping needs special recognition - the room was spotless, and turndown service excellent . When we arrived the first night the bed-sofa was ready for the girls with treats. Realy nice gesture. They were very impressed by the rose pedals for the bath (real ones!) and loved taking a bath in the big bathtub. The bathroom was really effective as a family of 4 got prepaired for bed - one in the shower, one using the wc and 2 brushing their theeth - all at the same time :-)We had roomservice for breakfast (no extra charge for roomservice) and thought the selection and price was reasonable. We also went to the breakfastroom in the basement and got excellent service.All in all this is a very good hotel, central location, excellent service by staff and they can proudly boost their 4 * I am most happy to reccomend it for families with children.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>CharlieChopsticks
<Content>Perfect for honeymoon We stayed at the Elysees Regencia for 5 nights on our honeymoon and it was amazing. It was our first time in Paris and the location was perfect, 10 mins from the Eiffel tower and Sienne and 5 mins from the Arc d'triomphe and Champs Elysees. We had a lime green delux double room for our stay on the third floor at the end of the corridor, the room was very big and the bed was massive with seperate en suite lavatory and bathroom. Two huge windows overlooking avenue marceau with flowers. As I have lots of clothes (!) the hotel was more than happy to provide an extra clothes rail and hangers free of charge for our stay. The bed was turned down every night and fresh bed linen, l'occitaine toiletries and chocolates everyday. There was an LCD TV with BBC, CNN, and sky news. We spent a good bit of time in our room and the staff were unobtrusive and the room service prices were reasonable for central Paris. Some reviews have said it was noisey but we were never disturbed. The reception staff all spoke good English and were helpfull. We used the computer in the lobby serveral times to check out attractions in Paris (which is free of charge).On our first morning we ordered breakfast in bed and were given champagne and smoked salmon free of charge for our honeymoon. On our last night there was a hand-written note from the manager thanking us for our custom with a l'occitaine gift - superb. It would have been nice to have breakfast included in the price, but there are a number of bars, and pattiseries in the local area. We used the little market shop (le marche de champs elysees) towards the arc d'triomphe which sold beers, soft drinks and crisps etc and was very reasonable. Also check out the 'public drugstore' at the top of the street - a cool mix of bookshop, quirky gift store, pharmacy, off licence, pattiserie and bar with a restaurant attached (l'terrace - with views of arc d'triomphe on the champs elysees) that was a little expensive as you would expect but amazing food and great service.All in all a great time away, I felt really spoilt!- I will be recommending this hotel to all my friends. Perfect for honeymooners. N.B: If you are travelling to this hotel - use the les cars air france bus it goes from aerogare 2 and it drops you off by the arc d'triomphe and its about a 5 min walk to the hotel - only 鈧?3 one way - a really good service.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>barrera
<Content>Nice, central hotel Long weekend in Paris - booked in here.Location wise, pretty hard to beat - Arc De Triomphe 5 mins walk one way, Tour Eiffel 10 mins walk the other way.Staff v helpful, room small but v clean, and nice TV (important!). Bathroom area seriously cool.We also loved the bar in the hotel, great for a nightcap after an evening out.Though it's hard to imagine that it's one of the very top 2 or 3 hotels in ALL of Paris as Tripadvisor ranks, it is a hotel I'd have no problem staying in again.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>Lucyc55
<Content>Great boutique hotel in a perfect, central location We stayed at this hotel for a weekend in April, and I can't recommend it highly enough. The location couldn't be better. It is unbelievably central - just off the Arc de Triumph - but the street where it is located is not too noisy, so you are not kept awake at night. The staff spoke impecable English and were very helpful when we asked for restaurant recommendations, and were happy to make reservations for us. The rooms were a little on the small side, but not uncomfortabley so. If we had been staying any longer, I would definately upgrade to a larger room though. They were, however, spotlessly clean, and contained everything you could possibly need. Overall, I can't recommend this hotel highly enough, and I will definately be staying there next time I am in Paris.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	5	

<Author>Peleto
<Content>Perfect for a weekend in Paris My husband and I spent our first weekend away alone since our son was born nearly two years ago and loved our stay in this hotel. The hospitable welcome (and tolerance for my bad French) set the tone for the way in which we were treated by all staff the whole weekend. Initially, we had planned to stay in another hotel we love that has a similar contemporary and boutiquey feel which is nearer to Le Marais - an area we love - but we couldn't get in. As we always do, we consulted Trip Advisor and found this gem of a place. It lived up to its 'good press', and even exceeded my expectations. The room was great: bigger than average for Paris, on the fourth floor and with a balconette off both the french doors in the bedroom and bathroom. The decoration was modern and simple - dark brown wood and bright pink accents - the room was light and airy and the bed was comfortable. It also over-looked a back street, so it was quiet.I would thoroughly recommend this hotel to anyone wanting to stay in this area or Paris, or perhaps first-timers - it is good value for money and in a 'nice' part of Paris near many major attractions. We will definitely put this Hotel on our list of places to stay in Paris.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LA-Elvis
<Content>Truly spectacular!! My son and I spent two weeks in Europe druing May 2007 celebrating his 21st birthday. Our first stop was the Elysees Regencia and it could not have been better. While some people have noted that the hotel is pricey, for Paris and for the value of what is received at this hotel, I believe it is an absolute bargain, and I have stayed at fine hotels around the world. The room felt as though it was brand new, everything in perfect condition and completely spotless. The furnishings in the room were very upscale, including beautiful wood floors and lovely furniture. All service in the hotel was at the highest level and very personal. We quickly became known to all of the front desk staff and they were helpful, friendly and wonderful in every way.The hotel is in an older structure but completely restored and modernized so it is the best of both worlds. We overlooked the street through two big beautiful windows and the street is tree lined so we looked onto that which was great.The location is perfect as noted in a number of other reviews, close to many things and close to transportation to things that aren't close.I agree with at least one other review that the shower is odd with the placement of the shower head and I am 6 feet 5 inches so it is probably a bigger issue for me than most, but this is an extremely minor item and in no way would discourage me from staying there again. This is the only hotel I would look into for my next trip to Paris.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>LondonHedge
<Content>We had a wonderful time. This hotel was fabulous. We've stayed in Paris many times before but this place was very special. The room was great and was constantly made up and cleaned with fresh towels etc (even after our afternoon nap). The very effective triple glazing kept the traffic noise at bay during the night. A lovely bouquet of flowers, at my request, were there in the room to greet my partner and myself. The staff were extremely helpful and charming. We are definitely going to stay there again and we believe that there is a sister hotel in the Latin Quarter that we want to try. All in all a marvellous 4 day, 3 night break was had.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>CMTMaui_HI
<Content>Loved this Hotel!! I have been meaning to write this review for sometime now... and here it is. My husband and I stayed in the Lavender Suite during our wedding week in 2006 and it was a fantastic experience. We got married at a Sofitel in Paris but this was our home base. It is in a great neighborhood close to great restaurants, cafes and activities on foot or by metro. The staff was friendly and very welcoming, they sent us flowers on the night we got married!! Overall this was such a great hotel we will return when we make it back to Paris.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Rostogol
<Content>Our favourite Parisian hotel We stayed at this hotel for a week at the beginning of June and we were quite impressed. First of all, location is excellent 鈥?5 minutes from the Champs-Elys茅es and from Charles V tube station. Katrin in Reception greeted us - she was absolutely amazing throughout our stay. Although we were early (10am) our room was ready within half an hour and we were offered a complimentary cup of tea. The room was spacious for Paris standards, beautiful and spotless and the toiletries were nice as well 鈥?L鈥橭ccitane. We had breakfast at the hotel once 鈥?it was good, but nothing special for the price 鈥?like many other members, I think it should have been included in the price of the room, which was quite high. The nice gift and hand-written message from the manager we found on the bed during our last evening made a difference as well.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>bladerama
<Content>Great laid back hotel Just got back from Paris and a stay at this great hotel. A really chilled out atmosphere, backed up by really knowledgable staff. The rooms are well laid out, excelle nt use of space and great decor.I had organised some champagne to be in the room, which it was along with rose petals, a hand written note and a little MP3 player playing some nice music.They do things well at this hotel, so if you are going for a special occasion, let them know, you are in good hands here and I would really recommend it.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>nbdoc
<Content>Very niceplace to stay We did find all the positives in this hotel that previous reviewers described, and had overall a very good stay there. I want specifically mention the hotel staff, who could not have been more pleasant and helpful at everything from booking tours to cleaning rooms. Now about some negatives: I traveled with my wife and 21 year old daughter. We booked the room for three, the smallest one the hotel's web site allowed. The room was tiny, probably OK for 2 people, but when the third bed was brought in, one could not move around the room. It certainly was innapropriate to sell this room for three people. I did mention it to the front desk. To the credit of the staff, next day we were relocated into the larger room, which was of much more reasonable size wothout extra charge. I agree that for the price we paid, breakfast could have been included. The breakfast was not the greatest, and overpriced. If you only eat bread and croissants, it's E12, but if you grab a piece of cheese - it's 18.Finally ( a small thing) - access to the web is free from their PC, or from your PC in the lobby, but in e room you have to pay.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>JSPrima
<Content>The reviews did not let me down! I won't repeat everything that the others have written other than to say that they are true. We were so impressed with the Hotel Elysees Regencia. I loved my room (very large and comfortable for two people) and the staff were amazing. After a long search, I've found my Paris hotel!  
<Date>Jun 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MrsMeeks
<Content>Lovely hotel in the very heart of Paris My hubby and I travelled to Paris for our 2nd wedding anniversary and as this was our first time here, we decided to choose a hotel near the centre and book an upgrade to a deluxe room as a treat. After a traumatic journey (flight delays, problems on metro etc) we eventually arrived at the hotel. From the outside it is very pretty indeed, with flower baskets in bloom spilling out over a beautiful fa莽ade. Once inside the hotel is very calm and very modern, a real oasis from the busy main road out front. We were greeted in English, very quickly checked in and on our way up the small lift to our room which was on the 4th floor. I just have to say that the halls and stairs are really nicely done, very modern but mixing so easily with the obvious age of the hotel. We were in Room 45 (one of the green rooms) and were very pleased with the whole feel of it. I have been told that most rooms in Paris are very small which is why we booked an upgrade and it was worth every penny. Pristine white sheets, a MASSIVE bed, very comfortable pillows, plenty of storage space, a flat screen TV with English channels, Tea making facilities and two HUGE windows which opened out on the street below.The bathroom was wonderful too, very modern and classy, with an excellent supply of toiletries and extras that go towards making you feel so special. There were also robes and slippers provided as well as clean towels every day. The shower was the only slight odd thing as it was over the centre of the bath and not very high up so my hubby had a bit of bother as he is over 6ft.The room was serviced every day and turned down at night with little chocolates on your pillow which I am sure is the expected but for me was lovely. The hotel is 5mins at the most from the Champs Elysees, the River Seine and the Arc de Triomphe so is exceptionally situated for a short break.The only issue I had was the traffic outside the hotel, the road is very very busy but I suppose that is Paris for you and nothing that can be done about it 鈥?the windows are pretty good at blocking it if you keep them closed!We didn鈥檛 take up the Breakfast option, as it isn鈥檛 cheap and Paris is so full of little cafes that serve wonderful coffee, fresh pastries and eggs that it is much more fun to go out and eat. We did have a drink in the hotel bar, which was quite reasonable and the service was exceptional (the service for everything in the Hotel was exceptional).All in all, it is perfect for a City Break, where you want to be in the thick of things, aren鈥檛 bothered about busy roads and streets and want a little bit of luxury as well. We would definitely return to the Hotel Elysees Regencia if we were only in Paris for a couple of days, if you are coming for a longer period of time I would advise staying in the outskirts and travelling in to see the sights as it is much quieter and cheaper!  
<Date>Jun 13, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>peter_SFSanFrancisc0
<Content>marvelous stay We just returned from a 5 day stay at the Hotel Elysees Regencia and we had a marvelous stay. Its location in the right bank near the champs elysees and the eiffel tower was just perfect... the service we received was wonderful. The front desk staff was incredible helping us out in every way they could. Their help and recommendations were right on !!!The accomodations were better than we anticipated -- tastefully decorated, beds were very comfortable, hairdryer, a safe, and the bathroom was roomy and very clean. We just loved the well being massage we had in a very zen atmosphere. Breakfast was good and plentiful ; we had champagne ans smoked salmon !!!We would come again.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>xsophx
<Content>Second Time This hotel was amazing!!This was my mums 4th time at this hotel, and my 2nd, and we are going to go again for sure.The room was a really good size and the staff were really friendly.I would totally recommentd this hotel.The breakfast was lovely and the staff were willing to do anything for us, from booking a restaurant from us, to ringing the airport and seeing if our flight has a delay!!!  
<Date>Jun 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>claudio10
<Content>Should include breakfast at these prices We stayed at this hotel for 2 nights accommodation only.The hotel is on a road directly behind the Champs Elysees so location is excellent.Our room was on the small side but was modern with very comfortable beds, a nice t v and a nice bathroom which has L'occitane toiletries which are a nice addition.Breakfast is an extra 18 euros per person so we opted to visit a cafe.We felt the hotel should definitely include breakfast at these prices.  
<Date>Jun 10, 2007
<Rating>3	2	4	4	5	2	2	-1	

<Author>mr.miagi
<Content>Great hotel! We've just returned from Paris where my wife and I spent the weekend celebrating our first wedding anniversary and had the pleasure of staying at the Elysees Regencia Hotel. The staff were very friendly, helpful and efficient. The room was very nicely furnished and immaculate. I would thoroughly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JuicyinLondon
<Content>Great Place to Stay Enjoyed a short holiday at the Elysees Regencia. Friendly staff, clean, spacious bed/washroom, super location. Wireless in room is rather slow, make use of the common use computer in the lobby if you are not on business. Breakfast not included and rather expensive - head to nearby Paul on Champs-Elysees or Bert's Cafe Contemporarian near the Seine.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	-1	3	

<Author>botham2084
<Content>Love And Paris       Bedroom  
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>oliversmum
<Content>Lovely hotel The staff were very helpful and professional. It is nice to stay in smaller hotels as you receive a more personal service. We stayed in the lavender suite - room 10 and it was lovely. The only negative was the windows were obscured so you could not see out, nor could you open them. The large roll top bath in the room was lovely. Breakfast was really nice but should really have been included in the price. The room and all areas were very clean. We would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Philleas_Fogg_uette
<Content>Good Value and Great Location This hotel is nearly flawless. Great location, very nice quiet and comfortable rooms, and very helpful staff. The room decor was very fresh and modern and the room size was very satisfactory for 2 persons and their luggage (we had the standard room). Amenities were 5*, and the beds were very comfortable. Breakfast may appear expensive, but it is actually very good value. We had the 18 Euro buffet breakfast everyday, and I found the breakfast room's atmosphere very relaxing and the items offfered very fresh and nicely presented. The breakfast staff were genuinely very polite too.Reception staff were very sweet, and taxis were promptly called when requested.Only improvement I would suggest to the management is with respect to the housekeeping, which was somewhat erratic.Overall a very good experience. We would gladly visit again.  
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Winos
<Content>Wonderful Experience We would highly recommend this hotel to anyone planning a trip to Paris. The location is excellent , within walking distance of the Arche de Triomphe, the Champs de Elysees and the Metro. Our room was immaculate - comfortable bed - large bathroom with a fabulous shower - oversized and top of the line towels and all the amenities.The friendly and incredibly helpful staff was anxious to meet all our needs - they even anticipated many of them - made special arrangements for tours, taxis, restaurants, and answered all our questions. There is someone on duty at the front desk around the clock. Special thanks to Magali and Katherin at the front desk and Danielle in the breakfast buffet area. If you eat breakfast do the hotel buffet. You need to scour Paris to get a cup of coffee for 4 euros (about $5.20) and most are in the 6-10 euro range. The hotel buffet pays for itself just in coffee, and then there are the wonderful rolls/croissants and other items depending on what you choose. It's a bargain and the basement dining area has been upfitted as if it might be a wine cave. Feel comfortable in Paris with these people. They add significantly to your visit.  
<Date>May 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Anne1957
<Content>A very pleasant stay We stayed at this hotel for three nights as part of my 50th birthday celebrations, based on the reviews on Trip Advisor, and we were not disappointed. We went for a deluxe room, which was quite large, with a huge and very comfortable bed. We had told the hotel about my 'special birthday' and there was a half bottle of champagne and fruit in the room when we arrrived, which was a nice touch. Lovely bathroom, with fluffly robes and up-market toiletries (Occitane). Breakfast was served in the basement, which had a character all of its own! We had breakfast there on the first morning, I have to say it didn't seem very well organised. No-one told us what to do, it was unclear as which items were included in the continental breakfast, which was 12 euros, and which in the full breakfast, which was 18 euros; we were offered tea or coffee from a communal pot but no-one came to offer refills although I'm sure we could have had refills if we'd gone to find someone. We decided after that to have breakfast in the room for the other two days and that was lovely, particularly when we were given a complimentary glass of champagne and smoked salmon on the morning of my birthday! The full breakfast at 18 euros was very good value.The staff were extremely helpful and friendly, especially Kathrin, who seemed to be on duty almost the whole time we were there! She speaks excellent English but I was disappointed not to use my French, as I speak it quite well - my efforts to speak in French were answered in English, so I gave up after a while! Room service was excellent - we ate in the room on the Sunday evening and had pizza and tapas, with a bottle of wine. There were a couple of minor problems, one was the total lack of drawer space in the room - there was a bit of shelf space but it was not enough, and the hanging space in the wardrobe was just about long enough for a shirt - not adequate for skirts or dresses. The furniture rather let the room down, it seemed rather cheap and basic.The other problem was the lift. There was only one, which is fair enough as there is limited space, but it broke down on the Saturday and was still not working when we left on the Monday. Being on the fifth floor, we found it quite a hike, and my husband has a heart condition (although to be fair the hotel could not have known that). Had we known the lift was unreliable, we would have asked for a room lower down. The staff were very apologetic though and did everything they could to help, they brought our cases down on the day we left. I felt very sorry for the staff member who had to carry a heavy dinner tray up from the basement on the Sunday evening.I thought the hotel was a little on the expensive side but it's in the Champs Elysees area, so that's hardly surprising; it would have been nice to have had breakfast included for what we paid, but having said that, we did get a few freebies in honour of my birthday!Just a quick word about the area - the restaurants are plentiful (except on Sunday evening, when just about EVERYTHING is closed, hence the pizza in the room!!) but they are very expensive and the ones we went to weren't particularly good either. I stayed in the Notre Dame area last year and it's much cheaper to eat there. Nice area though, fairly quiet, quite close to the metro and within easy distance of the RER.  
<Date>May 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>frootloops
<Content>very nice indeed. Breakfast should be included in the price though We spent three nights in the Hotel Elysees Regencia may 2007. Location wise it is great. 5 minute walk from l'Arc de Triomphe, 10 minutes or so from the Eifffel Tower. The room was nice and spacious, and the decor was fresh and clean.We arrived well before the specified check in time, but they were very friendly at the desk and offered us a coffee while they quickly got the room ready. The front desk were friendly and helpful.I think though that at the price we paid (approx 拢180 a night) breakfast should most certainly have been included (18 euro for a continental breakfast). In the immediate vicinity there are a couple of supermarkets, and lots of bakeries with amazing looking cakes.  
<Date>May 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	-1	3	

<Author>DaimlerBenz
<Content>THE BEST WEEK OF MY LIFE IN PARIS We Stayed at the Elysees Regencia in PARIS on May 5-11th.Let me just say that this Hotel is in the PERFECT Location...One block from the Champs-Elysees,...5 minutes walk to Arc de Triomphe....At the other end of the street,is where Princess Diana Died,...15 minutes from the hotel in the other direction is Eiffel Tower....We walked all over Paris everyday for the week we were there,And i LOVED IT!! Most things are within walking distance...just wear comfortable shoes. :)The Hotel itself was Beautiful from the Outside,and very Clean and modern on the inside.I rented the Double Deluxe Room on the Fifth Floor and i was Very HAPPY.The Room had plenty of space and was very clean.Not Much storage area for your clothes,but who Cares,Your in PARIS!! We found ourselves not in the Room much at all anyways....We were out and about from early until late at night.I swear that city never sleeps :) People out very late,just enjoying the city and weather.Tried room service and the food was Great....I have no Complaints about this wonderful Hotel....The Staff is Very Friendly and Helpful and they speak Great English.I will be staying there again next year for another week.Couple of tips....Bring an alarm clock,The room didn;t have any clocks in the room,but i did recommend it to the manager when i Left....and I do not Recommend Using the PARIS SHUTTLE that is online (Parishuttle) Although they where on time when we arrived in Paris,When it was time to leave Paris to go back to the Airport...The driver was late,Then we had to pick up 4 other couples and by the time we Got to the Airport and checked in,We had to run to the gate because they were boarding our Flight.I will definitely take a taxi next time.I Wish everyone that has never been to Paris a Wonderful trip like we had....It was a week in my life that i will never forget.By the way,Don;t worry about the language barrier....Most people in Paris spoke some english.HOTEL ELYSEES REGENCIA Is Tops in my Book and i Recommend it to Everyone.....Have a great time everyone.I LOVE PARIS!!!  
<Date>May 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>WatersEurope
<Content>Hotel Elysees Regencia -- fine hotel! Good position, nice decor, polite and friendly staff, HUGE bed, and, most importantly, one of the cleanest, best-kept hotels we've ever stayed at.For those of you who hold the cleanliness of accomodation to be important, look no further in Paris than here. They also don't have carpets in the rooms, but very nice (warm) wooden floors... Oh, and they have very nice bath/show products (shower gels, shampoos, bath robes, towels). Don't steal them (we didn't), just enjoy them!Waters  
<Date>May 14, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Kevjac
<Content>Our last but best night in Paris We were initially checked into a 3-star hotel near to the Elysee's Regencia. But after one night of traumatic experience at that hotel, we were very certain that a better equipped and endowed hotel was needed for our last night in Paris before heading home. Fortunately, we didn't have to go very far... Elysee's Regencia was the perfect outfit for us to relive our honeymoon experience and ambience. We were especially impressed by the cordial and friendly front desk service. The room was beautifully decorated with 5-star standard bathroom. The location was perfect as it was conveniently tucked into a secluded area near to Champs Elysee... Our final night in Paris was our best in this trip to Europe and we are recommending to our friends who are interested in quality yet affordable travel experience in the not so affordable city of Paris. Cheers.  
<Date>May 9, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>WisLaker
<Content>Absolutely wonderful experience We spent 5 nights here in late April/early May - it was exactly as indicated in the TripAdvisor reviews - great location, wonderfully courteous and helpful staff, and a terrific room with windows opening out over the street. The room was spacious and immaculate - even nicer than I could have hoped. They thought of everything - from the chocolates on the bed at the evening turndown service to the going away present on our departure. I have nothing but positive things to say and we look forward to our next stay.  
<Date>May 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>DebbieandMark
<Content>Lovely but a litte dissapointed       The Lavender Suite -bathroom  
<Date>May 7, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	3	5	5	5	3	

<Author>TiffanyandCorey
<Content>Recommend highly for excellent service and location This is our fourth stay at the Elysees Regencia and we love the location, staff, and great value offered by this hotel. What strikes me most is how professiona all of the staff are (front desk, bell hops and maid service) and yet how much like a family the place feels. I know that each person there wants me to have the best stay in Paris. It is wonderful. Recommend highly.  
<Date>May 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SurreySiggy
<Content>Had been looking for a romantic hideaway       Reasonable size room  
<Date>May 2, 2007
<Rating>5	3	4	4	4	5	5	5	

<Author>Nick_From_Manchester
<Content>Perfect The hotel is perfectly situated just off the Champs-Elysees. Ideal for the Seine, metro and RER (to Versaille). Location, location, location. On arrival we were greeted by friendly Englih speaking staff, who despite our early check-in, went out of their way to organise us a room that was ready. There is a small bar and elegant dark wood panelled sitting room reception area, with free internet access from a fixed PC. The rooms are reasonably sized (this is central Paris remember, so tiny by US standards). Toiletries (L'Occitaine) and robes in the rooms with fresh fluffy towels, changed twice daily (if you wish). High quality plasma TV and well stocked mini-bar (pricey as always, but handy if you forget to visit the supermarket to quench your night time thirst). Tea and coffee making facilities were surprisingly available in the room, which is a great plus, especially if you have to pay Paris prices. Bedrooms were very clean and modern, with wooded floors, air-conditioned, crisply painted and decorated.Bed was comfortable with clean white Egyptian cotton sheets. One criticism is the shortage of wardrobe space, no full length wardrobe so you could not hang long dresses without folding over the bottoms (OK - why do we always have to find something to criticise!)Take a breakfast, 18 Euros each is not cheap but by comparison to Petit Dejeuner on the street cafes at 10 Euros, there is none. The breakfast room is in a trendy vaulted basement and has unlimited: juice, hot bacon and eggs, tea and coffee, cereals, meats and cheeses, pastries and rolls, yogourts etc. Well worth the money.You can leave your luggage and as the location is so central, this is very handy.A turn down service at night with a little chocolate bar and a handwritted personal note from the Manager thanking us for our stay (with small gift of a water facial spray) on our last night just added to the intimacy of this hotel; making us want to return.Just go!  
<Date>Apr 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Alfarom
<Content>Very freindly, convenient location, excellent modern room We arrived in Paris late evening and wanted to stay somewhere convenient and not too expensive since we had no time in the hotel. This was perfect, and it wasn't too difficult to park nearby. We were pleasantly surprised by the room, and had we wanted to watch TV there was a plasma of a decent size, with a good selection of channels. Staff very friendly too, so it was just perfect.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Paramount81
<Content>Most Enjoyable Stay We just returned from a week in Paris at the end of our European vacation. The Elysee Regencia was a lovely respite from our daily siteseeing. Our standard double room was of moderate size, nicely appointed and very comfortable. The bath was small but bright and cheerfull. The breakfast buffet is excellent. The location is close to the Arc and the Champs Elysees. The hotel staff were very helpful and extremely plesant.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Finer_things
<Content>Would recommend it to anyone We were delighted with this hotel during our recent stay in Paris. The location of the hotel is perfect being only a short walk from the Champs Elysee, the Arc de Triomphe and the Georges V metro station. The photos of the rooms on travelocity did not do the hotel justice, we had a double room on the 5th floor that had a king size bed, balcony and a view of the Eiffel tower. The decor is modern and funky and the mini bar prices are no where near as steep as the many cafes along the Champs Elysee. The staff were really helpful, booking restaurants and taxi's for us most evenings (by the way the meal we had at Alcazar in St Germain was one of the best I have had), and generally were eager to please. I wouldn't hesitate in returning to this hotel the next time we are in Paris.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>vhuk
<Content>Brilliant.       Hotel Room  
<Date>Apr 15, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PanosL
<Content>Truly outstanding Having chosen the hotel, for an Easter break with my wife, based entirely on the excellent reviews of tripadvisor members, I had very high expectations. Still, I was totally impressed by Elysees Regencia. Using the very convenient hotel website, I booked a standard room at 195 euros/night, a reasonable price for a 4-star hotel in Paris. In return, I got an experience that I really doubt if it would be equally good, if I had opted instead for one of the top 5-star Paris hotels, at double this price!Location is ideal, in a nice quiet area very close to Champ Elysees and less than 5' walk from two different metro stations. Communal areas are not huge but totally adequate for the size of the hotel and very tastefully decorated. Free internet access is offered next to the reception and a cozy bar is available for evening drinks.Having asked for a high floor room, I was offered one at the 6th (top) which was huge by any (and not only Paris) standards. If this was a standard room, I wonder how big a superior would be! Decoration was very modern and tasteful, bathroom was equally impressive in size and quality. The room was spotlessly clean and meiden service was offered twice per day. Service was exceptional, with stuff speaking perfect english and always ready to provide assistance when needed. Buffet breakfast (charged extra at 18鈧?person) was served in an atmospheric cellar and certainly deserved the asked price. At the last night, a hand written thank-you note from the hotel manager, along with a nice L'Occitane gift, was a last confirmation of our conclusion on Elysees Regencia: it is a hotel where attention to detail, respect for the guest, understated perfectionism, really spoil you as client. The fact that the only 'default' that I could find was the lack of slippers in the room, really says it all. This hotel is a true advertisement for Paris hospitality and it certainly deserves the No1 position that it now enjoys in tripadvisor rankings. Bravo!  
<Date>Apr 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>English_Al
<Content>Fabulous boutique hotel Wow, what a find this hotel was. Once again Tripadvisor has come up trumps.I've stayed in Paris a couple of times before and warned my husband that French hotels are normally rather basic, so I was preparing myself to be disappointed. Luckily I could not have been more wrong. First of all, the hotel looked well cared for on the outside. We walked into the reception and were immediately taken with the d茅cor. The reception staff were really helpful and spoke very good English (something else I did not expect in Paris). I still thought there had to be something wrong so I waited tentatively to see our room. Once again, I was most pleasantly surprised. The d茅cor was lovely (we had a fuschia room), the room was spotlessly clean and even the bathroom was superb. This may sound basic but there was a good shower with water temperature that did not fluctuate. Not only that, it was stocked with L鈥橭ccitane products. Although breakfast was not included, we opted for the buffet breakfast, which was excellent and even included a glass of champagne. Once again, the staff were really helpful and spoke English.The location of the hotel was great too. We had a reasonably quiet room yet the hotel was only 5 minutes walk to the Arc de Triomphe and a 15 to the Eiffel Tower.I cannot fault this hotel and would stay here again without question.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>raycongo
<Content>Exceptional Service in an exceptional hotel We were there for the Easter weekend '07 and not a bad word to be said of this hotel. Room, service, location, price - it was an absolute pleasure to stay there.I chose this hotel based on the tripadvisor reviews, and was not let down in the slightest.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Frenchbantam
<Content>Great location and staff We recently stayed here for 3 nights at the end of March. Firstly, the location of the hotel is excellent, being only about 200 metres from the L'Arc de Triomphe and the Champs Elysee. Upon arriving we were given a very good welcome and all our questions about the area were answered with great enthusiam.Although the rooms were slightly on the small side they were well appointed with all the amenities needed. The bathroom products form L'Occitane were a great bonus.Throughout are stay we were very pleased with the attitude of the staff and the cleanliness of the room. They gave us very good recommendations for dinner and none of the restaurants we ate at were disappointing.This is the first time I have been to Paris and I am now of the impression that it is much cleaner, cheaper and friendlier than London. The shopping is much better and that really pleased my wife.I have no hesitation in recommending this hotel for all the reasons above and hope to return in the future.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>SA_Travelller
<Content>Amazing Anniversary at the Elysees Regencia My wife and I stayed at the Elysees Regencia for 4 nights from the 21st March 2007. We had an amzing stay here. The staff at the hotel were excellent. They went out of their way to give us a truly romantic experience of Paris (assisting with Lido reservations, dinner cruises, champagne excursions). Location:The hotel is about a 5 minute walk from the Metro (at a quick pace). For our purposes, it was very centrally located, close to the Champs-Elysees (and therefore the Lido), the departure for our dinner cruise and the metro station that goes directly to Versailles. Some may prefer to have a Metro on their doorsteps. The hotel is on a one way road and is not noisy at all.Room:We stayed in a suite on the 6th floor and therefore had none of the typical complaints about small Parisian rooms. Rooms were clean, well stocked mini bar, good quality linen. The towels were changed twice a day. The TV channel had a few English channels (Sky, BBC, MTV), but no inhouse movies. The bath and shower were a good size. The bed was comfortable and there was ample cupboard space. The staff don't kick you out early to start cleaning the room - they wait for you to leave before entering the room and you are hardly aware of them. The champagne and note on the ocassion of the anniversary was a nice touch.FoodNice looking piano bar - however, we did not drink here. nor did we eat breakfast at the hotel - which seemed a little steep at the price. The location of the hotel means that there are plenty of bistros and cafes close by. We also did not use the room service.GeneralFree high speed internet was a real bonus. Baggage store was also very useful. Possible cons:- not on top of a metro station (not a problem for us - despite the fact that it was raining whilst we were there)Overall - great value for money!  
<Date>Mar 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Kerwin
<Content>France-tastic!       view from the street  
<Date>Mar 25, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>gotoseeparis
<Content>great place to stay , and great breakfast this h么tel played a greazt part in our excellent first visit to paris , and i will surley book to stay there again , and very soon hopefully  
<Date>Mar 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	3	5	5	

<Author>Sand-grown-un
<Content>Something missing ? After reading the reviews on Trip Advisor, my husband  I stayed at the Elysees Regencia for 4 nights in March, so had time to make a considered opinion about the place. I can't really find anything bad to say about the hotel - a couple of gripes, no drawer space in the room, slamming doors from other guests early in the morning , concierge service a bit erractic. The staff are friendly and helpful and the place is spotlessly clean. However there's something missing - atmosphere ! I noticed a piano in the lobby, but nobody playing it. There was hardly ever anybody in the bar, so there wasn't much opportunity to chat with other guests, pass the time of day.If you want peace and quiet then this is the place for you - but if you like your hotels with a bit of life then choose somewhere else.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>irelandkerry
<Content>Fantastic! Myself and a friend stayed here for a few nights recently and we were very impressed. The loctaion is superb...The rooms are clean and modern and the staff were extremely helpful - especially Kathrine. The added extras such as bathrobes and L'occitane toileteries were much appreciated too ! would def recommend this hotel and would love to stay here again on the next trip to Paris  
<Date>Mar 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>timofee1
<Content>Wonderful Hotel We stayed at the Hotel Elysees Regencia for our honeymoon in March. We stayed in the junior suite, on the 6th floor. We were both really impressed with our stay. All the staff were incredibly friendly and polite 鈥?I didn鈥檛 feel guilty at all for my appalling lack of French vocabulary. The suite itself was lovely, airy, well decorated and very clean. The bathroom was ace with a great bath for 2, lovely l'occitane toiletries and a shower with side nozzles as well. You could even just see the top of the Eiffel tower from the window. The price, although not cheap, seemed very reasonable given the location in Paris. As far as we were concerned it was slap bang in the middle of everything. A very short walk to some lovely restaurants 鈥?just ask at reception. As it was our honeymoon the hotel had arranged for a bottle of champagne to be in the room for our first night with a hand written message congratulating us. There were a couple of negatives but they were mostly minor. The sound insulation of the room wasn鈥檛 great, and unfortunately on the first night there was a group of lads in the next room who woke us up at 1am. However, a quick phone to reception and all was blissfully quiet. After they moved out, we weren鈥檛 bothered by next door noise at all. Although the bed was comfortable and large, I think it a shame that it鈥檚 2 mattresses pushed into one. Although it was very well put together, and didn鈥檛 actually bother us much, I would still prefer a large single one 鈥?especially on honeymoon. Final niggle was the shower. It鈥檚 great but, unfortunately, the drains can鈥檛 quite keep up with the water flow if you have the side nozzles on as well. All this means is you have to keep a careful eye on water level in the shower and turn off the side nozzles before water cascades over the edge.I must stress that the above problem really were minor compared to how lovely the hotel and the staff were. Wouldn鈥檛 hesitate to recommend it.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>bikenutva
<Content>You Can't Go Wrong Staying Here! We went to Paris for a short stay to celebrate my wife's birthday and had a wonderful time. The Hotel was accurately described in the many good reviews posted here. The staff was wonderful - they arranged for a beautiful flower arrangement to be in the room when we arrived (and accomadated our request for room to be ready early in the day - before 10am), and they more than satisfied any other request we had (reservations, directions etc). The only complaint I have (and this is not the hotel's fault at all) is that hailing a taxi on the street at the dinner hour is next to impossible. The hotel will call a taxi company but the taxi company can charge you for the pick up and the charges are fairly stiff. Other than taking the Metro or walking I dont know if there is an solution to this issue. Our room at the Hotel was excellant - nice size, entirely modern and very quiet (eventhough it was on Ave Marceau). We would not hesitate to stay here again. By the way if you turn right at the street just below where the Hotel there is a whole block full of nice local shops like a baker, a pastry shop and a chocolate shop etc.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>bel80
<Content>Boutique style accommodation! We were in Paris for New years, and unfortunately all places were mainly booked out, except for this hotel. It's very clean, quiet, and well presented! We loved it! Can't remember the colour of the room - think it was pink? But I remember loving the wallpaper for some reason...and the stairwell! Didn't stay at the bar at all, or experience breakfast there, but service was fantastic. The staff were always willing to help! As for location...it was about 5-10 minute walk to the next nearest metro, but it's not such a bad walk, and that's all it takes to get to the heart of Champs de Elysees! Make sure you check out the Renault showroom! We loved it! And although it was quite far out, 1728 for dinner was an evening to remember :)  
<Date>Mar 16, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Brighttravellers
<Content>Fantastic Paris Experience My husband and I stayed here after choosing the hotel based on other reviews- we weren't disappointed !! It is a lovely hotel, with good sized rooms, very comfortable, the staff are extremely friendly and the location is great. I would highly recommend adding this hotel to your paris stay!! (only hiccup was the lighting in the corner - great for setting the mood - but slightly dark when searching your suitcase for something!)  
<Date>Mar 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ScotlandTravel-lover
<Content>Wonderful hotel Stayed at this lovely hotel for 4 nights, 1st - 5th March. We found the location excellent. We took the bus fom Charles de Gaulle, were dropped off by Arc de triomphe and was a 10 minute walk to the hotel (however on way back the hotel arranged an excellent mini bus to pick us up at the hotel, well worth the extra money). Close to metro stations, Champs Elysees, nice eating places on rue Marbeuf and 10 minute walk to Eiffel Tower.Stayed in a standard room, very clean, good shower and excellent l'occitane toiletries. We were on 5th floor and could see top of Eiffel tower. Bed was comfortable and hotel quiet. Only negative comment for room was the lighting could have been better. We ate breakfast in hotel once. Food was good but felt it expensive at 18 euro. If you go out of the hotel, turn right and go to end of the road there are a few cafes. The first one you come to on the left does a lovely breakfast for 6.5 euros. Would stay here again. On the last evening the hotel left a small gift on the bed with a hand written note from the manager - a very nice touch. On arrival home we received a nice e mail from the hotel.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>fun-mumLondon
<Content>lovely hotel, gr8 service the hotel was gr8, service was really good, room very modern n cute. bathroom v nice with gr8 toilletries!! brilliant location. would definatly stay again!  
<Date>Mar 1, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	3	3	5	5	

<Author>DB609
<Content>Absoulutely Fantastic Something I have never done is write a review on a hotel before. After our extremely postive stay this place deserves full marks and is possibly the best city hotel my wife and i have stayed in, in Europe.Superb amenities, location, service. The rooms are really well put together and there are certainly no rough edges - believe me, my wife looked everywhere!!!We will definitely be returning to the Regencia in the future.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>rblakey3
<Content>Wonderful hotel!! My husband and I have just returned from a wonderful weekend in Paris. This hotel is beautiful and in a fantastic location.It must be one of the cleanest hotels we've stayed in and great value considering the quality and location. The breakfast was lovely and I would recommend the deluxe rooms(we even had a small balcony). My only complaint is our bed was a little uncomfortable and we had to ask for another duvet to put on top of the mattress,but this would not put me of and I would definately stay there again.Gorgeous!!Oh yes my husband has just reminded me the staff were great too.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JG&TG
<Content>Loved it! Thank you TripAdvisors! My wife and I recently had the pleasure of staying in this hotel based on the reviews and can now highly recommend this hotel as well. A small boutique style hotel in a terrific location with a wonderful front desk staff that doesn't hesitate to speak English, arrange a cab, call a museum, etc., the rooms are tastefully decorated and the bathrooms come equipped with toiletries from l'Occitane. We usually stay in Westin and W hotels in the USA and believe this hotel is more on par with the W. Note: we did notice that the doors to the rooms can make a bit of noise (and we'd recommend they add some weather-strip) but since we always sleep with earplugs that took care of that!  
<Date>Feb 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mikvik
<Content>A Great Experience This is a boutique hotel in a great location, just a short walk from the arc de triomphe and the champs elysses. The rooms are beautifully decorated and very comfortable. The service was truly excellent and perfect english was spoken. Breakfast is in a fantastic old basement/cellar with children at half price. There are heaps of restaurants nearby as well as a supermarket.The website booking facility is very easy to use and having made an internet booking with some trepidation we were delighted to be greeted by name upon our arrival.I would certainly stay there again  
<Date>Jan 13, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>GMeggs
<Content>Wonderful Hotel - thoroughly recommended!!! We stayed at the Hotel Elysees Regencia for 3 nights in late December 2006, and we were thoroughly impressed. I travel a lot for business (though was on holiday in Paris), so I tend to have certain things that I look for in any hotels I stay in, and the Elysees Regencia certainly came through with the goods! The staff were very friendly and helpful, without exception. The ground floor reception area was beautiful, with a lot of charm and atmosphere. The lounge area behind reception was great, with a computer set up with free internet access, as well as free wireless access available for those with their own laptops. This saved us time and money. We felt very welcome, and even had a personal note from the Manager welcoming us and wishing us a Happy Anniversary - we thought that was great! Our room was on the first floor, and although it wasn't the largest room we've stayed in, it was more than adequate for the two of us with all of our luggage, and fanatstic value for Paris. We loved the decor in the room - it was neither clinical nor old fashioned as many hotel rooms seem to be in Paris. We had a lovely window overlooking a very Parisian-looking street. The bathroom was large by Paris standards, with a powerful shower, and the toilet was seperate, which I think is a good thing. We loved the L'Occitane toiletries - certainly not your run-of-the-mill! High quality and very French. The turn-down service each night was lovely, with a delicious chocolate and a L'Occitane refresher towelette left on our pillows. The position of the hotel was fabulous - with the Champs-Elysees, The Eiffel Tower and the Arc de Triomphe all within close walking distance. The Metro was also just down the road. Despite the close proximity to these busy sights, the Hotel itself was very quiet, despite being situated on a relatively busy street, so we were able to escape the hustle and bustle and get a good night's sleep. There is a lovely little street located just behind the Hotel which has a supermarket, liquor store, patisserie and chemist. It was very handy. We have stayed in Paris a number of times before, and have never enjoyed a hotel experience as much as we did at the Elysees Regencia. We would certainly stay there on our next trip to Paris, and would recommend it to our family and friends.  
<Date>Jan 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jmstopek
<Content>cant wait to go back!! We stayed in a deluxe room and it was fabulous. The hotel has a few common areas (a library, a bar, a sitting area) where you could hang out and relax. The staff is the BEST! (thank you kathrin!!) They made New Year's reservations for us, phone calls for information, etc etc which was terrific given the fact that we spoke little french. The location of the hotel was great. We easily walked to shopping on the Champs-Elysees, the Eiffel Tower and the Arc de Triomphe. Everything else was a short taxi ride. We will consider this hotel our home away from home...in Paris. We highly recommend it!!  
<Date>Jan 9, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lamira
<Content>Excellent Hotel Really good hotel. The location is excellent very close to Champs Elysses and walking distance to all the main attractions. The room size was great, the bathrooms are new and clean. Most important the staff were very helpful and friendly.Highly recommend this hotel for the rate and accomodations. Its one of your best bets in Paris.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>HML-KSG
<Content>Good Hotel and a very pleasant stay at the Elysees Regencia We stayed at the Elysees Regencia in a (green) deluxe room (47) from Jan 2 til Jan 5, based on TripAdvisor's reviews. To summarize our experience with the Elysees Regencia: it is a very fine hotel.Some pro's:* nice staff, that will help you with booking restaurants* good location (close to the Champs Elysees, subway station nearby (George V))* nice, clean and quite spacious (for Paris!) room. Nice touch: during the day the room is organized (with the green pillows)differently than in the evening (set up for bedtime, with a chocolate and refreshing towel on your pillow). Bathroom (marbled) is ok, with bathrobes  slippers and l'Occitane tolietry. The bath itself is a bit on the small side though (no problem for us, though)* a very good feature is the separate toilet from the bath* on arrival, we received a Paris tourist guide and a map (we didn't need it though, since we brought our own and we do know Paris a bitA con* you do hear a bit of street noise (traffic noise from the Avenue Marceau), though it didn't bother us reallySince we woke up quite late, we cannot say how breakfast was (breakfast being served til 1030 am).We would definitely return here.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>dbocca
<Content>Great Hotel We booked initially for the sister Hotel Bassano but because that one was remodeled we were upgraded to Elysees-Regencia. The hotel is located very close to Champs-Elysees, but on the very quiet Avenue Marceau. This hotel is definitely a very good value for the money, and its staff is the most helpful I've ever encountered in a hotel. They all speak great English and they were all very nice, but I have to specifically mention Nicolas (Nick) and Kathryn, whom I dealt with the most during my stay. I never had breakfast in the hotel (I never woke up before 10:00 AM during my 6 day stay so I could not), so I cannot comment on this aspect. The room was a little dark and for a late and light sleeper like myself the mornings were a little noisy (mostly from slamming doors), but this is really not a big deal. We enjoyed our stay and will definitely stay there again. One could object that the hotel is not centrally located with respect to the main attractions, however Paris has an excellent metro network and stations are very close to the hotel. We used metro extensively during our stay.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	3	5	5	5	2	

<Author>GME928
<Content>Fabulous Staff Just returned from a weekend, rooms are a little bit on the small side and could be more lighting, our room overlooked the Avenue Marceau, the refurbished hotel is a breath of fresh air, the staff were excellent, the front desk actually did our on line check in for us. Have a drink in the front bar, the barman certainly knows how to make a drink!! and the next day breakfast is in the vaulted cellars - great setting and good food, waiting staff were very attentive. If you are looking for a less formal friendly hotel where everyone knows your name, try it.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>GLaurent
<Content>Very nice This hotel is very nice, great value for the price. The room are very nice and does not look like any others. Only downside, the room are pretty small. The breakfast in the room is really good. I definitly recommend it and go there again.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>brushy
<Content>Great Hotel This was my first time to Paris, It was a birthday present from my Husband a 2 night weekend break. It was a great hotel and a memorable stay to Paris. When we arrived the staff met us with a warm welcome. My Husband booked one of the suites and it was absouletly beautiful. It was a great centrally located Hotel just a stoll away from the Effel Tower and the Arc de triumph, also easy access to the metro. A very memorable weekend and thanks to the staff who were very helpful. Mr  Mrs Doble England  
<Date>Nov 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>clmswallow
<Content>Great Hotel Excellent Location, very close to the Champs Elysee. Easy access to the Metro (Underground) so you`re only minutes away from Paris's main attractions. The staff are very helpful and welcoming. The rooms are a good size, very clean, and are well equiped - safe, mini bar, bath robes, hair dryer, bath  shower, TV, comfortable beds. On our next visit to Paris we will definitely stay here again. Highly Recommended.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>budbing
<Content>Superb Hotel A great hotel in an excellent location. We stayed in the suite which was absolutely lovely very clean and extremely spacious. Staff were very helpful and friendly. Looking forward to planning our next stay.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>MAEL3010
<Content>Wonderful, great value for money The Elysees Regencia is a wonderful little boutique hotel, very well located two blocks down from the Arch de Triomphe and the Champs Elysees. The facility has recently been completely refurbished. We took a Deluxe room, which was not overly large but certainly adequate by Paris standards. The room was spotlessly clean and well maintained, with a large king bed, and an attractive modern bathroom with all new appliances. Separate toilet. Good WiFi connection (with cards purchased from reception). The lobby is compact, but there are three pleasant rooms for drinks and a light meal. The staff were exceptionally polite, efficient and helpful at all times. Breakfast choice was a little on the modest side, but quite sufficient. In a city where hotel tariffs generally range from exorbitant to plain outrageous, this little hotel is a real find. The location is excellent, the rooms are clean and attractive, the staff courteous, and the rates very reasonable. All in all, this is the best value for money I have yet to see in Paris. Highly Recommended.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>RumBabe
<Content>fantastic hotel and time in paris We stayed at the hotel for 2 nights from the 9-11th Nov. We had such a fantastic time the hotel was perfect the staff were very helpful, pleasent and efficent. We will be going back next year! If you have any question please feel free email me. czaks1@yahoo.com  
<Date>Nov 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>eclopvif
<Content>Perfect Great location, beautifull room , perfect service  
<Date>Oct 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>robinrunaway
<Content>Fantastic Hotel Our second stay at this fantastic hotel which we would recommend to anyone without hesitation, perfect in every way. The rooms are superb, kept spotless clean and spacious. The staff are pleasant and helpful at all times.Excellent continental breakfast in a really attractive dining room. The hotel is only a few minutes walk from both the Champs -Elyses and the Seine so it is ideally situated.Best hotel we have ever stayed in.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Moorrise
<Content>Very nice hotel We celebrated our wedding anniversay at this great hotel. It is a traditional Parisain building that has been given a very classy modern refurb. The staff are a great asset to the hotel very friendly and helpful and if your French is not up to scratch, they ALL spoke ecellent English. Everything was very clean and effecient and also quiet. We had a wonderful relaxing time, we are used to walking everywhere so its location on the edge of the main area was not a problem. If I had one complaint with the hotel which for me was unexcusable it was trying to get a taxi. I have to say all weekend we had diffuculty getting taxis in Paris apart from when we went to two great restaurants that had cabs outside in 5 minutes of our request. Whilst I understand that there was some kind of convention on in town the weekend we visted, I have never experienced being told that there are no taxis even though we had asked the front desk to book us one a couple of hours in advance. The receptionist who was so apologetic ran out into the street and virtually comandered one, going beyond the call of duty. As I said earlier, the staff are a great asset to this great hotel. I would have no hesitation in recommending it (as long as they sort the taxis out!)  
<Date>Oct 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>D&LPiver
<Content>Loved the Hotel and its Staff. This hotel is well located near the Arc de Triomphe and the Champs Elysees and gave us ready access to the city of Paris and its environs (e.g. VERSAILLES). The key here is its staff who take a personal interest in helping its guests, from booking sight seeing tours to local restaurants and answers to your many trivial travel related questions. With only 43 rooms you become more than a quest, you become their responsibility. We were wecolmed by all the staff, but were impressed with Townsend and Nichlas at the front desk and Saraht, who acted as Bartender, but also helped us figure out the room safe! The trip to this hotel could have been business or pleasure, but for us it was a 40th aniversary trip to A City we will always love and a trip made better with a stay at the Elysees Regencia. Lee and Donna PiverBoston, MA  
<Date>Oct 22, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Neil.B.P
<Content>Romantic proposal My boyfriend booked me a surprise weekend away. I arrived in Paris and at the Hotel Elysees Regencia. He had booked us the 'lavendar suite'. When I walked in I was ecstatic at how lovely the room was. There was a huge roll top victorian bath in the middle of the room. He had also arranged for champagne to be put in the room and they had sprinkled rose petals on the bed and table. It was beautiful and perfect! There were L'Occitane cosmetics, white robes and slippers for our use. There was also a large shower with body jets which was fantastic and a sink each. I couldn't believe my boyfriend had found the perfect room all on his own! He topped it off with a proposal of marriage up the Eiffel tower at 11pm that night. It was a dream come true. The next morning we had breakfast in the room and again it was fantastic. Fresh breads and pastries, hot chocolate and cooked bacon and eggs. It was lovely. I would definately come back again, maybe for an anniversary. It was a great location, nice and quiet and perfectly clean. They also recommended a great french restaurant right around the corner. Staff were polite, efficient and spoke fantastic english. My only complaint was that I wanted to stay longer. Highly recommended.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Tony_Josette
<Content>Very Professional  We loved all aspects of this Hotel. We stayed for 3 nights and we found out that the Hotel's staff are very helpful. Rooms are spacious, service is good. Very clean, very quite and very close to all the action in Paris. Highly recommended.Tony  Josette  
<Date>Oct 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Ms.Renay
<Content>Perfect stay Short comment: perfect! Beautifull rooms, fantastic service  very good location.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>romefinally
<Content>Liked the hotel, would prefer another location My husband and I stayed here Sept 25- Oct 1 for our 25th anniversary, traveling first to Rome. We stayed in the Ultramarine Suite for 4 nights, then we were switched to a double deluxe room because the suite was prebooked for that last night.The staff was very kind and always willing to be helpful. The staff were all quite young and very sweet.On the plus side of things - the suite was very comfortable, the bed was fabulous, the toiletries excellent, breakfast delicious. Housekeeping was efficient, towels were thick and plentiful, and the huge bathtub was very welcome after days of long Parisian walks. When moved to the double deluxe room, the bathroom was sufficient, but nothing exceptional, with the W/C removed from the rest of the bathroom. Once again, the bed was extremely comfortable.The double deluxe room was nice-sized, but not overly large. I can only imagine that the smaller rooms must be quite small.On the negative side - within the suite, the television was not very useful. No English-language station came through, and the selection was quite limited. Our suite was on the 6th floor, but I often found myself just using the stairs. The hotel has only one elevator, so sometimes there is quite a wait for it. On our last day, it didn't work at all for some reason. When checking out, the staff voluntarily bounded up the stairs to handle our bags. The one computer offered to guests for internet is expensively priced, often in use, and has no printer connected or available. One day, we desperately needed to print out a document to then be signed, notarized, and overnighted. The staff couldn't let us use a printer (nor its own computer), they could only give us the street addresses to internet cafes.The other negative is the location, in a way. While the neighborhood is LOVELY, with pretty easy access to both Georges V and Marceau metro stations, we were constantly headed toward more centrally located districts. Twice we walked the distance, and we're certainly willing to do our share of walking. But, we agreed that any subsequent trip would find us in a hotel or apartment more centrally located.The staff does request that guests drop off and pick up their room keys when leaving/returning. This was not a problem at all, although the concept initially seemed frustrating. The turnaround was always very efficient.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pgaingola
<Content>LOVED the Elysees Regencia From the moment I arrived til the moment I left five days later, I felt consistently happy with this hotel. This hotel is situated in a charming and luxurious area -- the perfect spot for guests to enjoy Paris. The area is quiet, yet close to the Champs Elysees and public transportation. The service was outstanding, the rooms were comfortable. I can't say enough about the staff, in terms of how helpful and accommodating they treated us. I highly recommend this hotel to anyone who is looking for a place to stay during business trips or pleasure.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>HubertandAngie
<Content>Back to Paris after 5(five!!) years. Booked for two nights, but added another. Need I say more!We prolonged the weekend with (almost) a complete monday.Parking was excellent, unloading luggage a bit difficult, but what the heck, this is Paris! Cleanliness tops, a/c fully functioning. Quiet rooms. Will be back!!Hubert and Angie from Belgium.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	3	4	3	

<Author>Sue2000
<Content>Great Modern Hotel       Sign  
<Date>Sep 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>entrad
<Content>Lovely hotel, great value, didn't love location This hotel feels like a W with cool decor, small boutiquy aesthetic. Rooms are large for Paris with lovely new bathrooms and chic colors and furniture. The family suite which is really 2 rooms, each with it's own bathroom, that share a common hallway that can be locked, was a tremendous value. Only complaints were really suboptimal location for us, though if you want to be close to high end shopping it's good (we prefer St. Germain, Marais), and front desk, which was friendly though ultimately not that helpful. Nickel and dime you with paying for wifi (a minor complaint). Breakfast lovely in basement cave.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	3	5	4	4	3	

<Author>TheWinger
<Content>Fantastic hotel! We just finished a short stay at this hotel and will definitely stay here again if we visit Paris. The location was perfect, staff very friendly and helpful and room was very clean and tasteful. Highly recommended.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>mex467
<Content>Wonderful hotel! I stayed only for one night, as I was passing through Paris, en route to Italy- but will definitely return. It was a lovely hotel, the rooms are spacious and very comfortable. The bathroom has nice amenities. The service was friendly and restaurant recommendations from the front desk were very good. I arrived early from an overnight flight and they got me into a room-which was much appreciated! I was sad to only have one evening there. They have a nice breakfast room as well, and several lounge areas to relax. The location is great, a perfect spot for exploring Paris. I think the hotel is definitely worth checking out if you're going to Paris.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>raven11
<Content>very nice hotel for reasonable price Stayed for 1 night. Was really satisfied by the hotel.Location: 400m from metro station George V at th e champs ellysee. 5 minutes walk. despite that, very quiet.Outside: nice, typical parisien facade. Clean street. Fine neighborhood. Reception: Friendly, efficient service. Couldn麓t check in early, but when i returned at 3p.m. all my booking-requests ( non-smoking room, bigger bed, higher level ) were met. Bedroom: Nr. 52. ultra-modern, spotless clean. Exactly like in the photos on expedia. I had the red one. Big ceiling-to-floor window, you could open it giving room to a little balcony. You could really see, that it was newly renovated.Washroom: White, imaculate clean. Big, soft towels. As modern equipted as the Bedroom. Notice: The hairdryer works, when you put on the lights. And even here: Big floor -to-ceiling window, also to open. Seperate (!) toilet. Breakfast: Best I ever had in France. Small baguettes, freh fruits, tasty yoghurt, scrambled eggs, ham, croissant, good coffee, not so strong like they favour it in Paris. Its in the basement, the room looking like a whitened whine-cellar transformed into a expensive retaurant. Aircondition: worked silent and without notice.Was there any downside? To make it heaven, a big bathrobe was missing. I ask for it next time, in ahotel like that they might give even that to you.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Twigy
<Content>Great Honeymoon Stay From all the hotels we stayed at during our honeymoon trip in Europe, the Elysee Regencia in Paris really stood out from the crowd. We were treated like royalties. The front desk staff has been so warm and helpful. They arranged to make dinner reservations at the loveliest restaurants and were so patient with all our queries. And all of this in English! I was very impressed. After a long day of sightseeing, we would enjoy an aperitif in the cozy bar and felt so relaxed. Probably the best experience we both had was the Swedish massage. It was out of this world. They also have air-conditioned rooms. We wouldn't have survived the heat wave without AC. This is very important to us (in our LA home we have AC in every room) and we suffered a lot in many other hotels during our trip. The whole experience was great. I will definitely recommend the Elysee Regencia to my friends and colleagues.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Morkris
<Content>Made a great trip better The location is one of those rare things in a city, quiet, but central to everything do full marks there.The interiors were new, clean, well presented and very comfortable. now worries on that score, and the breakfast room was comfortable and a little quirky.The real winner in this hotel was the high stnadard of service from the very plesant staff.All in a Great hotel  
<Date>Jul 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A very "hot" first nigth in Paris I use tripadviser very frequently to consult travel places worldwide. I am a physician in Brazil and travel around the world in Medical Conferences and Meetings.The last one was in Vienna and Paris. My first night in Paris was very 鈥渉ot鈥?literally, because the air conditioner is broken and the temperature even at night was above 75o F. I try everything: call the front desk, go there and talk to the manager, try to fix myself the control. Finally sweat and tired I quit. I take a bath and open the window (the suggestion of the front desk manager) and try to sleep. The Morfy鈥檚 Law seen to follow me that night so as the temperature drops the noises go up and I have to choose between a 鈥渉ot鈥?night or a 鈥渘oise鈥?one. The next day before breakfast I go to front desk and the day manager promises me to fix the air conditioner. When I arrive in the evening I find a portable air conditioner adapted at my window, and it works but the noise is even louder than outside. I go down again and insist to change to other room and the manager tries to elude me sawing that all rooms are at the same condition. I call for checkout and than the new room appear. I stay in this new room (not an upgrade one) for 5 nights and the air conditioner works fine and in silence. Be aware of troubles room at Elysse Regencia in Paris, and if you don鈥檛 complain about the troubles you get the hotel staff will smile to you and say 鈥淢erci鈥? (First room is 24 and second 64)  
<Date>Jul 18, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>John1164
<Content>Great Spot Great little hotel in the 16th next to the Champ Elysees and the alma Marceau metro spot. This is in a quiet, though wealthy neighborhood in Paris. It is perfect for those that don't want to stay right in the middle of the tourist and busier part of the city. The rooms were clean, well decorated and well air-conditioned. The staff, particularly the conceirage, were teriffic. I stay at a lot of top luxury hotels and i think i prefer the smaller, boutique spots like this. I really liked it.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Hotel The hotel is very conveniently located, and the staff is marvelous...friendly, helpful and extremely professional. We were asked by a credit card travel service to rate the property, and we recommended it highly.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Dashia
<Content>Great Haven My husband and I had a king room on the top floor (6th) with the view of the top of the Eiffel Tower and our guests had a twin room on the 2nd floor. Both rooms were spacious clean and well decorated. Our room only had windows which worked well for us and our guests had a small balcony which was good as one was a smoker, their room faced the busier street however they said they didn't hear any street noise. The staff were very helpful and curteous. The location was great for sightseeing and going out to dinner in the nearby Champs area.We also loved the 12pm check-out time and thought that to be very generous and certainly isn't the usual in all other places we have stayed. It is weird having to leave the key at reception though whenever you go out to be honest I did feel a bit uneasy about it especially seeing as when you come back and ask for the key they don't question who you are. However I wouldn't let that put me off staying there as it is a great little place. The Mini bar is very pricey, however there is a little shop practically just around the corner which is far better value 0.60 Euro for a bottle of water as opposed to the mini bar price of 6.00 Euros!!All up it was a great little hotel and I would stay here again.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>anotherBirmingham_UK
<Content>Great hotel, would stay here again! The hotel is very conveniently located, only a minute walk to the Arc de triomphe and 5 minutes walk from the champs d'elysees. It is a small hotel, but as soon as we walked into the reception area the staff were full of big smiles! Seriously, the receptionist was very nice and helpful and gave us tourist maps, and helped to book us taxis. On our last day, he even suggested that we could leave our luggage at the hotel even though we had checked out, whilst we went to get some lunch before our ride back to the airport. We had to leave our keys at the hotel everytime we left it, and amazingly the staff there remembered which rooms we were in ( our group had 2 rooms) so when we came back from sightseeing they had our keys ready before we reached the reception desk!! Talk about attention to detail!Re: the rooms. They were decorated very tastefully, were very clean and had great airconditioning which was essential during our stay as Paris had reached a very hot 35 degrees. Very comfy and big bed - we had a double, but 3 people could have easily slept in it! The TV was decent in that it had the BBC - essential for world cup viewing in english for my husband! Room size was big enough but the bathroom was luxury. It was pretty big, with a bath with power shower over it (great water pressure from the shower with hot water all the time). Fluffy towels and even bathrobes and slippers were provided - it was so nice! We stayed on the first floor and was worried that it would be noisy, but we didn't hear anything from the street below.The week before we had previously stayed at a 4 star Hilton in London, but the regencia hotel seems like a 5 star hotel in comparison.All in all it was a great hotel, the staff were friendly and helpful and if we were to go back to Paris we would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We love the Elysees Regencia This was our second visit to Paris, and both times have stayed at the Regencia. The rooms are inviting and comfortable. The staff are always so courteous and helpful, and the location is absolutely perfect. We will definitely stay at the Elysees Regencia again.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BigCigar
<Content>Superb Hotel  The hotel is clean, smart and new. The room was average size for Paris and the fixtures and fittings were spotless and clean. Robes and slippers were included. We could see the top of the Eiffel Tower from our room, and we were on a quiet side street, so our stay was peaceful.We didn't eat there as there are lots of places to eat locally but the downstairs restaurant looked great, with smart toilets. The staff are very friendly, they always said hello and were happy to help, they even threw us in 2 free coffees whilst we waited to check in 4 hours early! Impressive, it would have been easy for them to say Non, but they didn't, thank you.The location is great, a short walk to the champs elysees, and if you want a taxi they'll sort it for you no problems. Whilst this hotel is not the cheapest, you'll be happy to have spent a little extra.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>knspr
<Content>Cozy Boutique Hotel in Convenient Location This hotel is a chic little boutique hotel located on a busy Ave. Marceau just two blocks from the Arc and Champs Elysees. It is very convenient for walking to to the Eiffel Tower and all the shops and restaurants in the area. If you are looking for something on a charming, quiet, street, this is not it. There are no beautiful views and it is noisy since it is on busy street. However, the hotel itself is cozy and chic. The first room we got was very small, too small for my teenage daughter and I, but upon request we were given a larger (still small) room the next morning. The manager was extremely accomodating and made sure that we and our traveling companions had larger rooms. Unless you are traveling alone, stay away from the corner rooms like 11 and 21. They are the ones that very tiny. Try Paul for pastries and hip Mandala Ray for a wonderful dinner and people watching.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Garminte
<Content>Great place We stay for pur honeymoon and it麓s worth it a lot. I really like the everything of this hotel. The staff was very nice to us. And the location is great.  
<Date>May 30, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent hotel Staff really friendly and helpful. Rooms superb. Would recommend hotel and area to anyone. Look forward to returning !  
<Date>May 11, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Child friendly We were in Paris last week end with our 3 children and we spent a wonderful time at Hotel Elysees Regencia. We booked a family room (2 connecting rooms) and were not disappointed by the room size and the elegant design.Efficient, friendly and helpful staff. Excellent cleanliness as well as facilities in rooms.Child friendly and accomodating. We will be back in coming to Paris  
<Date>May 9, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>This is a well kept secret My husband and I just returned home from a week spent in this lovely 4 star boutique hotel, Hotel Elysees Regencia.We have found excellent the hotel's location, the standard and the size of its room as well as the the service .The staff was very gracious and help us feel very welcome, especially Kathrin who speaks a wonderful english !We were very impressed with the large choice of TV channels. You can see latest american movies in english and watch news on CNN. This was not our first time in Paris and we have been really impressed by the standing of this renovated hotel. As we have been in Europe for several times, we did not except the hotel room to be as spacious as in the States. However compared to other hotels in Paris, we were very satisfied by the size of our standard room. We will definitively stay here again and recommend it to our friends.  
<Date>May 2, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bruno.bemelmans
<Content>Very nice hotel, bit expensive Very nice design hotel with a friendly staff. Standard room at 200 euro, very clean, big enough, quiet, nice bathroom, seperated toilet. English breakfast at 18 euro in a beautifull place. Central location at 300m from metro George V. Only thing to complain: at friday evening at 10.30 the bar was closed when arriving after dinner.Would recommend this hotel!  
<Date>May 1, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>TripAdvMember12
<Content>Great base for our weekend in Paris We selected this hotel on the basis of the TripAdvisor recommendations and we were not disappointed. We arrived on Friday evening and were checked in quickly and shown to our room (41). The room was very clean, pleasantly decorated, and had a mini bar and safe. We liked the quiet atmosphere and the helpful staff - in particular Aurore was very determined to find a map for us of a place we needed to reach in the 13e arrondisement. They also have a PC available for the internet but it does require you to purchase time and I think they also have wi-fi but again I'm not sure if it costs euro or is free. The bed was turned down each nights and chocolates were left on our pillows. The only negative we would mention is that our television didn't really work but we weren't watching it anyway.We would definitely stay here again if we could afford it - it's a bit pricier than we would usually spend but it was an anniversary celebration so we splurged.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not great but okay       View from the balcony  
<Date>Apr 24, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>kauailover11
<Content>Thank You Tripadvisor!! You saved my stay in Paris!! After conducting a tiring 3 month search on the web, I finally found this gem. My past Paris hotel experiences had been terrible. Small rooms, dirty hallways and yes the arrogant staff. I have stayed in 3-stars, 4-stars and 5 stars and none of them were appealing. I had little expectations for this hotel although the tripadvisors recommended it.I was wrong. From the moment I walked in, the receptionist was very welcoming and spoke fluent English. The room was decorated in contemporary style furniture, yellow-green hue and boy was I astonished to find it SPOTLESSLY CLEAN!!!I am a hyper-germ sensitive person. I always carry wet wipes in my bag to wipe off any germs or stickiness I may get from buttons/knobs/eurostar tables.(Yes my husband/friends/family tell me I AM paranoid)The cleaners for this hotel must be scrubbing off dirt with whatever strongest detergent/brush on the planet because there was no trace of anything (not even a finger print on the switches--stainless steel)The marble floor bathroom and toilet was shining, the hairdryer digital(temperature adjustable) the amenities were good. The bed and pillows comfy.Brekafast was a good choice of eggs, fruit, yogurt, juices, pastries.The only cons would be a)no clock in the room--had to ask wake up call every now and then and b)the room was facing the elevator hall so heard noises of people returning to their rooms in the middle of the night.But I would definitely return to this hotel, the safe neighbourhood of Georges V and a 3 minute walk to the Champs Elysees, the excellent cleanliness and the friendly staff, the value for money is unbeatable.If you want to enjoy a nice afternoon tea, take a stroll down the avenue to the Plaza Athenee. They serve excellent choices of teas and cakes in the lovely lounge, the harpist will perform everyday from 1500. And it is inexpensive.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>HRWorldTraveler
<Content>Ideal It was our first time in Paris and we decided to stay at Hotel Elysees Regencia. Decoration is modern and design, rooms are spacious and well furnished(we were in a aniseed deluxe room with a king size bed!!!), location is central near the Champs Elysees(ideal whether you are going shopping or enjoying culture).We really enjoyed our stay thanks to the staff who were polite and helpful. their recommendations were excellent (such as nice restaurants not too expensive and tours to Versailles and Giverny). Breakfast was also a great experience: full American buffet breakfast with bacon, eggs, sausages, juices, cereals and...the French croissant of course!! It was a pleasure to start out on the right foot every morning with the breakfast. Our stay was ideal. Highly recommended!!!  
<Date>Mar 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Mike_Finnegan
<Content>A splendid 4 star hotel We could not have had a more pleasant stay. Everything was excellent. the staff were extremely polite and friendly. the level of daily cleaning and looking after our room could not be faulted. Food was varied and fresh at breakfast. The room was comfortable, quiet and relaxing. We loved the decoration of the hotel. It was a pleasure staying there: a very nice 4* hotel!!  
<Date>Mar 21, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Romantic Suites Recently returned from 4 nights at this excellent Hotel Elysees Regencia. We were two couples and stayed each of us in one of the 2 suites. we have never been in a such romantic place!If you like modern style, you'd better take a deluxe room instead (very different decoration).We would definitively return for our wedding anniversary!!!  
<Date>Mar 14, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very clean and professional One of our friends recommended us this hotel and I have no regrets!!! The hotel is beautiful with modern decoration and lovely bathroom and bed. The room was always tidy and clean. The staff was also helpful and friendly.We really enjoyed our stay there: highly recommended!!!  
<Date>Mar 7, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Boutique Hotel I loved this hotel: very modern, well decorated and immaculately clean!!! the bed is excellent as well as the staff who fulfilled all my requests.I will definitively stay here again and recommend.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>An excellent design hotel We enjoyed our stay at Hotel Elysees Regencia in Paris. the staff were polite, helpful and friendly and the room was gorgeous. The general decor of the whole hotel was lovely and modern and we would definately return there again in the future. highly recommended!!  
<Date>Feb 27, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very nice hotel this is a very nice hotel near the Champs-Elys茅es Avenue. The reception staff is very polite and helpful.The rooms are fantastic and service is great.We would definitely come back there!!  
<Date>Feb 20, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent location and beautiful rooms Hotel Elysees Regencia is a lovely hotel in an excellent location (easy walking distance of the main attractions and close to the Champs Elys茅es).All staff were very friendly and helpful.The room was beautifully furnished and well proportioned. We recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent I stayed in a superior room last January. Everything was excellent (hotel, room, breakfast) but there were no movies on TV.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent hotel with lovely suites We came in Paris last month and stayed at Hotel Elysees Regencia. We really enjoyed our stay in the purple suite. The room was overstanding and was everything we had expected. The hotel is in a perfect location and was easy to get to and find. The staff were very helpful and friendly. Overall this hotel was overstanding and we will definitively stay here again in the future.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Splendid hotel We very much enjoyed our stay in Hotel Elysees Regencia. This is a lovely hotel. The room was clean and confortable. Staff, food and location area was excellent. The next time we visit Paris, we would be happy to stay here and we will recommend it to others.  
<Date>Jan 17, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>daisygirlholidaymad
<Content>Excellent Modern Hotel!! Me and my boyfriend (now fiance as he proposed to me on our visit to paris!!!) stayed at this hotel end of Oct for 3nights. We found it quiet but in a fantasic location,approx 3min walk to the champs elyese and arc de trumph, with the variety of food outlets. Standards size room beautifully designed and finished. We could even see the top of the eiffel tower from our balcony...I would definately recommend this hotel to couples for a romantic break and will be staying here again when we return!!!  
<Date>Nov 29, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>fuzzyrhino
<Content>Great room. Pity about air-con.   showReview(4046657, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 24, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I would do it again!   showReview(3724301, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 31, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

