<Author>xneiax
<Content>Perfect!! The prefect place for a perfect getaway. Booked a triple room for ourselves. We were given the family deluxe room which was super huge and could easily accommodate a couple more people.Only emailed the hotel for a transfer from the airport one day before I was scheduled to arrive. They manage to reply me on time and I received their email confirming my transport right before I went in the waiting area of my flight. Excellent start!!Driver was already there waiting for us when we landed and check in at the hotel took us less than 15 minutes. We got complimentary welcome drinks while waiting as well.Only thing was our room was on the third floor and no lifts to carry us up after a long day out. But it wasn't much of a problem for us to complain. Rooms were cleaned every day without fail. Bottled plain waters refilled and fresh towels changed. Beds are also made up nicely.Breakfast was a bit of a letdown. Same menu every day and food was only so so. But nothing to complain about here as well as there are many other food outlets jsut around the corner. Pool was big with enough sun to keep warm after a cool swim. Lots of lounges available and I don't see a need to reserve any for your session of tanning.Also must try their spa! Cheap and good!! Tried the Bali Massage for Her package.. Includes basic facial.. foot scrub.. steam bath..jacuzzi bath.. herbal bath.. herbal drink and brownie and all for 300,000IDR only!!!Location is superb. Only a few minutes walk from Kuta Centre and Kuta Square. If you need to go to Kuta Beach.. You can always walk to the Discovery Centre and cut through the shopping mall. Nearby to all but still i the quieter part of the town. There are also a lot of the tour counters nearby fr you to book your day tours.Been to Bali 4 times and I've enjoyed every single trip like it was my first time!  
<Date>Dec 16, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>SwayAway
<Content>A Perfect Break The Febri's Resort was outstanding. Fabulous  friendly service, clean  working facilities, brilliant location (close to Centro mall, street stalls and beach, but not in the loud and somewhat odourous centre of Kuta).I highly recommend the spa for relaxing, top shelf (but comparitvely expensive to other spa/salons in the area) spa treatments, however there's a slight drawback to this service - the girls working for the spa tended to be quite pushy  persistent in booking the hotel guests into expensive packages either when checking into your room (when you're typically exhausted, overwhelmed and fresh with money and no perspective of average prices), having finished your meal and they give you a 'complimentary' neck massage while you browse their brochure and they even try to book you again moments after having received a relaxing massage!This was hardly a concern for us as we remained firm in our decisions and provided you do the same, they wont hassle you any further.The pool was ALWAYS clean, plenty of sunbeds, poolside servicefor drinks etcThe rooms were immaculate, equipped with air con, medium sized fridge, tv with over 50 cable channels and neat bathroom (due to its relatively recent construction, Febri's has yet to show signs of getting tiresome, typical of most Balinese hotels).The restaurant was good - buffet breakfast was always nice and we were spoilt for choice, however we generally ate out of a night/for lunch as the prices were a bit higher and the meals of no exceptional size/quality.The bar had a wide selection of drinks, however for guranteed availability of liqueurs/cocktails - go to 'Baroque Cafe' outside Centro by the beach. Cocktails go for 40 000 rp, there's a wide variety and they're DELICIOUS.Febri's offers free transport (to/from airport and popular locations), however if in need of other transport - trust a taxi as the traffic is near impossible to navigate safely for most Westerners. 'Blue Bird' taxis price you from a meter, are very VERY reasonable, friendly  wont try to persuade you to go anywhere else with them in future.I went to Febri's with my partner (we are both mid 20's) and we had a terrific time - however if you're after a completely luxurious, romantic and child-free resort, I suggest you look elsewhere as the Febri's is a great spot for all ages (including kids - the kids club there was quite popular) and due to it's location in South Kuta, it isn't a secret hideaway but more of a vibrant, fun loving place with karaoke almost every night with fellow guests, diners and the Febri's staff.  
<Date>Dec 14, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>jancolsun
<Content>great place       the pool area  
<Date>Dec 13, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	2	-1	

<Author>MauiGirlOahu
<Content>Excellent choice! I found this hotel through Trip Advisor because it was my first time to Bali and we wanted to stay somewhere near the airport because our flight came in late. After traveling around Bali, we also decided to come back here on our last day because it has all of the amenities you need and more. It's great because it's within close (walking distance) proximity to Kuta without being right in the center of the madness. The room was very clean and air-conditioned (a MUST). The pool is also great. I highly reccomend going to the spa. It's one of the best and the prices are great. Out of all the spas I visited in Bali, the one at Febri's was the best value. I felt like I was in a 5 star resort when I was at the spa. Febri's is across the street from a larger resort that you can walk right through to go to the beach but there is major construction going on at the beach in Tuban so you don't want to go in the water there. Lastly, the breakfast wasn't stellar and there is major construction going on next door so you may not be able to nap during the day. If you want to feel safe, want air-conditioning and a nice, clean room, I highly suggest booking this place. I would go back.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	3	4	2	

<Author>kjtan
<Content>value for money and good overall hotel i stayed here with my family from 30 nov till 6 dec 2008.found febri's to be a value for money. it has a very nice pools and the family rooms can house a family of five comfortably.the breakfast buffet provided was adequate and they provide free airport transfer if stayed for more than 2 days. the journey to the airport is only approx. 10 minutes away. i will recommend my friends and their family to stay there.if there was a negative point to state, like others it would be the stairs and it was quite painfull to see my mother with a bad knee at 70 climbing it. we stayed on the second floor in one of their two three stories buildings. so do ask for the ground floor ifyou have an aged parent or a wheelchair bound person ,in my case i did asked for one but was told it depended on their availablity on the day of check-in. :( it didnt help that i requested a month in advance. i'm just glad now it wasnt the third floor. so if stairs climbing are not an issue its a great hotel and is within walking distant to all the shopping areas in kuta. Overrall it is a good hotel. i wont mind staying there again.thanks . .Tan kia jong (singapore)  
<Date>Dec 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>Mickytraveller
<Content>Very good hotel Stayed here for 4 Nights and this being my first trip to Bali was looking forward to this.Got into Bali at around 7 in the evening and was welcomed to a balinese thunderstorm which looked spectacular.Checked into ThE Febris in no time as the Airport is only 5 minutes drive away.The hotel rooms are quite a good size and are clean and have a nice balcony that you can sit by and just chill out with a beer.The febris has a very large fridge that you can put your beers in which was handy as the supermarket was next door.The next couple of days were spent by the pool relaxing the pool was very nice and well maintained and the food and drinks was very good value for money and good quality.The staff at Febris should also get a mention here as they were very friendly efficient and helpful nothing was too much trouble would definitely stay here again when i go to Bali next year  
<Date>Dec 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	-1	5	-1	-1	

<Author>KutaSurf
<Content>Febris/Green Garden Saw quite a few negative comments from in last 3 or 4 weeks in the Bali Travel Forum. Wife and I were quite worried at first. We just finished our holiday today after 2 weeks of pampering time at Febris and are reluctant to go home. While waiting for boarding call, thought I'd better add some comments about Febris and its sister properties - Green Garden Hotel and the Green Garden Beach Resort.Being regular travellers to Bali, we were fortunate to be able to sample various hotels from budget to five stars. Indeed, these family hotels deserve a pat on their back for their value for money. We ate most nights in both restaurants simply because they were good and very resonably priced. Staff were very friendly. I asked the manager for special order (not in the menu) and she was so happy to make it the following day. Apparently many Dutch clients also asked special order/ traditional Indonesian food and they came every night...!Yes, I did not get as much value as before with my aussie dollar. But certainly these hotels offered better value as compared to many others within the area. The spa was great, food was delicious, staff were sooo friendly, rooms were always clean and fresh. Although prices have increased, I can still relate to that. Afterall, their costs have drastically increased in the past 3 months too and they must survive to upkeep the properties.No wonder, Febris is booked out all the way until January. We are back in May09 and already booked to stay at Febris again. Well, where else.... offering such a memorable holiday.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>orson_y
<Content>cheap but clean motel type rooms the property is made up of 3 buildings. 2 for residents and a third for spa treatments. the restaurant is located just by the road, and beside it a tiny counter that houses the check-in desk and office. after crossing the restaurant, you will see the swimming pool, on the right is a 3 storey building the houses the foot massage/beauty salon and the single/double rooms. at the end of the property houses the second e storey building that houses the family room. and at the very back is a small 1 storey room that houses the spa room.i got the family room for my stay, and wow it was HUGE. it contains 2 single beds and a queen bed. it had a basic cupboard, in room safe, a big fridge, tv and split type airconditioning. the toilet contains a huge quarter circle bath tub. at first, i thought it was a jacuzzi, but it did not have those water nozzles. the water pressure is okay. and since it was a hot day, did not have any problems with hot water - the hotel uses solar energy to heat the water system.what i did not like about it was the doors. both the terrace doors and the main doors do not lock automatically when closed. you have to lock it manually using a key. the terrace is quite easy to access from the outside, so for security reason, make sure you lock your terrace door properly. there is also no elevator, just stairs. so it might be difficult for older folks.the toilet sometimes makes some weird noises, like bubbles being blown - air escaping. the free breakfast was almost devoid of any meat expect for the sausage. don't bother with the waffle, it was tasteless. but most of the guess were aussies, and seemed to like the breakfast. here are some of the items in the breaskfast selection1. scrambled egg2. baked beans3. fried rice4. steam veggie5. pumpkin with coconut milk6. fresh fruits (papaya, pineapple, melon)7. white and brown bread and a selection of jams and butter.8. tomatoes (not sure if they were fried)9. they have a separate egg station just outside the restaurant10. thick hash browns (yummy)11. boiled potato 12 fried chinese noodles.13. chicken sausages14. french beans15. steamed corn on the cob.16. waffle/pancakei got a free transfer to the airport because i stayed more than 2nights, which was quite nice. i did not really like the flowers they put on the bed. it feels so forced. but the flower petal arrangements by the foot massage are quite unique.bottom line, this is one of those good value for money places. the family room is recommened for 4 people ,  
<Date>Oct 22, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>Noni0
<Content>Motel Style Febris is more motel style, not your typical resort hotel in Bali,Stayed here for 2 weeks in Sept 2008, and enjoyed it, Reception area is at the end of the resturant, felt a bit odd checking in, suit cases everywhere,with people having dinner. Family rooms are large, I think there is 12 of them at the back of hotel, this makes Febris very appealing for families, large groups, at very reasonable rates. Rooms very clean, Deluxe twin room, a little small, when staying for 2 weeks, ground floor are the way to go, stairs to 2nd and 3rd floor very steep and alot of them, Obviously ground floor is very popular, quite a few issues with guests who arrived and had requested ground floor which weren't available, including us (  we booked in feburary).We ended up in family room for first 3 nights. Pool area is OK, pool itself is lovely,very clean and refreshing, there were guests from hotel across the road coming in, using the pool, gets rather busy in the afternoons with lots of kids, and bit of drinking happening, They staff are great , friendly, very helpful, and were particually nice to us. There is no real security at front, so anyone can wander in. Breakfast ordinary, Egg Station very good, old style cafe bar machine (press the button). All in all, not too bad. If I was looking for really good cheap hotel, would stay again.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>HappySavers
<Content>Terrific Febri's We have just returned from our holiday at the Febri's in Bali. We were a family of 4 with our children being 16 and 13. We also had family holidaying with us with their 2 children aged 5 and 2. The Febri's was terrific for us all with room being extremely large and a larger fridge which was empty so that you could just put all your own things in the fridge, unlike many hotels who stock it with their drinks etc and you have to unpack them and repack. The single beds were very large and with a 6ft 2inch child we were very happy that they were not just roll away ones unlike what friends at a neighbouring hotel had for their children.The hotel was very clean in a lovely location with the staff very friendly and helpful.The swimming pool was a delight and was a great temperature that it was very pleasant to get into and still very refreshing.There were plently of sun lounges around the pool however perhaps for those that burn a few unbrella's may have come in handy.The breakfast was the same on a daily basis however there was a great variety including egg station, and plenty of food not one day did I see them run short.At the Febri's the location was terrific and the price was even better, I suggest that you stay at the Febri's and with the money that you would save from staying at neighbouring hotels you will have plently of spending money.This was our 6th visit to Bali and will definitely stay at the Febri's again.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>mintie123
<Content>Febris is great!       Inside family room, 5 x people/beds  
<Date>Sep 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>harishbala
<Content>A clean decent budget hotel worth visiting       View of the swimming pool  
<Date>Sep 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>kegler747
<Content>Highly Recommended! I am actually booked at Green Garden Hotel (a sister hotel of Febri's) but I was transferred to Febri's Hotel due to some problem with the airconditioning. I didn't mind the transfer because I know that Febri's is a much expensive option and I didn't have to pay for the upgrade.Several days before my stay, Ms. Yuli of Green Garden even sent an email containing the information of everything you need to know about the hotel and what to expect during to stay. I appreciate it very much, it is my first time to receive such email eventhough I previously stayed in several 5-star and 4-star hotels and resorts.Everything regarding the unscheduled transfer was handled professionally. Eventough my reservation is just for a standard room the hotel let us stay in a big family room. The room and bathroom were clean and the refrigerator is not the usual small hotel type. I love their swimming pool, I only planned to swim for just 15 mins. but in the end it lasted for an hour. I also love the fresh flowers on top of the bed!My early morning airport transfer is punctual and they use a brand new vehicle. I love the personal touch as somebody even called me if I want a help with my luggage.I think I have no right to complain with the price I paid as compared with the treatment I received and the room/amenities I used during my stay.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>subbymelbourne
<Content>fantastic My husband and 2 children 13  14 stayed at the Febris in a family room. The room was very spacious and cleaned thoroughly early every day. The breakfast was very good with alot of choices and the staff were very friendly and helpful.Upon arrival we received a 2 hour foot and back massage, this massage was one of the best that I had in Bali. The spa offered a lot of services. You could see that people came from many other hotels to the Spa.We ate at the restaurant a couple of times and found the food and beverages a very reasonable price and very nice. All in all I would recommend this hotel as it was a real gem. Many people that I met said the price was very cheap compared to other hotels and they were not as niceMichele Melbourne  
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>delboyPerth
<Content>Febris is a Tuban gem My wife  I have just arrived back from a three place stay in Bali covering Ubud,Sanur and Tuban.We stayed at Febris after reading reviews on Tripadvisor. This turned out to be an excellent choice.The hotel has a very good location just slightly out of the way of the central Tuban, Kuta area but well within easy walking distance.Febris in my opinion has got just what the holiday visitor expects when booking this type of Bali location. You do not book Tuban if you want complete peace and serenity.The hotel is very clean, the rooms are spacious and modern. They have T.V. coffee  tea making facilities, fridge, large bathroom, big comfortable beds with a veranda with views over the the lovely and quite warm pool.The breakfast is very good and the staff are very friendly and a credit to Febris they are helpful and good natured.The food  drinks are good value but the Spa perhaps is a bit pricey.This hotel has really got it's act together Well done! Bravo ! Febris.If we visit this area again we will stay here.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Wakey40
<Content>Great Family Hotel Just spent 11 Days  Nights at the Febri's with my family of 7, we had 2 ground floor family rooms that were very spacious and clean with a large fridge and bath room area.The staff are very friendly and helpful and great with children. The rooms were cleaned to perfection every morning with fresh flowers being placed on the beds adding a great touch.The pool was nice and clean, just a little cool for my liking.We found the febri's to be in a great location with everything close enough to walk to.Great value for money would certainly stay there again  
<Date>Aug 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>MiCaSoSwan
<Content>Will come back to Febri's We got picked up from the airport although our flight was late. That was a good start. Our rooms weren't ready yet but that was ok. We had two family rooms and they were very spacious and well maintained. The fridges are big and as I like to buy fruit and other nibblies they were very welcome. First time I had a room with such a big fridge. Some noise of building nearby but not disruptive at all.The buffet breakfast was adequate. The pool was nice as well. Small glitch was that they were doing works and were doing electrical welding on top of a ladder, balancing on the edge of the pool, while people were in the water. Not really safe but I guess that by now that work is done.The staff was really friendly, the thing you would expect in Bali anyway.The location is great, close to Discovery shopping center, Center of Kuta, Waterbom park and the beach without having to pay the big price.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>reddie3
<Content>Great stay at febri's Just spent 11 nights at the Febri's with my family of 5, very happy with this hotel, very spacious and clean rooms, staff are very friendly and helpful, pool nice and clean, just a little cool for my liking.We found the febri's to be in a great location with everything close enough to walk to.Great value for money would certainly stay there again.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Latnad
<Content>Febris is GREAT We have stayed at the Febris each year for the past 3yrs. As a family with two young children, we love the location, spacious family rooms, friendly staff (Gede is a good guide and the best driver! - he is located out the front), and wonderful spa/massage treatments all on-site. The hotel is right across from the Bali Dynasty. There is a good money exchanger across the road right next to a small supermarket - it is also not a far walk from the Centro Shopping Centre and Waterbom Park. We will be back next year!  
<Date>Jun 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>kuota
<Content>Great hotel. Not a perfect experience but value for money +++ Our brief History - my wife and I and our almost 2 year old daughter booked into Febri's for a 2 week trip. This is our 4th trip to Bali but not for over a decade. We previously stayed at 4+ star hotels but wanted a budget/value for money trip. We definitely got this at Febri's. We booked into Febri's based on the responses from this website so this review is to contribute to that knowledge base.First the negatives:- with a young child, noise was a problem for us. This is our biggest issue. We stayed in the Family deluxe rooms which seemed to transmit noise very easily particularly from the outside areas (adjacent balconies and the front walkways). Even normal noises transmit easily in these rooms, but these are generally manageable, but unfortunately for us we had a large group of school teenagers having parties at 1AM and scaring our child with their hoots of laughter and ruckus. To the hotel's credit our complaints were eventually heeded by the 3rd night where security kept them to 11PM, but we had to put up with it for 2 nights which made it difficult to get our daughter to sleep  staying asleep.- the pool was too cold for us at this time of the year. Bali was surprisingly cooler  less humid than expected/we remember (still humid but sort of pleasant for this part of the world). I don't think there was any heating at all (ie. water temp warmer in summer, cooler in their winter)- the child part of the pool was too deep for our daughter to stand by herself - ie. there was no tapered entry, it was shallower than the deeper part of the pool, but not suited to any child below maybe 2.5 years-3 years of average height (our daughter if on the 80th %tile of her height charts so not a shorty!).- the room airconditioners leaked water consistently. We moved from our first allocated room because the aircon leaked a pool of water that made the marble flooring treacherous. Our second room did the same but I learnt how to manage it ourselves.Now the positives, these outweigh the negatives:- friendly staff who know your name eventually (smaller hotel = more personal). The owner lives at Febri's and he  his wife are very friendly as only a hotel of this size could afford such intimacy and access to management.- super clean, the cleaning staff look to take pride in their work and the daily cleaning was superb- despite the leaking, the aircon worked very efficiently for a large room- the family rooms are a superb 55m2 - very big and spacious. Very big short of a multi-room suite, but of course you will pay more for that. Sound attentuation may be better in the standard rooms though.- the restaurant is superb and best of all, is safe. The sister Green Garden is also as good. The word is that the Indo-food is better at Green Garden  the Western-food better at Febri's, at a very reasonable price (though can get cheaper in Kuta town but taking more chances with gastrointestinal risks)- the full size fridge was very useful, as was the in-room safe.- the pool was great to do laps in the morning.- the location was superb. You can walk to Kuta Square in around 7-8 min (my pace - a little faster than average) but a Taxis (take the blue taxi spelt Taxi not Taksi) are metered and expect to pay 5000Rup (about 55 cents Aussie) which is bugger all.- very good nocturnal security at night, located every 10 meteres!, the security help tourists cross the busy street and stop any vehicle from stopping ion front of the resturants/hotels- the in-house spa/massage was excellent. Very good value for money compared with Aust standards - 3-4hour massage/treatments cost around A$30-35. We have no other Bali spa experience but this was convenient for us and the staff were professional and likely professionally trained (I have had a lot of sports massages in my time). Don't be fooled by the 5 foot skinny Balinese girl, they are strong!Overall, despite our preference for better sound attenuation in the Family rooms, the package was great value for a 3 star hotel. We would have paid around A$1,000 more for 2 weeks in the 4 star across the road for slightly more amenties but likely less bang per buck. For the budget conscious, Febri's is a good choice.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>lpsukroo
<Content>a ok 3 star gr8 to be collected and taken to airport - nice hotel - dont recommend top floor unless u like climbing 3 flights of steps - every1 part from 1 person in hotel got sick - not sure if it was hotel food - kitchen looked a bit suss. breakfast for bali was very mundane - just the very basics - pay for it there $4.00 per person aussie . rooms r excellent and huge - we stayed here cause it was the only hotel i could find that would cater for 5 people in 1 room. The staff are not up to very high standards in house keeping - beds made ect n they couldnt do enough for u - but dont expect the little shampoo / soap cause there is none - we had five people only 2 glasses supplied 2 cups etc - bed linen was for 3 beds - towel for 4 people etc all just a bit of winging i suppose - kids club very small - no supervision just a small room with a mini trampoline and small flying fox. No children activities etc . Go the Dynasty if u got kids - wow not that place is awsome. oh watch out for the topless poms around the pool - took staff 4 days to tell them to put tops on as this is a family hotel not a nudist resort!!!  
<Date>Jun 4, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	3	4	5	3	-1	

<Author>AsianItineraries
<Content>excellent value We thought Febri's Hotel was an excellent value 3 star hotel. The rooms are huge, and clean, also with huge bathrooms. Almost full size fridge, so plenty of room thier also.When we arrived, our room was not et avaiable, so we were upgraded to a family room at no extra cost. What great value the family rooms are - sleep 4, for only about AUD$50.Family rooms ar at the back of hotel, so very quiet. However, 3rd floor room was hard work climbing the stairs, with a low roof, if we have been out all day.Pool was great, Elephant statues a little different! I of the sculptures looks like two elephants fornicating! not sure if that is the intention or not!Breakfast was a little disapointing, as they dont make fresh egg choise like most hotels. otherwise OK.Advertise wireless Internet, but found out only available in the Lobby, and at a reasonably high cost  
<Date>May 12, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	3	2	

<Author>mdns
<Content>Very bad acoustics...!! We arrived late and tired in Bali, so it was a nice surprise to see someone from the hotel waiting for us at the airport! We had the Family Room. Nice and big, very clean. All good... until about 3-4AM when our 'neighbors' started to come home probably from bar hopping. We could definitely hear EVERYTHING!! People opening and closing doors, people out in the balcony, eventhough we have all of our windows and doors closed. The hotel had a 'policy' that we could report our noisy neighbors to the hotel management, but at 4AM??? It was quite hard to even pick up the phone, at the same time difficult to go back to sleep. So, I just wish the hotel could've had a better designed, at least some sort of better acoustics...So. If you have good hearing or a light sleeper... make sure bring your ear plugs!!  
<Date>Mar 29, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	3	5	4	4	2	

<Author>bl4ze
<Content>great place - recommended Just spend 3 nights at Febri's with a friend. Excellent location, very nice hotel. The rooms are spacious and come with a nice balcony and also feature a nice big fridge. The bathroom is huuuuge. Spotless, great swimming pool, too.Can only recommend this place!  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Lemmondrop
<Content>Good Hotel ... shame about all the stairs. Great Hotel and lovely clean new looking rooms. Had seen Hotel on previous visit so knew what to expect . Prompt communication with our emails. My main complaint would be probably the breakfast did'nt seem to change much from day to day. Only on the last couple of days were you able to order your eggs tho this appeared to be all you could order. When you look forward to breakfast when on holiday it was not a great start to the day.The only other area was the stairs. We had a room on the 3rd floor and as no lift the stairs were a real chore when you were up and down them so many times in a day. Asked to be moved to the ground floor but this took about 3 days to happen, tho in that time had noticed new tourist getting those rooms in preferancxe to perhaps existing requests.. Maybe not but that's how it looked.!It was great being able to use the pool till late. Spa certainly good value.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	5	5	3	-1	

<Author>ITravelLots2000
<Content>Nice Resort! My husband and I spent 4 nights are the Febris which we booked on a travel site called fabuhotels. We were very impressed with everything about the resort. The rooms were very spacious and clean. The room had a big balcony and a fridge. The pool was also big and very clean. We would see the staff cleaning it every morning. The staff were very friendly and helpful. Since it was our first time in Bali we had lots of questions and they helped us out with everything. Breakfast was included with the room rate and was decent. It was nice to have breakfast waiting each morning without having to go find a place to eat. The only thing we didn't like was the construction that could be heard from our room during the day. I think they're tearing down a building behind the resort so it could get a bit loud at times but we didn't spend much time in our room.Room service was also available and the food was good.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>iamgreat1
<Content>Great place, beach a bit lacking This is a great hotel. The rooms are fab: huge beds, lovely balcony, great aircon (which is vital), the pool is gorgeous- tree lined and lit up at night and the staff are really friendly. It's quiet whihc is good if you're looking for that type of thing and is definitely more families and couples. It also doubles as a Spa and they do great massages.I'd recommend the pick up from the airport as it's pretty mental when you land in Bali.The location is the only slight downside. Your are pretty close to the airport whihc is convenient but isn't apparent as it's so quiet.It's about a 5 min taxi ride from here into Central Kuta (which cost next to nothing) but there are a few bars and restaurants nearby. The beach isn't great here. It's a good 15-20 min walk round to the more golden sands of Kuta or ataxi ride.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	3	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>cuthyjohanna
<Content>Loved Febri's but lack of elevator! We stayed@Febri's on Dec 15 - Dec 20, 2007.First impression when we came to this hotel was it has a poor condition. But, when we entered our room, is suprimo!! The lack of this hotel is only it has no elevator to carry our luggage, especially when u have your room in the top floor...phuuuihh!! It will like u join an aerobic class in gym...hahaha!! But, overall, the hotel was great, but the staff seemed enjoyed to serve foreigners than the local guests...Typical Indonesian !! But, we will go back to Febri's again, soooonnnn!!  
<Date>Dec 29, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	4	5	2	2	3	

<Author>Millylilly
<Content>Great Hotel in Tuban The Febri's Hotel is marvellous value for money. We emailed in advance and they collected us from the airport free of charge.I was looking for my booking information when I was greeted by name and welcomed to the hotel as if I'd been there many times before, it was a lovely personal touch. In fact throughout our stay everytime a member of staff saw you they greeted you by name!Our room was on the ground floor, spacious, with a huge bed and a huge bathroom. Lots of nice touches such as fresh flowers, hairdryer in the room and an umbrella incase of a typical Balinese downpour! Our room also had sattelite tv and a fridge freezer and very efficient airconditioning.The pool area is lovely and the pool was very clean and great for swimming as it's so big. The jacuzzi was being repaired while we were there so it was out of action.This hotel is about 10-15 mins walk into the centre of Kuta, but there are a few nice restaurants nearby, as well as the waterpark and the shopping mall. A cab from the centre of Kuta only cost about 拢1 maximum.We tried to book into the Febri's again at the end of outr stay but it was fully booked, so we stayed at Bali Garden, ehich was $15 US more expensive a night and not as nice. We paid $42 US a night at Febri's including breakfast, which was a great bargain!The Febri's is great for couples and families alike, the staff are really friendly and genuinely happy to help and chat, and the food was lovely (breakfast was the usual fruit, toast and random asian additions such as roast pumpkin and noodles) but we had lunch there a couple of days too, which was faultless.I have stayed in several 4 star hotels that are nowhere near the standard of the Febri's! Stay there, you wont be dissapointed!  
<Date>Dec 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>panglover
<Content>excellent on arrival was taken to my room and was plesently surprised by the standard of rooms for the money i paid.there is an excellant pool and good restuarant there, but if you want a good meal try the GREEN GARDEN the sister hotel across the road, the staff are exceptionally friendly especially Bagus, Merta,Midi,Astra and Kami they will chat and treat you like a good friend and the prices are cheap too.So book the febris its ideal and has a good spa and also if you give them your flight number then they pick up from the airport  
<Date>Dec 10, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Ippo-Sg
<Content>We love Bali  Febri's offer excellent value-for-money.When we stay there, the hotel is still very new  we love the fact that all furniture  bed linen  accessories are all in very good conditions.... We are very pleasantly surprised at the good room conditions!  
<Date>Dec 6, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JohnShaniyo
<Content>Exceptional hotel with great value and friendly service I visit Bali 1 or 2 times a year. This was my first stay at Febris Hotel. My first impression when walked into my room was 鈥渨ow鈥?鈥?the set up, d茅cor, cleanliness of your room is exceptional.Considering my background in working for some of the 5-star resorts in Hawaii and the U.S mainland, I find this hotel so commendable for its value and attentive service level.I want to especially thank the restaurant and reception staff. Addressing me by my first name made me feel like I was already a returning guest! The food was awesome and the service was prompt. I would definitely return to the Febris in the near future. Cannot wait!!!  
<Date>Nov 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>2shooze
<Content>Great value and location to shops  We loved the location it was close to Waterbom Park, Discovery Shopping Mall (only 10 mins walk) and a great choice of restaurants nearby.The family rooms very spacious, clean and modern.We had the pool to ourselves most days and the wait staff and house keeping was excellent. Our favourite waiters were Made and Putau who were lots of fun and always very courteous.The food was not the best but breakfast was filling and there was always a good choice.The hotel was very busy towards the end due to a long weekend but apart from the some of the guests parking their cars in odd places as well as their washing it was ok. It did make the roads exceptionally busy and getting transport in that period very slow!Recommend the Febris for families who have don't have very young kids and don't need a kids club.Spa was fabulous, great value and the most lovely girls.We will definitely be back next year if possible!  
<Date>Nov 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	5	3	

<Author>ooze
<Content>Wonderful Hotel, Excellent Staff We 4 singles stayed there for 4 days, 3 nights.The hotel staff were very very friendly and helpful. Prepared airport transfer for us foc and replied our email very promply on our rooms (wanted 2 twin bed rooms).The Febris is a very new spick and span hotel with excellent service.Because it's new, the rooms and bathrooms were in great condition. No musty old dingy smells. Plenty of light in the room. They even had a small couch next to the window looking out to the balcony. TV came with lots of channels like CNN, CCTV, Bloomberg, Cartoon Network, Channel E etc. The bathroom came with the basic shampoo and body gel, clean towels and was very spacious. Rooms were cleaned every day and fresh towels were provided. We stayed in the Superior Room.We stayed on the 2nd floor with a balcony overlooking the pool. Oh you have to climb stairs as there isn't any elevators. But the stairs are nice and new! The pool is simple with deck chairs around it. Was very cooling as the breeze kept on blowing to the point of it being chilly.Breakfast is simple but filling enough. The food there ordered off the menu is very scrumptious. Must try the pork satay in Bali. The western food and pasta was good particularly the pizza. The room service also is fabulous. They were willing to customize the pizza toppings and the prices were cheap. Eating at Febris is cheap with good food.The spa prices were cheap and service was good. Prices range from USD25 above for simple massages to facials and stone massages, pedicures and manicures etc.After checking out on our last day, our flight back was at night but the staff let us put our luggage in storage without charge. We lounged by the pool and some of us went to the spa for massages. They even provided us complimentary pool towels so we were able to swim and later take a shower before going off to the airport.Walking to Kuta took around 15-20mins. Walking to Discovery was half that time. But there were some shops around Febris to buy small items and groceries too. The taxis fare to Kuta Art Centre and Kuta Square costs around 5000 to 6000 Rupiah (depending on traffic) so it's quite cheap if you don't want to walk. We found a good way to cut walking time and made it more enjoyable to walk back from Kuta... walk from Kuta beach (entrances to the beach are all along near Hard Rock Hotel) all the way to Discovery Mall and exit there. Then walk back to Febris. Discovery Mall even had Krispy Kreme donuts!This hotel is good for budget travellers who want to have a good clean place to stay with good food and excellent staff.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>SomersetFlashpacker
<Content>Loved the Febris We originally stayed at the Green Garden (also excellent and the Febris' partner hotel opposite) but had used the Febris pool and spa during our first stay in Kuta so decided to book a room here when we returned to Kuta after travelling elswhere in Bali.The rooms are excellent value - clean, modern and beautifully furnished. The pool area is good and the restaurant excellent - great buffet breakfast included in the rates. Then there is the spa - WOW!!! Amazing value with a traditional facial (which includes massage) for 100,000 (about 6GBP!) lasting an hour and a half. I made several trps to the spa and was not disappointed once with the service and the treatments - it really was heaven!This hotel and the Green Garden can be booked through Expedia which is where we first made our booking but the rates direct form the hotel are just as good/slightly better so worth trying them first.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	4	4	3	

<Author>thelinks58
<Content>Love the Febri's Me hubby and two girls (11 and 13) stayed 3rd August to 12th August. We originally booked a family room but changed to two interconnecting for the extra bathroom and toilet. The rooms are excellent and wonderfully clean with the sheets and towels being changed, and the room cleaned daily. Room sizes are excellent with your own private balcony.Restaurant is exceptional for selection and price and we noted the number of people eating there regularly, who were from different hotels. Everyone we spoke to said how they thought the food and the prices were the best value around. Other reviews have commented that the breakfast could be better but i guess this depends on what you expect or are used to . I am a toast and jam girl but hubby went the full breaky Omelette, Pancakes etc. Girls were happy with toast, fuit and juice. My cousin taught the restaurant staff what a traditional iced coffee should be (her version) and they were as happy as she was when it became the perfect one.Pool is great but the weather was not the best so the girls only swam a couple of times. Love the fountain in the middle and the elephant statues. A great place to read a book even if not swimming.The staff, now what can i say that can justify the excellent service they provide. They were all wonderful. The management of Febris should be very proud of the way the staff take the time to get to know the customers and they really are a wonderful asset to this hotel. Nothing is too much trouble and they all go out of their way to help. They dont seem to need be told what to do, they just do it. No one will walk past with out a hello, good morning, or how are you and they are not scared to share a joke or two. They are excellent with kids and really helped with my 11 y/o fussy eater.We travelled with my cousin and her hubby, who were staying 5 star at Ramada Bintang. After spending time with us at our hotel, they have decided that they will not be returning 5 star, but they will be staying with us at the Febris. We are planning to return August 08 and will be hopefully be bringing another 2 families along.This hotel is 3 star but it definitely has 5 star class and attitude. Thank you to the Febris for making our stay so wonderful.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>W0pper
<Content>Had a wonderfull time!       The pool is open until 22:00.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Kjoc
<Content>Fabulous Febri's       Bed with flowers  
<Date>Jun 19, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>AlexMcca
<Content>Good value for money but nothing great I booked Green Garden Hotel based on reviews but upon check in I was told that it was full house and was transferred by the hotel chaffeaur to Febris which is few minutes away. Febris actually looked better than Green Garden. Reception was a bit unfriendly but it was not a major problem. The room was clean and spacious. It was a delight to sit outside in the balcony having a cold drink and lay on the wooden chair.For the price I pay, this hotel is of good value. Aircon works fine, the bed and sheets are clean and very comfy. TV chanels are excellent and there were several times I just stayed in to watch TV as it was scorching hot outside.Breakfast is not that good. Limited selection even for a 2-3 star hotel and the food is rarely tasty. However, I suspect Balinese food is not for my taste. Similar names with the Malaysia food like nasi goreng, mee goreng and sambal taste rather awful in many Balinese warungs I had tried during a week stay.Anyway, the neighbourhood is quiet and you have to walk about 5 minutes before you can go to decent shops and restaurants.I would not stay in Tuban/Kuta area again if I return to Bali but would choose Legian/Seminyak or Ubud which I love.  
<Date>May 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	2	3	-1	

<Author>WestAustralian
<Content>A week at Febris My wife, daughter and myself recently stayed at the Febris Hotel in Tuban (May 2007). On previous trips to Bali we have stayed at 5 star hotels and dined at Febris many times.We decided to stay at Febris for a week and what a fantastic place to stay.The rooms are great, serviced every day, immaculately cleaned and all the fixtures are new including the beds which are very comfortable.As for the restaurant you will not find a better place to eat, there is plenty of variety and very reasonably priced.The pool area is good, plenty of shaded areas or full sun areas depending what you want.My wife highly reccommends the massages and manicures etc and all the staff are very nice and friendly.The owner is always around the hotel and more than happy to have a chat or sort out a problem.The location of Febris is in walking distance to all the shops like Centro and Water Bomb Park and for a hotel on the the main street it is very quite, no traffic noise at all.Overall for a 3 star hotel Febris is a fantastic place to stay, the only downside is the kids club which is very small (one room) with some play equipment and not supervised by the hotel staff.But the hotel were more than happy to organise a baby sitter at 30000 rup per hour (about $2.50 aud) which overcame the kids club problem. Overall 10/10  
<Date>May 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>fadzliana
<Content>We'll be back for more..       In the room  
<Date>May 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	3	4	3	

<Author>karenkaz
<Content>nice hotel shame about the neighbours   showReview(5787243, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 10, 2006
<Rating>3	2	4	3	5	4	4	3	

<Author>SharkRescue
<Content>Brilliant   showReview(5622394, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Hotel with great staff   showReview(5461054, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Dromomaniac
<Content>Great value hotel   showReview(5419143, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>cadallaca
<Content>average standard   showReview(5343328, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 14, 2006
<Rating>3	5	3	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>ricardoHK
<Content>Great value, perfect location   showReview(5227958, 'full');   
<Date>May 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Hereandtherelife
<Content>Enjoyed the Febri   showReview(5143544, 'full');   
<Date>May 16, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Newest hotel in Kuta   showReview(5065846, 'full');   
<Date>May 13, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>2搴︽硦銇俱倞銇俱仐銇?#x201d;   showReview(20348519, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

