<Author>debrakpage
<Content>Great hotel great location I stayed at this hotel for 6 nights as a single traveller and can recommend it. My room was massive with two double beds, lovely bathroom, tv, safe, fridge etc. It was very clean and cleaned daily with new towels and toilettires left everyday. The free internet was briliiant. The pool is lovely and was always quiet, the gym is smll but has everything you need. Breakfast was not majorley exciting but more than adequate, bagels, fruit, yoghurts, cereal and a small selection of different hot stuff each day. The hotel is close to hollywood boulevard and hollywood and highland centre with plenty of places to shop and eat are withing 5 mins walking distance. it is also near the main pick up for many many tours around LA, although they will pick you up at your hotel.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2009
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>V.V.Happy
<Content>Great Hotel We stayed here for a couple of days before driving up to Las Vegas - and we loved it!!!!The room we had was on the fourth floor looking out the fron. We had requested a Hollywood sign view room if possible but where we were in the right direction there was a building in the way but there isn't anything the hotel themselves can do about that.The whole hotel was clean, welcoming and the room was huge. The breakfast room was great and they will even do you a breakfast box if that would be better, the woman there really couldn't do enough. The Walk of Fame, Kodak Theatre and Chinese Theatre are less than 5 minustes walk away and are great places to visit.One thing to watch out for is the payment side. We had paid it fully in advance as far as we were concerned (how we got a cheaper rate) but when we got there they said we had only paid for 1 night and that the other night would be charged when we left and we had to call the credit card company to try and figure it out. Was a bit confusing but worked out in the end. The rection staff we more than helpful though and gave us directions and maps without any trouble and were genuinely nice about it.Would definately stay here again!!  
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>littlepatty
<Content>Great Hotel!! My hats off to the wonderful staff at this hotel!! We had a wonderful stay. I wish we had stayed our entire trip at your establishment but alas we are California vacation ametuers and booked another hotel closer to Disneyland for the other half of our stay---what a let down after staying here! Staff was wonderful, friendly, and very informative. The breakfast was a nice surprise each morning---not the same 'ol lame 'ol every morning. Rooms are clean and plenty of room. Starbucks across the street and we felt safe with our small children walking in and all around the hotel and attractions nearby. Everyone complains about the parking but hey, check out New York and what they charge to park your rental car!!! We will for sure stay here our next trip to Hollywood!!  
<Date>Dec 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bluelobster1
<Content>Better than I expected! I am always disappointed with Hotels in city centres/close to attractions but not this time. We had had a long flight and a painful drive from LA airport (LA is a nightmare to drive around) and found the hotel clean, modern and the staff very helpful. the rooms were very nice with big flat TV and Tea/Coffee and a comfortable bed. Only thing i will say is that were awoken by what sounded like music playing or a loud Tv at about 4am. Other than that it was what we needed and central to the walk of fame/bus tour pick up etc. Gutted i forgotten the ladys name on reception who located me to where i could by a british travel plug adapter so i could use my hair straighteners. She was very helpful.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Canadian04
<Content>Very Helpful!!! Previous to our stay at this hotel, we reseached for hours and hours to find just the right combination of good location, safety and not too pricy. Plus being a group of late twenties, we wanted to be near all the action! This place was very close to the Hollywood walk of fame and close to loads of great stores too. Across the street was a perfect combination of Starbucks, beer/liqour and snacks, quite convient. The staff were extra helpful in our planning to arrange getting taxis for a day in Santa Monica and getting to several other places. That alone was priceless. The hotel itself was nice and pretty modern, could def use new carpets thou. But the breakfast was incredible. Very hot and fresh and being a heath inspector, I was very pleased with the general sanitation and overall food safety practices. The staff were generally very friendly, except not so much with the night staff, but the day staff were always smiling, it was great to see. I would stay here again for sure.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	4	4	4	

<Author>Italian1978
<Content>Great hotel and Anthony is hot :) The hotel is beautiful and the weather was great!I was wondering where I was going to stay and leery on which place to choose (being from the East Coast, we are all leery and question EVERYTHING).Best value in Hollywood, however, extremely dissapointed in the parking fees. Corey, can you ever wave that fee? Geesh.Also, if Anthony is a 'friend of Dorothy' or is Family, I'd date him in a minute!:)Thanks again!  
<Date>Nov 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	-1	5	5	-1	

<Author>misshappygolucky
<Content>Fantastic Location, Outstanding Staff, Great Room My 14 year old son and I were in town to see The Who at the Nokia Theatre and stayed here from November 5-10th based on the positive reviews posted on this site - let me tell you we were NOT disappointed by our choice!! The location couldn't be better -a short 5 minute walk down Highland and you're at the Kodak Theatre, Chinese Theatre, Jimmy Kimmel's nighttime home, The Metro subway train, which we used to take us to the Nokia theatre on Sunday night , we were at the theatre within a half hour and only a $1.25 for each of us - Note: it takes two trains to get there. L.A. Tours is also just up from the corner and we booked our 5 1/2 tour thru them which took us around Hollywood, out to Venice Beach/Santa Monica and the Stars homes along Mulholland Drive/Bel Air. Great little supermarket AND a Starbucks across the street from the hotel - always felt very safe. Van Morrison was doing a two nighter at the Hollywood Bowl which is practically next door to this hotel as well. They made arrangements for us to do a Paramount Studios Tour and due to an error on the part of the clerk, we didn't get to go but they accommodated my son and I by booking us the Warner Bros Tour instead and it was FABULOUS!! Also, arranged the cab, which cost us about $15 each way. The room was so comfy and cozy - we were on the 5th floor and didn't hear anything from other rooms - The breakfast was great and such a bonus that it's included with your stay. We filled up on that and started our day! Great outdoor pool and never had an issue with waiting to use the computer in the Business Centre. Yes, you have to take a different elevator if you're staying higher than the 5th floor but seriously folks, in the big picture that should'nt stop you from staying here!!If I'm ever back in L.A. which I will be as I'm a huge fan now of the Nokia Theatre for seeing big name acts in smaller venues - I will always stay there.Thanks again!!  
<Date>Nov 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tracys2cents
<Content>Newer hotel, no street parking! Please note that parking at this hotel is $25 per day which is pretty high for mid-range hotels in the area!  
<Date>Nov 12, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	3	3	3	

<Author>smessie1
<Content>Nice new hotel, great location The hotel was brand new and very nice. The room was a good size, the bathroom was really nice  there is cable. Also there is free internet  the breakfast was free and it was very nice. The staff were helpful and it was only a 2 minute walk down the road to the Walk of Fame and a 5 minute drive to Universal Studios. The only let down was the parking was very expensive at $20 a day.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Gruff_uk
<Content>Great hotel, problems with payment though Nice hotel for the price and well located for Hollywood, although you quickly realise that LA is a car city and end up getting the car out of parking to get about anyway!The breakfast was good, as mentioned before it does end early, so you may have to drag yourself up to get it. Although I can understand that many people may use this as a business hotel (and so are up with the larks), the vast majority I am guessing are tourists. We are on holiday / vacation, people - we deserve at least a bit of a lie-in!My only real problem, like some others have found, was with the payment. Having got the Advance rate back in August I expected to have my card charged almost straight away (as per their TCs) - however it never happened (I even decided to ring direct to confirm as I thought there may be an issue with my credit card - although other hotels had gone through fine - something to do with their systems). I ended up paying at the end of our stay. No problem really I know - apart from the pound / dollar had changed since booking so I ended up paying considerably more in my home currency!Only a slight issue, but if you are informed of, and decide to enter into an agreement that you will be paying at the time of booking with the penalty for cancelling as losing it all, then I would expect them to at least honour their side of the agreement too and take the payment instantly.That aside, which I will not count against the property for review purposes, I would recommend this hotel - it's new, the rooms are well-atired, staff are good, brekkie comes in the price, and it is well located.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>AndysGranny
<Content>Great Location We spent three nights here on a recent trip to LA. This hotel is ideally located for sightseeing. It's walking distance to Kodak Theater, Grauman's Chinese Theater, Walk of Fame. The hotel was brand new and very nicely decorated. Our room was clean, spacious and very comfortable. Every member of the staff we interacted with was friendly and very helpful. We liked having the convenience of the business center so we could check our emails. The complimentary breakfast was adequate, though lacking in fresh fruit options. Overall, a very positive experience. We would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Gengar
<Content>Nice hotel, some minor issues I was travelling with a friend and we stayed at this hotel during a recent trip to the LA. We found it quite a pleasant stay, though there were a few small issues.The hotel is conveniently located near Hollywood Blvd, the Kodak Theater and Grauman's Chinese theater. Universal Studios is also within easy travelling distance by public transport or taxi. There is also a small group of shops across the street (the pizza place is great!)Upon arrival (on a Friday afternoon) we were unable to check in as we had arrived several hours early. They were happy to look after our luggage while we went and explored the area. We came back a little before check in time (3pm) and sat in the lobby for a while until a room became available. While we were there, some kind of building inspector arrived and from what I could gather, needed to ensure that the hotel was within regulation (something about ceiling height).By the time 3pm came around a room was available and checking in was a breeze.We were allocated a room on the 6th floor but be aware that the elevators only go up to the 5th floor, at which time you need to go around to another set of lifts to get to the higher floors. Unfortunately, the second set of lifts were not working at the time so we went back down to reception and they had to open up the staircase to we could get our suitcases to our room. The elevators were fixed by the time we decided to go back downstairs (about an hour later).The room itself was really nice, clean, modern and comfortable. The complimentary wireless internet service was good, though it did slow and drop out from time to time but comparatively speaking it was better than the last hotel we stayed at.A buffet breakfast was included with our stay and it was delicious! But you have to get up relatively early - breakfast closes at 9 so if you sleep in you'll miss out.During my stay in LA I lost my credit card, so I immediately cancelled it thinking that the hotel had already charged it. I booked the room through the Holiday Inn Express official website www.hiexpress.com and upon booking it says specifically:Reservations require full payment for the entire stay at the time of booking. Fully non refundable. Prepayment is charged to credit card between time of booking and day of arrival and is non refundable.As my card was lost AFTER my day of arrival I assumed it had already been charged and I promptly cancelled it. Upon checking out, I found that this was not the case, despite the official website's statement (which was also repeated in the confirmation e-mail). We ended up paying for the stay in cash which significantly depleted our funds for casual spending.Overall it was a good stay. The staff at the hotel were The hotel staff were polite and friendly at all times. Despite the issues we experienced I would possibly stay there again if I were travelling on the same budget, although if I had more money to spend on accomodation I might try the Renaissance Hotel down the street.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	5	5	4	3	

<Author>LagunaGrrl
<Content>Convenient, solid, would stay again A good, solid, basic HI Express hotel right in the heart of Hollywood. I grew up in LA, but now live in a neighboring county. Had to get a room for a wedding in Hollywood and this property was available in what I knew was a relatively safe location and was at a reasonable price (direct from HI website).Location: First off, Hollywood itself isn't a real nice place to stay - it's sketchy in several areas and not necessarily what many out-of-towners might picture. This hotel is on a main street, walking distance to Hollywood Blvd and in a safer part of Hollywood than many other hotels.Room: Very clean, still had a 'newly built' smell and feel to it, which was nice. Bathroom was well-sized, lots of hot water and great pressure. Yes, the air conditioning unit is noticeably noisy - I got used to the sound and didn't hear it within minutes, but if you get bothered by this sort of thing it's something to note.Breakfast: Nice, sunny room with plenty of well-stocked items. The service lady who managed the area did a great job of keeping it clean and prepped. We were able to find seating without issue.Staff: Yeah, the check-in person was aloof (a young guy, obviously not viewing this as a big career break or anything), but every single other person we encountered was polite, helpful and smiling. (I especially want to note the cleaning crew, who took the time to acknowledge us with a pleasant and sincere 'hello' or 'good morning' each time we passed.)Parking: $20 for in-out space, with $2 city tax = $22. I don't see the point in this. I think guests should get to park for free. But, it is LA and free parking isn't typical. Though, that'd be a nice touch.Pluses: There's a little market across the street that was well-stocked, lots of wine, chips, etc. Very convenient. Hotel is near freeways, so central to getting around. Walkable to Hollywood Blvd, if that's important to you.Minuses: Parking fee. But that's really about it.One last note: If street noise will bother you, be sure to ask for a room toward the back. We didn't ask for it, but got #442 which was tucked in the back with a nice view of Hollywood Blvd's buildings. We couldn't hear the traffic. But the street the hotel is on is a *main* street, constantly busy - so consider this when checking in.All in all, I'd stay here again easily and can recommend it to families with kids, tourists of any age or anyone looking for a place to stay when coming up for an event at the Bowl (which is literally walking distance from the hotel).  
<Date>Oct 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	2	5	-1	

<Author>Trippist
<Content>Gem Of A Find ! I spent 2 nights at this hotel with my wife and son during our USA holiday. From what I know most people stay in Hollywood, Santa Monica, or Anaheim area, and initially I had wanted to stay at the Holiday Inn next to Santa Monica Pier, but read from many reviews that it's noisy because it's next to a freeway. I got this hotel recommendation from answers.yahoo.com. The best thing that this hotel is that it's refurnished/opened only around middle of this year, so everything is new. The reception is not big, but has a contemporary look. The front desk folks are helpful and friendly. I asked for a high-floor room, and got the 8th floor (the highest). The room is surprisingly big and has got a plasma TV. Breakfast is complimentary and is substantial - cereal, fresh milk, cinnamon rolls, toast, jam, butter, banana, coffee, team, juice, scrambled eggs, etc...great for preparing for an onslaught of LA in the morning ! Interent in room is both wireless (signal weak) and wired (sufficient bandwidth). The hotel is located very centrally, taking about 10 min to walk to Hollywood Boulevard where all the action is. For about USD 150 per night, this is good value. Note that many US hotels charge separately for parking, and this is no different - I had to fork out $20 per night.There's also a good grocery store, pizza place, and Subway just across the street. Further down towards Hollywood Boulevard is the high-class Renaissance Hotel, which costs probably twice as much.On the downside....the pillows too small and flabby for my liking. Ironically the less flabby ones have the word Firm imprinted on them, while the more flabby ones show the word Soft. Definitely not the best pillows I've experienced. Also, to reach the 8th floor, ones has to take an elevator to the 5th floor first, then change to another elevator. A slight hassle but no big deal.All in all, a very nice hotel that is centrally located and reasonably priced. Will recommend to friends.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>evolzam
<Content>fabulous hotel and location We had such a great stay at this hotel. From check in, the staff was great ( Especially Anthony -front desk and marieta-dining room). Very friendly staff,courteous and helpful.Its a VERY clean hotel with beautiful rooms, nice and quiet too. They have a great pool, internet access, a gym, and free breakfast...the selection was actually pretty good..coffee,tea,juice,bacon,,cinnamon buns,biscuits,yogurt,eggs,toast,bagels,cereals,etc.It was a perfect start to the day. The hotel is central to everything..buses,subway,restaurants,shopping. Its in a very safe area of the city too. I highly recommend this hotel  
<Date>Oct 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Louisa_P
<Content>Great location My husband and I stayed at this hotel in July and found it to be an ideal location for exploring Hollywood and Los Angeles. I have just read a review about unhelpful staff and wish to say that our experience was just the opposite. We too found ourselves in a room facing the wall of the swimming pool. I could not sleep and felt very uncomfortable in this room . On the second morning we asked to be moved. The staff could not have been more understanding and helpful. We were able to move immediately. Having said this I could not have stayed another night in this basement room. It should be made clear when booking that the rooms are inferior but the staff are not to blame. By the sound of it this is probably common occurance! Breakfast was a plaesant experience with the food continually being freshly topped up by a lovely lady who seamed to be running it on her own. All in all out stay here was very good and we would definately return just making sure we dont have a pool wall view!!!!  
<Date>Oct 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	2	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>4vals
<Content>Wonderful Service and Clean Hotel We were greeted by the most friendly valet to start with. Then a very nice front desk person checked us in. We went up to our room and we never heard anyone else in the hallway or anywhere it was like we had the hotel to ourselves. The hotel has been recently remodeled in fact it smelt new. The beds were so comfortable and the decor was warm and inviting. There is a $25 parking fee per day meaning you need to check out by check-out time so you won't have to pay for 2 days of parking. This will be the hotel we stay at next time we head down to Hollywood. We went down to see a Disney show at the El Capitan theater and the hotel was very close like 2 blocks away.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Debster60
<Content>Great hotel Stayed in L.A on 3 occasions in the last couple of weeks and for the second and third occasion we stayed at this hotel. We really enjoyed our stay. The hotel was only opened on 25 May this year and so has the advantage of still being clean and new. The inclusive continental breakfast is a plus. There is parking (an additional charge of $20 per day) but when the hotel is busy there aren't really enough spaces also the ramp to the second floor is very steep.The location is great as it is only a short walk to the shopping centre at Hollywood and Highland and Hollywood Boulevard. The only minor problem was that on the nights that there is a concert at Hollywood Bowl (really close by) the traffic was bad if you were trying to go out or come back at that time.Overall I would highly reccomend this hotel.  
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>MarigoldToronto
<Content>great location!! Great location - walking distance to the Hollywood walk of fame, Kodak Centre and many sites.Very close taxi ride to the Warner Brothers StudiosWould definitely stay again.Very clean. Great breakfast room.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>onewanderer
<Content>Bad Experience This hotel was a bad experience from the start. My husband and I booked this hotel for 2 nights to go to a show up at the Hollywood Bowl. We booked this hotel because it seemed fairly new and primarily because it was walkable to the Bowl.At check in, the front desk person asked if we were there for the show. When we said yes, our response was met with frowns and groans because they were dreading the amount of people coming in for the show.We got into our room on the 3rd floor. The room itself was fine as far as hotel rooms go 鈥?large bed, clean, decent room. However, the one window we had faced a very close wall that went up to the pool area, making it a very dark room. We had checked in but since it was still early, we thought we might ask if there was a front facing room available just for some light and a view outside. We went to ask and there were 3 people at the front desk - 2 of them were chatting to each other and so I went to the one that was free. When I asked, as nicely as I could prefacing my request by telling him I understood if it wasn鈥檛 possible but that I thought I鈥檇 check just in case it was, the other 2 who were chatting stopped to listen and rolled their eyes and whispered and made faces at each other 鈥?very unprofessional. One of them interjected and told me that there were absolutely no front facing rooms and that 鈥榳hat did it matter because I would be at the show all night and I wouldn鈥檛 remember the room anyway.鈥?Well, unfortunately I do remember the room and I also remember their attitudes.As far as sleeping in the room, the air conditioner is noisy and even after we turned ours off, I don鈥檛 know if it was other people鈥檚 ac鈥檚 that we could hear or it was because we were next to the pool that we could hear a constant sort of low rumble. Also, the pillowcases are scratchy and rough.FYI, the levels of this hotel are 2nd floor parking, 3rd floor rooms, 4th floor breakfast area. A very bad layout as we found out as by 6-6:30 am, we were woken by chairs scraping and people鈥檚 footsteps back and forth across the floor directly above us from the breakfast area. This continued, obviously getting worse as more people went up for breakfast. Using earplugs, we tried to continue to sleep a bit more, but then had housekeeping knocking on our door about 8 鈥?8:30! (If you like to sleep a little later, I would suggest putting the 鈥榙o not disturb鈥?sign on your door before bed.)Due to lack of sleep, I decided to try and take a nap a little later after breakfast only to have what I assume was the person cleaning the breakfast room scraping the chairs very, very loudly and constantly back and forth and back and forth for about an hour and a half. It could have been longer, I gave up on trying to nap and got up and left.The next night was more of the same.The topper for me was the price. This hotel is not cheap. You鈥檇 think it was from the experience however. I did not appreciate paying the price I paid for the level of service, the room location, etc. I know hotels in this area are not cheap and I would have happily paid a lot more for a courteous staff and a quiet room. Or I could have gone completely the other way and just stayed in a cheap and noisy hostel if I had known what I was in for. The price here just added insult to injury.All in all, a very bad experience. The hotel has a really bad layout and it鈥檚 far too expensive for these kinds of rooms and unprofessional staff. I鈥檓 giving it 2 stars because the rooms all by themselves are decent and clean (not taking into account looking out at a wall), it鈥檚 just unfortunate that they鈥檙e in this hotel.I was very sorry I stayed here and will never again!Pros: Walking distance to Hollywood Bowl, good size roomsCons: Unprofessional staff, bad layout, noisy noisy noisy, far too expensive for what you do and don鈥檛 get  
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>2	1	3	5	5	1	2	-1	

<Author>atfreihoefer
<Content>A Nice Surprise My wife and I stayed at the Holiday Inn Express on Highland Blvd due to its proximity to the Hollywood Bowl (it is walking distance to the concert venue). We were unsure if we were paying for the hotel or the location to the walk of fame, hollywood bowl, etc. We were suprised to find a hotel that had great staff and great admentities. The room was excellent with a soft, comfortable bed and large flat screen TV. Overall, we were happy we stayed on this property and would glady do so again.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>Beachkidboy
<Content>Wonderful hotel for not only quality and location, but price I stayed here, under name alone two years ago, since then they moved next door and are just as good. I came here for an automotive event I worked on Hollywood Blvd which was hdqrtd at the nearby Rossevelt. This is the best hotel I have found which is equally within easy walking distance of the Hollywood Bowl, and the Hlooywood Blvd Strip (Grauman's Chinese Theatre, Hollywood/Highland complex including the Kodak Theatre, Jimmy Kimmel, etc...) After arriving I had a room with two queen beds, cheaper than a single king, and after asking if I was there alone, they instantly upgraded me to a king room on an upper floor. While they don't have a restaurant, they do offer a complimentary full breakfast each morning. For other meals there is every type of eatery either across the street or down the block. They also offer a refrigerator for anything you bring with you or bring back. There are all of the ammenities you would expect from this level. They offer free internet, printing, a pool, and exercise room. While some of these have a listed closing time they seemed to go much later. It is not a 'party' hotel, mainly tourists so even later in the night it does not get wild and noisy. Very friendly front desk guy who worked afternoons when I was there, we talked a bit and I even ran into him on the street a couple times as we both were coming or going. There is a small 'convienence' store for items you might want.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>ALLY76
<Content>Excellent Location My husband and I stayed at this hotel in late May of this year and I have to say I was QUITE impressed. The rooms were very nice, very clean. The breakfast was great, any chance to save a few bucks when staying in L.A. The fitness center was small, but everything was brand new. The pool area is also quite small, but we didn't go to L.A. to sit by the pool. It was within easy walking distance to the corner of Hollywood and Highland - the heart of the tourist area. There is a Subway and a grocery store right across the street if you want to get a quick bite to eat or get some bottled water to keep in your room. I would DEFINITELY stay at this hotel again!  
<Date>Aug 22, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	3	5	5	

<Author>Y0ungIrishC0uple
<Content>Nothing to write home about Was happy to get back to the land of the modern living after being in Fiji but was disappointed by the hotel in general. Check in took ages, hotel decor was dull and drab, our room stank of cigarettes. Breakfast was average. We would stay here again if we were stuck but it definitely wouldnt set your world on alight.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	5	1	2	2	-1	

<Author>windycrabs
<Content>Excellent location. excellent hotel! I was surprised to find that this was a brand new hotel, it was excellent, the location was fantastic, better than I had been able to gauge from the website and only a couple of blocks safe walk from Hollywood Boulevard, walk of fame, shops and restaurants to suit all budgets and the metro station for easy access to downtown and more especially Universal studios only one stop way. Car parking on site was easy. Good guest facilities, comfortable beds, flat screen tvs, fridge, coffee making, guest laundry, pool, papers etc. and a little snack shop the foyer. Staff always smily and helpful, complimentray breakfast was adequate to start the day.It was a great base to explore Hollywood from, easy to get in and out of even by car.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>JJStar
<Content>Awful Customer Service with Management I stayed at the Holiday Inn Express in Hollywood with my family.I am a government employee so i booked a government rate. When I tried to check it, my government ID was in question by the Manager Corey B. who was by far the most unprofessional hotel manager I have ever encountered.He Apporached the front dest in jeans, flipflops and a hat.He had thee worst attitude about the situtation! He could have been more polite about the whole things but instead kick me and my family out of the hotel and even went as far as to call my job and complain about me to my supervisor.I has extremly upset about the mesures this individual went through to ensure that my visit in hollywood was ruined.I will do not recommend anyone stay at this hotel!  
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	5	3	1	1	1	

<Author>ilovehotels58
<Content>Very nice Hotel!       Hollywood from Hotel  
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>cambridgemgr
<Content>Great New hotel  This hotel was VERY nice; VERY Clean,  brand new.Rooms were very good in size; Bonus is that it comes w/ a breakfast; not huge gourmet; but some hot  cold items. Hotel was only about 3-4 walking blocks to the Hall of Fame, on the main strip of Hollywood Blvd. Also, only a few blocks walk to the Hollywood Bowl. From hotel to both areas this is a Safe area to walk. Close to entertainment, shopping  food/restaurants.Reasonable hotel pricing for its location,  hotel quality!Would recommend it;  would return here when back in the area.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

