<Author>drdough
<Content>last stop in Bali what an experience Amankila was our last stay on a 10 day trip to Bali. We spent 3 nights in room #37 and were absolutely blown away by the grounds, room, and especially the service. We had 6 excursions including 2 spa spa treatments. The drivers were great! Service gracious, personable. Pool area -both of them unbelievaby beautiful. On the Beach the Bales were a great place to relax and have lunch. We were celebrating our 20th and they arranged a special blessing at the temple on site. I went to the local market and bought some black rice, red rice, spices etc. When I got back to the hotel my driver asked if I would like them brought to the kitchen to be put in better bags, They came back cryrovact. They packed all of our sourveniors for travel and when they brought us to the airport we were met by 4 guys who whisked us through customs, checkin and brought us all the way to the Singapore Air lounge. What a great end to a great trip. Check out Kayumanis Ubud and the Samaya in Seminyak to round out the perfect trip  
<Date>Oct 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sawpagi
<Content>Perfection....worth every penny Went here for honeymoon in October for 5 nights. The place is stunning in the best area of Bali (Karangasem) which is untouched by tourism unline places like Nusa Dua and Kuta. The villas are beautiful (authentic and very comfortable). We were upgraded to the Indrakila suite which is the 2nd best suite even though we only booked the most basic room. The beach is black sand but that was not a problem at all as we spnt most of our time by the amazing infinity pool on one of the bales or in the pool....staff are on hand to do everything for you like lay your towel down or bring you a drink. you don't even have to ask...1 of the best things about the hotel is the activities that they offer (we did snorkelling and one of the rice field treks which were brilliant). The beach dinner is nice but was a little overpriced I felt. My wife does not eat egg so the restaurant prepared a special menu just for her with 12 items on it !! she was ecstatic. overall, an amazing place. the setting is v. beautiful, service is unbelievable (has to be experienced to be believed) and food is great too.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LondonAsiaphile
<Content>Great hotel, restaurant needs attention... We had a truly wonderful ten days at Amankila in September. We had booked a pool villa and I agree with the previous reviewer - it is really worth the extra cash as it is the perfect place to relax. Lovely views and a pool you can actually swim in (rather than paddle). The staff are extraordinary - superb service without being intrusive or formal.I do agree with other reviews about the restaurant - average and overpriced. However, we let the manager know we weren't happy with it, and as a result, nothing - but nothing - was too much effort after that to make sure we could eat - to the extent of the guys even knowing who liked their noodles with extra chilli, and who didn't. We also did the cooking course, and the meal we had at the end of a fantastic morning, which included a trip to market and to see palm sugar being made, was a really memorable experience, complete with Balinese setting and private dining. So if you want something completely sanitised and perfect, head for Four Seasons. If you want to feel like you're a welcome friend, head for Amankila, but don't be afraid to ask for what you want on the food front.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2008
<Rating>4	2	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>DRKR
<Content>Location., location ... Like many Amanhotels (e g Amanpuri) the Amankila is living from location and location and location. Very impressive setting, timeless-styled-villas (will be en vogue still in 20 years), excellent service and style. If you like the Aman-way, you will love it, nothing to add. If you are more design-orientated, it can be hard to become friend with the massive concrete-buildings, making it looking like a castle on the hill.The beach (black+white =grey sand) is small, but private, has lovely bal茅s and great waves (swimming is no problem, also with kids). There is also a beach club with a pool and restaurant , all in a beautiful coconut-grove and with plenty nice details. Be sure to book a pool-villa, it is worth the extra money, because they have a much bigger terrace and better views (we saw garden-villas where you see only the green in front of the window). Gym is actually placed in a villa, but they are building a new one. The only reason for cutting one star are the restaurants. Like in many Amans, the food is very good, but nothing really special. But the downside are the chairs. Very poor sitting, not comfortable at all. And the service is confused by times and breakfast is very very slow. These parts need to be supervised better. All the rest is faboulos and it is a great pleasure to stay in this classy resort.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>bunders100
<Content>serious luxury Stayed here for first 3 nights of our honeymoon and couldn't have had a better time. From the moment we arrived everything was perfect. The hotel is truly beautiful and we felt relaxed as soon as we got there. The staff are really friendly and helpful, especially Tracy the manager who greeted us personally. Everyone knows your name and nothing seemed to be too much trouble. You never have to sign for anything because everyone knows your name.But it's the little touches that makes this a great hotel. We had an ocean view villa which was stunning, very secluded, amazing views and really romantic. I can't fault anything about the amankila. It's not cheap, but definitely money well spent if you want beautiful, relaxed luxury.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Fleetcat
<Content>Charming luxury - enjoy !! When we arrived we knew that we expected to say WOW a lot and we did. The photographs of the three pools stepping down to the ocean do not do it justice - beautiful. Our room wasn鈥檛 ready so we had lunch 鈥?lemongrass satay (yum) and duck salad. We were upgraded to a suite with a pool and it took our breath away (28). We booked our holiday through Diane Embree [--] - as recommended by other posters on TripAdvisor 鈥?and we suspect the upgrade came as a result of the 鈥淓mbree Effect鈥?. We were booked on a deal where we stayed for 4 nights called a Wellness Package (or something similar). Our only criticism would be that we couldn鈥檛 fit in all the things that were included!! We had a cruise on one of the outrigger boats (with others but they were all charming) where the snorkelling was lovely, a massage, a pedicure (we didn鈥檛 have time for the manicure), a Balinese massage on the beach, an amazing two and a half hour body treatment in our room 鈥?all included in the package 鈥?tremendous value. Would recommend you take your treatments your the room rather than in the beachside cabana. My husband had a back and shoulder ache. The lady in reception offered a healing session in lieu of his manicure which he accepted with alacrity. The healer was a sturdy Balinse bloke who tied up Allen like he was spaghetti putting him in positions I can warrant he hasn鈥檛 been in since he was in the army (if then!!). The experience was not entirely pleasant but it was clear he knew his anatomy. Not going to say it was a miracle cure as this is a long term problem but he eased the ache significantly and a week on his work is still giving benefit.The beach is fine but it is volcanic sand and there is a fair amount of surf so personal choice if it is your type of beach or not. It isn鈥檛 mine but this is more than adequately compensated for by an amazing pool down at the beach club area with its own bar and restaurant. Breakfast (also included on the package) was lovely and all a la carte. Other people didn鈥檛 seem to eat lunch but we enjoy a starter and a glass of wine and all were delicious. Dinner was fine 鈥?the food was good but if I was honest not great however we didn鈥檛 really get much great food in Bali. Excellent steak though.It is odd being in a hotel where you never sign for anything but very nice. I don鈥檛 want to spoil surprises for people (or create disappointment if they don鈥檛 happen) but every night there was something in the room to make our holiday more special. We did miss a TV in our room 鈥?we are not honeymooners and do need a bit of external entertainment assistance from time to time. The free internet compensated a bit.There are fun things about the hotel too 鈥?particularly the custom buggies to move you around. There are a lot of steps in the hotel but we managed 鈥?with a few exceptions 鈥?only to go downstairs. Oh and I must mention the performance by the local children. Usually this is the kind of thing to make me run in the opposite direction however by coincidence we arrived just as the show commenced and they were fantastic, delightful and didn鈥檛 go on too long. Just perfect entertainment.So thank you Amankila for our upgrade, our amazing holiday and making us feel so welcome.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>eyechip
<Content>Yes, it's an Aman.. Aman properties may be the closes thing to perfection in luxury accommodations that one could ever find anywhere in the world. It is their hallmark -and they know it, they don't forget it, and it would be difficult for you to ever find fault in any Aman you are lucky enough to be at.Amankila is no different. I stayed there a few times in the mid-90's and at the time it was unprecedented. I returned recently with my wife and it was still wonderful, the only difference being that now of course, thanks to Aman, luxury properties seem to be cropping up everywhere with everyone trying to top the other in services, style and, unfortunatly, rates. But Aman, and more importantly for this review Amankila, can never be duplicated. What sets it apart? That they manage to give this feeling of luxury in a way it should... making the guest feel as if they are not on a detached luxury cruise but actually part of the environment and place they have travelled to. Aman embraces location while other hotels seem to want you removed from it. No need to wax-poetically on the service, food, rooms, or resort offerings as it is an Aman and they are of course absolutly fantastic. Amankila is a very special place indeed.My only complaint: Has the greatness of Aman gone a bit to their heads? We recieved two t-shirts at check-out that had the big words AmanJunkiie scrawled on the front. I love Aman...but not that much. I certainly don't need to be nerdish enough to wear something like that in the same way as people sometimes put bumper stickers on their cars decalaring that I Love My Wife. I thought it a bit tacky and left them in the room...I hope the housekeepers found use for them!The Scorpion  
<Date>Sep 24, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TheWardsLondon
<Content>Perfect! The final destination on our honeymoon, Amankila had a lot to live up to, as the previous hotels in which we'd stayed had been heavenly! It did not disappoint. In fact it was without a doubt the most lovely hotel we have ever been to (and ever will go to I expect). From start to finish this place was perfect - every moment felt like a holiday highlight (a romantic mountain-top satay BBQ for two at sunset, a private snorkelling trip on the hotel's boat, a complimentary 2 hour massage on your room's sea terrace........). Recommended without reservation for a once in a lifetime holiday indulgence.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>gl0betr0tting
<Content>Amazing Amankila!       View from Amankila  
<Date>Sep 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MikeDHk
<Content>Married at Amankila       Beautiful dinner scene  
<Date>Sep 6, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>AimeG
<Content>Amankila- lovely place, shame about the oil depot       Views from the pool  
<Date>Aug 30, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JulieninParis
<Content>Not Worth the Money... We have been very disappointed by our stay in Amankila. Public parts of the hotel are breathtaking, service is merely ok, and the rooms are VERY DISAPPOINTING for a hotel claiming such a high standard.Lobby, swimming pool, beach and restaurant are great (even though we couldn鈥檛 swim in the ocean because of jelly fishes 鈥?Not Amankila鈥檚 fault, of course)Service is disappointing: there were not enough beds on the beach, depending on who I asked to there were some slots or not for massages, 鈥here is no gym (there is equipment but it can be used by one person at a time, so you have to book 2 days in advance..)Rooms were absolutely not worth 750 $ per night : We had a regular villa, decoration was end 80鈥檚/early 90鈥檚, we had a view on the concrete pillars of the villa next to ours, fairly small, the terrace was dirty (dirty sofa,鈥?, bath tub was small, 2 coakroaches in the shower, just an ipod in the room to make it seem like it had been refurbished (no TV, 鈥?), noisy AC.We decided to leave after the first night, we went directly to the Four Seasons in Jimbaran, for the SAME PRICE, we had a private pool, a villa twice the size, fully renovated with outside shower, great view,鈥?We felt Amankila must have been great 15 years ago, but is definitely not anymore in Bali鈥檚 standards. We had been to 2 hotels that were cheaper (Chedi Club and Bale, 500$/night) that were much better.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	5	2	3	2	1	

<Author>TandTSwitzerland
<Content>Great location! The Amankila is located in the east of Bali - the most beautiful part of the island, very quiet, and not overly touristy. The hotel sits on a hill, overlooking the ocean, great views!The whole hotel has a very nice architecture, a very good taste, understatement is the motto (not to showy, just simple luxury).The bungalows are spread out in a large garden, nicely decorated, cozy. Downside: the rooms are not renovated, and you can see the hotel has his age - windows and doors have slips of 1-2 cm, so any wind, noise and small animals can come in. The shower has no temparature mixer. Well, this is not a major problem, but for USD 1k per night you would expect some updated amenities.The hotel has several pools, 3 pools on the hill where the restaurant and the bar is, and one on the beach. The beach is very nice (black sand), with nice cabanas. It is a very nice walk to the beach (5-10 minutes).Staff is very nice and friendly - however be prepared that they do not always speak proper english and sometimes are on the slower side - again it is OK, but you would expect more from a hotel at this category. You would also expect a manager to be around during the day, but I only saw the manager once at the arrival, then never again - I think it would be good, as this would also increase the service quality.Food: OK, but not great. Wine choice relatively good for Bali, reltively limited choice of European wines.Overall a nice place, but Aman Resorts do put a lot of emphasis on great and quiet location and design, unfortunately service and food does not fully reflect the standard you would expect from a top hotel. I still enjoyed my time here, the location is really great and you should in any case plan some excursions, especially the bike tour through rice paddies, villages etc - a great way to explore some parts of Bali!  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	5	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>oscar099
<Content>Amazing Amankila We have just experienced the most amazing holiday at Amankila.The special treatment started at the airport where we were greeted by smiling Amankila staff , given refreshing cold face towels and cold drinks, then transported in airconditioned luxury to the beautiful resort.Our villa was amazing- a beautiful free standing building, totally private, with a magificent view of the ocean. We had a private pool and there were so many unexpected luxurious touches. Every night our pool was beautifully lit by candles. A huge bowl of delicous fruit was supplied every day, a basket of tuber roses arrived on the first day to spread a heavenly fragrance through our suite, jars of sweet and savoury biscuits were continually topped up , jugs of iced water always supplied, and a never ending supply of fresh towels. Every night a little treat was left when our bed was turned down - sometimes chocolates, sometimes little bottles of perfumed oils or bath salts. While we had a fantastic view of the ocean and the surrounding country side, we had 95 steps to descend to get to the restaurants and the beautiful tiered pools! This meant we had 95 steps to climb to get back to our villa! It did take some effort but we considered it good exercise allowing us to further indulge at the restaurants!Every day we were given a menu listing the daily specials available at the restraurants. We thought the restaurants were great. The chef, James, spoke to us on several occasions and we thoroughly enjoyed all our meals. The Risterfel dinner by the tiered pool, beautiful candles everywhere, was fantastic - , as was the Satay Dinner at the Bale Tirta Sari - candles to light up the path to the bale high up on the mountain side, our own private chef and waiter - so peaceful, so unique . Great location, great service, great food.We enjoyed watching the gorgeous local Balinese children performing a dance one evening -very entertaining, they are so graceful. Also enjoyed receiving the lovely offerings the little girls made each day. There was lots of information available regarding activities to fill the day. We did an early morning trek with an experienced guide, through rice fields and some very isolated little villages. Great scenery - magnificent views of Mount Agung and also the vivid blue ocean and the green of the coconut palms and rice fields. We also went snorkling and cruising on the Aman XII. I had never been snorkling but had a ball. Felt very safe with the Amankila guide close by. Very relaxing lying on the roof of the boat while we were cruising, and we enjoyed a delicious lunch on the way back. Relaxing by the pools was a favourite past time for us - either the magnificent tied pools, the beach club pool or down on one of the bales at the beach where we were treated with delicious shot glasses of sorbet. Pure bliss!One of the best things of all about our holiday was the staff at Amankila . Tracy, the general manager is an absolute delight, very welcoming, obliging and easy to talk to, and she obviously has full respect and confidence of all the staff. They were like a big happy family. They were discrete, happy, friendly, always smiling, knowledgable, and they all knew and called us by name from the minute we arrived. Not once were we asked for our room number, nor to sign any restaurant dockets! They always knew who we were! Quite amazing.I can't say enough about this amazing place. I haven't mentioned the beautiful private beach, the yummy afternoon tea every day at 4pm on the library steps, the spa treatments, the availablilty of a buggy to take you from the beach back up to your villa, the fantastic gift shop full of beautiful uniquely Balinese goodies (which are surprisingly inexpensive), nor many other activities that we didn't have time to do.  We only had five days at Amankila - it was so comfortable, unpretentious and relaxing our five day stay was timeless. Congratulations to the management and staff on providing such a magical experience. The attention to detail in every respect was truely remarkable. Thank you.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>aussiefarmer
<Content>another slice of heaven as we said last time about Amankila we would be back .we persuaded my Cousin and her Husband who had never left Aus to join us .we arrived at the airport late at night but the friendly guide was there to greet us collect the luggage ,give us a lovely cold face towel to freshen up then a bintang to enjoy on the journey .We both had booked a pool suite so an early morning swim revived us before breakfast and a tour of the resort.Assistant Manager Yuki met us to discuss what we wanted to do for the 5 days,she had a lovely personality and a great knowledge of the area.For the first two days our cousins kept pinching themselves ,they could not believe there could be such a beautifull place with such exceptional service nestled on a hillside overlooking the sea.we chose a morning cruise with snorkelling around a small reef with a terrific array of colored fish,A hike through the rice fields with a wonderfull clear view of Mt Agung the nearby volcano.The highlight was the Sate dinner in the Bale in the Rice fields. After discussing with James the head chef our choices we had our own personal chef prepare ten different sate courses which were just fantastic.On the last day Tracy (the general manager) who had looked after us so well last trip arrived back from a business trip.She went out of her way to make sure all was well.I am sure her repoir with the guests is one of the major reasons why the resort and its service is just so fantastic .Well done to Tracy and her staff.Like we said last year we will be back.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>JayAndKay
<Content>A Tried and Tested Formula Aman has really got it down pat 鈥?fabulous resorts with unparalled levels of service. The number of 5-star rated reviews that Amankila has received is testament to their ability to deliver a consistently high level product for each and every guest who stays at their resort.My wife and I have just spent a week at Amankila and generally agree with all the positive reviews. This is a beautiful resort 鈥?amazing design (despite being 15 years old this resort looks fresh and timeless), great villas and a wonderful choice of pools and black sand beach.It鈥檚 definitely the staff that makes the place. They are personal but unobtrusive, warm but discreet and are well trained to anticipate guests鈥?needs. What I do find surprising is impressed some other reviewers are of the service to the point of suggesting that some of the staff are almost telepathic. Perhaps I am a bit cynical but I think it鈥檚 a pretty simple formula 鈥?the resort runs a high staff to guest ratio who are highly trained to provide good service and anticipate the needs of guests. Given the relatively small number of guests they have on the property (there are only 35 villas), I don鈥檛 think this is rocket science but clearly what Aman excels at which is why they have such a great reputation 鈥?when you stay at an Aman resort you are virtually guaranteed to have this kind of experience. It鈥檚 what you are paying for.I reserve 5-star ratings for experiences which are flawless or transformational and even though it has been a fantastic holiday, I didn鈥檛 feel Amankila met either of those criteria. I have deducted one star for a couple of reasons: (i) price 鈥?the rate is definitely not cheap. Guests are paying a premium for privacy and seclusion and amazing service. If you are not that focused on either of these factors and are working to a budget, I would suggest also considering other resorts such at the Oberoi, the Bale, Four Seasons Jimbaran and the Legian 鈥?you can have a similar experience with change to spare for spa treatments, day trips, dining out etc(ii) food 鈥?while there is a diverse menu, my wife and I didn鈥檛 find the food particularly authentic or tasty and also felt that they could have had more specials. The dining options are limited, there are no restaurants nearby and by the end of the week, we both felt rather jaded about the food choices.A few other points to note if you are planning to a stay at Amankila:- Stairs - the villas are connected by a series of elevated walkways. There are many steps so the unfit or aged may want to request a villa nearer to the main pool and dining complex;- Villa choice 鈥?we stayed in a Garden View villa. These are identical in layout and size to the Ocean View villas except the orientation is different. The Ocean View villas have outdoor areas which face the ocean directly while the Garden View villas are perpendicular but you still get views of the ocean and the same level of privacy so if a good choice if you are working on a budget (the difference between these room types us US$200 which I think is excessive).- Location 鈥?the resort is pretty isolated so trips out to local restaurants are not really an option (as they would be if you stayed in an area like Seminyak for example). Obviously the big plus is the seclusion and privacy but as I noted above, the choice available at the resort can get a bit tedious if you are staying a week or more.Overall, we had a great stay at Amankila and would recommend it to our friends albeit with the warnings above. Definitely looking forward to future stays at other Aman resorts.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Davies72
<Content>Deserves to be Number 1 We have just returned from a trip to Bali which included 5 nights at the Amankila. We stayed in the Amankila suite and it was worth every cent. The hotel is lovely and staff and service fantastic. It was quiet and peaceful and even though the hotel was apparently full you would never have known it. I have always said that I would never swim in the sea in Bali but I did after snorkelling near Amankila - there were so many beautiful fish that the water must have been clean.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>pige_paa_ferie
<Content>A place to fall in love...Unforgettable It has by far, been the best accommodation that I have stayed in in all my travels all these years.It's not cheap but it's worth every penny of it. In fact, the usual questions about the room, location, hygiene...become insignificant. It scores 101% across the board. I felt like I was in heaven and wished I could stay a lot longer.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kaywhy
<Content>Deserves to be No. 1 on Tripadvisor From the moment you arrive at the airport where Amankila staff welcomes you to the time you leave Bali, the entire experience is sublime. We were received by the manager upon arrival, and could do our check-in in our villa. Amankila's attention to details was way beyond our expectations. We had our baby with us and they prepared a cot, diapers, baby shampoo/powder, soft toy, steam steriliser etc. in our villa. They even had kid-sized bathrobes and slippers for our older kids! We were pleasantly surprised!During our 3 day stay, we were greeted by name wherever we went in the resort. Requests for things to be sent to our room were promptly attended to and delivered within minutes -- this was actually amazing as the entire resort is huge. Service is indeed outstanding.This IS the place to be pampered.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ccrr77fr
<Content>the very best, no challenger       my best memory...  
<Date>Jun 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Steve89135
<Content>Amankila. Wow. The location, the facility, the staff -- all beyond comparison. The absolute perfect place to leave all your cares behind: you don't even have to think, as they've already thought of it before you and delivered it. Do nothing or go have an adventure, it's all impeccable and breathtaking.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>tatnut
<Content>Amankila, Bali, a unique expirience Bali: Amankila, Bali, a unique experience,magnificent!Date: May, 2008Reviewer: D Nuttall - seasoned traveller  My wife and I have just returned from a 10 day stay at the Amankila resort in Bali. This boutique resort has to be one of best travel experiences of my life. One of the first things to impact on you is the feeling that you are a very special guest. we were made to feel so special from the second we stepped off the aircraft and transported in air conditioned luxury to this one of a kind resort. We were welcomed as if we were long lost family members. The stunning architecture and amazing service was only surpassed by the quality of the food. What's more I can guarantee that the diverse cuisine will meet the expectations of the most discerning global palette.Not only were we interviewed daily by the executive chef (James Stanton) for special requests and daitary needs, it seemed to me that his team of waiting staff were telepathic. By this I mean one only had to think of a glass of fine wine and it appeared.It was so lovely that it was hard to drag ourselves away from Amankila to go soak up the other attractions Bali has to offer In fact on many days we didn't bother. We simply wrapped ourselves in the family atmosphere and let Bali come to us in the form of many cultural evening shows. During the day we often enjoyed many hours by the terraced pools overlooking the tropical shoreline below. Then there was the pool side massages which were delivered elegance and serenity.  Overall I would say this is probably the best resort experience in my 51 years on the planet. So if you want to mix sheer tropical luxury, real Indonesian culture and world beating cuisine, then Amankila and it's food is an absolute must  
<Date>Jun 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>babyjetsetter
<Content>A little slice of heaven My husband and I returned to Amankila this year, 2 years since our last visit. This visit was to be different in many ways as our 5month old daughter also accompanied us. What had been a perfect romantic getaway made a very smooth transition to an unforgettable first family holiday. Our Amankila experience began at the airport where you are greeted as soon as you have collected your luggage. You are then taken straight to the car and handed a cold towel and more importantly a cold beer, both help to wash away the stresses of clearing immigration, collecting luggage and of course the flight.Amankila provided a car seat, cot and numerous other baby requirements during our stay. Which made for less hassles when traveling with a new baby.The journey to Amankila from the airport was also greatly improved from our last visit with the opening of new roads.Our villa was the haven we remembered, this time with the inclusion of a gorgeous wooden cot complete with her own mosquito net. Our daughter slept through the night 8 out of the 9 nights we were there so we may be purchasing one of these for home.We had breakfast in our villa most mornings, for ease with our daughter, still a very relaxing experience, with the table outside your villa being set for breakfast as it was served and we had a gorgeous view of the ocean as well. They were very helpful also in providing specific foods for our daughter.Our days were spent lazing by the amazing infinity pools on one of the 5 bales that surround the pool. The bales are so comfortable that our daughter was able to have her daytime sleeps there without any problems. The staff could not have been more accommodating or friendly towards our daughter. On a couple of nights we took her with us to the restaurant for dinner and the staff were quick to ask if they could hold her for us while we ate. They have a genuine love for children and it really shows.On the morning of my birthday I choose some pampering from the Spa staff. I had a pedicure and reflexology out the front of my villa with the staff bringing everything to me, including a ginger tea to finish. The final result was one of relaxation, a perfect way to start any day, but especially a special one.For dinner that night we choose the beach dinner (and a babysitter). This is one of those experiences that really should not be missed. You have the entire beach club, pool and beach to yourselves. The path to the beach is paved with candles and as you step on to the beach you are greeted with a candle lit table and bonfire. During the day James (the Chef) had met with us to help prepare our menu for the evening. James is a very personable, talented chef who is extremely good at what he does. The food was superb! While on the beach you have your own chef and waiter, though you are also left on your own. After dinner you have the use of the bale to lay back and relax, we were lucky enough to dine during a full moon so watching the moon rise and shimmer over the ocean made the evening even more romantic.During the day there are a variety of activities to temp you, if you can pry yourselves away from the pool that is. A trip on AmanXII to go snorkeling is a must. Lying back on the cushions on the roof of the boat as you cruise around to Blue Lagoon is very relaxing. You then have a guide hop in the water with you to show you the many varieties of colourful fish. Afterwards a gorgeous afternoon tea was served on board before heading back.My husband went off on a bike ride, they drove an hour up into the mountains and then road back down through many villages and the beautiful Indonesian countryside. Stopping along the way to visit a locals preparing for a feast and also to watch sarongs being made.Another wonderful experience, yes there are many, was the Ristafal Dinner 鈥?best taken around the 3 tiered pools. This dinner is a variety of Indonesian dishes presented on a long platter to enable you to experience the many wondrous tastes of Bali. We choose to have the dinner in our villa so we could be our daughter to bed and were pleasantly surprised when we looked out to see candles had been placed along the walk way, a table had appeared and been set with candles as well, yet another magical experience. The food, as we had come to expect during our stay, was excellent.The General Manager Tracy is a delight. Always greeting you with a smile, she has a wealth of knowledge about Indonesia and is able to suggest activities and day trips that were suitable for us to do both as a family and a couple.Another very appealing service is having an assistant from the Aman resorts greet you as you return to the airport for your flight home. He stayed with us right up to immigration helping with luggage and letting us know what was required at each stage. The help was a blessing when dealing with a baby as well.As our holiday came to an end I was pleased to discover that one of my favourite holiday destinations as a couple had made the transition to family holiday with ease.All in all I cannot say enough about how amazing our holiday was. I hope our return visit is sooner than the 2 years from our last.  
<Date>May 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LVGlobalNomad
<Content>I love Aman!       Amakila Pool  
<Date>May 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>tessuk
<Content>Paradise in Bali... The Amankila experience is to be found in a holiday retreat hidden away on the East Coast of Bali on a hillside overlooking the Indian Ocean. It's paradise. It's peaceful, it's discrete, it's the perfect destination for the most relaxing holiday of a lifetime. When you arrive at Amankila you couldn't wish to be anywhere else in the world. From the 3 infinity pools, afternoon tea on the library steps, the beach club and private beach, spa treatments - not to mention the wonderful food in a choice of three restaurants or in the privacy of your own suite. The staff are delightful and offer exceptional service and give the real 'Bali experience'... The management are to be congratulated. Thank you for the most wonderful holiday, i'll be back.  
<Date>May 11, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jeff415
<Content>Bliss       The beach-level pool, really spectacular  
<Date>May 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Bali-dreaming
<Content>Beautiful Amankila Pick up from the airport and drive to Amankila was seemless. We arrived around midnight, and the lack of traffic at that time of night meant our transfer took only 70 mins or so ( 2+ hours during the day ).On arrival we were upgraded to an oceanfront villa ( no. 5 ) which I think had possibly the best location, other than the three feature villas. Our arrival drink was a lovely bottle of French champagne, which we drank on our huge balcony, overlooking the surf.Our four days there were spent on a huge private bale next to the bottom of the three tiered pools. We seemed to sleep a lot ! The environment is so tranquil, it is a perfect place to relax. From the moment you get up and have breakfast by the pool, you seem to fall in to almost a trance. The Australian head chef - James - spoke with us most mornings, and also planned a private poolside dinner for us on the night of our 20th wedding anniversary. ( We considered the beachside bonfire setting, but it was very windy ). We ventured to the hills one night for the canapes  daquiris by sunset outing. This was beautiful - a most gorgeous view over the hills. It felt very luxuriant. The only negative here was that the canapes were not well chilled, and we felt this may have been the cause of my husband's subsequent illness which hit him from the next morning.Overall the food was good, but not exceptional. In particular, my husband didn't like the breakfasts as the eggs were not to his liking. What I did like was the afternoon teas - beautiful ginger tea served with local cakes, served by the poolside.The beach is quite pleasant - there are ships about every day, but they really are not an issue. The black sand is not unattractive, and also not an issue.The resort is heavily stamped by the influence of the GM - Tracey. She sent flowers to our room accompanied by a personal note. Often we would see her around the resort, and she seemed to be very involved with both staff and guests. The atmosphere at the hotel is lovely - you feel like someone has pushed a  go - slow  button on you, and you can't help but relax. The decor and surroundings, including the foliage, is almost minimalist and adds to the ability to erase everything from your mind - hard to describe, but I felt that my mind had been purged of all thoughts of home ! I agree with a comment I read in earlier review that the beds are quite hard. I like a firm bed, but this one was too hard for me - I mentioned it to staff, and I'm not sure what they did, but it felt softer on subsequent nights ( You never knew what housekeeping staff did, as you never saw them ! The were incredibly discreet )After four days we felt the need to move on - I think that 3 - 4 days is probably the right length of time here. We had originally booked for 7 nights, but the hotel had no issue with us transferring to Amanusa. The transfer there, during the day, was slow and boring at times, as we were often stuck in traffic. I would recommend transferring / going to the airport either early or late in the day.In summary, Amankila is stunning. It is a perfect place to clear the cobwebs from your mind, and absolutely chill out in beautiful surroundings. You are made to feel like a very special guest. If you are a foodie, it may not be your cup of tea, but that said, the food is not bad.  
<Date>May 1, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DDHK
<Content>Breathtaking! If Bali is the island of Gods, then Amankila is where they stay!This is certainly one of the most amazing retreats in the world. Stunningly beautiful with unbelievable service. The resort is just breathtaking and very well maintained. Beautiful individual villas with wonderful personal touches, unique pool areas, amazing landscaping, private beautiful beach, impeccable service, always discreet and unobstrusive but on the spot when needed and always anticipating your needs, delicious food and the perfect host as in Tracy the General Manager. Make sure to experience the Beach Dinner. The entire beach with Clubhouse and pool reserved just for yourself, candlelit table and bonfire, your private chef and waiter, breaking waves and starlit skies inclusive. Probably the most romantic moment you will ever spent. I could keep on writing how amazing this perfect retreat is, but I am lacking words to truly describe how unique and unforgettable it is.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Rubee1402
<Content>What a wonderful honeymoon....       Our nightly turndown service, different desserts or gifts each night  
<Date>Apr 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>MissLondon
<Content>Phenomenal - The Best Aman on the island of Bali This is rated the number 1 hotel on the island and it should be - it is stunning - and one of the best hotels I have ever stayed at. The hotel is located about 150km from denpasar airport and is beautiful. Villas perched on a cliff which falls into a private beach and ocean - the pictures of the 3 tiered infinity pool on the website do not do the pool justice - it has to be seen to be believed. Some complain that the beach is black sand - didnt bother us at all, in fact we preferred the natural untouched beauty of it to the white but tourist overrun and tidal beach at amanusa. Nobody other than amankila guests can use the beach and the ocean is clean and good for swimming (unlike amanusa) The beach club is also wonderful with another beautiful pool, and the food at all three resturaunts was excellent. Our room was ocean view, with a wonderful terrace you could watch the sunset from while listening to tunes on your ipod in the room. I would probably pay up for an ocean view room if i were to go again - we got lucky and got upgraded (note the amankila was the only of the three hotels to upgrade us even though all three were empty!) Although the hotel is nearly 15 years old, it looks like it could have been built 3 years ago. The staff were also the nicest at this hotel of any of the three amans. So go to bali and stay at amankila - you will not regret it (like we did amandari)NB hotel does not have a gym - i think it should especially as during rainy season it can rain a lot and there is not a whole lot to doNB2 when you go to the hotel - ask the staff about special guest - who comes to stay for the whole month of december every year - the stories are hysterical!  
<Date>Apr 4, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Will76
<Content>OUTSTANDING Firstly may I thank all the Trip Advisors whom shared their experiences on this site. A large part of our choosing this hotel was due to the reviews. I can concur that this hotel is outstanding. We stayed 3 nights at Amankila then 3 nights at Amandari then 1 night Amanusa then back to Amankila for 5 nights. Much of our experiences are very much the same 'standard' as those discribed by others on this site.In brief:Amankila = All round excellentAmandari = Amazing Food, best chef, and wonderful staff, very friendly and helpful management, Speical thanks to Anom for showing us his wonderful country., we recommend a tour with him.Amanusa = Very disappointing, feels like an average hotel, probably best suited for Golfer holidays. Having experienced the other resorts this hotel was well below Aman standard.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Chirgs
<Content>A slice of Heaven We have just returned from a weeks holiday in Bali, 2 nights in Nusa Dua and 4 nights at Amankila. From the moment we were picked up and whisked away to Amankila we felt like royalty. On arrival we were told we had been upgraded to a Pool Suite (ahhhh....heaven), the rooms are cool, spacious and every need is catered for. All rooms have a daybed and table  chairs outside so you can enjoy your own romantic meal!! The staff are friendly, always have a smile and greet you by name. There is only one restaurant open for dinner, but the food is top quality (Australian Chef!!) and delicious! There is also a pool side cafe/restaurant which serves breakfast and lunch and a another restaurant at the beach club. You also have an extensive menu for 24 hour room service. If you like large resorts, buffet meals and an extensive range of restaurants/bars then this is not for you! At Amankila you feel like the only one there, perfect to relax and do nothing, stare dreamly at the amazing view or stroll along the beach. Amankila also have a list of activities such as Yoga, day spa, bike riding, hiking, diving, boat tours, shopping etc, to cater for the more energetic. I could go on, but it's best to experience Amankila yourself......ahh HEAVEN!!  
<Date>Feb 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>TheTraveller65
<Content>Absolutely amazing...a real paradise My partner  I recently had the pleasure of staying in an ocean pool suite for 2 nights and 3 days which felt like heaven. Totally relaxing, beautiful seeting, best trained, sincere, and clued up staff in Bali. Even when it rains just sitting by one of the Balinese beds by the pool reading or watching the rain come down was bliss. Fortunately we had great weather for most of our stay and could enjoy the 4 pools and the beach. Hats off to Tracey (GM) and the rest of the team of Amankila. Worth every penny and we would do it again and again ...if we won the lotto. Thank you!  
<Date>Feb 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Amanvari
<Content>Crown Jewel in the Aman Crown Paradise on earth.The most magnificent location. The architectural language is world class. Beautiful interior design prevails with exquistie jewel like Mother of Pearl detailing off set against terrazzo and fine tropical timbers. Our beautiful pool suite, the Indrakila was sublime. We also loved the beach bales and enjoyed swimming in the sea. However, the exquisite pool scapes are trully splediferous, so choosing where to swim will probably be your most stressful experience at Amankila.The staff were abolutely gentle and attentive and no detail ignored. My casual mention that the Mangosteen was my favourite fruit meant that this delicacy manifested in our in suite fruit basket every day. We requested an early breakfeast at Amankila s magical hill top bale which is literally cantilvered over the most beautiful Coconut vista you can imagine. Go up as early as possible and watch the valley below wake to the day.We highly recommend taking the half day snorkelling trip on the resort s own stylish Aman XVI. You not only get to see some great subaquatic life but get to savour a great view of Amankila from the ocean.My one small complaint is that the food (besides the hill top breakfeast which was superb) here was not in the same league as the other Amans at which I have stayed.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>FidgetMD
<Content>The most beatiful place on Earth! Simply put, this is the most beautiful place on Earth.......although I'm still working on traveling the entire planet. We were here at the beginning of our honeymoon and were so impressed, we would like to return.........and we usually don't go to the same place twice. The rooms, service, activities, pool and views were all spectacular. The Aman hotels are first class all the way. Although the price-tag is as well, it's worth it. In addition, although they're not all inclusive and food can be pricey, they do include a lot of extras and amenities that end up equaling the cost of less expensive hotels that charge you for every little thing.You must see this place at least once in your life.We booked through Diane Embree at Michael's Travel. We found her in a ranking of best area specific travel agents in one of the travel magazines. I would recommend her if you book here.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jasont830
<Content>World Class Elegance Everything that you expect from Aman resorts - stunning location, beautiful rooms, fantastic facilities and attentive service - is perfected at Amankila. The service was impeccable to the point that you felt as though you were a guest at someone's home as opposed to staying at a hotel. Our favorite parts of the hotel were afternoon tea, where they also served delicious Balinese pastries, and the stunning, three tiered pool overlooking the ocean. We spent many delightful days camped out at a private Bale (huge open aired gazebo like structure with a day bed) by the pool relaxing and playing scrabble borrowed from the well stocked library. We also enjoyed the nighttime performances of traditional dances that the hotel arranged with local dance groups for all guests.We had a pool suite overlooking the ocean that was stunning (room #24). The suite's pool was large and private. Every evening we come back from dinner to find the pool lined by candles. Other room details that we appreciated included the Ipod and jars of cookies and chips (that were constantly replenished). We additionally enjoyed the SUV transfer to the hotel (about an hour and fifteen minute drive) with cold beer and water. We additionally highly recommend the private bonfire lit dinner down by the ocean.While I can't comment on other parts of Bali as this was our first trip, East Bali (where the hotel is) is absolutely stunning and refreshingly free of mass tourism. Some of the local activities that we did were a bike trip down Sideman road past rice paddies and through some very interesting small villages. We additionally went scuba diving two days at Tulamben and an island off the coast called Nusa Penida (both trips recommended). The Nusa Penida trip originates from a small town just south of the hotel called Padangbai which we highly recommend for a stroll and lunch/dinner outside of the hotel.One area that we found lacking at the hotel was the spa which we found to be average.All in all we highly we strongly recommend Amankila.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>likesthingsclean
<Content>The BEST!!! Wow! Just came back from 3 nights at Amandari, 4 nights at Amankila and 7 nights in Amanjiwo. Amankila is Amazing! We had room #33 (pool suite) and it was great! The room is great, especially considering it was 15 years old. The outside was magnificent. Our terrace was huge as was our pool. We had a daybed and a table with two chairs for outdoor dining. These were in the covered area of the terrace. Then we had a queen size recliner located in the shade (due to trees and an umbrella) and then we also had two single recliners located in the sun. So, whatever you wanted to do-sleep, suntan or stay in the shade, you could do it without dragging furniture as you had to do at Amandari. From day one, they knew our names and always referred to us as such. The staff was friendly and great. Everytime we left our room, we would come back to find that it was cleaned and refreshed. We had complimentary cookies and chips and it was always refilled. Within 10 minutes of arriving, we received a bottle of champagne (as we did at Amandari and Amanjiwo) for our welcome. It was very romantic and there was only one kid there (who was older and very quiet). The excursions are great (you get one a day on the Bali experience). The picnic lunch was unbelievable. There was so much food and it was wonderful. The only bad thing was that our last night, the food was really bad. It must have been a different chef from all the previous nights because they were fairly good.If we ever went back to Indonesia, this is our number #1 choice to return to over Amandari and Amanjiwo.MT  
<Date>Sep 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>JOHNEWLondon
<Content>Fantastic My wife and I stayed at Amankila for two blissful weeks during our honeymoon earlier this month. It was quite easily the most relaxing, professional and charming hotel I have ever experienced in any part of the world. The location is beautiful, and the architecture of the hotel itself is superb. With spaced out accommodation, four swimming pools to choose from (not including those rooms with private pools), you never feel that you are on top of the other guests. The staff are always ready, willing and able to assist at any time, and as has been noted in these other reviews their ability to make the stay more pleasurable is second to none. I have travelled on Bali before, and the island is becoming ever more crowded with tourists and locals catering for the tourist trade. But Amankila is still a reminder of the quiet, laid back island I remember from 15 years ago, with all the local charm of the staff to match my memories of old Bali. With objectivity in mind, I have tried to find some negative points to my stay that I can address. Yes, the private beach is black sand, but I think it is actually very beautiful and there was never more than three other guests on this long, clean strip. There are some ships moored in the horizon, but it is the Lombok Strait...of course they will be there. Other than that, there is nothing I can think to discuss.I can say with absolutely no hesitation that I will be returning to this hotel in the near future and recommend it to the highest degree.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>strickles
<Content>World Class Luxury and attention to detail       our room at Amankila  
<Date>Sep 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Alfonso121
<Content>Can't imagine that there are better resorts out there       View at the beach club from the Indrakila suite  
<Date>Aug 22, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Junior14
<Content>Amazing Amankila Our stay at Amankila was nothing short of superb. This has to be one of the best resorts in the world, and it鈥檚 not hard to see why.On arrival in Bali, we were whisked away from Denpasar Airport by our driver in a stylish jeep complete with cold drinks, huge white pillows and a personal ipod. We enjoyed the trip through the quaint little villages but when we arrived at Amankila we were awestruck! Shortly after we checked in, we lay by the three-tiered swimming pool, ordered lunch, and not long after that, an Amankila dacquiri 鈥?a taste sensation that I can not seem to recreate quite the same way at home! Full capacity at Amankila is modest at about 45, meaning most days we felt like the only people at the resort! On days we felt like a break from lazing about, swimming and reading (yes that鈥檚 possible) there were plenty of fun activities on offer. We loved the trek to Abian Canang -our guide was really friendly and informative- but be prepared for a serious workout 鈥?those hills are steep! The scuba diving is great, and caters for first timers, and a real highlight for me were the daily outdoor yoga sessions, done late in the afternoon while soaking in the breathtaking views of the ocean. Another Amankila highlight is the food 鈥?it鈥檚 just sensational. The gourmet pizza at the beach club was devine, along with the private dinner on the beach 鈥?complete with your own chef, who created the menu to suit our tastes, and waiters 鈥?it鈥檚 one of the most romantic things I鈥檝e ever done. We felt so well looked after the whole time we were there and appreciated the extreme care taken to ensure everything was perfect. It was all the subtle Amankila touches that really make the resort what it is, such as having our shoes cleaned after the trek. The staff are so friendly and efficient, and Tracy the general manager was truly lovely. We鈥檒l definitely be back!  
<Date>Aug 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ymc4
<Content>Magnificant Hotel We just spent five fantastic days at the Amankila. I was there with my husband and two children ages 11 and 18 and we all agree that this is the best hotel we have experienced (and we travel extensively). Tracy and her staff make you feel like royalty. The grounds and pools are stunning. The beach is clean and the ocean water is very warm. There are plenty of loungers and bales for everyone. My family had lots of fun boogie boarding in the waves. The beach staff were very attentive and always brought lots of cold water. There are lots of interesting sights in the area and the hotel drivers were good tour guides. We stayed in a villa with a private pool. The staff brought us a TV and at night when we were all exhausted we would borrow a DVD from the hotel library.The food was excellent . But the staff and grounds were absolutely fantastic!  
<Date>Aug 12, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>babygenius
<Content>Impeccable Service !! I've heard tons of compliments on Amanresorts, especially on how great their service is. When I thought I know what's to be expected, the Amankila experience definitely exceeds my expectation !!The Aman shuttles (yes, they sent two Toyotas for us!) picked us up Four Seasons (Four Seaons had no airport shuttle). We did feel the royal treatment with cold towers, drinks and snacks on the car. The driver was very friendly, and told us about different villages and Balinese tradition along the way.Upon arrival, we were warmly greeted by staff members. The hotel is stunning looking over the Lambok Strait, and the legendary three story pool area is gorgeous.Our room is nicely appointed, though I do wish they can provide more toiletries at that room price. The room hides all the ugly little details, but then it was tricky to find the plug-ins. I noticed other members talked about no bugs in the room, but it was a different story in ours. Our room had a lot of bugs, and it really annoyed me when I had to scream out of my shower when I saw a huge spider on the wall. Although we booked an ocean view room, it is basically no difference than the garden view room unless you spent a lot of time on your porch area. I don't know if it's just my room, but I couldn't even see the ocean in the room. I would recommend either book the garden view or just skip to the pool suite, 200 for a view on the porch is not necessary to me personally. Privacy is a big issue to me too. The room is not secluded enough to us, and we can actually see people walking around in their rooms. Sometimes I lay in my bed trying to relax, saw some gardeners walking by and had to jump up and close the windows (and I need to close the windows to use bathtubs as well)We also did the some of the highly recommended activities, including the private beach dinner, breakfast at the bale and morning cruise. The beach dinner is a truly romantic  wonderful experience, but the food is just ok which is a bit depressing with the great service and sound of the wave around. I personally do not like the breakfast at the bale very much. Honestly, we did not like the food at all, and the view is just ok, very $$$ too. But the morning cruise is fun and worth a try (if you skip the food part, too)Service is impeccable from getting to the hotel until we're ready to leave Bali. You're being taken care of to the smallest details possible, and we were so surprised to get airport assistance right off the shuttle. And we can not thank much to the wonderful driver who rushed us to the airport that got us in time to catch our flight (his driving skill is really mouth-dropping!). Everyone at the resort is friendly, and special thanks to Hosaiyo (I hope I didn't spell wrong!), who is so friendly  so helpful during our stay. But sometimes I found some staffs a bit too chatty when we just want to be left quiet. I know they're just trying to be friendly but it is a bit hard to understand their english and it got a little annoying and intruding somehow.Food, we can not comment. The chef is a nice person but we do not like the food at all. The spaghettis we ordered is so dry and so hard to digest....everything else is so blah....The menu is lack of variety as well with only Indonesian food and Western. With the price charged, we really expected something a lot better.The beach area and the rooms involve some walking, so be prepared. Private beach is secluded but the sand is black, a bit disappointing but we still enjoyed the view.Overall, the hotel itself and the service is excellent, but the food needs a lot of improvement. But that's just my two cents, since food always takes a huge part on my vacations. Would I go back again? Not sure, but I'm interested in visiting other Amanresorts. I doubt I will go back to Amankila soon until they improved their food. (otherwise excellent)  
<Date>Aug 2, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>petercasella
<Content>Classic Balinese culture       Ristafel Dinner  
<Date>Jul 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>KOinCT
<Content>Wahwah-weewah!       Amankila Poolside  
<Date>Jun 7, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TTIW
<Content>This is how hotel service should be like! Amankila has one of the most beautiful hotel grounds in the whole of Asia. While the hotel was built quite a few years ago, the property and fittings are very, very well maintained, and a big plus point is that the flora/greenery is mature and adds to the ambience of the place. The cliffside location adds to the drama. The staff to guest ratio here is outstanding: I believe it is around 5 to 1. The staff are very well trained, quick to anticipate your needs and does everything with a smile. Yet they remain unobtrusive. Indeed, one of the big selling points is that there are only 33 villas in the property, hence you feel that you have the whole place almost to yourself. Even with a fairly high occupancy rate, we seldom saw many guests milling around. The food is surprisingly good by hotel standards. And do try the massages in your room - they are blissful. The one gripe we had, and this might seem very trivial, was that there were three tankers moored right in front of the hotel beach. I think there is an oil terminal nearby (likely built after the hotel was constructed, I suppose). It is a shame, really, because it is the only blip in what is almost a picture-perfect hotel. Interestingly, we noticed that hardly anyone used the beach during the days we were there; this could very well be due to the presence of the tankers...  
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MOZBOB
<Content>Outstanding experience at the Amankila We stayed for 2 nights at the Amankila and it was an outstanding experience! We've been upgraded to an Ocean Villa, which is amazing as you are quite high up the hill overlooking the sea. The accommodation is very spacious and very well appointed.....what a relief: no TV.The staff is very helpful and makes you feel most welcome from the first minute. There's always someone close by to take that drink order etc. without being intrusive.The public spaces are quite spectacular.....I've seen so many pictures of the dramatic pool area and then it's just great to walk there yourself.The resort was very quiet (low season) whilst we were there, but everything kept running as normal. It's great to see that also the management makes an effort to approach guests and make them feel welcome.Whilst there have been built newer resorts on Bali in the past few years, it will be difficult for others to match this panoramic location and it's style!  
<Date>Mar 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Matt321
<Content>Nicest place I have ever stayed               More photos  
<Date>Jan 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DCRatcliff
<Content>Superb Fantatsic. The design ethic is superb. Loved the experience. The Amans set the standard that all luxury hotels should be judged by. It is like travelling Business or First Class on an airline. Nothing is quite the same again  
<Date>Jan 1, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>angel_valentine
<Content>Beautiful resort! Well managed property! We stayed at Amankila and Amandari for our 2-year anniversary. We were at Amandari first, then at Amankila. The contrast was great. Not only is physical location of the two resorts very different (Amandari was surrounded by fields and lush greens and Amankila is by the water), but the styles of the properties were very different as well. Everything at Amankila was elegantly done and well managed- from the nice toiletries to the wonderful surprises that management sends you, and to the terrific bales and neat library, everything was so quietly stylish. We would recommend that you book a private dinner on the beach, where the chef comes to you earlier in the day to ask you what you would like to have and customizes a menu for you. It's just your party, the chef and one server on the beach. I thought it may be awkward at first because there would be someone standing around while we ate. But service was attentive but not intrusive, and we had a delightful time. What I would recommend most is having breakfast in one of the view bales early in the morning. Someone will pick you up in a Jeep and drive you through a village and into the mountains. Then you will have a picture opportunity while your bale is being dressed and breakfast laid out for you. The whole experience was fun (can't remember the last time I had a chance to have a picnic) and so memorable! I would recommend a breakfast rather than lunch (which is an option) because it gets really hot up in the mountains. The only tiny wrinkle during our otherwise perfect stay was that on one evening, I was reading a book in my room and I look out of my window and there was a staff member staring in. He hurried away. Then, on another day, we walked into our room and a security staff was there alone. Not sure why he was there, as he hurried away too. (same guy?) It's not a big deal as nothing seem out of sorts in our room, but it took away just a little from our sense of privacy and tranquility. I don't want to overstate this because the staff at Amankila was otherwise very non-intrusive (unlike Amandari). Plus, I think my expectations were a little higher than usual because we were specifically looking for somewhere really relaxing, tranquil and private after a very stressful period at work.Overall, this is a terrific and beautiful resort. I would highly recommend it to anyone! Christy, the sales manager at the property, was gracious and thoughtful. We had an unforgettable trip and we'll be back for sure!  
<Date>Nov 30, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>BearSummit
<Content>Best beach option in Bali   showReview(6056902, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>AsiaPro
<Content>simply perfect   showReview(5830552, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nowhere as good as Amandari   showReview(4955079, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 10, 2006
<Rating>2	2	5	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>jlh9s
<Content>Beautiful, but expensive       Amankila pools  
<Date>Apr 2, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>JERYLEV
<Content>Better than Paradise   showReview(4367191, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>rc_traveller
<Content>best hotel around the globe   showReview(4070076, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 29, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>hanalei
<Content>superb hotel   showReview(3900041, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 13, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Miciogatto
<Content>Extraordinary architecture, excellent cuisine, stunning views, but...   showReview(3812146, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 28, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>A Slice of Heaven!   showReview(3400846, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 24, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best hotel in the world   showReview(2571426, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 14, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Aulii
<Content>銉涖儐銉伅绱犳暤銇伄銇с仚銇?#x201d;   showReview(21048740, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 20, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	4	5	3	4	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍊ゆ銈傘仌銈嬨倐銇仾銇屻倝...   showReview(19927490, 'full');   
<Date>May 18, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>闁嬫斁鎰熸孩銈屻倠楂樼礆銉涖儐...   showReview(19920421, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 15, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>绌烘腐銇嬨倝绱勶紥鏅傞枔銆併偊...   showReview(19918867, 'full');   
<Date>May 23, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

