<Author>mrstuna
<Content>Great Location, Friendly Staff We went to San Francisco with friends for a birthday celebration, and I chose the hotel for its location. I have to confess, that when I walked into the lobby, I thought Oh no, what have I gotten us in to. It is very heavily decorated in a Victorian manner, and of course this was enhanced by lavish Christmas decorations. If you lean toward minimalist decor, this is not the place for you. However, the staff was very friendly, there is parking in a lot across the street (for a fee), the rooms are very comfortable (great beds), there are two rooms to the lobby with gas logs in fireplaces, tea and coffee are always available with sherry and cookies at 4 p.m. Their continental breakfast is good, although we finally hungered for a real breakfast and went out our last morning. They have 24-hour concierge service, and what was especially helpful, a complimentary shuttle that leaves at three different times in the morning that will take you anywhere you want to go in San Francisco. We took it to Union Square one morning and to the Cal Academy of Sciences another. The driver is very helpful about directing you to the bus lines to come home.The location was great: easy walking to Japan Town and to Fillmore Street for shopping and restaurants. San Francisco's wonderful transit system, or a cab, will take you anywhere else.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>msghosthunter
<Content>Beautiful Hotel!!!!! We are ghost hunters so we were excited to stay at the Queen Anne and take the ghost tour from the lobby. We can't say enough about both. The Hotel was amazing, like stepping back in time. The ghost tour is a must, the guide was great, funny and informative.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Laura900
<Content>loved the queen anne Stayed here for 4 nights on september 5th. Had a fantastic time, hotel rooms were a good size with great victorian features, beds were comfortable and bathroom was good size very clean. parking was across the street which was convienient. Bus route was 2 blocks away really easy to find also got a few taxis back in the evening from fishermans wharf which were about $10-$15. The hotel staff were very friendly and helpful. Would definetly stay there again.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	5	5	4	

<Author>MattskiErie_PA
<Content>Great hotel off the beaten path We recently stayed in this Pacific Heights gem. The room was excellent, the breakfast was so big we could skip lunch, and we were able to pick up the hotel's wi-fi in our room. We had stayed here on our wedding night and were back in San Fran for our 20th anniversary and were really happy. It is on several bus lines and you don't have to deal with all the tourists and street busy-ness of downtown. The staff took great care of us and we will definitely stay here again when we return.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Marassa
<Content>Charming Victorian hotel       The room  
<Date>Sep 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	3	4	4	-1	-1	

<Author>kfcooke
<Content>Nice stay at Queen Anne My boyfriend and I stayed for four days at the Queen Anne from 8/20 - 8/26. Our room was huge both times (306  217) with comfortable beds and nice, period decor. There are coffee makers in the rooms, nice TV's with cable, and also mini fridges handy for storing leftovers. The bathrooms were nice with decent water pressure and hot water. The only problem with the rooms was whatever they use for cleaning; it has a perfumey smell which was a little bit too strong for me, so we opened the windows during the day to air things out for the evening. The lobby adjacent to check-in is a nice place to hang out - interesting Victorian furnishings and multiple fireplaces with coffee available around the clock. We brought back a bottle of wine from the convenience/ liquor store next door one night, the front desk gave us a winepull and some glasses, and we relaxed for an hour or so on one of the sofas.  The neighborhood (Pacific Heights) seemed very safe, and it's pretty quiet. If you have noise issues, ask for a room further back from the front of the hotel facing Octavia rather than Sutter Street. We experienced very little noise in room 306, whereas 217 was a bit noisier (right at the front of the hotel facing Sutter). Our favorite thing about the neighborhood was how relaxed it was, it felt more like a real taste of San Francisco versus Union Square, for example, which felt like it could've been plopped down in any big city. Japantown is just down the street on Sutter, walking down Bush Street we saw lots of cute, Victorian gingerbread houses, and three blocks down Bush St from the hotel is the Fillmore district which has amazing little boutique shops, coffee shops, restaurants, and bars, which we really enjoyed. The breakfast at the Queen Anne was pretty good, although I've had better. However, the breakfast room is neat and serviceable, and there are a decent selection of items, including various breads, bagels, muffins, pastries, sausage patties, hard-boiled eggs, cereal, juice, coffee, and tea. The only fresh items were bananas and orange slices, but we were happy with what we ate. As far as transportation, we generally took taxis, which were reasonably cheap, although there is a bus stop one block from the hotel that heads downtown and will get you to Union Squre within five minutes or so for $1.50 cash. We also walked from the hotel down to Chinatown and the Embarcadero one day, which took maybe 45 minutes, and was a great way to see the city. You can get to/from the SFO airport easily using the BART subway system; we just got a taxi to take us from the hotel to the Civic Center BART stop, and it was a $6 ticket/25 minute ride straight there. While downtown, we used the MUNI system of trolleys to get around, which was also cheap at $1.50 anywhere you want to go on the line. We paid cash (exact change required) to the driver each time, but you can also get a MUNI card, which might be a little cheaper, depending on how many rides you take. As far as fun things to do, we had a car for two days ($15/day to park at the Queen Anne with first-come/first-served parking) and traveled to the Napa/Sonoma area one afternoon and hit a few of the wineries for tastings. It took about an hour to get there, and most of them close by 5 pm, so don't get up too late. Beautiful scenery, nice wines, tons of vineyards to try. The next day we drove to Muir Woods, which is an ancient sequoia forest with a walking trail. That was amazing; I felt like a dinosaur would come lumbering out from amongst the giant trees at any moment. We also hit the five-course Cirque du Soleil-style dinner show, Teatro Zinzanni at Pier 27/29; great food, great show - not cheap, but we thought it was worth it; book ahead. My favorite sidetrip was a bike ride across the Golden Gate Bridge to Sausalito. We rented bikes from Blazing Saddles at Fisherman's Wharf for around $45 each, and it was a simply astounding ride past Ghirardelli Square to Fort Point, over the bridge, and down to the cute, little village of Sausalito, where we took the ferry back across (ferry ticket included in price). Took about 2-3 hours total.  Okay, back to the hotel. We also stayed two nights at the Mosser at Market St and 4th in the midst of all the hubbub downtown, and both of us liked the Queen Anne much better. The price was about the same (~$150/night), but the location was an asset, it was much quieter, more authentic to San Francisco, the rooms were 5x bigger, better breakfast (Mosser only had muffins and coffee), better bathroom (Mosser rooms either have shared bathrooms or teeny-tiny ones), more character.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	3	5	5	-1	

<Author>DamonColorado
<Content>Parking is not free Be aware that parking at the Queen Anne is available but not free. It's $14 per day. Other than that, it was a good place to stay.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	3	3	3	

<Author>Dave6672
<Content>Relaxing and Comfortable Stay We had a very pleasant stay. The accommodations were very ornate and appealing, the rooms were very clean and comfortable, the service was great and we particularly liked the sherry and cookies in the afternoon. If there was anything that could be improved somewhat, we felt it was the breakfast in regard to the choice of offerings. It is also easily accessible by public transportation, being right at a bus stop and close to the California Street cable car line. We recommend the Queen Anne to anyone wishing to stay in San Francisco.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	4	4	5	4	

<Author>4to2red
<Content>Loved the Charm The staff at the Queen Anne did everything to make our stay pleasant after a rough afternoon, even upgrading our room. The hotel is charming and in a great location, and the parking is a lifesaver in the city! We enjoyed the sherry and cookies and all the sitting areas to relax. A much better stay than the cookie cutter hotels.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>empress-nyc
<Content>Enchanted in more ways than one! We were thrilled by this unique and charming hotel and its surrounding area of Pacific Heights/Fillmore. After many stays in Union Square hotels that could have been in any other city, this was a true San Francisco experience.The rooms were much more spacious than we had expected, and the hotel is full of interesting curios and antiques. If you are a history buff, it is a wonderful location as there is so much interesting history to the place and surrounding blocks. The walking tours of Victorian Homes and SF Ghosts both stop by or originate here. Both excellent!Our room was very clean, bed excellent, wifi worked well. The concierge and indeed everyone there was most helpful. Congrats to all on a completely enchanting hotel experience - we will be back!Caveat: If you want a full-service, room service, businessy hotel, or cant handle your own luggage in an elevator, this is not the place for you.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>AlanLee
<Content>Train your staff The owners need to be aware about their staff, particularly Alberto he was nothing short of rude on several occasions. Here are examples of the conversations that I had with him: 鈥渉as my package arrived鈥? Alberto: 鈥測es, but I don't know what time it came鈥? 鈥淎re you having problems with your WIFI today鈥?Alberto: 鈥淣obody else has complained. Speak to the Concierge鈥? When I passed a cheery looks like it's going to be a nice day鈥?Alberto replies I don't know, you can look at the weather channel. All of said with the most unpleasant tone. Virtually anything you asked for to were told to speak with the Concierge, Concierge Roberto, only works from 16:30 Thursday, Friday and Saturday. When Roberto is away the desk is nearly always unmanned. Maybe they just expect you to wait. We booked a 2 Queen superior room, a very nice room, however, we had to move. The reason was due to the elevator, being right next to the room it was very noisy. The street noise was a problem, from 6 am onwards until late at night. There is no air con so if you need to open the windows it's impossible to sleep. You will also see comments on trip advisor about the amount of light coming in through large gaps in the door frame. Eventually we were upgraded to a nice room but only after refusing several alternative rooms which were effectively downgrades. We had to wait to see manager Michael, although nice he seemed at a loss as to what would make us happy, fortunately, I had seen a room 410 that is a nice room and was moved. If you like to have a bath then it will be a problem , they are all small in depth but the showers were good The beds were comfortable, the furniture in good condition I asked for 2 light bulbs to be replaced even pointing out there locations in the room, this was never done. This was my second visit. so I more than appreciate that it is not the Ritz Carlton, however, I can clearly remember the staff in 2001 and what a contrast!! Where have they gone I wonder? Most likely to other establishments who pay more and expect more from there staff? In the middle of a recession The Queen Anne management needs to do some serious thinking because they are going to losses business. So here is goodbye to The Queen Anne.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2008
<Rating>2	4	4	3	4	1	-1	3	

<Author>Carolwt
<Content>Comfortable Neighborhood Hotel Situated adjacent to Japan Town and easy walking distance to the Filmore District, this Upper Pacific Heights Victorian is a great alternative to bustling (and noisy) Union Square and corporate hotels. Great Bus access to all of SF outside hotel on Sutter. We stayed three nights: our double queen room was adequately furnished and included mini fridge and coffee maker, although with coffee readily available in salon, not necessary. Furnishings and decor are Victorian/eclectic, which may not be my preference, but do create a charm that is consistent with architecture. Every time I stepped out of my room I felt like I was in one of the older European hotels that I find charmingly acceptable in our travels -- ie, this isn't a Four Seasons or Omni -- if that's what you need! (those are good too..., but this is a more intimate/casual alternative)What counts: room was clean, beds comfortable enough and bathroom a modern, clean remodel, although water pressure in shower could have used a good boost. Windows that open (quiet at night... noise picks up in A.M. with buses, etc. ) Staff: helpful -- especially concierge staff who assisted us with transportation needs. Best: convenient access to all that SF has to offer without staying in the center of the tourist districts (union square or wharf) -- add in a continental breakfast and reasonable charge for parking if you need it and the Queen Anne is a winner. (we did need to skip the continental breakfast one morning to indulge in La Boulangerie in the Fillmore district...) There are decent dining options close by and easy bus transport to others. If you want the feel of living in SF, stay at the Queen Anne, hop on a bus and walk. SF was just voted the most walkable city in the US by walkable.com and we couldn't agree more!  
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	3	4	4	

<Author>maranasam
<Content>Great Stay, Excellent Value Stayed here three nights. Location is a strong point. If you have a car there is a hotel owned lot across the street with in and out privileges for just $16 per night. The neighborhood is quiet with everything you need within walking distance. A convenience store is right across the street. A bus to the downtown area is just across the street. If you are a senior the fare is 50 cents, other wise it's a buck fifty.Our second floor, front room was large, airy and very comfortable. There was some street noise, but everything in San Francisco seems to be right on the street. Hotel staff is very helpful and welcoming. The breakfast is a cut above the normal. Parts on this property are a little shop worn but that just seems to add to the genuine Victorian decor and atmosphere. Walking up and down a grand staircase to our second floor room was fun and unusual. There is also a good elevator if you need it. The Queen Anne, in addition to being an excellent value, is fun and convenient. We will stay here again and recommend it to others.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	3	5	-1	5	

<Author>Aztec_Tripper
<Content>Charming hotel in good location Old but beautifully maintained, with high quality traditional furnishings. We had 2 rooms for 5 days - both were big smart rooms, very well cleaned. Large beautiful lounge in which free sherry/coffee and cookies are served for residents each evening. Breakfast is well presented and more comprehensive than motel fare. Staff are very friendly and helpful - it feels like a family run hotel.My only disappointment was the lack of in-room coffee maker.Parking is available across the road at $25, and the excellent Muni bus service stops right outside. Highly recommended.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>boozyjunior
<Content>Great little hotel in the real san francisco Great little hotel out of the way but if you have got a city pass you can catch the tram down to the main attractions. Very good staff and friendly. Extra bonus was the free parking on offer as parking in san francisco is very hard to get. Very old typical san francisco hotel which had loads of character, offers free breakfast in the morning too which was very nice. Also if you are in between 4 - 6 pm you get free cherry and biscuits in the lounge. We stayed here for 6 days and enjoyed every minute of it, loads of great restaurants to eat at and plenty of shopping to do too. We went to alcatraz on a night tour which i recommend booking before you go as i gets very busy. Also hired some bikes and did a 16 mile bike ride and caught the ferry back. Had a great six days  
<Date>Jun 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Lorenzo71
<Content>Like stepping back in time The Queen Ann did not dissapoint.We were looking for a Hotel nere the Filmore District and this was a perfect location. The interior is amazing and a refreshing contrast to all of the faceless chain hotels that are being built.Darlene found us a special room to celebrate my wifes birthday.The only thing missing is a bar, although you do get a free glass of sherry if you are back in time.  
<Date>May 25, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>CaliforniaSummer
<Content>Great Experience A very special thanks to Darlene who found us a beautiful room with a fireplace. It was so comforting to be nestled in bed and watch the flickering flames in the fireplace.I will recommend the Queen Anne to everyone, and we will be sure to return.  
<Date>May 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>katparkinson
<Content>fantastic!!!!! highly recommended! we absolutely loved the queen anne! the rooms are gorgeous and you can see that somebody decorated them with a lot of love. amazing little details that make you feel like a queen (or a king) on holiday.the staff is extremely helpful and knows a lot of tips that you would not find in a guide book. if we ever return to san francsico, we will make sure to stay there again!!  
<Date>Apr 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Futuredesigner
<Content>Convenient, great staff With some forethought and a little luck, the Queen Anne can be a gem. We booked a one-bedroom suite and were given room 404. It really wasn't up to par, so we asked to be moved and were given 414, which was a gem. This room has a turret and has been recently refurbished with new windows, new furniture and bedding. The bathroom is spacious with room on the lavatory sink and tub to put your sundries. If we go back to San Francisco, we'd request room 414.Included in the price of the room are sherry and cookies in the late afternoon from 4-6 p.m. and a passable breakfast in the morning. The staff was amazingly helpful and kind. We were treated almost as family. Manager Michael arranged our room move with sensitivity and speed. People on the front desk were friendly and helpful. Concierege Roberto recommended great neighborhood restaurants in the Fillmore area and rescued an evening out. We had booked tickets for a performance in the Rrazz Room at the Nikko hotel online, but when we arrived they had no record of the booking. I had left the confirmation slip back at the hotel. With minutes to go before the performance, we called Roberto who raced to our room and found the slip. The Fillmore area is an eight or so block walk from the hotel, but the number 3 bus will take you there from right in front of the hotel in about five minutes. Fillmore is filled with little restaurants and shops, and not the standard stuff you see everywhere. We ate a lovely French meal at Chouquet and had OK Italian at Via Veneto. Reservations are a good idea because this is a happening area and the restaurants are small. Roberto will gladly make them for you.If you're over age 65, you can ride the Muni buses and streetcars (not the cable cars) for 50 cents by showing any kind of a proof-of-age ID. Frankly, most drivers never bothered to check when we asked for senior fares. Take the offered transfers. They are supposed to be good for 90 minutes, but, again, the drivers rarely checked.A block and a half from the hotel, you can catch several buses to Union Square and the financial district and the number 2 to the Ferry Building. From there, antique streetcars run along the Embarcadero to Fisherman's Wharf. A note of caution: the cars are jammed in the late afternoon with returning tourists, so you may not get on unless you go to the Wharf.We rented bikes from Blazing Saddles at Pier 41 on the Embarcadero for a ride across the Golden Gate Bridge to Sausalito for lunch and a ferry ride back. It makes for a great half-day experience, and we were blessed with incredible weather -- sunny and in the 70s. Memorable.All in all, our stay at the Queen Anne was lovely. Two fireplaces in the lobby made homecoming a joy. The rooms can be a mixed bag but some, like 414, are downright special. This hotel was built more than 100 years ago, which means some small compromises, but not many. Don't expect the spit and polish of a chain. The location is quiet and a bit away from things, but excellent public transit resolves that.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>twoDC
<Content>Charming! Helpful!       in the parlor  
<Date>Apr 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	-1	4	5	3	

<Author>acgypsy
<Content>Grace and Convenience We just stayed at the Queen Anne in San Francisco and were quite pleased. The staff was very helpful and the room was beautiful. We had a room that included a little sitting area in the turret. The hotel was very convenient since there are bus lines that run along Sutter St or on the main streets nearby. We walked all through Pacific Heights from there and down to Fisherman's Wharf. After an exhausting day of sightseeing, it was easy to return using mass transit. The convenience of the busses made our room which fronted Sutter St a little noisy, but I didn't find it so bad that it kept me awake. The decor made me feel that I had stepped into someone's sitting room and I was their guest. Breakfast was good and the staff very helpful. We will definitely recommend this hotel to our friends and consider staying again if we return to San Francisco.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	3	4	4	3	

<Author>TedandSally
<Content>Very disapppointed During 2 weeks in March we stayed in Las Vegas, Yosemite National Park, San Francisco, Santa Cruz, Santa Barbara and Santa Monica. The only disappointment we had in our accommodation choices was this hotel in San Francisco. The hotel is run down and in need of a complete upgrade. Housekeeping is of a mediocre standard (carpets hoovered in the middle but not at the edges, mildew in the bathroom, poor standard of decoration etc.) and breakfast served was more hostel than hotel. This has the potential to be an excellent hotel but it is not.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	2	2	3	2	2	

<Author>Chaz1202
<Content>Excellent, Hotel, quiet location, but so close to the city       Another view of room 415  
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	3	4	4	4	3	

<Author>moserbike
<Content>a great place to stay in S.F. This is my regular hotel in San Francisco. I used to get there relatively often, but it had been a few years since my last trip and I was happy to find the Queen Anne to be just as welcoming and comfortable as I remembered it. The fact that it's in a great residential neighborhood somewhat off the main tourist track is a big plus.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>txsunshine06
<Content>Convenient location, good value The Queen Anne hotel has wonderful furnishings, quirky old elevator and warm and inviting atmosphere. The wooden staircase is truly magnificent. The staff was great and truly knew the area. They gave excellent directions and recommendations for dinner. With all these positive things, it is sad that the breakfast is boring and below average. The whole building could use a deep clean as all doors, door facings and walls that I came into contact with were dingy and needed cleaning. The bathrooms (toilets and showers) were clean and the bedding was clean, I just felt that the overall was a little shabby and becoming a little run down. The ladies restroom in the parlor is missing some tiles in the flooring. It is just sad that the management is letting this hotel go down hill as it is really quaint.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	3	3	4	4	3	

<Author>WindyCityRealtor
<Content>Charming hotel, good location, large comfortable rooms Our friends selected this hotel, and we were trying to adhere to a $200- per night budget in San Francisco. These rooms fell well within that range, and when we arrived, we were upgraded to larger suites. Ours had a turret sitting area on the top floor, and their room was huge. Very clean and comfortable. Good beds and an adequate breakfast. If you like red, you will love this hotel. Very Victorian furnishings and spacious public rooms. Modern granite baths.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>Dr-Suzy
<Content>Spectacular Hotel and Wonderful Employees We flew in from the East Coast and couldn't have been in a worse mood. Our flight had been delayed for 3 hours, we missed dinner with our friends, and the rental car agency couldn't find our car reservation. The moment we arrived at this beautiful hotel it was like all these problems disappeared: Darlene checked us in and gave us a tour of where breakfast was to be served in the morning and some of the do's and don'ts of the city. I have stayed at some very high end hotels and believe me nobody cares who you are when your check in. The room we got was perfect from top to bottom with a romantic fireplace. When we woke up the next morning we were able to be dropped downtown in the hotel's complimentary limo. Talk about style!!! To be honest we booked this hotel because the Hyatt was sold out, but when I come back to San Franciso I will not stay anywhere else. Please don't ever change.PS I loved the afternoon cookies and Sherry.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Garj
<Content>Just like the website ... Spent the last 3 nights of our honeymoon here. Their website doesn't lie - the communal rooms were exactly as pictured on the site - just like staying in a Victorian hotel! We upgraded to a one bedroom suite which was great. Like many hotels in America, wouldn't bother getting up for the breakfast but would recommend the afternoon biscuits or cakes! Highly recommended!  
<Date>Sep 18, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	3	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Lizzy9
<Content>A charming hotel!       our room  
<Date>Sep 16, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	4	4	5	

<Author>loopeyloo
<Content>great stay We stayed at the Queen Anne for the first 3 nights of our Honeymoon and we thoroughly enjoyed our stay. The hotel has character, brining the Victorian days back to life, whilst having all the up to date appliances. The breakfast was basic but lovely and the rooms were kept immaculate. Our only dissapointment was that we never saw a 'ghost'!! The staff had put a bottle of wine in our room, which was lovely of them and we were fortunate enough to have the room with the spa bath. It was fabulous - Its not right down by the bay but staying up the hills a bit makes you go out and see other parts of San Fransisco. i would not hesitate in recommending this hotel and would certainly stay there again when we go back.Karen  Rob - London UK  
<Date>Aug 1, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gbarkan98
<Content>Classy Queen Anne The Queen Anne Hotel is a delightful place to stay for a San Francisco vacation. The price is a bargain in a boutique hotel. It is in a quiet neighborhood but close to a variety of tourist attractions. Japan Town and the Fillmore district are a short, nearly level walk away as is the Bush Street neighborhood of historic homes. For those with a car it has very easy access to Van Ness, the 80 Fwy to the East Bay, Golden Gate Park, and downtown. Also the parking fee at $14 per day is half of the price of comparable Union Square hotels. The hotel decor is a San Francisco treat, but the real treat is the staff and service. You really can sit in the lobby/lounge area, have a cup of tea or an afternoon sherry, meet fellow travelers and unwind. The staff is genuinely friendly and helpful. We go to San Francisco two or three times a year and will definately return to the Queen Anne.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Anna O'D
<Content>Quirky hotel in a quieter part of town The Queen Anne is at the corner of Sutter and Octavia and a 15-20 minute walk from Union Square. The area is predominantly residential, and there isn't much going on in the immediate vicinity.As evidenced by the photos on the website, entering the Queen Anne is like stepping back in time. Thick pile red carpets are paired with dark antique furniture and red wallpaper with touches of gold. The unfortunate by product of all these period touches is that the whole hotel smells very musty. My husband is mildly asthmatic and his breathing was effected by the dust. I think that the carpets could do with either cleaning or replacing. Our room (212) was filled with quirky period features. The bathroom was clean, with a shower (not very powerful) over the bath. There was a problem with the plumbing and our toilet did not flush properly. The heating was also temperamental and the room got very cold on our first night. Thankfully it was more effective on the second night. The hotel provide a basic breakfast of assorted breads, pastries and cereal. I can't eat wheat so had to go elsewhere.  We found the staff at the front desk to be helpful and courteous. There is free internet access in reception.The hotel does not serve food and we ate at The Maharani at 1122 Post Street on our first evening in San Fransisco. This was fantastic - the best Indian food I've ever eaten. We took a ferry over to Alcatraz from Pier 33. This is well worth the trip  doesn't have to take up more than a few hours from the day. There are a variety of different tours on offer. We opted for the headphone guide. The narrator's are all former guards and prisoners and add real colour to the experience.There are a number of places to hire bikes along the Fisherman's Wharf. We used Blazing Saddles  have no complaints. The cycle path runs along the water front all the way to the Golden Gate bridge and is a great way to see the city. Once across the Golden Gate there are lots of different cycle routes around Marin county. We didn't have time to explore but I hear it's very pretty (though quite hilly). There are numerous seafood restaurants and snack bars in the Wharf area. Menus are pretty similar  I imagine the quality of the seafood is also. I recommend the steamed crab.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2007
<Rating>4	3	2	4	2	5	4	-1	

<Author>hansutro
<Content>needs a paint brush and maintenance We usually like small boutique hotels, but in the city, that is kind of hard to find. It looked by all indications that this was as close as we would find unless we were willing to stay somewhere with 300+ rooms. Upon checking in, the desk clerk was curt and unfriendly. Having to register me, and answer other guest鈥檚 questions and answer the ringing phone without much help may have contributed to his state of mind. The first problem is that they only have 17 parking space for a property that has 48 guestrooms. I found this out upon returning from dinner at 9:30. Since this property is located in a residential area already maxed out in the parking department, we were not to happy to say the least! In addition to my grumpiness about it, they had the nerve to charge me 15 dollars parking fee, which I foolishly agreed to upon check-in, not knowing about the parking lot roulette!As the elevator door opened we were treated to a run down, shabbily maintained hotel, sort of how the lobby looks at the Disneyland Tower of Terror Ride!(I checked the elevator only works on 4 floors) Patches of unpainted spackled plaster along with scuffed and worn floor moldings greeted us on our 3rd floor entrance. These conditions obviously had been there quite a time, with no care or concern for how it appeared or what first impression one may have!Opening the door to our room, exposed us to a clean, but well worn room. Over - Painted, as evidenced of multiple coats of paint on the doors and woodwork with previous drips and nicks attempted to be covered up. The bathroom had a beautiful marble tile job, done perfectly, except that immediately adjacent to the tile, instead of a cut in electric box with the proper mounting hardware for a wall phone, the wire just sort of came out from behind the tile, then looped around the base of the wall phone which was mounted to the wall with one screw. Thus allowing the phone to swing from side to side if you decided to lift the handset or replace it back on the hookswitch. ( nice touch), The door to the bathroom also during the night would hit a high point on the tile floor, causing a nice screech, nothing like the old nails on the chalkboard, but something unnecessary in a place where the handyman actually gives a damn about his work.The bed was comfortable enough except for the unavailability of feather pillows, so that we were stuck with our head perched up on foam pillows all night didn鈥檛 help. The sheets although clean, had seen better days since my wife commented on how thin they had become from repeated washings. The condition of the room was ok, but again the lack of attention to the small details was evident! Amenities such as an in room coffee pot are nice, but you would think they would also include sugar, sweetener or a packet of cream substitute to enjoy with the coffee.Since none were found, I trekked down to the dining room to discover an equally hap hazard display of their breakfast fare. A almost empty fruit bowl, with 1 apple left, empty coffee carafes and small Danish pastries that were actually cut into quarters. Since the hotel advertised that breaksfasts were included, I found this to be quite un acceptable in the amount of food presented to the guests. The night before I had asked the clerk upon returning to the hotel for the night where the ice machine was located. I was told that it was un-accessible to guests and that the sole staff member would have to fetch the bucket for me. You would think that in this business they would have one somewhat centrally located in order to serve the guests more comfortably.All in all it just appears that either the management doesn鈥檛 care about how their property is perceived doesn鈥檛 want to pay for extra staff or the combination of the two. The sad thing is that this property could really be a nice 1st class place with a little attention to detail! If all you want is a bed to plop down on, and you don鈥檛 care about anything else then you will love this place, if you鈥檙e looking for some nice touches, some luxury, some helpful staff then don鈥檛 come here.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2007
<Rating>2	3	3	3	2	2	3	2	

<Author>anon2007
<Content>poor housekeeping and breakfasts This hotel is quite comfortable but is let down by the poor housekeeping, especially cleaning, and wholly inadequate breakfasts. Presumbaly the owners are unwilling to be enough staff a decent wage to carry out these tasks properly.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	4	1	3	1	3	

<Author>Siobes7
<Content>Fantastic Charm We spent 3 nights at the Queen Anne. If you are looking for a different kind of place, off teh beaten path, with lots of Charm, this is a great place.The downsides first: it was a bit far from the main tourist attractions but that didnt stop my husband and I from walking everywhere - in attempt to save some cash, and actually see the city, we made 3 walks from various points in San Fran (i from the golden gate park, 1 from teh ghirardeli factory, and 1 from the train stop on embarcadero) all of which were far points as seen on a map, and they took 1-2 hrs to walk. It was a bit tiring, but it was great to see the different neighborhoods and houses and views from random spots in the city. (Keep in mind, we could have easily gotten a taxi or bus, we just chose to walk)Now the ups- the people who worked there were absolutely wonderful, they were very nice and helpful. The hotel itself, and the rooms were so wonderfully filled with character and charm; it was much more preferable to staying in the typical hotel room... mind you, it may not be necessarily as spacious - our bathroom was a bit small, but i definitely preferred this hotel to most others i've ever been in. It was quiet; they had a full dining area for the breakfast in the morning.. (typical continental breakfast) they provided a towncar drop-off service in teh a.m. you just had to sign up for it... they had a great map of the city which we used to get around the entire city with... free internet access, with a comp in the lobby for all to use, in case you didnt bring your own; They actually had someone who did a ghost tour of the queen anne and surrounding areas, which unfortunately my husband and I did not get to go on.... All in all, i thought this place was so charming we would definitely be going back if we get back to san francicsco.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Angela_Elaine
<Content>A good deal Pros: Our room was simple but clean and spacious by San Francisco standards. The service is good and well-intentioned, if slightly odd and certainly not hip. The hotel offers a shuttle service in a towncar if you care to wait. Parking is free across the street. Free cognac and cookies at tea time is a nice, welcoming touch.Cons: The rooms are a bit worn (but clean), rather spare and don't quite live up to lobby or the pictures on the website. Christmas decorations are over the top and last past New Years. The location is also a bit out of the way, but the tradeoff is free parking and cheaper rates.Considering making reservations at the restaurant Quince down the street for your first or last night when you don't feel like messing with taxis or the bus. But be warned that although the atmosphere is neighborhood, the prices are not a bargain.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	2	4	4	4	4	

<Author>saraquails
<Content>What a lovely hotel!               More photos  
<Date>Mar 8, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	3	4	3	

<Author>22man
<Content>Slightly Shabby, Great Location This 19th century girls' school has an atmosphere that might be characterised as New Orleans Brothel in its public areas, but we found it quite pleasant. Our room was a tad worn, but nothing serious. We had booked a superior room, but did not get one.The concierge was very helpful and the staff in general treated us well. The parking, across the street ($14/day) is a deal and the hotel location, near Japan Town, is a good central point for walking the city.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Rafs
<Content>Lovely We stayed at this hotel in our honeymoon, and it's a great hotel, the neighbourhood it great and fillmore st. it's just a few blocks from here. If you are the kind of person who likes to walk and enjoy to sleep in a quiet place, this it's the perfect place.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>stoliandtonic
<Content>Just Romantic Stayed for 2 nights on a weekend and both my wife and I were very comfortable. Due to problems with other hotels when customers arrive late I was fearing the worst however we had not problem at all. The staff was very friendly, accomadating and informative. The lobby was incredibly decorated for Xmas with several Xmas trees, decorations and 2 fireplaces lit. Very romantic lobby. The entire hotel is Victorian with a chandalier even hanging in the elevator and high ceilings in the rooms. Our bed was very comfortable even for us with bad backs. We had the deluxe room w/king bed and fireplace which was very nice and had a very large bathroom with a bidet. I'll have to admit I was intrigued by the rumor of the hotel being haunted and was hoping to see or experience something but nothing came about. We couldn't even imagine it being haunted either, it being so cozy. The general location of the hotel is very nice. on a hill in a nice area of town you can walk around in. We walked frm hotel did some shopping and even took a bus. Overall a great time.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>assuscholars
<Content>The Queen Anne did us proud Our party of 12,all from several countries abroad ,met in San Francisco for a 50th anniversary reunion in October .The preparations and logistics , as well as helpful suggestions , were performed most efficiently by the Queen Anne management .A friendly welcome,discreet service and comfort contributed to a pleasant and succesful 5 days event.The location was excellent for public transport,restaurants and shopping.However,taxis were in short supply at the height of the tourist and conventioneers season .  
<Date>Nov 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>LT7744
<Content>Victorian San Francisco Stayed four nights at this little gem of a property in San Francisco. It is a former (1800's) girls boarding school turned into a small boutique/ B  B hotel. Located in a regular neighborhood in the City, it's a short 2 block walk to Japantown and 4 blocks in the opposite direction to the Cable Car line. It's also a short drive, if you choose, to all the San Francisco sights  attractions. The hotel is Victorian style both inside and out. Rooms are comfortable and reasonably priced. They offer complimentary breakfast in the a.m. and tea  sherry in the afternoon. A real plus is that they have their own parking, which in S.F. can be critical. I found the hotel a nice place to stay and it's a bit less hectic due to it being off the beaten path of most hotels in San Francisco.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>sewandsee
<Content>Felt we were home My co-worker and I were attending a convention In SFO and felt we could not afford the convention hotel, and we we were so delighted to find the Queen Anne. It was farther from the hotel than we expected but this was my mistake and so were were able to meet Henry, our charming chauffeur who brought us to the other hotel every morning. Breakfast was more than adequate- juices, teas, coffees, fresh fruit, delicious cakes, bagels, muffins and toast!!!! A great start for any activity. And Activities, the concierge always had a place for us to go when we had a free minute. We loved the Victorian ambience of the Hotel, the staff that went out of their way to help you, and at first I thought our room might be subject to noise being at the top of the stairs on the first floor but we could not hear anything once we retired, perhaps that was because the beds were so comfortable and we soon fell asleep. The bathroom was roomy and there was lots of pressure and hot water in the shower.If I ever get back to SFO I will definitely stay the Queen Anne and I highly recommend it to anyone. The Queen Anne is also located in good neighbourhood and we did not mind walking back from Union Square if we weren't too tired.PS having free internet hook-up was great, seeing as the other delegates had to pay $10. /day in their hotel, plus coffee and a muffin was close to five dollars.This hotel provides great dollar value for travellers.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	4	5	5	

<Author>jaypogi
<Content>Loved the Queen Anne! The Queen Anne Hotel is absolutely fantastic! Great location, amazing interiors, friendly staff, fabulous rooms, and budget-friendly rates. Highly recommended for all travellers to San Francisco.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>GoGoGators
<Content>Great little SF hotel With the Queen Anne you get exactly what they advertise. Our room was clean, simple and fairly large. The bathroom was spacious and newly remodeled. There was one thing that surprised me and that was the bed - it was wonderful. All in all I was very pleased. The Queen Anne鈥檚 simplicity and cleanliness made it a great stay.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	3	4	4	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Decent but eerie My husband decided on this hotel for us during a recent trip. I'd say it's a pretty nice hotel. The staff is relatively friendly (some are great, others are blah, so I'd say it evens out overall), the continental breakfast is pretty good, the location is decent.Our original room didn't have a dresser in it so we asked for another room and got it without a hassle. However, I do have to say that a weird thing happened one evening. I had gotten the kids to sleep in the bedroom. When my sister, who was staying with us for a couple of nights, came back from her walk, she noticed the TV on in the bedroom. Nobody had touched the tv (the kids are both less than 2 yo, both asleep, and the remote control was on TOP of the tv). Also, I could SWEAR that I heard noises (footsteps, etc) from upstairs, but we're on the top floor. I didn't realize this hotel was supposed to be haunted until that incident, and I looked it up on the Internet.I probably wouldn't stay here again (mainly because of the haunting thing), but if you don't mind that then I would recommend it as being a decent hotel, especially if you can get a good rate.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>FelixStowe10
<Content>You will probably either love this hotel or hate it We loved the hotel. There were two reasons why:1. First it has character. The decor is Victorian and it is packed with items from that period. We really enjoyed sitting in the main lounge area in the early evening having a glass of the complementary sherry and biscuits and for the first two nights watching the start of the Ghost Tour which meets at the hotel at 7pm.The bedrooms are old fashioned in style but this might not suit everyone. There are no tea/coffee facilities in the room but the hotel usually has tea/coffee available in the lounge which I preferred.2. The staff. They were very helpful with suggestions on where to eat and other useful advice.The location in Pacific Heights was good for access to all parts of the city. We chose to walk which wasn't too difficult as the weather was not too hot. But there are many buses and cabs available if required. The hotel has its own carpark just over the road which was very helpful.We ate out at different places for each of the 3 nights we stayed there. The first night we tried the Fillmore Grill which was fine and quite close, then Pasta Pomodoro in the nearby Japan area which is a friendly Italian and serves great food at excellent prices and finally the Lemongrass Thai restaurant in Polk St - further away but great food and large portions.Finally the only critisism we had was the breakfast - choice was limited to melon, cake and toast plus tea/coffee/juice.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2006
<Rating>5	4	3	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>pussyagogo
<Content>Good Value and Spacious We had a couple of connecting rooms for a few days and we really enjoyed our stay. Its a great neighbourhood and nice and quiet. The staff were very helpful but for one snooty concierge. It's such a lovely old building. The breakfast was not much chop but for the price of the rooms we did not expect a great deal. Parking was convenient. Filmore street nearby was great for a wander and eating. They did their best to accomodate our request for a late checkout despite being fully booked. We had a blown globe and remote needing batteries which we did not bother to mention until we left and were severly chastised as there is a fulltime maintenance man and we would have liked to fix it for you immediately.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Ribena87
<Content>Would definately visit again The hotel and attractive and beautifully furnished. Our room was basic and had only a TV and ice bucket as ammenities. Our room was also situated near the lift which was very noisey. The TV had many channels with satelite. The beds were very comfortable. There is also free wireless internet avaialble which was an added bonus. The breakfasts were very nice with cereals, fruit, breads, muffins and bagels etc. The 24hour tea/coffee service was also very much appreciated. The staff were very friendly and on hand to offer any advise on the area. There are restaurants in walking distance for which a list is available from reception. The hotel is also close to Union Square but quite a long walk, we always got the bus which stops right outside. The free town transport in the morning is a must. They will drop anywhere in the town within reason. But there is only room for four people at each time slot so you have to book in advance. There is a convienance store next door so you can buy drinks and snacks. All in all we were very happy with our choice of hotel we had a very enjoyable stay.  
<Date>May 8, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>janey99uk
<Content>Loved the Queen Anne We stayed at the Queen Anne for five nights and much enjoyed our stay. We thought it was a good value San Francisco hotel, with a decent sized room/facilities and we appreciated the extras. (Breakfast, Beverages and afternoon cookies.)The continental style breakfast was great, and the 24hour tea and coffee facility was a nice touch. The atmostphere and the lounge proved a pleasent place to relax after a busy day.The staff were friendly, we particularly enjoyed our town car rides with Henry who is the jewel in the crown of the Queen Anne Hotel!!!!If in San Francisco again, we would definitley stay here.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>SallySAW
<Content>must stay here We stayed for 4 nights and couldn' t fault the place. Great location, friendly helpful satff. I would advise you to take advantage of the free curtesy car with Henry and don't miss the ghost hunt.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Charming, Hospitable and Historic Our married children live in the Pacific Heights section of San Francisco. On our way back from Hawaii to New Jersey we decided that we wanted to stay in a bed and breakfast type of atmosphere convenient to their neighborhood. We were also looking for charm and hospitality and definitely not a large chain type of hotel for this weekend. After checking out our options on the internet, we booked a 3 night stay at the historic Queen Anne hotel. Our room was cozy and very clean with a windowed view of the sunset.We felt as if we were in a home away from home. Our bed was extremely comfortable, furniture was period type and ecclectic. The bathroom was small but suitable.The late afternoon tea with cookies and wine, magazines and newspapers were a welcoming treat each day. The included breakfast items were plentiful every morning. I even received a private tour of some of their more interesting hotel rooms and was truly impressed with the service of their staff. I would highly recommend the Queen Anne Hotel if you are looking for exactly what I have described in my review. S.M.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Maybe not your taste but definitely mine!! After reading different reviews of the Queen Anne, we were a little hesitant about staying, but boy are we glad we did!! The staff was top notch, doing everything (and then some) possible to make sure that my husband  I completely enjoyed our stay! Since we're not big breakfast eaters, the continental breakfast was more than enough  the afternoon sherry is perfect way to wind down after a busy day of sightseeing.We will definitely stay again  will recommend the Queen Anne to family  friends.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>RonRockyPoint_NY
<Content>Very Nice Rooms, BUT.... We stayed in room 310, a lovely king with a fireplace. The room and bathroom were excellent and spacious overlooking the street. Although I hasten to add the room we reserved by number was not available and the desk clerk assigned us an inferior room. After refusing that room, we were upgraded to the terrific room 310. Continental breakfast is cheap but relatively tasty in a nice setting. The locale of the hotel is convenient to Japantown but not a great walking neighborhood. Concierge Roberto was a peach and a true professional helping us with whatever we needed, he had an excellent knowledge of the city. Our problems with this property are a result of the front desk staff. Two issues came up during our stay:1) We sent a package to ourselves (USPS Express mail) and called THREE times to insure they were aware of its arrival. We called to see it had arrived and were told it was turned away!! Human error was blamed when they mispelled our name in the registration and concluded the intended recipient wasn't staying in the hotel. This might be reasonable if we hadn't called THREE TIMES to alert them of the package. How many express packages with our name on them did they expect? To add insult to injury, the guy who turned it away was one of the people we spoke to! The manager did a very good job of obtaining the package prior to our arrival, but without our phone calls we would've missed an important business package. File under ineptitude.2) A party of college age men began our last night in the room above us (four floors total in this property). Music and rowdy behaviour. We let it go until 11pm when we began calling the night manager.He said he would check it out. One hour later, no change, we call again, he says I sent someone else to see so I don't know what's going on. We implore him to FIND OUT. 1 hour later no change. We call again-- he says I'll tell them again. NO results, we lie awake until our 4AM checkout for an early flight. At the desk I question the night manager who says A group was watching a movie and got excited at certain parts. What about us and the other guests, I asked. I told them to quiet down, he replied. I replied that wasn't good enough and it's his responsibility when he lets a group of people into the same room and does nothing about the consequenses.No response from this night manager (continues busy work with our checkout). I then simply stated that we would not pay for the last night and we were owed an apology. His reply I wasn't the one who disturbed you.?!?! I asked for the General manager to call me that day (never received a call). When we received the bill in the mail 10 days later we were credited the last night.In summary: lovely rooms, bush league front desk and management. We only lost a night of sleep, but that kind of service is not what we look for in a city with scores of hotels.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2005
<Rating>2	3	5	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>HCLM
<Content>Queen Anne was great We went to the Queen Anne in March for my 40th birthday. I had spefically wanted to stay in this hotel and was not dissappointed. The breakfast was great, plenty of choice and lots of it. The rooms were basic but adequate for what we wanted. The hotel staff were so attentive, they booked a restaurant for us and the hotel provided a free limo for us if we wanted to go out. I would stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bingobabe
<Content>For the price, you will not get better I had spent 9 months planning my trip to the states, constantly using trip advisor to steer me in the right direction and I was never disappointed with the hotels/motels that I chose. The Queen Anne was the first stop as we flew into San Francisco, before working our way down the coast and ending in San Diego. I would say that the previous reviews for the Queen Anne are fair in their comments, but I still think that for the price paid (about 拢70 per night), this is a great place to base yourself whilst in SF. We booked a standard room, but received a fridge and dvd player. The cleanliness of the room was good and I am always a bit fussy about this type of thing. I felt comfortable in the hotel and the bed was very comfy, which didn't help me get over the jet lag any quicker! But what really made the hotel was the other guests. Before we arrived, we really didn't think that we would make use of the sherry and biscuits every afternoon, but after walking around a disappointingly cold SF for a few hours each day, it was lovely to head back to the Queen Anne for a drink and a chat with the other guests, which often led to us not bothering with dinner in the evening!SF is a great place to spend a couple of days recovering from jet lag, with plenty of easily planned days to ease you in, but if you want some sun on your face and a more rounded picture of California, then rent a car and head along the coast road southwards, you will not be disappointed.I would recommend this hotel to friends and would definately stay there again if we returned to SF.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Warm accomodations were found at the Queen Anne Hotel, San Francisco My husband and I stayed at the Queen Anne Hotel in San Francisco in late Sept. We found the hotel to be very warm and welcoming for our stay. The room was very large and the high ceilings made the room feel open and airy. We had a comfy large bed and all the amenities were above our expectations. Breakfast was even more of a surprise compared to what some may think a continental breakfast should be. There was a wide variety of food choices for all appetites and the Sherry and cookies in the afternoon was an added bonus. Thanks for welcoming us into your lovely hotel and thanks for making us feel welcome in San Franciso. It was fantastic and we look forward to another stay sometime soon.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Spend your money somewhere else After returning from vacation, I wanted to warn future travelers to stay away from the Queen Anne. The room contained a outlet without a cover, a tissue holder holding on by one screw, and a shower which came completely apart during a shower. When we tried to check if the repair was completed to the shower or another room was needed, we were informed they were sold out and nothing could be done if the shower was still broken. I would have rather spent a little bit more and got a better hotel. I will not return to the Queen Anne.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Pindarus
<Content>Not quite royalty, but still good If you enjoy over the top decor and furniture, this is the place for you. One or two niggles prevent it from being perfect. First, the good bits. The atmosphere is very friendly, the staff very efficient and extremely helpful. The hotel is in a fairly quiet location (although this being SF there is bound to be some traffic noise)., but it is a pleasant area and attractive with good restaurants and convenient for buses to the main attractions. Breakfast is more than adequate.Now the not so good. Our otherwise very pleasant room was marred by a cracked basin, a loose tap and downright filthy net curtains. The elegant guest lounge is spoilt by having an adjoining room for smokers, and of course the smoke drifts in. Far better if they simply banned smoking on the premises, as a lot of hotels already do.Overall though. good value and the staff make up for any small failings  
<Date>Sep 19, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>bhittle
<Content>Not the best but good Stayed here for two days in August. Felt like winter with the weather which was typical San Fran. Never know what you're gonna get. The hotel itself was a nice break from usual hotels. The staff was great, friendly and helpful. There seemed to be a lot of Europeans which was neat at breakfast to hear the different languages. We had our 6yr old with us who enjoyed her own huge bed loaded with pillows. The firplaces were warming and the general feel was relaxing. Here's what needs work. The Sherry and cookies?? Tasted like gasoline. Cookies were those Costco tin type sugar cookies. Nothing homemade. Breakfast, only thing hot is the toaster, coffee, and oatmeal, you make it all yourself. Cold cereal, mushy watermelon, over ripe bananas and the cheapest way I've ever seen pastries served. They take one and cut it into four slices. Can't I just have a whole one? Decor was great, a bit thick and over done on the whole victorian theme. We paid $400 after all the taxes and fees ($14/day to park). Not sure if all the ambience was worth it. Great location though-minutes by car to the Warf and sites. Make sure you make it over the bridge to the Muir Forest-huge redwoods.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2005
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Sam & Patrish
<Content>Fabulous Place to Stay We stayed one night in mid July 2005 (far to short of stay). We opted for a room upgrade which I highly recommend but still had one of the best rates in San Francisco. We were disappointed on the delay time of our check-in, almost 45 minutes late but that was quickly washed away with the over the top room. There is nothing shabby about this hotel. The dinner recomendation to a local Italian restauant was first rate. They do try to accomodate everyone needs ie: late check out. The extra parking fee of $14 is reasonable as it is just across the street, and in a residential area. This is truly a wonderful place to stay.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Extremely Disappointing Upon entering, the hotel lobby appeared charming, but after sitting there for a while, we began to notice that the furnishings were worn, the air was musty and the guest bathroom was downright dismal.The room we were given looked nothing like the one on the photo. Be aware that the level of d茅cor in the rooms range from over the top to absolutely stark depending on the room type/rate you select. The almost see through sheets, from being worn, along with holes in them, and a strange odor, did not cost extra.The hotel staff was unfriendly and had an 鈥渁ttitude鈥? We switched hotels after the second night because someone was lurking in the hallway, knocking on the door of the vacant room adjacent to us, after two phone calls to the front desk, the problem still persisted. This led us to believe the safety and well-being of the hotel guests was of no concern to staff.We would not recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2005
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Place! My business partner and I just returned from San Francisco and I am very picky about the hotels that I stay in, so I always check out the reviews on this website. Queen Anne was the only hotel within our price range that had great reviews from all of the critics. And I have to agree with everyone, it was a clean hotel with good breakfast options and for a good price. It was close enough to the city where we could take a short drive or catch the bus but yet it was far enough away from all of the noise associated with a big town. And we were able to find street parking every night and not have to worry about paying big dollars for parking. I will definitely stay here again if i'm in San Fran.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful We booked this hotel based on Trip Advisor reviews, and we found it to be a wonderful place to stay. Hotel is absolutely charming and we wished that we had been able to stay for more than just one night when we were there in late May. Alberto, Roberto, Dennis and Darlene were very helpful and pleasant. This is one of our all time favorite hotels. We thought the Victorian atmosphere with modern conveniences in a quiet location was a great value, too. Highly, highly recommended.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DarrenSymons
<Content>Best Vacation Ever??? Hi! We are just back from San Fran and our fantastic stay at the Queen Anne. Does life get any better than being greeted at the door by a real person, rather than a uniformed 'robot'? And when your first conversation ends with 'Step thru to the lounge area and help yourself to a sherry while I check your room' you just know you are in for a great stay.The Queen Anne appears on the map to be slap bang in the middle of San Fran. In reality it is right on the doorstep of THE FILMORE which is great for shopping and eating, with loads to see, but is also a little away from the action so you get a great nights sleep.From a transportation point of view it is on hand for 3 main bus routes, and less than 3 mins away in one direction is the Cable Car and 3 mins in the other direction is the '22' the bus route that goes right thru the city from the Marina one way to the Castro in the other.The staff were great - all of them! Reception was always manned. We even managed to get booked into an obscure Russian restaurant because of them.San Fran is an excellent city, the transportation links are the icing on the cake.....I think this makes the Queen Anne Hotel the cherry on top of the icing on the cake!  
<Date>Jul 12, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BenC
<Content>If you're going to San Francisco... If you鈥檙e going to San Francisco鈥?br/>鈥aybe these days you wouldn鈥檛 wear some flowers in your hair 鈥?instead you may choose to wear some walking boots 鈥?those hills are incredible.My girlfriend and I visited the city for two weeks back in 2002 and fell in love with its welcoming, laid back and authentic vibe.We stayed in the Queen Anne Hotel on the corner of Sutter and Octavia; it鈥檚 an old finishing school for girls and apparently is haunted by a friendly ghost who likes to tuck people into bed if they鈥檝e had too much to drink. I didn鈥檛 see any of this myself (even though I often had too much to drink), but it all helps create a special atmosphere in a very special hotel.I鈥檓 not sure if he鈥檚 still there, but Roberto, the Concierge was a great guy 鈥?a genuinely nice man who would try and get to know you so that he could point you in the right direction for what you want to do.The hotel is a couple of miles from Downtown San Francisco and whilst the journey is walkable, those unbelievable hills make it pretty tiring. However, there is a lot more to the city than just Downtown and the hotel鈥檚 location means that you not too far from other 鈥渕ust-see鈥?parts of the city such as Golden Gate Park, Haight Ashbury or the Marina (which leads into the walk to Golden Gate Bridge).One of my favourite things about the hotel was that its location in Pacific Heights means that it is not in a particularly touristy area of the city; if you want to you can live like a local 鈥?chill out in Lafayette Park and take a stroll down Fillmore with its great bars and restaurants (The Grove and Harry鈥檚 deserve a special mention).You can do as little or as much as you like in San Francisco, but I would advise every visitor to try and get away from the obvious tourist traps such as Fisherman鈥檚 Wharf and the Cable Cars. It鈥檚 a truly beautiful place with great locals and I am looking forward to going back soon.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Irishlam
<Content>One of my favorite places!!! I loved it!! This is definitely one of my favorite places to stay now, and I can't wait to go back. The service is impeccable- the front desk staff are very friendly and helpful and go out of their way. The hotel itself is stunning. I fell in love with all of the victorian style furnishings. The bed was so comfortable I never wanted to leave. The neighborhood seemed safe and was quiet. The breakfast actually has a wide variety and was really good. A very large dining area as well so plenty of room for all.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Victorian Castle I've stayed in a lot of different hotels in San Francisco and to be honest the only reason I found this gem is because I was bumped from my downtown hotel. Once I arrived at this boutique hotel I realized what I had been missing. The service was absolutely outstanding. They seemed to actually care about what I wanted to do while I was in the city rather than what they wanted me to do. Anyways they put me into a room that I guarantee you would have cost me at least double if it was downtown. The front desk person walked me around the absolutely have to see lobby and then explained to me when breakfast would be served and who to contact if I had any problems. I mentioned to her that my wife and I were celebrating an anniversary and if you can believe it they sent up a bottle of wine to congradulate us. If your tired of being treated like a number you have to give this hotel a try.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Queen Anne Lives Up to Expectations       Our Room at the Queen Anne  
<Date>May 24, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Elegant Hotel with great service I stay in San Francisco at least 4 - 5 times every year. Although I normally stay at the Majestic Hotel they were sold out. So I ended up staying at this beautiful hotel that is right next door. I can honestly say that I will never stay anywhere else in the city again. We had a room with a fireplace that was absolutely top notch. The front desk staff went out of their way to take care of all our needs including booking a tour, arranging transportation, and recommending where we should spend our day. If you want to go somewhere where they'll treat you like royalty this is the place to stay.  
<Date>May 3, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lovely Hotel I recently stayed 6 nights at the Queen Anne. The room was very nice and clean. The staff was very nice and always helpful. I used the courtesy car every morning to get downtown, it was a nice departure from mass transit. In the evening after sightseeing and dinner, it was easy to catch a Bus #2,3, or 4 at any time of night/early morning. The bus stop is right across the street from hotel. The hotel is located in a very clean and lovely area of SF. I wasn't afraid to walk alone day or night. Also, there is a nice liquor/convenience store across the street to pick up soda or snacks.To my disappointment, I did not encounter any supernatural events!I would definitely stay at this hotel again. You must keep in mind that this is a quaint hotel with limited services, but the atmosphere is wonderfully old-fashioned and relaxed.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I LOVE IT! This hotel was so beautiful and every staff was so friendly and helpful! I stayed at a moderate room and it was clean and comfortable.The bathroom was clean too. I really enjoyed my stay, but only one night.. so I hope to stay again!!  
<Date>Mar 10, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>WONDERFUL VICTORIAN HOTEL, QUIET LOCATION My husband and I stayed at the Queen Anne this past weekend for a combo anniversary/birthday/Valentine's treat - we loved the location (quiet, close to Japan Town), the decor (very Victorian with loads of antiques), the service (very helpful) and the spacious room (deluxe) that we were assigned. We were a little disappointed in that we were originally promised a corner room at the time we booked our reservation, which was switched to a regular room by the time we checked in (15 minutes before check-in time), but the substitute room was very nice  quiet. Well, quiet until we went to bed at night, then we were somewhat frightened when awakened by noises (sounded like furniture moving and footsteps) coming from above us (we were on the top floor!!) Oh, and the bed started vibrating. Spooky!!!!! The staff was unable to explain the noises we heard through the night, and our only conclusion was that indeed this hotel is haunted. From what I've read on the internet, the only haunted room in this hotel is supposed to be the Mary Lake Suite, which is room 410, but we were across the hall and there was very definately a force at work there too!!The only other disappointment was the $14 parking, altho a good bargain in San Francisco, it was not guaranteed, and by the time we returned from dinner, there were no spaces left. We were able to find street parking a half block away and the hotel removed the $14 parking fee. We had agreed that we'd definately book here again, but after the scary experience with the bed and the noises, we think next time we'll go elsewhere. Too bad, as we really did love the hotel other than that.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sophie fishing
<Content>Great value, great stay Having found other reviews on this website so helpful I thought I would add one. My boyfriend and I just came back from staying at the Queen Anne hotel over Xmas. The hotel is full of character and has a great location for getting around - either by bus or with the complementary ride they provide in the morning - car hire, laundry, restaurants and walking round Pacific Heights. Staff were tremendously friendly. The price was really cheap - I compared dozens of hotels when making a choice and we got a really good rate. So wonderful sitting by a real fire, drinking tea and sherry and reading the papers in the afternoon downstairs in the lounge. Rooms were spacious and the bed was absolutely HUGE. Only slight downpoint was that the showers were not too powerful by US standards, but that was a quibble, all in all I really recommend this place. It's not a hotel in the sense of having a porter or room service - you should expect BB facilities.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>bags of character a really great hotel - draped in red velvet, full of antique furniture and oil paintings. Sherry in the afternoon was a very nice touch! The staff were very helpful and I would definitely go back.  
<Date>Dec 22, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Memorable Beautiful hotel. Warm and inviting lobby area. staff very friendly and helpful. Fun to cruise around city of San Francisco and then return to the quiet ambience of this hotel. Would definitely recommend for others!  
<Date>Dec 1, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Almost too good to be true As a six year veteran in the service industry, I'm pretty critical when it comes to issues of customer service. That's why I can honestly say that the Queen Anne Hotel was TERRIFIC during our trip October 1-4, 2004. From the very moment of check-in, the staff there defined hospitality. Courteous and polite, the front desk staff were always cheerful and prompt to our requests. For example, our first night out, we asked for restaurant recommendations, and upon arriving there, found out that Darlene had called ahead and made reservations for us! Parking is a bargain; only $14 a day for unlimited in  out. The rooms are clean, spacious and filled with antiques, giving it a classic victorian feel. The location was in a safe, quiet part of town, with great shops and Japan Town down the street. DEFINITELY recommended for anyone looking for a fantastic deal in San Francisco, ESPECIALLY those traveling by car.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel during the Christmas holidays Stayed here just after Christmas 2003. Was enchanted by the Victorian decorations they still had up for Christmas for it made the dull holiday season in LA come alive for us. Felt very cozy and well worth the money for being a former boarding school. The only drawback is that there is not really much food wise or action if you are not in the mood for oriental food or events in Japan town. Also the hill is a bit of a puffer when you walk back from the muni on Van Ness. Outside of that, it was one of the better hotels to stay at. Check in was a breeze even though Expedia did not forward our reservation. It was outstanding to me due to of instead of waiting for the room to be ready and holding our luggage, they placed us right there, (which I needed it after the six hour drive up and leaving LA at 4am) The breakfast was good, but you want to get there early to get a good choice of items.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fabulous - can't WAIT to go back!   showReview(2507248, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 1, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>John987654321
<Content>Victoriana in spades!   showReview(2479924, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 21, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Middlemarch
<Content>love Queen Anne   showReview(2305844, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 18, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gabriola
<Content>Loved the Queen Anne Hotel   showReview(2288547, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 10, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic   showReview(1845206, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 28, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The other side of gracious   showReview(1763820, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 4, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Spooky   showReview(1271855, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 2, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Thank you Queen Anne!   showReview(1218936, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 8, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just the trick   showReview(1218404, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 8, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Don't bother   showReview(432545, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 14, 2002
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>vinkus
<Content>Hotel con atmosfera storica, consigliato   showReview(20950135, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Petit s茅jour 脿 San Francisco...   showReview(17240822, 'full');   
<Date>May 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ich w眉rde dieses Hotel jederzeit wieder buchen   showReview(16599201, 'full');   
<Date>May 21, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>groquick
<Content>Donnez du cachet 脿 votre s茅jour !       l'h么tel vu de l'茅xterieur  
<Date>Apr 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr individuell und reizend   showReview(15568382, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 3, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Atmosfera retro' ma accogliente   showReview(11662122, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 8, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>honeymoon63
<Content>merveilleux hote!!!   showReview(10030584, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>agr茅able et soign茅   showReview(11454408, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 9, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Padawan
<Content>Charmant bed    showReview(8363194, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>bon rapport qualit茅 prix   showReview(11424364, 'full');   
<Date>May 28, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Atmosph猫re 脿 l'ancienne   showReview(11402802, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 2, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Niente di eccezionale   showReview(11396788, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 2, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sch枚nes altes Hotel   showReview(11392526, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 6, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>pas d acces internet   showReview(11352701, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 29, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Entrez dans l'Histoire   showReview(11335847, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 24, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

