<Author>jayne94
<Content>Fantastic Stay at the JW Marriott From the moment we arrived at the hotel, we knew that we were in good hands. Arturo at the front desk made us feel extremely welcomed. And we were able to utilize the executive lounge as well during our stay which made our trip extra special. Jeannette who often works in the executive lounge was so friendly and made us feel like family.In terms of safety/taxi use - we often left the hotel in the back area, near Lipps restaurant and then headed to the main street towards the front of the hotel and then walked a little, then we would wait for a red and white taxi, make sure it has a meter or get a price arranged before getting in. Also it's probably best to avoid very young looking drivers as well as a safety precaution. I should mention that we were always dressed very casually and that I was traveling with a native spanish speaker which certainly helped.It seemed going to Mexico City during the holidays is a great time to visit as the city wasn't as crowded as it normally gets. We also used the metro as well - very easy and cheap. On our first day we used the turibus to see the city.The weather was perfect, warm/sunny during the day, cool at night. Lots to see and do in Mexico City - great trip.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Handsomejim
<Content>They Redefined Hospitality From the moment we stepped into the hotel lobby, we knew we were in for a treat. Arturo at the front desk made us feel like VIP's. Carlos at the concierge desk treated us like we owned the place. The Executive Lounge was a special treat with finger foods, wine and drinks in the evening and a terrific place to start every day with breakfast. On our first night Janet treated us like Royalty. We spent New Years Eve at a gala celebration in the Ball Room, probably the best New Years of our 40 year marriage. I spend my life traveling, well over 100 nights a year, and the JW Marriott in Mexico City is with out a doubt the finast hotel I have ever stayed in. We hope to come back for many years to come. Thank You JW Marriott, Mexico City, and your willing, welcoming staff.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>NYC304
<Content>Great quality - what you would expect from JW Marriott The Mexico City JW Marriott is exactly what you would expect from a JW Marriott - a very nice, elegant hotel with great service. It's a very large hotel but never seemed crowded. The lobby and bar are elegant, as are the room furnishings. Everything is big - the lobby, the rooms, the bathrooms, the furniture, etc. The staff is great - extremely nice and helpful. The pool is nice - outdoors on about the 14th floor, I think. The location is perfect, right in the middle of Polanco. Overall, it wasn't a 'take-your-breath-away experience but a solid luxury hotel.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>tkolner
<Content>This Is A Great Hotel There isn't enough space on this web site to write all the great things I can write about this hotel.If you don't speak a lot of Spanish... not a problem, the staff slips between English and Spanish with ease. The room we had was clean, big, and bright. The value was over the top. Our room was on the back side of the hotel and overlooked Lincoln Park... really nice.I'm a Marriott Reward Gold, and they treated my wife and me like we were the most important guest they had ever received. The club lounge was a great way to begin the day; the staff was on the ball every morning. The hotel is situated in a very nice part of the city. We felt very safe walking to and from the zoo and many nearby museums and other attractions.Getting to and from the airport, we utilized their car service. Jose Galvan Alcala, our driver, is the guy you want. He turned each trip into a mini tour, explaining the ways of the city, while navigating those wild streets and highways with ease.If I owned a hotel, I'd send my entire staff to this hotel for a week with the simple instruction watch how they do it, because that's how we're going to do it.Way to go J.W. Marriott Mexico City. I can't wait to return.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>km_zero
<Content>Outstanding Service, Nice neighborhood, Great Views!       JW Marriott Mexico City pool  
<Date>Nov 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	4	3	5	5	5	

<Author>IUGilly
<Content>JW Marriott delivers.....couldn't ask for more I stayed at the JW Marriott in Mexico City this past Labor Day weekend with my girlfriend and another couple, and I must say I was highly impressed. From the moment we stepped out of the cab from the airport we recieved impeccable service that I have yet to see in any the many fine hotels I have been fortunate enough to stay in. Everyone from the lowliest maintenance person to the chief concierge made us feel welcome and at home, and seemed to make it their personal responibilty to fulfill our needs. The rooms and bathrooms were tastefully decorated and very comfortable. The pool and spa area were excellent, located on the 7th floor, outdoors with a sweeping view of Chapultepec park and most massive Mexican flag I have ever seen waving in the wind. Truly a majestic sight. Perhaps the best part of JW was the hotel car service. For about the same price as a regular taxi in the states, you can have a personal driver at your disposal. Both drivers we utilized were very excited to impress us with their magnificent city. At Basilica de Guadalupe, and America v. Tigres at the Estadio Azteca, the car service delivered a safe, informative, quick, and comfortable way to travel the city. All in all, the JW was expensive, but it was satisfying when we left knowing that our money hadn't been wasted. I highly recommend this hotel for anyone looking to visit Mexico City.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>travelingirl008
<Content>terrific food at Pergomino My family and I stayed at the JW Marriott for the August 16 weekend (Fri Sat Sun) The hotel is absolutely beautiful, fresh flowers everywhere, clean, shiny, and the staff is excellent. Our room was beautiful. The beds were comfortable and the linens were very nice. The bathroom was very impressive-green marble, and also very clean. We ate most of our meals at the Pergamino restaurant, mostly because my husband is elderly and it was easier for us to do so. The food, albeit a little expensive, was terrific. We had Sunday brunch there, and the desserts were exquisite, as was the rest of the food. A great selection of fresh fruit, not only your standard melon, strawberries, pineapple etc, but some exotic fruits like mango, papaya, and native cactus fruits. I definitely recommend this hotel!  
<Date>Aug 24, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JerseyRsp
<Content>Top quality hotel in Mexico City There are lots of hotels in Mexico City of all different levels. The JW Marriott is one of the top-tiers of hotels in the city. It is located in Polanco, one of the more affluent areas of the city in easy walking distance to other large hotels and a large variety of food and shopping choices.A couple of downsides to the hotel. After a while you sort of get a little frustrated with the employees trying to help you. Its built into their job that they will help. Sometimes you want to get your own coffee. Another downside is the taxis. The taxis that circle the hotel know that you are spending 200-300/night so they have no problem trying to charge you $10-15 to go a couple of miles. Third downside is that the hotel has 1 (expensive) restaurant, but that is not so much a downside because there's plenty in walking distance including the Hard Rock Cafe.But don't read these as problems with the hotel. Its a top-tier hotel with top-tier service, good sized comfortable rooms, great views, and even good TV (they get ABC,CBS channels).  
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>enofile1
<Content>J.W. Marriott Good But Not Great!       Polanco  
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>4	2	4	5	3	5	3	-1	

<Author>cgmeigs
<Content>Best Service Ever at JW Marriott, Mexico City This was our first visit to Mexico City and we stayed at the JW Marriott for 6 days using Marriott Reward Points (Wednesday, June 4th thru Thursday, June 10th). The service provided by this hotel was among the best we've experienced anywhere. Virtually, all surprises were pleasant ones. Our stay involved the use of the Executive Lounge (on the 19th Floor overlooking the National Auditorium) where complimentary snacks and beverages (including wine) were provided pretty much 24 hours per day. I've noticed from reviews of other hotels that the Service in Mexico City is significantly better than we generally get in other places. It appears that tourism is down (perhaps because of security concerns) and the entire city is trying to make a positive impression on tourists. By the third day it seemed that most of the service personnel in the hotel knew us by name (Bellhops, Front Desk Personnel, and Service personnel in the Executive Lounge). The quality of the meals served in the Executive Lounge were sufficient enough that we only ate two meals in restaurants outside the hotel our entire stay.I highly recommend this hotel and hope to stay here again in the future.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>CharlesCCompany
<Content>Awesome staff! This beautiful hotel is in a quiet residential/hotel area and just a block or so away from the Turibus 1st stop, which is the tour bus that takes you around all the sights in Mexico city. I was really impressed by the hotel staff as they went out of their way to be helpful at all times, they secured us umbrellas when it rained, and believe me it pours, and the concierge even gave me a complimentary deodorant when I enquired about a pharmacy store to purchase one! I was pleased by the hotel breakfast and room service, but I have to tell you that restaurants around the hotel can be either hit or miss, we tried one a few blocks away and it was a complete miss. There is a gym and a pool in the hotel but I didn't check them out, pool looks nice though. I was pleased with my stay and happy to be treated so nice!  
<Date>Jun 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bagsalwayspacked
<Content>An awesome place for weary travelers! IntroIncredible is the word that comes to mind describing this hotel. This place is a dream come true in our books. It has everything we could want in a Mexico City location that can鈥檛 be beat.NeighborhoodThe first question everyone asks about Mexico City is how safe is the neighborhood. The Marriott is located in Polanco a block from the military field where the President鈥檚 3 helicopters land and site of the largest flag (Mexican or otherwise) you have ever seen. There appear to be almost as many police and military in the block as civilians.Chapultepec Park is across the street and full of entertainment. The world famous Anthropological Museum is a fifteen minute walk. The Castille and Modern Art Museum are also nearby. RoomsWe spent ten days in Room 2033 with a wonderful king bed, a sofa, and a view of Chapultepec Park and the National Auditorium. The Concierge Floors are a great value with 24/7 access to the 19th floor lounge for free food and drinks. We ate most of our meals there and loved the astounding view and great service. The staff encouraged us to take any food and drinks we wanted to our room, so we stored drinks in the room mini-fridge.The only downside to the room was uneven bath water temperatures. The late afternoon ice delivery for the ice bucket and for bottles of drinking water was appreciated. The morning News in English was well written, and the maids were quiet once we told them to clean our room after 11AM.Gym, Spa and PoolMy son (20) used the gym everyday and loved it. I had a fine massage and pedicure at the spa. We both adored the heated pool鈥t was the best we have seen. My son also used the hot tub, and the view was inspiring; you could see planes flying high overhead while floating on your back. The staff supplied goggles, iced tea, and iced lemon water at no charge. We had a great lunch on the pool patio and enjoyed getting to know the many interesting guests from all over.When to Go and What to SeeWe went in May because my son had a break from college. While it was unusually hot, humid and rainy, we still managed to have a great visit. We hired a driver several days for a visit to Teotihuacan and the Shrine of Guadeloupe, a trip to several bead stores, and a long day of museums. On other days we rode the Metro or walked to museums and the Castille. There is so much to see that we ran out of time after 9 days there. The doormen offered us free cold water bottles whenever we said we were walking somewhere because they understand the perils of dehydration and altitude sickness. Health IssuesUnless you are accustomed to the mile high altitude, you must allow at least 3 days to feel comfortable. We got dizzy and nauseous due to altitude, heat, humidity and air pollution, so plan to go at a slower pace than normal. We managed to avoid serious GI issues by carefully choosing where we ate and drinking bottled drinks. Safety IssuesIt is worth the peace of mind to stay in a safer neighborhood and to hire a driver for longer trips. Driving is too hazardous for most foreigners in the D.F. We used two fantastic drivers, both who spoke English and were trained as tour guides. Their hourly rate was $30-40 US depending on where we went. The tour of the pyramids was out of this world. We highly recommend directly contacting Leo Hernandez or Gorge Gutierrez who park at the taxi stand across the street from the Marriott. They will take you exactly where you want to go when you want to go there. And get you back in one piece.Prices and ValueAs business travelers, we are huge believers in Marriott Rewards. Our room and meals in the Concierge Lounge were free. At 115,000 points for a week, this is one of the least dear large city Marriotts. In early 2008 the airfares to Mexico City were quite reasonable at around $300. roundtrip from the U.S. Museums were usually under $5 US per person and free on some days. Even if we had paid for the room, it still would have been reasonably priced compared to countries where the US dollar is so weak. Weekend rates for Marriott rooms were around $200-250. during our May visit.SummaryWe had a relaxing stay in Mexico City and are quite pleased with our experience. With just a two hour flight from Dallas, Mexico City is an excellent foreign destination for Americans. We hope to return in the near future and share with my husband what he missed when he could not leave his work.  
<Date>May 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>theresaw
<Content>Fabulous stay at the JW Marriott!! I was a little leary about traveling to Mexico City on business alone--I'm female and don't speak spanish. However, the second I checked into the JW Marriott, I felt so at ease. The property is in a fabulous upscale neighborhood with great restaurants and shopping within walking distance. The hotel is lovely inside with several dining options and nice comfortable rooms. But what I loved the most was the incredibly hospitable staff--everyone from the driver to the bellhop to the concierge and bartender were extremely friendly and very helpful!!! I love this hotel and would highly recommend it!  
<Date>May 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Fletched
<Content>Lovely Hotel with Excellent Service We had one day in Mexico City and after checking Trip Advisor decided to stay at the J.W. Marriott in Mexico City. We had two rooms booked and the hotel upgraded us to a suite with adjoining rooms which was a real treat! Tourisim is off in Mexico with the bad press hitting the states but we had no problems at all. The key is to stick with drivers thorugh your hotel and you should encounter no problems. The concierge arranged for a driver and we took a trip out to the pyramids and a tour of quick tour of the city. We saw the Catherdral, the National Palace, The national pawn shop (which was unique) and the palace of the arts. We only had a Monday and learned that all the museums are closed on Monday. Something to remember. On the way to the airport our driver took us to a shopping area that had excellent prices on silver (sold by the ounce). The only surprise for us was the charge for special drinks at the hotel. While Tequila and beer was reasonable, a Cosmo was $15 so make sure you ask about the prices for cocktails before ordeing. Overall we found Mexico City to be lovely and in fact more beautiful than our own Washington D.C. Lots of parks, fountians, culture and tons of sightseeing. We plan to go back and next time spend more time in the City.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>HollyWorton
<Content>Probably wouldn't return This is another hotel I wouldn鈥檛 have ended up at except that the other hotels I usually try to stay at in Mexico City were fully booked. Considering the value for the rates, I probably wouldn鈥檛 return. The room was pretty small considering the rate, and the small desk made it uncomfortable for two people to work in the room. I would definitely go with my usual Fiesta Americana or Camino Real instead. Location: ExcellentService: Pretty good, lots of mistakes with room service, but they were good about correcting errors. Internet connection: Great, no complaints at all. The wireless connection worked perfectly. Room: Kind of small, very small desk (only one person could work at a time at the desk). Food: Lots of variety, good food. Spa: Didn鈥檛 use it, but I think there is one. Gym: Didn鈥檛 use it, but there definitely is one.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	5	3	4	4	

<Author>djcn0te
<Content>Overpriced Some really good things about this hotel, but I don't see it as worth the extra $100 over W and Intercontinental. Beds are awesome, but I have had trouble with getting the room cool enough with the A/C. Bathroom is also very goodBuffet breakfast is expensive, but one of the best I've had in Mexico. Make sure you try the fresh donuts. Service is just average, and no recognition of my Marriott status. The gym has enough treadmills to go around, but is configured very strangely... it seems like over the years they have added more equipment in adjacent rooms and hallways.Location is matched only by the Nikko, W and Intercontinental. Great spot.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hphinc
<Content>Excellence at its finest.       View over the pool and the National Auditorium  
<Date>Jan 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Caravanserai
<Content>Fine hotel Excellent location, walking distance from the unmissable National Anthropology Museum. Polanco is a safe, pleasant district with lots of surrounding greenery. There are good restaurants with walking distance. The hotel is very good quality, although invevitably it is clearly part of a standardised international chain. The staff were helpful, friendly and efficient. I recommend requesting a quiet room, as the hotel looks over a busy road, so a higher floor is better.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>HarryfromLA
<Content>Can't go wrong - a very very very good hotel I spent one night at the JW Marriott in Mexico City just before Christmas. It was my first real experience in Mexico City, and I have to say, both really exceeded my expectations. Among the group of us who stayed at the hotel were several people who boast that they will only stay at the Marriott. Even among the Mexico City residents we were with, the hotel was second only to the Four Seasons in terms of preferred hotels, and at about 50% of the price (my room was $229 and rooms at the Four Seasons are in the mid $300鈥檚).Among the positives:1. The location 鈥?Mexico City is unlike any place I鈥檝e been to. Even flying in you are blown away by how sprawling and dense it is. I compare it to my hometown of Los Angeles 鈥?imagine flying over Los Angeles and instead of seeing detached homes everywhere you see apartment buildings - that鈥檚 Mexico City. The Marriott is located in the Polanco district at the edge of the Chapultepec Park in one of the most upscale neighborhoods in the City. There are treelined, Parisian style boulevards, great cafes which are open late (we started dinner at midnight 鈥?NY hours), and all sorts of shops. You鈥檙e very close to museums. It鈥檚 great to be within walking distance to so many places. Very European.2. The rooms 鈥?I can鈥檛 find much wrong with the rooms, they were better than just about any urban, business hotel that I鈥檝e been in 鈥?Manhattan, Chicago, San Francisco. First off, great first impression 鈥?the oversized wood doors are set within these little alcoves so that you feel like you鈥檙e going inside some sort of temple. Inside, great bed with nice comforter and cushy pillows. The bathroom had green granite countertops, a nice enclosed shower (though I felt guilty about my water consumption, the blistering water pressure was sure a treat). The door got in the way of the toilet, but not a big deal. There were stone floors throughout and exceedingly nice and comfortable wood furniture. Large windows offered great views of the City. From my room I could see the beautiful rooftop blue-tile pool overlooking the Bentley and Hummer dealerships along with a nightclub, an elementary school, a 12 story apartment building, a sprawling mansion with a prison-style wall encircling it (complete with barbed wire) and a 25 story office building, all within one block. That鈥檚 the wonderful schizophrenia of Mexico City.3. The service 鈥?check-in was flawless 鈥?very friendly, very English fluent staff with a near instantaneous processing. They seemed to have staff at every corner to assist you with where to go and the staff was genuine and warm. The people who handled the morning wake-up call (both to reserve and to wake me up) were noticeably friendly 鈥?and I like the personalized wake-ups vs. recordings. Check-out was simple. I have been to several Mexican resorts and have generally received gracious service there as well, but this was impressive for me to see in a business hotel 鈥?it ranks up there with some of the best business hotels in the US. I prepaid for a 鈥渞egular cab鈥?to the airport on my room bill (see previous posts) and it cost 3750 pesos 鈥?I鈥檝e seen the other reviews and I鈥檓 not sure if I got ripped off but I appreciated the convenience. The hotel and rooms were very spotless throughout.4. Restaurant 鈥?I had breakfast and lunch in the restaurant and thought it was very good. Reasonably priced, quick and attentive service. I love Mexican breakfasts and this one was up to snuff. A great mix of residents and visitors really gave it a cosmopolitan feel as well 鈥?neither touristy nor businessy, and that鈥檚 tough to do (and neither American nor Mexican which is great).5. Cool architecture 鈥?the lobby is pretty impressive, as are some of the great views from the hallways, and the building all in all is great. It looks a little bit dated and monstrous from the outside but it works when you鈥檙e inside. They were in the midst of redoing the lobby when I was there.The little I could find wrong 鈥?1. It annoyed me to have to pay for internet usage (2500 pesos for a full day, 1250 for four hours)I like trying new places, but if I am in Mexico City again I would like to come back to the JW Marriott first and spend some more time there. It was a very good experience.  
<Date>Dec 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>ACPACPACP
<Content>best Marriott ever Usually I don't stay in Marriott-Hotels, but Tripadvisor forced me in Mexico-City to do so - and it was a good decision!The hotel is located in Polanco, the best neighborhood in the city. Surrounded by shops  restaurants and a subway station you feel centrally located (as far this is possible in this metropole!). Service is quick, rooms are beautiful and - when you booked a executive floor - you can enjoy the executive lounge in the 19th floor from early morning with a faboulus breakfast to afternoon tea und dinner-snacks.This was definitly the best Marriott I ever stayed and I will book it again if a stay in Mexico City comes up.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Spaceace
<Content>First-rate all the way Wow... that's all I have to say! From the minute I arrived at the JW, I was taken aback by the sincere friendliness of the staff, the opulence of the lobby, and my God, the room was outstanding!Check in was as smooth as possible. I had lost my credit card en route, but was able to pay cash up front for the room and tax.The rooms were magnificent! Try your best to request a high floor room with a view of Chapultepec Park. Even though I think this side may be noisier than the side facing Campos Eliseos, the view makes up for it! In your room, you'll have a floor-to-ceiling window, colorful Mexican-inspired accent pieces. Large, comfy chair and ottoman and a deliciously comfortable bed.The bathrooms are certainly larger than the standard. Great selection of TV channels for a hotel as well. The room had a minibar and complimentary bottled water.Service was impeccable throughout the visit. The bellman never forgot my name and always had a moment to chat. Room service was good, but I didn't eat in any of the restaurants (wonderful restaurants abound in Mexico City).As far as Mexico City itself, this was my first trip and I will definitely be returning. It's much more charming and safe than anyone will ever have you believe! I took a prepaid cab from the airport with no problems (you'll see the taxi stand after baggage claim where you pay in advance, then proceed outside to a taxi). I spent time with some local friends who were comfortable in hailing a taxi on the street, but I would never do so on my own. Best piece of advice... buy a Turibus ticket. It's a double decker bus that circulates through the tourist areas of Mexico City for $12 for one day or $18 for two. You can hop on or off as many times as you want and it takes you everywhere you need to go. There is a stop across Paseo de la Reforma from the Marriott.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>FoxtrotOscar
<Content>First class business hotel Stayed here for a 3 day corporate event, and was most impressed by all aspects of the hotel. The airport pickup worked perfectly and is reasonably priced at 70USD, and de-risks any transport worries and safety concerns one may have in Mexico City.Check-in was smooth and courteous, and both of us travelling received upgrades to the executive floors completele with free wifi and breakfast in the executive lounge.Rooms are really comfortable - nothing out of the ordinary, just very high quality.The outdoor pool and hot tub are first class - go for a dawn swim and see the sun coming up over the mountains in the distance.We ate in the Italian restaurant - very very good cuisine and again, reasonably priced (at least by UK standards).Service throughout was faultless and friendly - I wouldn't stay anywhere else.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kiawahvilla
<Content>A beautiful hotel with excellent service The JW Marriott is an elegant and comfortable hotel. We stayed in a king-bedded room, with gorgeous park and city views, on an executive club floor. The bed was extremely comfortable, with crisp fresh whitelinens. All rooms have complimentary high speed internet (both WiFi and plug-in.)The services on the club level suited us very well since my husband was traveling on business, while I was vacationing and visiting with friends. Morning coffee and newspaper was delivered to our door to coincide with our wake-up call. The breakfast and the evening snack (a nice light dinner after a big Mexican lunch!), which are complimentary in the executive lounge, were excellent. The staff, almost all of whom are completely fluent in English, were invariablycheerful, friendly, and efficient. The Marriott's lobby is beautifully furnished for conversation and for waiting for friends. A panelled library room, adjacent to the main lobby, offers a more private area for reading or conversation as well as complimentary bi-lingual magazines of local interest. As others have mentioned, the huge flower arrangements in the lobby are gorgeous. I definitely look forward to a return visit!  
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Andrea152
<Content>Loved the JW Marriott We visited Mexico City for our first Mexican Wedding. We stayed at the JW Marriott and we loved it! It is a beautiful hotel located in Polanco, a terrific location in Mexico City. Our room was located on the 10th floor and we had a beautiful view of the city park. The hotel was clean and full of flowers. The service was fantastic and everyone was very friendly. I highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>beatriz22
<Content>absolutley the best place ever to stay! its a 20 out of ten! we stay here every year since it opened..easy check in,  out; warm , helpful, welcoming staff everywhere; concierge is the best, great security, food good, amazing spa and pool !comfortable beds beyond belief, comfortable good sized rooms with cable tv and air conditioning of course, and 3 phones;cleanliness everywhere, and its in the best part of town!!!I Wish I was still there!!!,  
<Date>Sep 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Boganvillas
<Content>A Class Act I stayed at this fine hotel August 9-11 using Marriott points. I can truly say it is the nicest hotel I have ever been to in Mexico. It was very clean and luxurious. The pool and spa area were very nice. The nearby area was safe to walk around. I would say it earns its 5 star reputation. I was told by one of the bellman that the hotel fills up to capacity on business days with business travelers but is rather quiet on the summer weekends. Aside for a lovely wedding party I'd say this is quite true. There is a Starbucks right across the street as well as a Bentley car dealership. The hotel is located next to a W Hotel and down the block from a Hard Rock Cafe. There are lovely parks in the area. I felt quite safe walking around nearby. The purpose of my trip was to visit museums and the 100 year exhibits for Frida Kahlo. The front desk at the hotel gave excellent directions for arranging the museum visits. One thing of note is that the recommendation (in several prior reviews) that you have the hotel staff call a taxi for you must be qualified with more detail. If you walk up to the staff standing outside fo the hotel and ask for a taxi they will promptly call a large Suburban or Lincoln Town Car and you will pay about double or more. I read about this issue here on Tripadvisor as far as to watch for this practice when buying a taxi ticket to your hotel from the airport. The first booth I went up to at the airport noted the rate to the JW Marriott as $300 pesos. I noted that the picture of the taxi looked like a suburban and asked for a smaller taxi. (I was alone.) It was only at this point that the large taxi booth pointed out the booth two windows down where the taxis were much smaller. I ended up paying $170 pesos for the ride from the airport to the hotel. This same thing happened at the hotel. On Saturday August 10, as suggesested here on trip advisor, I went out to the bell/valet stand and asked for a taxi. I was planning to visit 3 museums. I ended up in a Suburban with a very kind driver named Gustavo.He took me to the three musuems over a period of 6.5 hours. Since the hotel had ordered up the driver for me the first leg of the trip from the hotel to the Museo Bellas Artes was $180 pesos. After that I arranged for Gustavo to pick me up and take me to the next two museums (Frida Kahlo's blue house and the Trotsky Museum.) The total cost for the next four hours was about $47.00 US. I felt this was worth it considering I was female traveling alone and I only had one day to see the exhibits and felt very safe with him. He waited near each museum and was ready to go at my request. His vehicle was clean.On Sunday when I was heading back to the airport I requested a taxi to the airport and was told by hotel staff that it would be $300 pesos. I said I don't want a big taxi. I just want a taxi like the small one that took me from the airport to the hotel that was $170 pesos.... The hotel staff said oh you mean you want a REGULAR taxi? as if I was crazy....I said I want a regular, safe, little taxi. (I had just seen a couple leave in one and they appeared to be going to the airport and not to their death....) Hotel staff then called a regular  taxi for me and it arrived in about 4 minutes. The driver spoke only Spanish but he was told to take me to the airport. When I asked the cost I understood that it would depend on the meter in the taxi and traffic. I arrived to the airport within about 30 minutes and it cost me $130 pesos, plus tip. I felt perfectly safe the whole time.The main point is that if you ask for a regular taxi, and there are certainly safe taxi that are not limos, these will cost about half the price of those which the hotel will call for if you don't ask for regular. That said, the cost of the larger limo type drivers is not terribly unreasonable. Note: these drivers will also negotiate a cheaper price if you pay them directly and do not charge it to your room. The current stated rate is $280 pesos per hour if you charge it to your room and $200 or less per hour if you pay the driver directly.That said, I highly recommend the JW Marriott Mexico City, especially to single female travelers.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>JSACKS
<Content>Outstanding Marriott more than meets expectations Spent 5 nights at this lovely hotel with my wife on a semi-honeymoon where we attended my godson's wedding. It was even better than I had been led to believe from reading TripAdvisor write-ups. We had a deluxe room which was in fact an ordinary room but it had a huge king bed about 7 feet long and wide with masses of soft sheets, pillows, and a vast comforter, and a luxuriously spacious and well finished bathroom with bath and shower. Minibar was well stocked with delicious drinks. The living was immensely comfortable and room cleaning service was very thorough and timely. The outdoor pool was more than adequate and heated to about 85F. Views from our room over the historic Chapultepec park and castle and also the city generally were breathtaking. Daily buffet breakfast was very tasty, rich, and diverse, and beautifully presented. Service everywhere was impeccable and gracious, very impressive indeed. Location was gorgeous, in the well heeled Polanco district where it's safe to shop, eat, stroll, day or night. A great pick and a winner for us even though it was rather more expensive than almost every other 5 star hotel in Mexico City. If I can afford it, I plan to stay there on every trip in the future and with my whole family next time.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Shibi
<Content>Very nice! We were pleasantly surprised about the hotel as we booked sight-unseen online. The room was perfect and we were able to check in early, eat a great room-service breakfast and recover from our red-eye in peace. The entrance and lobby were a bit opulent for our taste, but the service was impeccable. Our only disappointment was that the pool and spa area were under construction. We would have appreciated a little warning that the amenities were being renovated. Otherwise, we will definitely consider staying here again in the future. Maybe this Navidad!  
<Date>May 6, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Paul_A_274
<Content>First Class Excellent hotel in the Polanco district, if your credit card can stand it ! Probably the best Marriott I have ever stayed in, with excellent service / friendly staff. If you want total luxuary on either pleasure or biz this is for you  
<Date>May 3, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	4	5	3	5	5	

<Author>nic1047
<Content>Superb in every aspect. Superb hotel located in leafy ultra-smart Polanco opposite Auditorium, Zoo (free on Sundays!) and the Bentley car dealership. Had the pleasure of staying at this immaculately presented hotel over the last 6 years and have enjoyed each stay, enhanced by the welcoming but discreet English speaking staff. All 10 or so rooms sampled so far have been similar, a tad belwo average size, reasonably quiet and immaculately furnished with a slight rustic twist, with the bathrooms scoring 10/10 mainly for the glass doored 'bath chamber'. Elite Silver? members get to use the top floor lounge with free buffet. Several TV channels are in English and at least one in German. The outdoor pool and juccuzi area where you may have to move around a bit if you wish to stay in the sun were refurbished Feb 07. Piano bar pricey. Having 3 other hotels in close proximity means there are many top quality restaurants within easy and so far safe walking distance offering cuisine from various corners of the globe, plus smart bars and coffee shops right on the door step, although on my last visit found the'front' hotel restaurant to be good. Various guided tours leave from the Polanco hotels to the pyramids, Tasco, Monarchs (winter only) and other sites although the English speaking hotel limo drivers at the rear of the hotel will do the same should your budget extend that far and of course are infineatly safer in all aspects than the much cheaper beetles and similar which unbeknown to you at the time of departure could be just a 1 way journey. The Teotihuacan pyramids at the weekend are well under the 1 hour on the road and make for a very enjoyable day. My third visit was my first with a guide and most enjoyable. For the more adventourous the clean and easy to navigate subway is just a short walk and for the suicidal renting a car is an experience but possibly worth it just for the twisty climb out of the city on the Acapolco highway to Curneavacia. The airport is typically 30 minutes but can sometimes be 1 hour or I am warned more if there has been a torrential downpour.Various guided tours leave from the Polanco hotels to the pyramids, Tasco, Monarchs (winter only) and other sites although the English speaking hotel limo drivers at the rear of the hotel will do the same should your budget extend that far and of course are infineatly safer in all aspects than the much cheaper beetles and similar which unbeknown to you at the time of departure could be just a 1 way journey. The Teotihuacan pyramids at the weekend are well under the 1 hour on the road and make for a very enjoyable day. My third visit was my first with a guide and most enjoyable. For the more adventourous the clean and easy to navigate subway is just a short walk and for the suicidal renting a car is an experience but possibly worth it just for the twisty climb out of the city on the Acapolco highway to Curneavacia. The airport is typically 30 minutes but can sometimes be 1 hour or I am warned more if there has been a torrential downpour.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Ray Goldberg
<Content>Not bad but not the best Not bad but definitely not the best. Overpriced for Mexico. Air conditioning has a mind of its own. Romm not bad. bed average compared to some . Drinks overpriced. Breakfast very average for this class of hotel. Staff were good. Return??? Maybe only.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>1snappleltommy
<Content>JW Marriott in Polanco Beautiful hotel, friendly staff and gorgeous view of the park outside of my window. The concierges, Noe, Jesus and Mario, made certain that I was always on task, booking my trips and making certain I was in a safe cab. Hector the doorman and Israel the valet were nice and informative and let me try my spanglish on them. Yuria at the front desk would always wish me sweet dreams when I would book my wake up call. To say that everybody, including Roberto the room service waiter, was beyond nice is an understatement.I loved the piano bar and the piano player on Sunday nite. The only downside for me was that I would have preferred to be in a livilier area like the Zona Rosa. The cab rides to get there were safe, but alittle expensive. Overall, loved this hotel and would go back in a heartbeat!!:)  
<Date>Apr 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>drdisaster
<Content>st. pattys day in mex city... fantastic will keep it short... great hotel... great polanco location... great staff... nice room... and across the street from a great Irish pub on March 17th.... fantastic.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>treetravel
<Content>Wonderful Hotel The Mexico City Marriott is a a great hotel to stay in because the staff is so kind and accomodating. When you walk in the hotel there is a lineup of staff waiting to assist. Although we loved visiting Mexico City, it can be a scary and daunting place and we really needed assistance with our daily plans. Also - the hotel is very comforatble and was a great place to relax after a day of touring. The workout facilty  pool are outstanding and the bar is a lovely place for a margarita. The food was just ok. but there are numerous good choices in Polanco for food. One tip for Mexico City travelers: take the hotel taxi cabs  car service. Even when you are away from the hotel - call them to be picked up. My husband and I had a terrfying experience when we jumped in a taxi waiting outside a museum. The driver seemed fine at first but then we realized that we were headed in the oppisite direction from our hotel. The driver brought us to a VERY SCARY location near the airport to buy goods from a store. We thought we were being kidnapped. My husband firmly told the driver to please bring us to our hotel and he did but we had about a 5 mile (very tense)drive back.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>calilady32
<Content>Beautiful Hotel..small areas of improvement First of all this is a beautiful hotel and I would completely agree with the other reviews. The rooms are gorgeous and the beds are so comfertable. The bathroom is gorgeous and so is the remainder of the property. The concierge is so helpful make sure you get your taxis through them and do not flag down a taxi. They provide you with nice cars and the rates seemed like the were the same price and in some cases less than the cabs on the street. If you need to be picked up take a card from the concierge and call them again to pick you up. The front desk staff was a huge dissapointment. They were snooty and taxing to deal with. We got put in a room that was right above the construction and since we were on vacation we didnt want to wake up early but had no choice since they wouldnt move us. Additionaly our curtains had to be drawn the entire time since the workers literally waved at us when they were open. So if you go ask for a room away from the pool construction. Additionaly REVIEW YOUR BILLS CAREFULLY..there were errors on our bill including a $18 forced tip for housekeeping. It was a fight with the front desk to resolve. The breakfast buffet is divine especially on Sunday dont miss it..Stay away from the Med. restaurant La Griglia it is horrible. The bar is wonderful in the lobby too.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	2	5	3	

<Author>JayTea
<Content>The Best Hotel in the World My stay at the J.W. Marriott Hotel in Mexico City was outstanding. Bricks and mortar make a hotel, but the warm people make it special.I wasn't in this hotel for more than three hours before everyone, including my housekeeper knew my name. Every time I returned I felt like I was coming home. Normally, as a Canadian, I would have stayed at the Four Seasons. But I can't begin to imagine that they could have been more hospitable to me. There was nothing that they wouldn't do to make my visit just excellent.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>thielees
<Content>Nothing but nice things to say I have a lot of positive things to say about this hotel, but it looks like the other reviewers agree, so I'll resist waxing on. This is a world-class property. The lobby, hallways, and rooms are classy and welcoming. The food and drinks are great. But if there's one thing that sets this hotel aparts, it's Service. The staff are professional, firendly, and helpful. That guy who looked out for Julia Roberts in Pretty Woman would fit in just fine here. If you have any kind of problem or question, there's someone right there ready to help you or else quickly find someone else who can.Don't hesitate to stay at this hotel. It's not terribly far from the airport, either. Count on 15 minutes with little traffic and no more than 35 minutes during rush hour.Two thumbs up!  
<Date>Mar 3, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SDallas
<Content>We loved our stay The JW in Mexico City is wonderful. The staff are so courteous and helpful. They helped us arrange private taxis around the city and out to the ruins. He drove us, waited for us, and drove us back. We stayed about an hour and a half. It was hot and we tired quickly. The hotel is in a fun part of town, and we felt safe walking nearby at night. We could hop to and from the other hotel bars nearby. There was a great Irish bar across the street. Case Hevia de Miguel, again walking distance-wonderful. We also ate at Aguila y Sol which has the best mango margarita ever. We only stayed 3 days, and it was not enough time. Mexico City is wonderful, the people are friendly, and relatively inexpensive trip.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>cvqgirl
<Content>Wonderful staff and location The staff are very helpful and professional. The concierge staff helped us thoroughout our stay. I suggest tipping them as you go along rather than at the end. We stayed with two children (6 and 16) and the room was comfortable for the 4 of us, outstanding beds. The location for us was perfect as we wanted to be walking distance to the Museum of Anthropology ( a must see in my view if you are in Mexico City, even more so with the Persia exhibit currently on as it is world class) and the park for our children. It was also easy to walk or take taxis/buses to other sites. The area is quite high end, with expensive car dealerships across the road, so it might not be for everyone's liking but again it is great if you plan to spend much time at the Museum, zoo, castle, etc There were two downfalls with the hotel. One, make sure you check your bill closely upon check-out as there were numerous errors on our bill. Our reservation included a package, with breakfast and a tour included but we were charged for both on our bill. As well, we tipped the breakfast staff well in cash each morning but then we were billed for breakfast tips again on our final bill. The front desk person indicated that such errors are frequent, especially when your reservation rate includes additional perks. She was however very helpful in getting the erroneous charges removed. I also brought a print copy from the hotel website that showed what our rate included as there was some uncertainty by the front desk when we arrived. Two, our rate included a tour of the pyramids. Before we arrived, I emailed the concierge to indicate that we wanted a direct tour, with no tourist trap stops. When we arrived, we confirmed the tour and was informed from the concierge that it would be a five hour tour, which was agreeable for us given the 1 hour travel time each way. The tour company used, however, provided the typical tourist tour that took 8.5 hours with 2.5-3 hours of tourist trap stops at souvenir and restaurant stands, with only 1.5 hours available at the pyramids themselves. So make sure you clearly work out the details before you go. It would have been better for us to arrange a private tour or even gone by bus. Inspite of the above two issues, though, I would highly recommend the hotel. The rooms and staff are excellent.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>steve_ss
<Content>Wonderful service and beds We very much enjoyed our stay for 6 nights in 2 rooms between Christmas and New Years Eve. Service was excellent with friendly bilingual staff. Room and furnishings were well designed and maintained. Room service meals were very good and reasonably priced. We never ate at their restaurants. It is in a pleasant and relaxing location with all visitor needs nearby. I thought Polanco would be too far out but we appreciated the attractive calm neighborhood after touring other areas. Special thanks to general manager Michael Rock for accommodating our special request.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>vacationbunny1
<Content>Great Service! I stayed at this hotel for a three day weekend with my boyfriend. After reading some of these reviews, I was expecting an average hotel. But when we got there, I thought it was great. First of all, it is in a great location for visitors. Nice area of town -- Bentley dealership across the street. The hotel was filled with beatiful fresh flower and was very clean. Our room was very comfortable and spacious. And lastly the staff was great. One of the best service I have ever seen. They were very helpful with any requests. The food in the hotel is very good. But that is true anywhere in Mx City. I would definetly recommend this hotel. The W hotel is next door and also great. Yet more expensive. They have a great lounge/ bar to go to at night.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	4	5	3	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good standard business hotel As a part of a business trip to Mexico, I stayed at the Marriott as well as the W and the Sheraton Centro Historico.The HotelModern, slightly souless within easy walking distance of the Anthropological Museum and Zoo. Rooms are spacious, very comfortable, if slightly dated in parts. The bathroom for me was rather dated, lots of pink marble and gold. The bath is not big enough to sit in so really it is just a shower ensuite.Bed was very comfortable, linen fine. Water provided in bathroom and bedroom which is a nice touch. The only thing that annoyed me was that despite being on the 22nd floor I could still hear the infernal pool music, which when you are trying to have a nap after a long flight is not great.FoodBreakfast was ok, nothing particularly special, an American buffet with a nod to the odd Mexican dish.If you want to eat well, go out of the hotel and try Aguila y Sol which is superb.Tour (was part of package)Interesting trip to Teotihuacan, though we did have to stop for the compulsory souvenir flogging, with the line of these are my friends and their stuff is much better than anyone else's. Guide was ok, did not really do that much guiding, drove us there and then said he could not climb any of the pyramids so we did not see him for another 2 hours. Restaurant at the end of the trip was dreadful and over-priced. Charged the same as Aguila y Sol for microwaved food. My recommendation would be to try and find a tour that only takes you to Teotihuacan, no restaurant or souvenirs included in the day.ServiceAlways attentive and helpful. Though a lot of charges did creep onto my bill that should not have been there, including gratuities (which I always leave cash for) in the restaurant. Also the tour that was included as part of the package also appeared on my bill, again these are little things that simply should not happen in a great hotel.In conclusion, this is a nice enough hotel, but not anything particularly special. I preferred the W next door as it had better service, spa, and rooms that are more to my taste. For those of you who like a good bar, the W bar is much livelier.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>kschrier
<Content>Wonderful staff! We arrived in Mexico City very early in the morning and expected the hotel to tell us to come back at 3:00 to check in--especially since we were staying there on rewards points. But to our surprise they promptly checked us in and escorted us to our clean, comfortable room. The staff here went above and beyond, even delivering aspirin from their gift shop right to our door. Car service can be arranged through the concierge and applied directly to your bill, which made it easy to venture out for dinner.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>traveloni
<Content>Pretty Nice! Just returned from a short trip to Mexico City. Was tagging along with someone on business. We were both surprised at how nice this Marriot is. Far exceded our expectations for a marriot. (didn't get to check tripadvisor prior to leaving). Everything seemed new and well kept up. Most of the staff were bilingual and all were so nice. This hotel is next to other nice hotels, the W and the hotel Nikko. Also the area is nice and you can walk to the museums and zoo (about 15-20 minutes).I would say that the facilities and service were definitely up there with any Ritz Caltons and Four Seasons out there. The only main difference is maybe the food is not as good as those hotels. Had breakfast in the restaurant as well as with room service and the food was just ok although the service at both the restaurant and room service was great.There are more car servies than taxis at the hotel. The cars are nicer but much more pricey! (but probably a safer alternative). When we went to dinner the driver (huge SUV) offered to wait, and also gave us a little tour of the cathedral near the main adminstrative center and back to the hotel and it cost about 700 pesos with tip for about 2.5 hours of car and driver. The group trip to the pyramids arranged by the hotel was a bargain at 350 pesos. The only complaint here is the guide told us not to buy from the walking souvenir vendors whose products he said were schlocky and that he'd take us to a better place with better price. Totally untrue. The place he took us too didn't have the same stuff and was crazy expensive for souvenirs. So if you want great looking inexpensive souvenirs for people back at home, get it from the walking vendors! My biggest regret on my trip !!!!  
<Date>Jun 21, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>RJB
<Content>Great service - but NOT a true luxury hotel I am a little surprised about the rave reviews this hotel gets on tripadvisor and the CN Gold List. What IS exceptional is the quality of staff, who were almost unfailingly kind and helpful over three days. However, much of the hard product leaves a lot to be desired. I expect to find the following items in a suite of a five star hotel: two sinks, a door to the toilet (and usually a second toilet in a separate room), a separate bath and shower cubicle - not a shower above a bath, brand name toiletries, fully working lights, toothbrush and shaving cream among the toiletries, flowers and fresh fruit in my room.NONE of these are in the suites at the JWM. I was also surprised to find one of the blinds in my room broken so it would not open (still not fixed by day 3) and to have the instructions to the safe made available (so you dont find that the safe is using the combination of the PREVIOUS guest!!). The only bits of hardware that are truly world class are the flowers in the communal areas, the decoration of the corridors and the quality of the changing rooms in the gym. Sadly the rest of this property, quality of staff aside, is simply a four star at best.I have an additional personal problem with the hotel. I booked a Terrace Suite for $339 because I fancied a terrace (nice outdoor breakfast, quiet drink in the evening watching the sun go down etc). I arrived here on Friday to find .... the Terrace Suite HAS NO TERRACE! I was in the right room because it said Terrace Suite on the door. Reception then told me that calling it a Terrace Suite is simply a marketing term!!! No suites in the hotel have a terrace. A Master Suite, it turns out, is what we would know as a junior suite. The bottom line is that is only a bit smaller than the 麓doesnt have a terrace麓Terrace Suite, despite the $90 per night plus tax price differential. The hotel eventually reduced the rate on my Terrace Suite to the Master Suite rate of $249 per night.I should also note that they failed to tell me that I had Club access with my suite, a fact I only discovered by chance on the last night of my stay. I also got a phone call at 12.30pm telling me I had to leave my room or pay for an extra half day, even though my package had a guaranteed 4pm late check-out.If only the Four Seasons would move to Polanco then life would be easier! As it is, you have to choose between the FS for a genuinely luxurious five star experience, and the JWM for a good quality four star hotel which is in a safe area full of bars, shops and restaurants. Weekend rates are similar, so its up to you!  
<Date>Mar 15, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A great hotel....... We loved this hotel. Our room was exceptionally clean, spacious, and well appointed. The bed was comfortable and the bathroom had a wonderful shower. The staff couldn't have been more helpful. The pool and jacuzzi were clean and uncrowded with ample seating and towels. Our only regret was that we didn't stay longer.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Shyyydoggg
<Content>Happy at JW Marriott       Shiny cow  
<Date>Feb 9, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>xoxx
<Content>Beyond comfortable and excellent service A wonderful hotel experience. The service is friendly and attentive,everyone tried to please. There was always follow-up on every request we made.The rooms are spacious and very clean. The beds are luxurious.Concierge services were excellent. Good advice on sites and restaurants. Mexico City has lots to do and this hotel, in a lovely neighborhood, is a perfect base.Highly recommend this hotel and we are picky!!  
<Date>Jan 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>LakersFan
<Content>Great Five Star Hotel       Room 1124 marble bath and vanity with great ammenities  
<Date>Sep 15, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>cienfuegos
<Content>By far the Best hotel in Mexico City       Double Vanities - Room 2001 - JW Marriott Mexico City  
<Date>Sep 14, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>GalvestonJT
<Content>Simply sensational We just returned from a five day vacation in Mexico City. The JW Marriott in Mexico City, our hotel, was sensational, possibly the best hotel I have ever stayed in. Flowers everywhere. Lovely rooms. Great amenities. And the service was the best ever. The staff knew our names after 24 hours! Very secure, also. The food at LaGriglia was excellent. What a place!  
<Date>Jun 30, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ceekee
<Content>Definitely the Marriott Just came back from Mexico and after a week in Mazatlan, had a 1-night layover in Mexico City. I booked the J.W. Marriott in Polanco for 4 people after reading posts on this sight. I thought everything about it was wonderful! The staff was so friendly,and everyone made us feel very welcome. The rooms were large and nicely decorated (this is important to me) and the beds were firm but very comfy. In the marble bathrooms were robes,hairdryers,cotton balls,lotions and every little thing you might need. There is also a room safe. We felt like we got a great price also.The area surrounding the hotel seemed very safe. It is right next to the W Hotel. There is a park close by that we walked around after a wonderful breakfast in a place close by that was recommended by the concierge. I would not really choose to travel through Mexico City Airport again (nightmare!), but if I do need to layover in Mexico City, I will absolutley stay at this Marriott!!  
<Date>May 23, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good for a timid American This is fine for those of us from America who need to be safe. The rooms were clean, service good and location is excellent  
<Date>Jan 20, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>senora
<Content>Fabulous Hyatt We stayed at the Hyatt because of the wonderful reviews on Trip Advisor and couldn't have been happier. Gracias por todo Miriam!! The hotel is lovely, great fitness facilities, and the friendliest staff in town. Having lived in Mexico City for many years in the past, I was very pleased to see how this hotel has spared no expense for their customers' every request. Great concierge service, and safe, comfortable taxis and drivers waiting at the curb - worth the extra cost for security. The drivers have a list of their charges to every major spot set, so you can ask the price up front. The executive package provides a great breakfast and light dinner served on the 19th floor by wonderful staff - English spoken. Do wander in Polanco, as it is very well guarded and Masaryk street is now the city's Rodeo Drive. The Zona Polanco market area has lots of great restaurants and shops, and is only 3 blocks away - concierge will get you everywhere in English. Easy walk to the Museum of Anthropology and Chapultec Castle - both first class. Avoid the Zona Rosa (pink zone) at all costs. The few hotels left are now in the middle of a totally decayed area. It was a vibrant place in the '70's  80's, but now most stores are for sale or for rent. Definitely not a safe place to wander any longer. If you are in the city on Wednesday or Sunday DO NOT MISS going to the beautiful Bellas Artes to see the Mexican Ballet Folklorico - Wednesday and Sunday evenings and Sunday morning at 9:30. This is not ballet as we know it, but over a dozen traditional costumed dances from the many eras and regions of the country - truly first class!! No problem getting tickets at the door and do dress casually for the downtown area for security - we felt very safe with the good police presence. Good to go in the morning in the day light, then cross over to the beautiful Sanborn's House of Tiles store (english magazines/books) and restaurant - in an old 16th Century home - for a yummy breakfast (great huevos revueltos a la Mexicana, or chiliquiles), then walk down to the zocalo to see the Cathedral, the Templo Major, and the wonderful Diego Rivera murals at the Presidential Palace. Best part of this day was the enormous Sunday market all around the church. Great prices for artisanias, as we travelled extensively for 3 weeks and couldn't beat their prices in any other city market. Sunday is the very best day to see the zocalo area, as the traffic in the downtown is minimal compared to Monday to Saturday. Don't be afraid to see all the wonderful sights in the city, as it is no more dangerous than the downtowns of many US cities - just use your big city street smarts and you'll have a great time. Starting our day out having a leisurely breakfast at the Hyatt and ending with a light dinner, (remember lunch time in Mexico is the big meal of the day) really made our time so much more enjoyable. Thanks to all of the terrific staff!!!  
<Date>Jan 15, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>HT1
<Content>Great Hotel Spend five nights here immediately after Christmas in a party of eleven (five rooms). This is an excellent hotel with very efficient and friendly staff. Breakfast is excellent and reasonable (by European standards) and there is an excellent Italian restaurant. Hotel is situation in a line of other large hotels but having popped into each it would still certainly be my choice. Nice pool and gym also.Some of our rooms were on the executive floor and while we did not pay any more for these (our internet rate was $99 per room per night - excellent value) there was little difference between these rooms and the standard rooms. Just a stocked mini-bar and some additional toiletries and bathrobes. We found service and the general way of life in Mexico slow and the only issue we found with the hotel was that they did not want to call a regular taxi and insisted that we use the hotel cars (more expensive) and often they did not know the way!  
<Date>Jan 12, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Haarlem
<Content>Great hotel, great location! Spent the weekend of 7 January 2005 in this wonderful hotel.Great and atmospheric rooms, beautiful lobby, nice outside jacuzzi and pool, and very helpful and friendly staff.The hotel is located in the posh Polanco district (also great for upscale clubs at night, better than 'sleezy' Zona Rosa), and at walking distance of the Auditorio metro stop (also a stop for the Touribus) and close to the wonderful Museo Nacional de Antropologia.  
<Date>Jan 12, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>DJ
<Content>Truly excellent This hotel and the staff are among the best I have encountered after years of traveling in over 20 countries. The hotel is beautiful and professional , with no impersonal aspects to it.The pool area is clean and the gym staff are accomodating. The hotel offered excellent taxi service, while twice as expensive as a radio taxi, more secure and could be charged to your room. The best part of the hotel is the location, close to museums and other hotel bars without the noise.When I asked for some tape to carry a small bag with bulky paintings, they took the effort to re-wrap the paintings and provide a make-shift handle for easier carrying. All of this was done without complaint or attitude.Overall, excellent is the only word I can think of.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>taniabh
<Content>great hotel this is a great hotel and this is from a very picky person! the staff are amazing and help you with whatever you want. the rooms are not dated at all and clean, well maintained and twice a day service. you are given free mineral water each day. the gym and pool are good. location is in the safest area of the city and many resturants close by. room service is excellant and they will send food from the italian resturant which is better than the cafe - and not too expensive. can not really find any faults with this place!  
<Date>Sep 22, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Hotel with Wonderful Service! The hotel and staff were wonderful! I needed a break for the weekend from Cuernavaca, Mexico (attending school to learn Spanish) and decided to book this hotel per all the comments on this website (and I needed the comforts of the US for a weekend). If you complain about this hotel, you have some serious issues. I can't say enough about the staff! I got room-service every morning and one night. The staff was very professional and the food was decent for Mexico. I arranged a tour to the Basilica with the hotel. Jose B. was absolutely great. I paid 230 pesos per hour for a personal guide/taxi to the Basilica (four hours total). I am a single female and travel alone a majority of the time. At this hotel, I felt safe and comfortable. Jose B. (I don't know his last name because I lost his card) was very professional and I would highly recommend him for the taxi service from the airport to the hotel and/or as a tour guide. The hotel can arrange the service with Jose (or someone else) for a small service charge. It can get expensive, but safety is worth it. The only bad thing: Grey Line Tours. Don't use Grey Line Tours - - an $87 (about 983 pesos) tour turned out to be a 1714 pesos (which is about $151 US). I have filed a complaint. The JW Marriott did not recommend Grey Line. When the hotel found out I was using Grey Line, they expressed their concern, but I didn't listen. I should have listened to them. So, don't use Grey Line Tours. Several other tourist experienced the same thing with GREY LINE.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fabulous   showReview(2227028, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 28, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very nice   showReview(2129744, 'full');   
<Date>May 29, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Highly recommended   showReview(1882562, 'full');   
<Date>May 7, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>They stole a gift from a business associate that was delivered to me at the hotel.   showReview(1869392, 'full');   
<Date>May 4, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>JW Marriott Hotel Mexico City - Outstanding in every way!   showReview(1626418, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 3, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PoblanoJ
<Content>What a Place   showReview(1510847, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 9, 2003
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel - Excellent Service   showReview(1364231, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 24, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>recgator
<Content>Amazing!       View from Room  
<Date>Jun 26, 2003
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Staying here makes business a vacation   showReview(912896, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 11, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Great Service and Warm smiles   showReview(473688, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 25, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Patita_de_Perro
<Content>Excelente!!!!   showReview(21263598, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>hpaco
<Content>Excelente hotel       Flores  
<Date>May 15, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pocson
<Content>Le meilleur choix   showReview(6452406, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

