<Author>singtx
<Content>Good times at the W Stayed 4 nights recently. Booked cheapest room and upgraded to a Fabulous room on 23rd floor with an awesome view of the bay and needle as a Gold member. Used the Acura service, which is free and will take you anywhere downtown. The gym was recently redone and was nice with new equipment and fresh fruit to eat...NO bottled water...boo!They have a great Happy Hour till 7pm, M-F. The prices are cheap for Seattle so take advantage, get a drink and sit by the fireplace. Manager of the hotel was outstanding. I needed $10 dollars to pay for a cab ride and the ATM was disabled. I asked the front desk if they could add the $10 dollars to my bill and give me the cash. Front desk clerk said NO and manager said yes, no questions asked. Outstanding service. Location is perfect. Walking distance to everything. Pikes and shopping is all within 2 to 5 blocks of the hotel.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2009
<Rating>4	3	3	5	4	5	4	2	

<Author>goodtimegirl54
<Content>Never Again.... I don't usually write reviews but feel like I should warn the unsuspecting. Worst hotel I've stayed in. Hallways are dark with a subterrain feeling. Rooms very small with LOW ceilings. No pop machines in the ENTIRE hotel. So either bring your own or pay $4 a piece from mini bar. Not a phone book in the room, had to call for one. Bed was comfortable and room service food was good. But the lobby was small and dark lobby with stairs down to fireplace, chairs, and bar. Also everything they do is by text message to you. This feels very impersonal, I like to connect to a person. Parking was over $35 a night!! We had an above standard room and we still were charged $20 a day after tax for wi-fi...I will never stay in a W hotel anywhere. Perhaps 20-yr olds would think this place cool, but anyone that has seen the world via hotels will NOT find this appealing,.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	1	2	3	3	2	2	

<Author>lockawoo
<Content>Stay somewhere else! I was dissapointed with my overall stay at the hotel. After travelling all day and arriving at 8p (10p my time) I had to HAUL my luggage up the STAIRS to the front desk. They all stood there and watched me struggle to get my luggage up, but were too cool to help. During check-in I had a few questions and the staff acted too cool to help and ignored half of my requests (two keys).I have yet to see the lights come on in any part of the hotel -- very strange to have dimly lit halls at 10a. There is NO coffee maker or hot water in the room -- good luck if you want a cup of coffee or tea.Prices are ridiculous and the towels and linens are cheap...they charge you to make a local call - come on!A little too hipster and completely over the staff being too cool for their pants.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	1	1	1	1	

<Author>LittleMissJulie
<Content>Terrific experience for business or pleasure The W Seattle lives up to the standard that is so consistent in W hotels around the country. I came for a conference (which was taking place at the hotel itself, conveniently) for two nights in early December. Hotel: As with all W hotels, this one has the trendy decor and chic amenities. We had a room on the 16th floor with a so-so view of the next door building and a bit of downtown. The rooms are a bit dark, even with all of the lights on. The flatscreen TVs are nice but small and ill-positioned. The beds are extremely comfortable, and they provided four pillows per bed, which was a great surprise for a pillow fiend such as myself. My favorite little extra is the bathrobes, super comfy and warm. The gym is perfectly adequate, and I was alone so I had free range of the TV in there. I found the front desk staff, valet, and concierge to be friendly, professional, and courteous. They would have gone above and beyond had we any special requests. I had forgotten contact solution, and they provided a bottle for me (small fee). Location: The W is located at 4th and Seneca, in the financial district but extremely close to downtown. We were a five minute walk to the shopping district (a perfect section for shoppers, including Nordstrom, Nordstrom Rack, Macy's, and tons of boutiques and other shops). We were also only a ten minute walk from Pike's Market, including the famous fish-throwers and the endless rows of crafts, flowers, fruits, vegetables, and more. I strongly recommend strolling down to Pike's Market for a look around. Of course you can find a coffee shop on every corner (either Starbuck's or Seattle's Best). Dining: My new favorite Seattle restaurant is La Vita e Bella, an Italian cafe. We took a cab but could have walked. The service was phenomenal, the food delicious, and the atmosphere very New York (without the crowds). We also ate at Matt's in the Market, an upscale seafood place right in Pike's Market (on the 3rd floor - ask around if you can't find it or visit their website). The food was too pricey, so I wouldn't recommend it, but the views of the market were nice. I definitely recommend a trip to Seattle, and the W is a fine choice for your accommodations. Location, staff, and W quality make for a relaxing trip, even when it's business-related.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>SarahASeattle
<Content>Very swanky We stayed at the W Hotel for a romantic night in the city. I have always wanted to stay here, I have eaten in the restaurant before and it was beautiful. Overall this was a great hotel. It doesn鈥檛 really need to be said that it is an amazing property. The rooms were incredibly decadent, very modern d茅cor, lovely furniture. Our room had a chaise lounge in it overlooking the corner windows which though it said floor to ceiling, the rooms are pretty short in height so it鈥檚 not as incredible as I thought it would be. However, don鈥檛 get me wrong it was still beautiful. The bed was incredibly luxurious and comfortable. The room was actually pretty big with a beautiful desk and the bathroom was quite swanky, though it didn鈥檛 have a soaking tub or jet tub which I had tried everywhere to find out and couldn鈥檛 on the website. It鈥檚 your basic tub with shower set up. Now I know. We were on the 12th floor so it was just city views, in fact we looked at the back of the Four Seasons. But city streets otherwise. Higher floors may have more impressive views.It was quite a luxurious experience. My husband had bought me roses and so we called down and asked if they could bring us up a vase and within 2 minutes we had a knock on the door and a couple of options of vases. The location is great, it鈥檚 a little more in the business area of town, but only a couple blocks from some great shopping. The bar is actually in the lobby of the hotel, as in, it sort of is the lobby of the hotel so you can just sit by the fire or anywhere on the sofas or chairs and they will come and get your order. We did not eat in the bar or the restaurant so I can鈥檛 speak to that experience, though it looked lovely.It was a little full of itself. Check-in was a little frosty, and the bar as well seemed a bit pretentious. But if you just overlook all of that and enjoy the hotel for it鈥檚 beauty and comfort, it鈥檚 perfect! We had room service in the morning which was amazing. The presentation was incredible and the food was tastey. It鈥檚 a rather pricey hotel, I found a great rate online the week of our plans so it was nice to get it all at a bit of a deal, but even so, it鈥檚 definitely a splurge. I would stay here again if I found a deal, but otherwise, I am not sure full price would have been worth it. Great location to the Fifth Ave Theater and some great restaurants in the vicinity within walking distance.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>shannonziggy
<Content>Great location, nice atmosphere We arrived on an early flight - and the front desk happily checked us in before noon. The room was large with nice decor- flat screen tv, long window seat, cool bathroom, etc... The bed was super comfy- similar to the Westin beds. Location was great-- Pike Place market, Pioneer Square and other downtown attractions were all a very short walk away.We were also very pleased with the concierge's dinner recommendation- Flying Fish in Belltown.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Danify
<Content>Great Atmosphere We often stay at The W Seattle for Football Games and Concerts and we always look forward to it as its always a fun place to stay. The service is very good and front desk people helpful and Happy. Being Platinum we always get upgraded to a corner room. The only negative is the Gym,small and dated,needs a big overhaul.. The Bar area is really nice with well dressed crowd aged 30 -45 looking for a good time. Drinks a little pricey but the Bar Tenders poor them great .We always usewww.sneakysunday.com to find the best places to eat. We love ZOE in belltown.Its fantastic.Overall a great location and fun place to stay.Give it a shot  
<Date>Oct 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>ryand797
<Content>Would have rathered stayed at Motel 6 Well it all started when trying to get checked in and it was pretty much the same from there on out. I get it, they are trying to be trendy, but after a long flight and day of traveling I just want to get to my room and relax. Upon walking into the lobby on a Wednesday evening, all I could here was obnoxiously loud house music coming from the bar just down the stairs. It was hard conversing at the front desk trying to get checked in, the young man working didn't seem to care if I stayed at their hotel or not.The room was ok, nothing special. You could tell a lot of time was spent to make sure everything was in its place, but you had the feeling that if housekeeping had to vacuum they would charge you for it. Turned out to be pretty much true, random charges for the in room mini bar(that I never touched), $.75/day for a newspaper I didn't want. The room and bathroom were pretty poorly lit. I'm surprised I was not charged for using the soap and shampoo.The customer service was the same at the front desk throughout my stay as the first night I checked in. I'm sorry the conference I was attending happened to be stationed in the hotel(the only reason I stayed there). This place has great potential, but to be honest I've been to Motel 6's with better class.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2008
<Rating>1	3	3	5	4	1	1	2	

<Author>jonlam
<Content>luxury Stayed in Seattle for last 2 nights of trip and as Sheraton point holders chose W because of locality and luxury - it certainly turned out to be luxurious - if a little expensive!Parking is a problem a if the hotel park is full, there are public parks but they charge $25 per day.Check in was great as was the helpful staff when we asked if there were any smoking rooms. There was none on check in (we should have thought about this earlier) but they were able then to reserve a room for the following evening.Rooms were great, half price cocktails on some evening an while there are restaurants nearby, for a special treat we ate in the hotel because of quality and standing of chef.We ordered the 5 course meal where the Chef picks the dishes and also the special wine option where different wines complement the dishes . . a really good choice.Several other small dishes thrown in as well as the main 5 so there was always something to eat.Expensive but as they say, you get what you pay for - it was the highlight meal of the holiday.very business orientated with conferences but this was not a problem for us - we liked the buzz.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>WannaGoToASkunkFight
<Content>Not for the middle aged This hotel was a big disappointment, even given we paid only $179/night. In the past year I have stayed in hotels in Europe, Africa, the Carribean, and the US at all different levels [e.g., Days Inn to the San Francisco Fairmont] and this is the only hotel that truly annoyed me.When we checked in it was nighttime - outside and inside. The lobby was lit only with tea lights scattered about. We simply could not see where we were stepping or what we were signing. I couldn't believe it!There was also extremely loud music, with a booming bass line, blasting in the lobby each night. The younger people crowded about apparently enjoyed it but my party of four found it absolutely obnoxious. The lobby also had an unusual scent - sort of a combination of mothballs and incense; I never got used to it and could not understand why anyone would deliberately pollute the air of a hotel lobby with that noxious odor. Perhaps if I were a New Age type, as opposed to a middle aged type, I would have enjoyed it.The room was clean but rather spartan. Bed was OK, not fabulous. Towels were a little chintzy. The biggest problem: the room did not have enough light for comfortable reading. The absolute limit was that the complimentary coffee service in the lobby was taken away at 9AM.Good points: location, concierge was helpful, sufficient elevators.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	5	4	3	-1	-1	

<Author>ExcitedTravelers
<Content>Very disapointed Currently beginning our second day. We travel with a nine-month old, and my wife had had an amazing experience at the W San Francisco so we hapilly signed for a five-day stay. Experience so far:Hotel fitness center is undergoing renovations for the next month and a half, a fact the hotel neglected to inform us of until we arrived. When asked what other ammenities the hotel offered, we were informed that there were none.When we arrived at our room, it turns out to have been smoked in recently, so we requested another room. which they to their credit took care of quite fast. That some staff obviously had knowledge of the state of the room (during room prep if nothing else), and the hotel still was not able to avoid this problem is an indication of little care.We had requested a crib for our baby, but when we returned from a day of walking the city, there still was no crib as requested in our booking so we called down to reqeust one. The hotel then sent a person who seemed like he needed to check the room before believing that there was no crib. It was then brought in with no crib blanket. We called down for one, and a blanket that looked just like an airline blanket was delivered.The hotel's tagline is Welcome to the W, what's your wish, Well, I wish they would provide customer service.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>willbad79
<Content>Funky and Contemporary, shame about the service I stayed for two nights at the W Hotel Seattle as part of a business trip. I chose this hotel as it was close to Pike street, where I would be spending most of my time.LOCATIONThe hotel is pretty central, and is not too far from the major sights of Seattle. I found it very easy to walk to Pike Street Market, the Space Needle, as well as get to other places I needed to be.RECEPTION/LOBBYThe reception area is very contemporary in design, and very buzzing. Having said that, the reception experience left a bit to be desired. The reception staff seem to see themselves as the coolest of the cool, and as a result, seem to almost look down on those checking in! My receptionist didn't say good evening, or show any warmth. She just asked my name, and handed me the key... Would have been nice to be engaged a little more!ROOMI had a room on the 19th Floor, so pretty good views over to the Space Needle. The room looks modern and contemporary. The bathroom is fitted out to a high standard, but furniture in the room itself was a little bit shabby. Having said that, the bed was comfortable and I had no trouble sleeping.OVERALLAn acceptable hotel, where the staff are a little arrogant, but comfortable and clean rooms. Having said that, If I had been paying, I don't know if I would have been too happy with the 拢150/night cost for what I got.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	2	2	-1	

<Author>kapy3
<Content>Great Hotel My wife and I stayed at the W for 3 nights in June. I was very happy with the hotel, and we had a great time there. The staff was very nice and accommodating, and the room was very comfortable and modern. As usually, the W beds are awesome. The room also had a flat screen tv, a DVD player, and an ipod radio/clock. The bathroom was also comfortable, and they provide Bliss products. My only complaint was that one of our neighbors ordered room service, and the try say outside their room all day. Oh, and the hallways are unnecessarily dark, although that's not really a big deal. I think they're trying to be swanky, but whatever. The hotel is also in a great location. We walked to a Mariner's game our first night, and its also close to most of the shopping, restaurants and bars. We had dinner at Union and Crush while we were there. Union was very good and is only a short walk from the hotel. Crush was about a $12 cab ride away, but it was well worth it. I love food, and my meal at Crush was definitely one of the better meals that I've ever had.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>buffettgirl
<Content>Didn't want to leave! I had sinus surgery a few weeks before my trip to Seattle. The cross-country flight combined with drinking all day and crashing on a friend's floor with no pillow the night before all led to me having an INDESCRIBABLE headache the morning I was due to check in to the W. Check in is not until 3 pm, but the staff was more than happy to get me into my room at 9:30 am when I explained how badly my head hurt. And this was on a sold-out weekend. And both times I called downstairs for assistance they were friendly and helpful. Service = A+The room itself was huge, stylishly decorated, and immensely comfortable. (That bed! Those pillows! Even the carpet was a treat for my feet.) My only complaint was the A/C..... some new eco-friendly deal I'd never seen before where there's a sensor and as soon as you leave the room it goes off. (We obviously do not have this in Florida!!!!) We were lucky to have GORGEOUS sunny weather so after trekking around town it was hot when we got back to the room. But it didn't take very long to cool back down. Room = AThe location was pretty much perfect - I was able to walk to all the downtown attractions and there is a public bus stop right outside the front door. Yes, there are hills as the previous poster noted, but that's not their fault! The whole city is full of hills! The incline varies depending on which side street you take; if you go down to Pine or Pike it wasn't bad at all. Location = A+Full disclosure - I didn't pay for my room. My godparents allowed me to use their SPG points (23,000 of them!) to stay here. However, I feel confident that if I had forked over the $275/night or whatever it is I would have felt completely satisfied all the same.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ccnolan
<Content>Not a Fan My husband and I are Starwood Preferred Gold guests and try to stay at Starwood Hotels at any chance we can get. Our favorite experience was at a W in San Francisco, so we were very excited about the W Seattle.We arrived after flying all day from DC at the W late afternoon. There was no bellman out from to help us with our 3 suitcases, and we couldn't get through the front door because there was a crowd of 4 smokers rudely blocking the way. Once we got inside, there was a small line to check in, and some man walked in and asked if he could cut (no way!). I must say, once we finally got to the room, it was nice and modern. The bed was comfortable, but it was nothing spectacular. So much of a hotel experience is the customer service, and there really wasn't any customer service to speak of here. One other thing that I didn't love was that the hotel was perched on a VERY steep hill. My husband and I are young and fit, but after a long day of walking, it was always annoying to come into the lobby completely winded after hiking the hill.I would not recommend this hotel- go for the Westin nearby instead!  
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	2	4	1	1	2	

<Author>AZtravelin
<Content>I wish I had booked at the Westin instead My husband and I are frequent guests of Starwood properties, in fact they are our preferred hotels. We typically stay at Westin's but wanted to give the W Hotel a try because we thought it would be a better, swankier hotel.  While our dinner at Earth  Ocean was delicious, we were very disappointed by several things. The front desk and concierge were down right rude and not at all helpful. We felt as though they didn't want to be bothered by a hotel guest.The workout facility at the hotel, in short, was downright awful. A hotel of this caliber cannot have such poor equipment in such a cramped, depressing space and expect people to believe this is a luxury hotel. Imagine a guest room with the furniture removed and then replaced with broken, out dated exercise equipment. Thankfully we had a friend in town who gave us passes to the Washington Athletic Club -- which was AMAZING. We were also disappointed to discover that the W does not provide an in-room coffee pot. This seems like such a standard thing these days. Why don't they have one at this hotel?Another thing that bothered us was the lack of lighting in the hallways. We actually laughed when we tried to get into our room b/c we couldn't see the card reader on our door. There is hip, and then there is just plain stupid. Finally, we requested and received a room on one of the non-smoking floors. One of the other patrons on the floor ignored the hotels' rules and smoked in their room four out of the five days we were there (we assumed they checked out before us). We called guest services the first day, no longer able to tolerate the smell in our room, and were told something would be said to them or they would be asked to move to the smoking floor. They were not spoken to. After calling guest services again on the third day they told us they would move US to a different room...I couldn't understand why we would be inconvenienced instead of those who were not complying with the rules of the hotel. It was clear that they never said anything to the guests who were smoking b/c it didn't stop. We gave up and breathed in the smoke for the rest of our stay. Given that the price to stay at the W Seattle and the Westin Seattle are virtually the same, and the amenties at the Westin are SO much better; we will NEVER stay at the W Seattle again. I wish I had booked the Westin.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>1	2	3	5	4	2	2	-1	

<Author>47states
<Content>Best bed ever The W in Seattle had the best bed ever - it was so incredibly comfortable. The staff were friendly, the views were great, and everything in the room was top quality.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>uvaleg
<Content>W: Chic, and a bit snotty. I stayed at the W over a weekend before having to move to a hotel close to the airport for the training I was attending. I had never been to Seattle, and decided to come a bit early to see the sights. I left my husband at home, and this was my first solo trip in quite some time. I chose the W for the location and the price, and the reputation of W hotels in general--I had never stayed at one before.Let's start with the positives. The room was excellent--great decor, comfy bed, nice flat screen TV, great quality toiletries (although i question the scent combo of lemon and sage... too cleaning-product-y for me). The darkness and loudness in the common areas took some getting used to, but it certainly makes for a cool, chic vibe in the hotel. Very different from the average Marriott or Sheraton I typically stay in. I also enjoyed the free Wi-Fi in the lobby one evening with a great apple martini. Oh, and the location was excellent. Very quick and FLAT walks to the main attractions.And now, the negatives. As a married woman traveling alone, it took me a little while to be at ease with being on my own, especially dining solo and such. I went to the concierge desk on the first evening, having just arrived in Seattle an hour or so ago, and was hoping for a little encouragement and some great recommendations from them. Uh, no. Granted, partially my fault for wanting to be babied, but this desire came from previous experiences with concierges in other cities--usually they're excited to tell you where to go, what to do, and to introduce you to their city. Not so much with this guy. He acted totally put off and aloof and I felt like I wasn't cool enough or something. The next day, I tried again with a different concierge. He was more helpful, but definitely not at the level I'm used to. I was inquiring about the ferry to Bainbridge Island, and he told me all about it but didn't bother to provide a schedule. When I asked specifically where I could get a schedule, he said, Oh, I have one right here. Um, wouldn't it seem the natural thing to do to hand that to me when you're telling me how to get there and how often it leaves?? While the concierge service is really my only complaint about the W Seattle, it was poor enough for me to knock the rating down to a 3 because, to me, if you're going to present yourself as a luxury hotel, you need luxury service to earn an above average rating. And I didn't get that here.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>3	3	5	5	4	3	2	3	

<Author>Traveling23
<Content>Think twice before booking this hotel As a Starwood Corporate Preferred Guest, I did not feel welcomed or appreciated at this hotel. Plain and simple! This was my first stay at a W Hotel and the first time that a Starwood property has not exceeded my expectations. There is a prevailing arrogant attitude and lack of emotion among the majority of the staff; however, Christine in the restaurant is an exception to this prevalent culture. She has a wonderful smile and disposition along with a polished professional manner. It is unfortunate that the other staff members have not learned from her.Upon arrival at the hotel, the music was so loud you could barely hear the apathetic Front Desk Clerk. The DVD in our guestroom was inoperable and had to be replaced. One evening, during our stay, we went to the lounge to purchase a drink to take to the room. The hostess did not know how process a room charge. Although we were eventually successful in getting our drinks and taking them to the room, the glasses were never removed from the room during our entire stay. One morning at breakfast, we reported, twice, that the lobby/restaurant men鈥檚 room was is disarray and needed attention. It was never attended to during our meal.The whatever...whenever (concierge) desk is a joke. One evening, at approximately 11 - 11:30 p.m., we asked Adam if he could recommend a restaurant in the area that serves breakfast items. He relied that all the restaurants in the vicinity were serving dinner and that in my 6 years here, I have never had anyone ask for breakfast at this hour. He eventually called the kitchen to see if they could prepare breakfast at that hour. After asking what we wanted, we said just a couple of ham and cheese omelets. Adam told us it would take an hour. The incident let us know that we were imposing and it was an imposition on everyone involved. Heidi and the others at the desk were not much better. To be quite honest, we ended up using the concierge desk at the Fairmont across the street. There, William truly made us feel welcome and wanted us to experience the best that Seattle had to offer.The evening prior to check out, I enquired at the desk regarding utilizing some of my SPG points toward my stay. The clerk told me that it would need to be done at check out. The next morning as I was settling my account, I spoke to Jeff regarding my desire to apply some of my points. He stated that my account was already settled and who told me that my points could be applied at checkout. After explaining that that I was informed the previous evening by one of the clerks on duty, he stated that he would have to call Starwood to see about getting the points applied to my stay. After it was processed鈥o smile鈥o thank you for staying with us鈥ust 鈥渢here you go.鈥?br/>Although the location is EXCELLENT, think twice prior to booking this hotel! (I wish I had.)  
<Date>Aug 3, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	5	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>hcb10960
<Content>great experience except... ...for the concierge problem. More on that later. We actually stayed at this W twice in ten days. Our stays bookended a trip to SF.When we first arrived the cab dropped us at the restaurant entrance not the main entrance. When we got to the bottom of the staircase leading to check-in the bellman could not have been nicer. He got an extra guy to help with all of our gear. Both check ins were smooth, staff lovely, room was great. The second check-in was particularly nice, as one of the young ladies behind the desk made a special point to welcome my son back to the hotel with a high five and It's great to see you again. Went a long way. We had a view of Mt. Rainier the first leg, lower down the second. Room service during both stays was excellent. The lobby was lovely to hang out in, the restaurant was very, very good. To the concierge problem...we dealt with three concierges during our stays. Two of which were fine, one simply didn't do his job or meet our requests. First, he was on his cell phone at the concierge desk and seemed annoyed that we interrupted him. We wanted to make dinner reservations for two nights and asked whether we needed reservations for a third restaurant. It was early in the day, he said the first two would not be open, but would make the reservations later and noted it on the computer. He then said we did not need reservations at the third. That was that, thanks!, and we were on our way.Later that evening, we arrived at the 'no reservation' restaurant to discover a two hour wait for a table of three and Oh no, we ALWAYS recommend reservations. Hmmm, basic info a concierge should know. We walked back to the hotel to check on the other reservations with the evening concierge. Neither had been made. He was very apologetic and expressed that this had been a problem for a number of guests that day. He took care of the reservations and found us another place to eat that evening.Despite the intitial problem, it was dealt with in a more than satisfactory way and we would absolutely stay there again.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	4	3	4	

<Author>ORD1963
<Content>What a Wonderful Week I cannot say enough good things about this hotel. The service I get from the concierge, the room service staff and at the check in and valet are truly W onderful.I am a Starwood Gold and maybe that is why I get the treatment. But the Bliss bath products and the great towels are in every room.The staff has recommended good local restaturants and arranged a haircut for me before a big presentation when I had not been home to my salon due to a month full of travel.They welcome me back every trip as if they know me and are actually happy to see me back. After my 4th stay in the past 6 months they know how I like the lights when I get in the room and what CD's to have pulled from the library. WOW.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>catgirl70
<Content>Great location, cool vibe Just what I expected from a W. Cool vibe and great ambiance. Great location.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>leungv
<Content>More of the same of what you'd expect from a W Well, I've stayed at enough W Hotels to know that they're all about the same, which is most of the reason why people stay in them. You know what to expect, and you know what you're paying for -- which is: groovy electronica music playing in the lobby, candles lit at the check-in desk, west elm-y decor often in various shades of jewel tones, decent sheets and comfortable bed, and Bliss products in the bathroom. And this W was no different. We did get a nice view of Mt Rainer through the windows though. :)  
<Date>Jul 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>brookebrown
<Content>Don't Give Them a Chance to Ruin Your Vacation The location of this hotel is great. That's it. If you simply need a room, you can get something just as nice, for less, elsewhere. If you will need any kind of service: help getting cabs, dinner reservations, laundry, renting bicycles, storing your bags or even someone to hold the door as you struggle with your luggage, do not choose the W Seattle. We stayed for the Fourth of July weekend. We waited to talk to the concierege 3 times. Each time it took fifteen minutes for anyone to help us, and each time, the person in that position began his reponse by asking if we were sure we wanted him to check on our requests. For instance, I requested the conierge make an arrangement with a taxi for the end of our dinner. We were headed to the space needle afterwards. His response was well, I don't think you'll be able to get a cab tonight. It's really busy. Are you sure you want me to call? You should probably try calling them yourselves. We had already called, and I don't fault the guy for failing (although, having bus schedules on hand seems like a prudent alternative), but of course I want him to call! I just waited 15 minutes to see if the W name would help us at all.We cut our losses when we tried to rent bikes. After waiting 15 minutes, we weren't even the second group in line. Calling from the room did little good either.Another time, I watched the concierge tell a woman that there was nowhere she could dine on the Fourth of July. Afterwards, I pulled her aside and gave her the list of places I had found on my own (I spent no more than 20 minutes on this research). I had already called the places, and all said they were slow for the Fourth and thus had plenty of room. Bear in mind that I had never even been to Seattle before that weekend. In fact, at the time of the conversation, I had barely been there 24 hours. I also have to mention that I did all of this research through my mobile phone because the W Seattle does not provide free WiFi. They don't want to help you find anything, and they don't want you to find it on your own either. It's like a casino where everything is designed to keep you within the establishment. We had to hail our own cabs right outside the hotel, and on our last day, as we were leaving, the doormen were too busy talking to one another to help me when I tripped going out the door. It was absurd. I feel it would be diffiult to reach this level of incompetence without some intentional effort. These people have forgotten that they are a part of someone else's rare and hard-earned vacation. Don't give them a chance to ruin yours.I hear the food is good, but the service was so bad, I had no desire to stay in the hotel and try it.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	4	3	1	1	1	

<Author>Orange-County-Guy
<Content>I used to like this place... what happened???? When the W Seattle originally opened, it was a great new hotel. I was coming to Seattle every month for work and loved each and every time I stayed there. My job finished and I had not been to Seattle for the past two years. I had the chance to come up to Seattle for a July vacation and unfortunately I picked the W. I am sitting in my room right now and waiting to check out and go somewhere else. This would be two days early. I am an easy going person, but this visit to the W has been a nightmare. I am not going to go into details, but I can honestly state that I have never been so upset that I demanded to leave a hotel early. I don't even have a replacement hotel, but I am very happy to leave this place.The room was OK, the location great... but the SERVICE.... I think the staff here are still waiting for the training from corporate. I am still upset that they could not do anything right. Especially since we were paying full rates to stay here over the 4th. I used to love this place and hope that anyone who is considering the W Seattle will think twice.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2008
<Rating>1	1	4	5	3	3	-1	2	

<Author>VeelaVeela
<Content>Ho-Hum Our stay at the W Seattle had some great moments, and some not so great. + Nice front desk staff upon check-in- Front desk is up a flight of stairs which are not easy to negotiate with bags. You can walk around outside, up the hill, and enter on the same level through the side entrance+Nice Corner room with lots of space-No upgrade, even though a Gold starwood member+Lots and lots of windows in the corner room-Lots of sun, so the room heated up QUICKLY+Fun peek-a-boo view of Mt Ranier-Lots and lots and lots of street noise (8th floor) starting at about 5am. **The hotel is on a major diesel bus line, with a stop directly in front of the hotel, and the noise wakes you up too early. As does general noise from the street as traffic gets going.+Excellent decor and fantastic Bliss branded products. Loads and loads of towels. -Room was worn (scuffed, chipped paint), bathtub/shower was only so-so, pillows were uncomfortable and cheesy plastic cups in bathroom.+Allows dogs-$25 a night fee, and nothing extraordinary in return; same dog amenities as the Seattle Sheraton or Westin.The Bar+Great happy hour specials-TERRIBLE service on one occasion (forgotten food orders, difficulty in getting her attention. . .)+Fun Environment on the weekend-Limited seatingWe also overheard the host for the bar telling a couple with a small service dog that the dog was not permitted. This is in direct violation of the law and the host did not seem to care. LocationLocation is nice being near some shopping areas, and it's an easy walk to Pike's Place Market, but again, the road in front of the hotel is VERY VERY busy. You really have to hike to find nice outdoor dining, and you are aways away from what I consider the central area (Nordstrom, et. al). Dog owners, the Library is one block up and has plenty of grass, so it's a great place for doggy bathroom breaks.Overall:If I got a screaming deal on this hotel, as I did this time, I would stay again. But the location is not where I prefer to be and the street noise is out of control for weekday stays. I would request a higher floor to see if the steet noise was any less up higher. I'm also miffed about the $25 pet fee in comparison with Sheraton, which is $0.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>2	3	4	2	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>pcmpapacherry
<Content>What a disappointment... My best friend and I were coming to Seattle for my birthday, and wanted to stay someplace really nice. I thought I would save a few bucks instead of stay at the Hotel 1000 or the Alexis, just to have extra spending money. Boy, do I regret that decision. The staff was snobby, and completly self focused. The room was alright. It was NOT worth the $260 we paid though. The bathroom was crowded and grimey. We had like a yard sale quality iron and ironing board. It was just a bid disappointment all in all. Though I will give them credit, the beds are comfortable, and the lobby is nice. Thats all I can say about the W.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	5	3	2	2	3	

<Author>SDallas
<Content>W Hotel was nice Rooms were nice and comfy. I loved the bed, my husband didn't. The bar was very busy in the evening. Good location.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>sginmd
<Content>Didn't want to leave! The W is a great hotel located right in the downtown area of Seattle. Its just a short walk from Pike Place Market. The room was clean and the bed was awesome. The window seat/couch was a great place to relax after a day of sightseeing. The Acura Experience was also very cool. It will take you anywhere within a 2 mile radius of the hotel. I would recommend this hotel to anyone and look forward to staying there again.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>kyao888
<Content>Great looking hotel but snooby staff My wife and stayed one night here while waiting to get on an Alaska cruise the next day. Upon check in we were wowed by the decor of the establishment but the front desk and bell boy were too snobby. They think they are celebrities or something....not friendly at all. Overall the room is nice and clean and the location was great.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	1	1	-1	

<Author>birdie02
<Content>W Seattle-Service B, Room quality D We planned a night away for our 6 year anniversary. It's not often it happens with young kids, so we were pretty excited. We checked in and although it was really busy, (it was the weekend of the Seattle International Film Festival) the staff was fairly attentive and checked us in not too long after we arrived. We had requested a room w/ a view, which we got. It was beautiful and we were impressed they had remembered. When we entered the room, this is where the great impression stopped. It was dirty, walls were heavily scuffed, the furniture looked worn and droopy (best word I could come up with). The glasses and water bottle seemed as if they had been sitting there for at least a couple of weeks, if not longer. The bathroom was fairly typical and not luxurious like I thought it might be. So all in all, I was a little bummed. I guess with paying $35/night for parking and having to pay for high speed internet access, we just expected more. The bar and restaurant service was amazing, although expensive. So all in all, it wasn't a horrible experience, but for what we paid, we just really expected a little bit more.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	4	2	3	4	2	

<Author>SaminDC
<Content>worth staying This was definitely a hip hotel. Even on a school night, as the night went on, the bar got more and more crowded. The bartender was very accomodating. The checkin desk is not at street level (on the main street). The hallways are very dim. The room itself was pretty big, and it had a bench all along the window. The cordless phone was helpful for work I had to do. The bathroom was very nice (Bliss amenities). I was a little annoyed that they charged by the minute to use the internet in the business center. Given their high rates, they could include that. It was an excellent location.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>PatienceWonderful
<Content>W is nice city hotel - just what you would expect from a W The W was exactly as expected - its in a great central location in Seattle downtown, is minimalist, and hip and very clean and well-run. The room was high-tech (i pod charger and docking station, etc). The price was also competitive (with Marriott Waterside). They had Acura test drives there that would take you within a 2 mile radius for free which was cool! If you like W's you'd like the W Seattle. I'm differentiating it from the Fairmont across the street which is extremely elegant and traditional (and more formal). It's a matter of taste.  
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>meblake
<Content>Great location The location is wonderful. Just a few short blocks to the waterfront, shopping, the monorail, etc. We stayed 3 nights in a Cool Corner Room on the 23rd floor, with a spectacular view overlooking the Seattle Public Library. The bar/lounge area is fairly small and it's always packed. It's a fun atmosphere though so we stopped there every afternoon or early evening for a quick drink before heading out. The concierges had great recommendations for restaurants. Most of the staff was amazing but a couple of them could use a bit more customer service training.If you like W Hotels, you'll be pretty happy with this one.  
<Date>May 3, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sms9955
<Content>Excellent as usual! W's are just great! Great service, attitude and location. Can walk to just about everywhere in downtown Seattle. Rooms are clean, fresh and so comfortable.  
<Date>May 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>busygirlla
<Content>Modern hotel I always liked the W. It's very simple and clean. I loved Seattle, the food here is organic and fresh. The hotel lobby and the room was fantastic. They gave us a suite instead of our room. About 10-min walk to the town, very close to shopping.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>noname36
<Content>Pleasantly Surprised by the W! Went away on a girls weekend and stayed at the W..wasn't sure how it would be, but ended up loving it! I typically play it safe by booking at a Fairmont, Four Seasons etc., but now I'm totally converted. I will absolutely consider the W wherever i go on future adult getaways.The cost of the room was minimal and the room was large (corner King suite), actually they upgraded me for free to this room now that i recall. Ipod dock was a nice touch. Loved the cool vibe of the hotel once you come through the doors, from the lighting to the decor, very hip and sexy - just makes you feel more stylin' to be there. Yes the lighting in the halls was dark, but i must say i loved it even though i got turned around almost every time i stepped off the elevator - oh well i was on vacation. That was another plus, hip elevator music - refreshing. Lot's of activity in the Lobby at night, DJ spinning..etc very cool. Staff all young, so much so i wasn't sure i could count on getting my wakeup call, but it came right on time. Room service was fine, cereal not covered up with anything which i found odd - for sanitary reasons it should have been. a few minor glitches with service, but always attended to promptly so no complaints. I actually missed the feel of the hotel when i got home, will plan another trip to Seattle just to stay there again and get back to that relaxed cool vibe..(especially for the price).I would not recommend it for a family getaway, but definitely for adults and if you like hip cool places you will be very happy here. If not stick to the Fairmont etc.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>sanfrandlle
<Content>Fun, but not wonderful This W has a very trendy, scenester-y downstairs bar that can be a lot of fun. However, I'm a woman who has to travel on my own for business and the whole thing can feel vaguely unsafe. The hallways are kept very dark - I guess they think it adds to the ambience. But wandering a pitch black hotel hallway by yourself can feel creepy, especially if you factor in how drunk many of the guests are. I've stayed here a couple of times and have been woken late at night by the sound of someone trying to get into my room. I think it's an honest mistake and happens because the hallways are literally pitch black, but it freaks me out, nonetheless! If you are looking for a place to party in Seattle with friends this is a great option. But if you are a woman traveling alone, skip it and stay at the Westin or Sheraton instead.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>FairwindTravel
<Content>4 Star Plus       Window and window seat  
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>dannycarlucci
<Content>Great Hotel I recently stayed at the W Seattle. I was hesitant at first to stay at this hotel as I am not fond of the trendy hotels. At this price point, I usually prefer hotels such as the Four Seasons. However, I needed to stay here to meet with business colleagues. I was very pleasantly surprised with my experience. I loved the hotel and would definitely stay here again when returning to Seattle.The hotel has a very modern, hip look and feel. The rooms were very nice and spacious. They had a very comfortable feel to them, especially the large sofas against the windows. The staff was very pleasant and accomodating. The front desk was very welcoming. The blow dryer in my room was not working. When I alerted the front desk, it was replaced immediately. I ordered room service the first night. The food was good, and was delivered promptly. I liked the extra touch of the candy Nerds that were included in the delivery. I also ate breakfast and lunch at the hotel's restaurant. Again, the staff was very nice and service was prompt and efficient. The location of the hotel was central to everything. It is a few blocks to the Seattle Art Museum and the marketplace. It was within walking distrance to the monorail to the space needle and also to Pioneer Square. If you are looking for something fun and unusual to do, there is a great underground tour in Pioneer Square. The only negative to the location is that the area is quite desolate at night and there really is not much nearby except other hotels and office buildings.All in all, I really enjoyed my stay at the W Seattle and would highly recommend staying there.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>jch2000sun
<Content>Good location but average for 5 star hotel I came here for a company conference in Jan08 and while the ambiance is classy, the overall feel is average for 5 star hotel. The hotel had a night club feel to it after 9PM and it was limited to dining option. the location was superb.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>Makena07
<Content>Take Advantage of Ultra Cool Perks The W was awesome. They had little donuts and cider in the afternoon in the lobby, little bottles of water in the lobby (free, as opposed to the $8 water on your night stand), and perfect apples. The hallways are dimly lit with that cool pimp lighting, and everything is immaculately hip. The valet was a bit congested but the location of the W makes it unnecessary to drive about downtown Seattle. There's a Starbucks across the street which makes it easy to grab and go for breakfast instead of sitting down to a fancy breakfast in their excellent restaurant downstairs. We really enjoyed the DJ's on Friday and Saturday night in the busy bar downstairs - be aware though, drinks are not cheap, but I did have the best lemon drop ever! We had a Spectacular room, with limited water views on the top floor - and the little lounge area in the room was so comfortable, perfect for relaxing with a drink. The room was excellent, and for the first time, despite all my business travel in five and four star hotels, I almost didn't want to leave!  
<Date>Mar 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>ReedC
<Content>Was the price a mistake? It was Christmas time in Seattle. I guess the W gave us a rate of 140.00 as a gift. And it was a nice one. Rooms are spacious and well designed. Staff members are helpful and pleasant.A word of warning: drinks in the lobby bar are strong and good. I'm still a little hung over, and it's February.  
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>chocokat
<Content>It's not as fabulous as it looks... We stayed there on that Saturday after Valentines and were excited to get a really good rate for that night ($168), but paid a ridiculous valet rate. The overall decor of the hotel is really trendy and hip. The lobby is a little too dark and small for my liking--it got super crowded when people all of the sudden are checking in or checking out. Service was ok, front desk could have been a little more friendly and excited to be there working. The room has a stale decor; it's not as aesthetically pleasing as the rest of the hotel. Because the walls in the rooms are white, a lot of scuff marks can be seen, so you feel kinda like its been severely used/abused, and dirty. The beds are really comfy and the bathrooms are roomy. The location is great, we had no problem getting around via bus (which is free in the immediate areas) or walking. Overall, we were disappointed with our stay and wont stay again, especially if we have to pay more than we did. I'd stay at their sister hotel, the Sheraton down the street.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	2	3	3	4	

<Author>jenhjenh
<Content>Very Cool I'm young and love to be out on the town. Going to Seattle I had planned on visiting all the sites I could manage on a weekend getaway and the W was my choice for a Hotel. I had an upgrade to a Cool Corner room and everything was so modern and clean. I loved the lemon + sage Bliss bath products. Going out at night was great too since all the clubs were within short distance of the W. When I returned from sightseeing or partying there was still a party going on in the lobby at the W! I I would recommend the W for a good time.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>Nicole12
<Content>Not up to the W standards I travel regularly for business and stay at the W in LA whenever possible. I was excited to stay at this property for this first time when business brought me to Seattle. I took a cab, and upon arrival had to carry my baggage up a flight of stairs to check in. There was no doorman at the door where I entered and no one offered me help although I checked in at a slow time of day. My room, while certainly not the same sort of room I had in LA, was clean and the in window seat a nice touch. The beds, true to W style, were fabulous and I always appreciate the bliss spa products. And that's about the end of the positives. They were a lot of overlooked details, and those details are what seperates a great hotel from the mediocre. I booked straight through the hotel website for a 2 night stay. I saw that the rate went down later in the week, so I was surprised when I was given a room right off of the elevator. I heard people talking outside the elevator in my room. The look on my door was sticky and I had to slam the door very hard to shut it. If I didn't shut it hard behind me, it would have been propped open. The first morning I did not receive a paper and the internet was spotty throughout the whole visit; I eventually just gave up and used my blackberry. The gym, while pretty well equipped for a downtown hotel, has in need of maintenance with only half of the cardio machines in full working order and the water cooler was empty. I gave the front desk this feedback as I was checking out in the morning and while I was listened to, was not compensated or offered a discount on my bill. Not a 4 star hotel, and certainly not a place I would stay again. It was service more along the lines of a 2 star average chain hotel, not what I have come to expect from the W.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	2	4	3	2	1	

<Author>lkwok2
<Content>Great! The decor and cleanliness was super. I have never been in such a posh hotel. Location was excellent, you could walk everywhere downtown. I must say though, parking is very expensive. $33 USD dollars a night. You might not need to bring/rent a car because everything is at your doorstep. The service was wonderful. The bellman and valet were quick to bring my luggage up and I didn't even have to wait 5 minutes for my car. The lady at check-in, Nohan (front desk manager) was so friendly. The mini bar is stocked, so not much room to store personal items. There is also no microwave. I was a bit disappointed with the room service menu, there weren't many things to order from! The washroom decor is very designer like. They carried Bliss products, and I must say, they are the best! I didn't even use my own shampoo/soap/conditioner/facial wash, it was all provided and top quality (not harsh and grainy like other hotel products!!) The products were so good I took a trip down to Nordstrom and purchased a few items. Beaware, local calls are $1.50 each and if you have a pre-paid calling card with a toll free number, it still cost's more than a local call, $2 to use a phone card from you room!! The gym is tidy and lots of workout equipment to chose from. The room also provides bathrobes, in room safe and umbrellas (considering it's raining all the time in Seattle) Overall, a great stay with impeccable service. Expect to pay more though!  
<Date>Feb 9, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Chris75
<Content>Great design and ambiance If you like great design hotels, the W Seattle is for you!The location is good, only a few flocks from many of the downtown sites.I was lucky enough to get a corner room, they are quite large, very comfortable (the bed and linen are fantastic), with great views and a pleasant feel, also the bathroom was large.The lobby is beautiful with sofas, books, and great design.If you stay on weekends there is a DJ at the bar, it's one of the fashion place in Seattle.However if the concierge service is good, the staff at the reception was not so great. They even add a parking fee to my bill (quite funny when you're travelling without a car).With nicer people at the reception I would give 5 stars to the W Seattle.  
<Date>Feb 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	2	2	4	

<Author>SFOBruin
<Content>W Seattle - Great hardware, so-so service       Standard Room King Bed  
<Date>Jan 31, 2008
<Rating>3	3	5	5	5	3	2	3	

<Author>Summer4
<Content>W Hotel is fun and funky We stayed at this hotel for 1 night in January. We received an upgrade to a faboulous corner room (on floor 16). Our room had a somewhat view of the water. Positves:Liked the dimly lit hallways (mood lighting) and elevator music. Walk to shopping and restaurants Very comfy bed, one of the better hotel beds we have slept in. Nice room , great style, very nice bath products (by bliss spa). Dvd player in room.Great water pressure in showerNo outside hallway noise could be heard in room.Great bar area downstairs (The W bar).Negatives:Loud outside road noise. But you are in a downtown hotel. We didn't think you would still be able to hear traffic down below, but you definitely could!No room darkening shades (room just had wood venetian blinds - light still came through.)Way to exspensive to rent in room movie 13.99 plus tax, food spendy from in room menu and mini bar way to spendy as well (but again that's would hotels do, they charge an arm and a leg for things!). It would be nice for once if some of these exspensive hotels would not do this.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>shapeset
<Content>W is for business Great beds, uncomplicated... once you can work the lights. Ask for a deal.. you will get one, good location and parking. One of the better downtown hotels.Meals can be slow to arrive.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	4	3	4	

<Author>DiegoJoe
<Content>Great stay! We got a decent price on a standard room with a king bed ($175 before taxes) and stayed a night just after Christmas. The service was impeccable鈥攆rom bell hops (do they still call them that?) to the concierge (Sean was really helpful). The decor was gorgeous and the location was perfect-close to shops and restaurants. Excellent hotel- highly recommended!  
<Date>Jan 1, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>LVinWA
<Content>Request a Cool Corner' if can Back to the Seattle W, by choice based on our first visit. Nothing on the second stay disappointed us. We requested early check-in (1pm), late check-out (2pm) and a cool corner room. Accomodating on every count without hesitation. The only complaint would be at check-in the desk clerk was really loud...wonder if that bluetooth in her ear was speaking to her at same time she processed our check-in? :] Only suggestion is for a hotel in this caliber in a city known for high tech, why not offer iPod docks? High design makes it hard to leave the room; wish we could plug in our music...  
<Date>Dec 19, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	3	4	4	

<Author>strollingtrini
<Content>This hotel and service is one of the best ever The bad reviews on this site about this hotel are extremely misleading. I stayed at this hotel for a 5 day period and loved it. The hotel is excellent with great soft furnishings and amenities - the only thing I didnt like was the towels but the super comfortable bed more than made up for that. Also the reviewer who didnt like the lighting - get a flashlight - it was supremely hip and gave off an ambience of a MOD hotel and the lighting in the rooms is more than sufficient.Now to discuss the service, they have a service desk called Whatever, Whenever. Well let me tell you they live that mantra. One member of my business group wanted to see an NBA match, so he asked at the desk about getting some - he got 2 seats 15 rows up handed to him in less than a minute. One person asked about getting to visit the restaurant at the tower - a reservation was made and when the couple sat down for dinner the waiter brought over a free appetiser courtesy of the W hotel. Last but not least another member of the group asked about getting a pick up at the Pike Street Market- the concierge himself went to do it.THis hotel has 5 star accoutrements, service and is steps away from some of the best shopping (louis vuitton one street away).You should enjoy any stay here  
<Date>Dec 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>suttonjc
<Content>Worth the money and then some I surprised my girlfriend with a night at the W to celebrate our anniversary. Although we booked a simple room and obviously weren鈥檛 high-rollers we were still treated as royalty. The valets were great, the staff was friendly and helpful, and when they found out that it was our anniversary they sent up an amazing bottle of champagne. We never had to open a door for ourselves or bother hailing our own cab. This place is well worth the money. The room was nice and the bed was amazing. Thank you Adam S ! He was our 鈥淲 insider鈥?and offered us excellent service and plenty of charm. If you are in Seattle for a night, or just want to treat yourself 鈥?this is the place to go.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Nick_From_Manchester
<Content>Great central hotel We arrived at the hotel by car and knowingly paid the high valet parking rate (if you don't want to pay it, street park - it's a major city).The Staff were welcoming and the room was available on arrival, despite being early.We passed through the dimly lit hallways (trendy, but I prefer to see) to our room. Spacious room, comfy beds, modern lighting / decor, large flat screen TV, safe, iron  board, small bathroom (shower over bath, not separate). Nice touch was a printer in the room, great for business use.Views are not brilliant, as the hotel is surrounded by other tall buildings.The bar is bustling and trendy, as is the lobby area (free WiFi for guests). Hotel location is great for shops and restaurants.If you are not into trendy style, try the more expensive Fairmont next door.If you like this hotel, I recommend 'Purple' for lunch, a great wine bar just down the road from the hotel and Barolo for dinner (take a cab, it's opposite the Westin but you will need to book).  
<Date>Nov 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>MB20LVR
<Content>Dont Bother!!! Well as contrary to belief, you don't get more when you pay more. I booked 2 rooms in the W hotel for a Saturday night. It was in celebration of my best friends birthday. The staff was very snotty, and we checked in at 3:00 p.m. , only to find out that the rooms that I had asked for ( side by side, and not facing an ugly garage etc) were not ready.We ended up 3 floors apart, both facing the uglyiest bulidings! This was after we paid in full, at the time of booking, and we were told to let them know if there was anything they could do to make our stay better, to let them know. I parked in the hotel parking lot for $35.00! What a rip-off! 2 people actually tried to open our door! And they were sucessful! The few things we needed were not dealt with, and when my husband brought a bag to the front desk before our dinner reservation , he was told they would send it to our room. We made it back to find a huge crowd, listening to some techno beat music in the bar. The bartender was a rude young kid, and thought he was Tom Cruise in  Cocktail. When we made up to our room, the bag was no where in site! I went down to the front desk, where I was basically told, that we made it up . The bag was no where to be found , with brand new clothes from Macys in it. I waited until morning to talk to the manager, who was at least friendly, and after awhile, he found the missing bag!! Wow, imagine that! You would assume that everyone employed by a 5 star hotel, would have to meet the requirement of overly friendly , but not here. I had better service and a nicer hotel, just a few streets away at the Warwick! The room was dusty, and don't even think about drinking the water. I know its cool to be classy, but even with my status , I refuse to pay $8.00 for a bottle of water that should be in my room for free. Bottom line, either spend more and go to the Fairmont, or find another good, 5 star. This is not the one, trust me!!  
<Date>Nov 12, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	2	1	2	

<Author>neatgirlLA
<Content>W Style All The Way, Great Location Overall, excellent W hotel. Wonderful location in downtown Seattle. Very close to shopping, and close to many businesses. Rooms are fantastic. Great space, awesome amenities and wonderful atmosphere. Staff is very friendly and service is great. Only thing, don't count on an extensive room service menu. And, on Sunday nights, the restaurant isn't open. As a business traveler, I find this odd. But, breakfast is great.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>V0yager
<Content>Good location, but very expensive!!       The W hotel  
<Date>Nov 1, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Michael_SD
<Content>Great Hotel - Except The Concierge Staff This was my second stay at W Seattle in a year. And while I very much enjoyed my first visit, this second stay was blemished by the fact that they employ the rudest, most unhelpful Concierge staff ever. The girl who works the Concierge Desk during the day is nothing more than a pretty face. When we asked her for suggestions on where to have breakfast, she recommended the hotel (and in all fairness, any good hotel employee is required to suggest the hotel first) or to head over to Pike Place Market and just look around. Uh, look around? I could have figured that out myself. I didn't need a concierge to tell me that. And then when we asked for information about local sights, she just threw us brochures and printed out directions. Totally useless employee.But the main problem here is Randall, the concierge in the evenings. He was a downside when I stayed at W Seattle last year, and he was even worse this year. He oozes attitude and refuses to take time to give any suggestions. Our main aggravation happened due to the fact that Wired, the hotel's business center is only open Monday thru Friday. It was a Sunday and we needed to print out our boarding passes. So we asked Randall if he could assist us. With annoyance, he logged onto to his computer. When he was required to put in our password, we asked if we could do it ourselves. He responded with a, What? Do you think I'm going to steal your password?. Unbelievable. This hotel would be much better if they didn't have him lurking around. I am a hotel manager (and formerly managed at a W) and would be shocked if any of my employees behaved this way.Besides these issues, the rest of the hotel continues to be great. The property is clean, still new-looking and the Style Attendant did an amazing job of keeping our room in great shape. The beds are great. And the prime downtown location means that you are close to anything. Plus, a big thank you to the Welcome Desk staff for being so accomodating when they offered us a 3:00 late check-out since we had an evening flight. I enjoyed my stay here, but next time I think I will try another property so I don't have to deal with the people at the Concierge Desk.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	5	4	3	3	1	

<Author>CalP0ly
<Content>Consistent Property, Eltie Minded! Ahh The W Seattle! I am a SPG Plat member and W The Card holder. Lately when in Seattle on business I have been staying at the HYATT downtown, but because of a convention at that property I was back at my old stomping grounds THE W.Once a flagship of THE W chain, she is showing a little bit of wear and tear here and there. The Staff was great as expected except the concierge, who was was a bit too impressed with himself.The hallways/elevators are very dimly lit, with a sexy ambiance, this hotel is for the movers and shakers, the style makers, or people who think they have style! I personally love it.Once inside the rooms you have the wonderful signature W Beds which are quite simply amazing. One of the most comfortable beds you will experience. Mod decor abounds in the rooms with great flat screen TVs and a well appointed bathroom. All of the Bathroom products are provided by BLISS Spa's and you will want to take home the face wash and body lotion, they are that good!My only complaint (and to some this may be a plus) is that it is difficult to get the rooms dark. When I am in Seattle I work late and sleep in, I am usually upgraded to a Corner King room which has amazing views but is difficult to darken, especially when I want to sleep in.The blinds are a so-so at best shutters that just don't block sunlight (reason why I have been over at The Hyatt lately instead).The restaurant /room service is amazing and the bar is great. Last year Quentin Tarantino was at the bar with a lady friend having a drink on a Thursday night! (I don't spot too many celebrities in my hotel travels)No coffee makers in the rooms (urghh pet peeve!) I like to make a cup of coffee without having to go downstairs for the free coffee or order a $16 small pot from room service.Overall though it is a wonderful property with a great location and good staff, on the trendy, high-end side of things so if you are stuffy and grumpy or like to get to bed very early, try the Fairmont next door (which has the best Oysters and Salmon in Seattle at the restaurant Shucker's on their ground floor.) But if you want to stay with the fashionista boutique brigade, give it a go!!!!  
<Date>Oct 22, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>wnissen
<Content>Designed to a T All you need to know about the W Seattle is that the main entrance is barely marked, and when you walk in the door there isn't a check-in desk or staff member in sight. For the first time traveler, it's bewildering.Once you realize the Welcome Desk is up the grand flight of stairs to your left, the staff is professional and helpful, and they have your keys at the ready. The elevator is smooth and fast, taking you up the two dozen floors without effort. The hallways are shockingly dim in comparison to most hotels, but not enough to impede vision, and I believe it helps with keeping the noise down at night.The room is expertly designed New York anal-retentive, and I mean that in the best possible way. Absolutely nothing is out of place, from the tub mat to the pillows on the bed. There are no visible drawers, those are in the closet, along with real hangers and a second bathrobe. The hotel information binder has been replaced by a stack of cards bound on a large brad, which keeps the size down. There's no phone book, because that would require a drawer, though there is a flat panel television with high-definition content. The finishings are not exactly luxurious in the traditional sense but they are attractive, and everything in the room matches just so. The bed, sheets, and towels are all top quality. You would not be at all ashamed to have this as your guest room, even if you lived in a much nicer house than I do.The prices are high. $36 to park, $15 for Internet in the room, $20+3.50 for delivery and a 22% service fee for an omelette can quickly turn a W stay into an extremely expensive proposition. Thankfully the staff recommended the excellent pastry shop across the street where there were Parisian-quality croissants and good coffee. The location is right in the center of downtown, though the proximity to the convention center means there are not many of the smaller restaurants that one might find in another city.In summary, the W is a beautiful, expensive hotel with great service that is perhaps not the most practical, especially if you've got a family with you. Still, if you stay at the W you know what kind of experience you're getting.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>cleves66
<Content>Very disappointed in almost every way I stayed at the Seattle W for a week in June for a professional conference. I had previously stayed at the W in New Orleans and loved every second of it so I was expecting great things from the W Seattle. I couldn't have been more disappointed. They think darkness equates to ambiance. Wrong. There was no loud music on the elevators. At a W, the elevators are supposed to me like mini-clubs. You meet and party with people on the New Orleans W elevators. The worst thing was the smell when the air conditioning went on. It could best be described at cat little box or pure cat urine. Hotel management did not respond to numerous complaints saying that was the normal lavender musk smell of the W. Right... I just made sure the air never came on when I was in the room. Luckily, Seattle is a great city with lots to do.I did get an email apology from corporate after logging a complaint with Starwood during my stay. Since then, I've only recieved marketing spam from the Seattle W. I'll never stay at the Seattle W again and won't recommend it to anyone.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	2	4	2	2	

<Author>CVCP
<Content>Good location, but with major room for improvement The good: - The location of this hotel is great for those staying in downtown Seattle. You're within walking distrance of nearly all attractions and major business destinations. - Good selection of channels on the TV- As with most W hotels, the bed is comfy . . . . but . . . . The bad: - My wife got bed bugs bites during our stay. Seriously. Obviously this is a major area of concern. I didn't realize that bed bugs were a real phenomenon, but apparently they are. - The valet/garage situation is terrible. Their loading area is far too small for the type of traffic (hotel guests and hipsters at the bar), and so you can wait 5 minutes to valet park your car. The parking staff tries really hard, but they just can't keep up in the cramped space. - Service was spotty. Some people were really helpful, others were totally indifferent. - Lousy water pressure in the shower. Indifferent: I always have mixed feelings about W hotels. I like the hip vibe in the lobby, but there are simple things that feel contrived. For instance, the lighting in the hallways is so dark, you can't see the room numbers. Admittedly a small detail, but sometimes you feel like convienece and ease come at the expense of cool. I don't know . . . maybe I'm just getting old.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	1	2	3	-1	

<Author>quest4
<Content>W is a disappointment We booked this hotel through American Express and received an upgrade to a corner room. The hotel attempts to be cool and edgy by refusing to light the lobby or hallways to a sufficient level. Our room was an Asian inspired minimalist decor which I did appreciate but the furniture lacked sturdiness and had seen better days. I was more disappointed in the service aspects of the hotel than in the room itself. Our room had no directory of hotel services and the front desk did not understand why we were requesting such information. The room service menu was uninspired and expensive. In Seattle on a Sunday evening after 9 p.m. room service was our only option. The general unfriendliness of the hotel staff was apparent.Three of the four days of our stay we had to call and request housekeeping clean our room because it was past 4 p.m. and no one had been in to clean the room. This hotel puts too much emphasis on branding and not enough on guest comfort. It is way overpriced for the facilities and services offered.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	3	2	2	1	2	

<Author>Trav1964
<Content>Know what you are getting I chose to pay to stay at this hotel prior to a conference I was attending even though I had a free room at the convention hotel. I kind of regret it. The hotel is nice, no doubt. Has that edge of coolness that one would expect from a W. However, it is a bit rough around the edges. It seems like a really cool designer, designed the hotel and the execution was on the cheap鈥ops, have I just defined the W brand? Kidding. I live in Dallas and the W in Dallas is one incredible hotel. Definitely not on the cheap. I asked the manager about the state of the hotel and he replied that they were one of the older W hotels and realized their competition and image in other cities. Hopefully they will react and change some things. Unfortunately the things would be hard as they relate to their public areas, etc. These will involve a costly change. I have to throw my thanks to the bar staff here. What a great group. I had so much fun in the bar. Kudos.Don鈥檛 miss The Pink Door. Great pasta and, trust me, you will get some type of show鈥?Also, if you are a little adventurous, search out the restaurant Crave in Pacific Heights. The woman that owns this place is doing amazing things with food and you will delight in the 10 to 12 table environment. A little bohemian, but the food is amazing. You won鈥檛 regret it.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>lagunatravel
<Content>Loathed the W The front desk staff were very pleasant and helpful. But, the hotel is too trendy, too dark and too noisy. The corridors are poorly lit and narrow. The room was shabbyand not very comfortable with a terrible view of a tall parking lot.The window covers do a very poor job of keeping out light fromthe parking lot which was well lit all night. Also, the windows donot open at all and the air conditioner made loud noises all night.The food was mediocre in the dining room. And , it was overpriced.I will not return.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JoaquinTucson
<Content>Over rated .. not worth the $$$ First of all, I'm a Starwood Platinum Member and my family and I stayed for couple of nights here on the way to an Alaska cruise. I had reservation for two rooms using my Starwood points. Upon arrival around 1200pm, I was told that there was one of the rooms ready but the other was being cleaned. We decided to go around town and come back later.At 4pm we arrived back to the hotel and requested our other room, and we were told that was not ready because the guests requested a late checkout and they are cleaning the room. I did not believe that and contacted the Platinum Starwood Member assistance to complain and to check the possiblity to go to the Sheraton couple of blocks away. Once I explained the issue they inmediately contacted the hotel manager and the room, that was not ready 15 minutes ago,now is ready. Wow that was fast!!!!So five hours have gone by since we arrived and finally we have the rooms. The lobby was not that great. Music too loud that we could not hear each other talking. The rooms to fancy and lack of things that now, any other hotel has as a standard, such as microwave, coffee maker. I sent my son to get some ice. Yes, he found some on the 23 rd floor. one bottle of water was given to us as complementary due to the inconvinience for what happen during check in, the cost $8.00 each. and many more disappointments during the stay.If you want coffee in the morning, they tell you to go across the street to Starbucks. Can you believe it!!!! Any way it is cheeper and better.In summary, think twice if going there and staying here. It is not what is advirtised. And I agree with other people regarding hotel personnel. They only greet you upon arrival after that, you are one more guest/person at the hotel.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2007
<Rating>2	1	2	4	4	1	2	-1	

<Author>STBK1998
<Content>LOVE the bed! W is chic and trendy. I liked it. My parents? Not so much. They weren't into the club/lounge scene at night and how dark the hallways were, but they were happy with the size and cleanliness of the room and bathroom.The beds are heavenly (well, they are Simmons Heavenly Beds)! So plus and comfortable and warm. I'm buying one for myself next month! LOL! And I really liked the soaps, shampoos, etc...it's bliss (no pun intended, but seriously, the W uses Bliss Spa products)!The staff greeted us when we walked in, but that was it. We looked for the concierge a few times, but couldn't find him. He was never at his desk. Thankfully, we found what we needed.We didn't eat at the hotel restaurant as we were warned that it's expensive, but the W is within easy walking distance to Pike Place Market and the Elliott Pier. The neighborhood is safe, but there isn't much around in terms of shopping and restaurant. Luckily, the shopping district is about a 15 minutes walk.Upon checkout we were promptly greeted by the woman at the front desk and a bellhop helped us with our bags and flagged a cab.I would stay here again, but if you're older then these types of hotels may not to be your liking. Like I wrote, my parents liked the room, but not the club scene in the lobby especially when we arrived back to the hotel after 10pm.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Formiga
<Content>Over rated For the price you pay, make sure you get one of the better rooms. When we first arrived they tried to put us in a lower level room that looked out directly to a parkade (basically all the cars going up can see you). I made a bit of a stink about it and two rooms later, I got the one I wanted, with a bit of a view for the same price. There's nothing extraordinary about this hotel, the gym is quaint, the rooms are small, the bathroom is actually really big, it was about 1/2 the size of the bedroom...the restaurant is pretty cool.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>thekld
<Content>As far as Ws go, this one is just average       W Seattle - Standard Room  
<Date>Sep 11, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	3	3	3	

<Author>porrazzigirl
<Content>Hotel with no soap My husband and I recently stayed at this hotel for five nights. They are a business hotel with wi-fi on floors 1, 2 and 3. If you're in your room, you pay. We ferried one small sliver of soap from the sink to the tub for a week. An interesting issue considering the price of this room. And the concierge. Hmmm. Well, if you wanted help, forget it. Not available and not interested. Go see the guys at the bar. They were really helpful about what's happening in Seattle! I won't stay here again. Its old, and not very clean.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	4	1	1	1	1	

<Author>Jessi9260
<Content>Loved it I really liked the W but do agree that the extra charges are a bit excessive. 22% room service fee along with $3.50 delivery charge, $36 to valet park, and dont touch the mini bar unless you want to pay $6 for a candy bar. The food is very good from the restaurant. The steak and sexy fries are especially good. I would definitely return to this hotel, probably without a car to park though. Once you get past the cost, it is a great hotel. They often have special offers, we paid about $200 a night in August. I loved the atmosphere, the Bliss products, and the room. Microsuede couch, comftorable bed, plasma tv with dvd player. It was nice after a long day to order room service and watch a movie. They also have an extensive library of cds, movies, and newspapers. We did not take advantage of this but the pay per view movie list was also convenient and featured new releases. When we checked in they had popsicles in ice buckets sitting out. Nice touch.All of the staff is very friendly and helpful. They will bend over backwards to keep you happy. Anytime I called down for something, it was taken care of right away. The person who took our luggage out of the taxi accidentally left a small bag in there. We noticed it that night and got the run around from the cab company. We talked to someone at the front desk the next day, and within an hour the hotel had my bag back. Our luggage was loaded and unloaded for us so we didnt even have to bother with it. Taxis are waiting outside the hotel so you do not have to call one. Overall staying at this hotel was one of the nicer parts of our vacation.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>justaguy76018
<Content>whatever... whatever We stayed at the W August 22-34, 2007. Overpriced and way over rated. Save your money and time. Good location is all it has going for it. Snobby staff and watch out for the valet and parking charges. Ask before you drop your car off what the charges are. Stayed at many 4 and 5 star hotels and have NEVER been charged more than $20 per night as a guest of the hotel. W is $35.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	5	3	3	2	1	

<Author>MtnDog69
<Content>Entirely Too Trendy My wife and I recently stayed at the W Seattle and enjoyed our stay, but there are a few things that prevented me from rating the hotel higher than average. First off, there wasn't a coffee maker in the room. I know it is Seattle and there is a Starbucks on every corner, but this is something that every hotel that I have ever stayed in has. Secondly, this place will nickel and dime you to death. For example: $35 a night for parking and $14 for a small ham and cheese sandwich in the restaurant.I also did not like it when we walked into the hotel on Saturday night and found that the lobby had been turned into the most popular nightclub in Seattle. There was literally a D.J. spinning dance music records very loud in the lobby. All of the beautiful people were there and I was not impressed. If you are snobby, wealthy, or a self centered person this is the hotel for you. It is very dark and the decorations in the common areas are very artsy fartsy. The only reason my wife and I stayed here, was that it was during Sea Fair, and I found a great rate on the W's website. The hotel is located in a fantastic location. We won't be returning.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2007
<Rating>3	4	5	5	4	4	3	4	

<Author>travelfamily3
<Content>The W is overrated This place feels like it tries too hard to be hip. Throbbing music loudly pulses in the lobby, most of the staff is comprised of young trendy men...you get the picture. I thought the bed and the housekeeping was excellent, as were the Bliss products in the bathroom. However, the concierge was condescending and not very helpful. And I found the darkness oppressive. The hallways were intentionally poorly lit, which seems crazy in gray Seattle. Next time I will stay somewhere with more warmth and charm.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kareny13
<Content>Good stay In many ways, very much the W experience: decor, vibe, service... which is a compliment. Though the lobby area is quite small, still very functional and service is very attentive and helpful. Unlike other W's, the elevators are quick! Gym is incredibly small and claustrophobic. Location is excellent - close to all the shops and Pike's Place Market. Good, reliable stay with excellent service  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>kyle34
<Content>W Seattle If you like the W experience, you'll feel right at home in the Seattle property. It's always dark and moody to convey a sense of sophisptication, but it's still a quality upscale business hotel beneath all the branding. The corner suites are very comfortable, with amenities I actually use (adequate deskspace, DVD player, a bathtub large enough to bathe in). The gym is small but features quality equipment unlike so many other business hotels. The bar is actually a happening hot spot, and I feel comfortable lounging in the hotel lobby with the free WiFi. The attached restaurant, Earth  Ocean, is overrated and quite expensive. Like most Ws, the staff are all pretty young hipsters, who nonetheless provide (for the most part) friendly service. I woud highly reccomend the hotel for those who are not bothered by the air of exclusivity that the brand projects, particularly if you can get good rate. In my experience, it has wildly fluctuated throughout the year for both 2006 and 2007.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>cbcito
<Content>Great Hotel...Exceptional Service.       Bedding  
<Date>Aug 5, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BeforeSunrise
<Content>W consistency - a good thing The W hotels are very consistent from city to city. When you're traveling for work, as I was on this trip, that's a good thing. It means I know the front desk will always make me feel special, there will be good Internet access (although I'll always curse when they make me pay for it at these hotel prices!), the room service will be tasty, and I'll get a great night's sleep. This W in particular was extra spacious, with a couch/coffee table sitting area. It's my second time staying there and I'd gladly do it again next time work sends me to Seattle.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>PdxKSD
<Content>Lovely hotel, but watch your credit card for phantom charges We had a very nice stay in this lovely, comfortable, swanky hotel. The location is superb...didn't need our car once. The service was good. The room was spacious with a nice sitting area and flat screen tv, a very luxurious bed and the bathroom was lovely. Unfortunately, we were either overcharged or mischarged twice (one we found three days after we left) so watch your credit card statements. The staff took care of the problem right away, so that is good. I would definitely stay here again. Oh! Avoid their garage...way too expensive. Park in the garage behind the hotel on 5th instead.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>d3graphics
<Content>Great room, bad meeting spaces Although my room had the dreaded parking garage view when I went for a conference, it had the by-far most comfy bed and couch EVER. Our conference seemed very overbooked and the meeting rooms were sardine can small. But the traveling latte bar, between-meeting snacks and on-table waters  candies made up for a lot of personal space invasion. WiFi free in lobby but for a charge in the room made you sort of want to hang out in the over-hip DJed afterdarkness of the couches in the evening. This is not a happening part of town in the evening. It has business district shutdown. Either stick to the lobby area or venture out into the farther neighborhoods. Walking down the dark halls to the blue-lit room numbers, I did feel like I was in Barton Fink or another Coen Bros. movie. Definitely a hotel for the post-hipster or the proto-wannabe. But, really, who can afford more than a night or two just for fun? It was a worthy adventure!  
<Date>Jul 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	4	4	3	

<Author>mbusa
<Content>Rip Off  After a crazy room rate $400 for a king room... this isn't MONTE CARLO, rate and for get having a $10 cocktailCheck this out:Package Handling Policy There is a package handling fee for all incoming and outbound packages. Please contact the hotel directly for the exact fee.I was charged for a FEDEX.... an envelopeBoycott - stay at the MONACO across the street  
<Date>Jul 24, 2007
<Rating>1	1	4	4	4	3	3	1	

<Author>Kmalia
<Content>Good location, service on par with W Hotels I am a fan of the W Hotels Worldwide chain and the W Seattle did nothing to dissuade me. There were a few small snafus, however, the management handled these with care and courtesy.I will start with the positives: The concierge was fabulous, my husband needed a haircut and they recommended Rudy's Barber Shop which did a great job at a very reasonable $10! The rooms were spacious and the beds wonderfully comfortable. The nightime lobby bar was not as 'happening' as in some other cities, however, it was comfortably crowded with beautiful people for a Saturday night and the drinks came quickly and were well-mixed.Some negatives: They charged a friend of ours for a full day of parking when he was only there two hours - we mentioned it to the front desk staff and they promptly corrected this on our bill. Also, we stopped by the front desk at about midnight and asked for a wake-up call for the next morning as we had an international flight to catch, but the call never came, and our 'backup' alarm never went off - so we missed our flight. We were fortunate enough to get on another flight at a minor cost which delayed us approximately half a day. I wrote a letter to the Starwood Customer service center and copied the general manager of the W Seattle. Within 3 days I received a letter from the G.M. stating that they would refund our one night stay in full due to their error. In summary, if you like the ambiance and feel of the W Hotel chain or if you are just looking for a convenient and hip hotel with great service in Seattle you will not be dissappointed with the W Hotel.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	4	4	3	

<Author>sannicandrob
<Content>Great Location, Lively Lobby Bar! I was in Seattle a few months ago on business. The W was in a great spot. I'm not huge fan of riding on a bus, but Seattle has free bus service within a certain radius downtown. The W is in the center so it's so easy to get around. Short walk from the Market and if you're up for it - about 10 to 15 min walk to the space needle. Service was friendly. I arrived early in the a.m. so my room wasn't ready but they checked me in and sent me a text message when it was. I found that pretty cool. Rooms were extravagent, great Starwood/Sheraton-esque beds. Though one downside was the halls were a little dark (typical of a trendier hotel, like those you see in NYC). The bar in the lobby was always jumping and I heard from some other guests that the breakfast was excellent. When I checked in they gave me 2 drink coupons.Hit up Belltown section (short walk) of the city. Great restaurants and cuisine of every kind! BlueWater Grille on Lake Union is also very good. Whether doing business in Seattle or visiting, the W is a good choice. Little pricier, but for a downtown location, the rooms were large and service was good. Worth the extra bucks.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>rkgoshi
<Content>not bad considering price thru hotwire Nice comfortable room with good amenities. nice gym which was free. nice concierge staff. No room service menu when we checked in at midnight. front desk gave us a verbal menu as no room service menu found in entire hotel....went to eat at the w lobby bar instead $90 for fries, avocado, 2 glass of merlot and beer...unfortunately nothing within walking distance at that hour.not sure what regular price but thru hotwire it was worth it. only complaint was the limitations of food latenight other than that good property.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	3	5	3	3	3	

<Author>Dutch Brother
<Content>style and service that exceeds expectations The W might not be everyone's cup of tea, but if you love style and something different, this could be the place for you. Other reviews have described the striking decor and style of service, so I won't repeat it here. I found the style a bit over the top but still a pleasant change from the corporate sameness of other upscale hotels. The staff was very attentive to meeting all my needs and even remembered my name. The valet promptly delivered the car whenever I needed it, although many attractions are within walking distance (Pike Place Market, Pioneer Square, the Seattle Art Museum, etc.). We were given a top floor room even though the discount we received only entitled us to floors in the lower half of the hotel. The beds are as comfortable as advertised. The window couch was comfortable and such a great idea one wonders why other hotels haven't copied this idea. The bathroom was excellent. This is a great hotel and if you can get a decent price, take advantage of it.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>brownsk
<Content>Avoid this place I bought into the W thing early on but I am so over it. Everything in this hotel seems darker than even the other W's I stayed in. When you come in from walking around the city you cannot see a thing let alone find a key. And the loud, thumping music that fills the lobby is not what I want to hear after a long work day. I could not even hear the desk staff. The rooms are way over priced (give me the Sheraton or Westin dream beds!) and I want to see if my room is clean (can't in the dark.) And for a place so dark- blinds on the window that let in all the outside light when you finally do get in bed. They offered to hang black-out curtains so they must have heard this before. I took them up on it the next day. it was a black metal rod crammed in the window with thin, black fabric safety pinned over the rod! Not much better than the blinds! And it is Seattle - NO COFFEE MAKER! Don't even ask about their much touted restauarant - Just dont'!  
<Date>Jul 5, 2007
<Rating>2	1	3	4	1	3	3	1	

<Author>Toofastcat
<Content>The W - Fun diferent and cool too       View from 15th floor  
<Date>Jul 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>rain_monger
<Content>Excellent experience This is the swank hotel for Seattle. As a former resident of Seattle, this was my top pick for a place to stay and it exceeded my expectations. The W is in the perfect location with quick access to Downtown shopping, theater, Pike Street market, and the *must see* new public library.The restaurant was little avant garde for me and a little pricy for what you get, but it was a good experience nonetheless. (Across the street is Sazarac in the Monaco hotel...I'd recommend that for the eating).  
<Date>Jul 2, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>aspnerd
<Content>Great room and stay Stayed here for a few nights on a business trip, great hotel, great room, and great food near by.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>littlemissneve
<Content>Too stylish        Bathroom  
<Date>Jun 19, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	4	2	

<Author>skibuff
<Content>Pre Cruise Stay       Public Library  
<Date>Jun 12, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Business_Visitor1
<Content>Good Quality But Too Big  The rooms and facilities are fine and actually quite spacious, but the problem is the size of the hotel (c. 18 -20 floors and 20-30 rooms per floor at least) which justs make you feel like a cog that passes through without touching the side. Bit of a mixed metaphor I know, but if you like 40-60 room boutique hotels you will know what I mean. All the staff were friendly and helpful, just never saw the same one twice. Good sized gym and location also a plus. Few issues1. the water they leave at the side of your bed is not complimentary (there should be a label telling you this), it is an eye watering c.$12 after tax are added2. in room internet is like $15 plus and is not even free in the business centre - this in the homeland of Microsoft3. food trays seemed to get left outside of rooms for a long time.As I say nothing major wrong - just too big for my taste.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	5	3	3	3	2	

<Author>casanova13
<Content>W. Whatever. Whenever - LOVED IT! I have to say that my stay at the W Seattle was absolutely fantastic and we could not have asked for anything more. We booked the memorial day rate - which was a fantastic deal for this hotel ($179/night)I didn't park a car so I really didn't notice what others have said on this board as a congested front entrance. The Check-in staff were super friendly, and willing to accomodate us in every possible way, including upgrade to a higher floor. The concierge (Adam) was extremely helpful and spent a good 20 min talking with us about places to go, things to do in the city. Kevin the bellman was also extremely helpful. Yes, the hotel caters to a hip and trendy clientele, which is the reason Starwood introduced this chain of hotels in the first place. I would not recommend this hotel for families or those who are looking for some peace and quiet. The lobby is also a bar/lounge with DJ spinning in the late evening. Fantastic spot for younger crowds/singles who are travelling on business. The rooms were very spacious and comfortable (with very comfortable beds!). The hotel is in walking distance to restaurants/shopping and tourists attractions and of course multiple Starbucks! I would definitely stay in this hotel again!  
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>ild
<Content>Techno Trendy with Possiblities While our overall experience at the W Seattle was positive, I will admit to some ambivalence about the place.My wife had expressed an interest in staying at the W so I booked a stay there as part of a Mother's Day weekend celebration. Shortly after booking the room through the Starwood website, I received an email offer to upgrade to a Spectacular room for $30, which I accepted.I also requested to have a special music CD playing when we entered our room. Via email I was connected with Adam Sinding who was my Insider for this request. I arranged to drop off the CD the day before our arrival. Adam was not there when I arrived for the drop-off and I was referred to the young concierge. She struck me immediately as affected and pretentious. I believe she had been trained that putting on airs somehow enhances the status of an establishment. I just find it off-putting.Be prepared for awkwardness on arrival at the W. The drive-up entrance is extremely poorly laid out. You basically are in the street when you pull up and configuration of car/pedestrian access to the check-in area is convoluted and congested. To simplify our arrival we just parked in the adjacent (to the east) Olympic Hotel parking garage and walked the 100 feet or so to the entry.Check-in went very nicely with the staff at the desk very friendly and helpful. (A quick note about staff, they seem to be uniformly amazingly young. This means that you should not expect a great breadth of experience in the hospitality industry.) Guests observed in the lobby area seemed mostly the t-shirt, grungy blue jean, running shoe crowd. This seemed a bit odd giving that the W is not really a cheap place to stay. One of the most striking aspects of the Seattle W is its decor and darkness. Lighting in the halls, elevators and other public spaces without windows is incredibly low and techno. For instance, one needs to be quite close (within a foot or two) of a room door to discern the room number. My wife called the decor urban zen and I think this is probably as good as any moniker.Our room was extremely nice and spacious. And yes, the CD was playing at an appropriate volume when we walked in. The bed was extremely comfortable. The room had very large windows with peek-a-boo views of Puget Sound. A full size chaise was along one wall next to a very nicely equipped desk. The bath was large and had more towels than anyone could use. The faucet handle on the tub/shower was close to breaking so controlling water temperature and pressure was quite difficult. When our car and driver arrived to take us to our evening activities we again were reminded of the extremely poor layout of access to the hotel. The combination of arriving and departing guests, aggressive taxi drivers whipping about and traffic wizzing by make entering and exiting more than an adventure.The Earth and Ocean Restaurant on-site again is very much on the trendy side. We found the staff extremely warm, friendly and professional. The menu selection could only be characterized as super-trendy. Fortunately, the W is in the heart of downtown so there are dozens of super dining options for those not in an adventurous culinary mood. One minor annoyance is that I still don't have a breakdown of what this little adventure cost. Apparently, the W billing system is not capable of providing an up-to-date itemization of charges upon check-out.  
<Date>May 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>martinsa
<Content>Excellent choice Spacious rooms, nice design through out, noisy lobby and bar, dark corridors, excellent service and very comfy beds. If you get a good price I would highly recommend it.  
<Date>May 9, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	2	3	

<Author>juliebug52
<Content>Hip Hotel Fails to Please Ok I am a Starwood member and have wanted to stay at the W. The baseball teams stay here. The rooms were spacious and the staff friendly. Nice artwork... BUT No coffee pot in the room? This is Starbuck's flagship city. The lobby had LOUD techno type dance music blarring even early in the morning. I am not sure what their target market is but I heard more than one person complaining about it. At least play something I recognize, like Jimi Hendrix. The halls are dimly lit which I didn't like it. Some may call this hip and trendy, I call it, I won't be back!  
<Date>Apr 25, 2007
<Rating>2	3	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>djr76
<Content>A little too clubby for me I have never stayed at a W before, I have had many a martini at the San Francisco W but never stayed over night. The W Seattle is not as impressive as the San Francisco location. The lobby of the hotel is chopped into two different sections, reception and the living room lounge area. The reception is where you first enter and leaves a lot to be desired. Check in went smooth except that they stuck us in a room that looked out on to a parking garage (we asked for a nice view because it was my husbands birthday). Once we were switched we were fine with our room (even though no assistance was offered to move our luggage).The main problem that I had with this hotel is that I felt that it was trying to be so hard to be cool and hip that they over did it. I mean who really wants to walk into a blue dimly lit hallway at 10am or listen to house music in the restroom when you are heading out to breakfast. There is a time and place for these things and the morning did not feel like that time.Another strange thing that happened during our stay is that 20-30 young people were staying at the hotel (in their teens) and all the hallways reeked of pot. One day they camped out in the lobby and were sprawled across the couches and by the fire drawing pictures, reading magazines and on the floor taking naps for hours. No other guests could access any part of this area during this time.Although we got a great deal and the hotel was in very easy walking distance to everything, I would probably opt to stay at one of the many other hotels in the surrounding area.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2007
<Rating>3	2	4	5	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>California3
<Content>W / A Business Stay Dimly lit facilites and noisy rooms. Not an appropriate hotel for a business trip with hosted business meetings actually in the hotel.Heard neighbors next door and upstairs through very thin walls and floors. Very good room service food. No issues with billing, and mostly helpful staff.Bottom line: Great location but very noisy. Not a good place for business meetings  
<Date>Apr 21, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	2	4	3	3	4	3	

<Author>ChicagoFlynn
<Content>Cool I found the W Seattle to be as advertized - trendy, pricey and spectacular. The rooms are more spacious than other W's I've stayed at and the service was impeccable. The views of Puget Sound and downtown were nothing short of breathtaking. If you don't mind spending a bit more, the W is for you.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>pipeman28
<Content>Great stay at the W I booked a great on-line rate for the W Seattle for a weekend in March and then got nervous when I read the reviews here. I'm happy to report that our stay was a positive experience. The staff were friendly and helpful, the rooms were clean and comfortable (though terminally trendy), and we had a great view over the downtown area.Parking was a bit pricy, but that's what you get at a high end hotel in a downtown area when there's no other options.I'd stay again.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>StellaVancouver
<Content>Terrible Service at the W Hotel! I stayed at the W, Seattle in January 2007, and I have to say I was quite disappointed in the service. Firstly, I should say that it is a well designed hotel, so I definitely appreciated the ambiance, however, service was not very good. Upon entering our room, the toilet was dirty! When we complained about it, they did offer to switch our room, which was a nuisance since I literally unpacked everything! But they promised it would be an upgrade. To our dismay, the only difference with the new room was that it had a built-in bench by the window instead of two chairs. The other problem was that we asked for hot water to make baby formula. They told me I had to pay $6 for that... to make baby formula! I couldn't believe what a rip-off that was. Unfortunately, it was late in the evening, so I just paid the ridiculous price. I would have just boiled hot water in the coffee maker if they had a coffee maker like their room booklet said they should have, but of course, after having opened for 8 months, they said they still were ironing out the kinks. The one positive thing is that I complained about this issue the next day, and they did reimburse us for the water, but if first impressions are important for a classy hotel chain such as the W, I can't say that I was very impressed at all.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2007
<Rating>2	3	4	5	2	3	1	-1	

<Author>lifeofbryan
<Content>Plush elegance. I loved every minute! I usually try to stay at Starwood hotels because I am a member of their points program. The W Seattle is the hippest Starwood property I have stayed at!From the well decorated rooms, stunning reception, friendly staff, to the wall hung LCD in my guest room... Amazing!I felt pampered just sleeping in the most comfortable bed I have ever had the pleasure of resting on.The mood the the W Seattle creates from the second you Valet your car to the end of the night when you close your eyes is pure chic.Do... Experience W Seattle!  
<Date>Apr 3, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>eoleParis
<Content>Overated trendy I had heard about the coolness of the W hotel so I was looking forward to it, being more used to Seattle's Marriott in the suburbs. Well, the W does look good, particularly the lobby and restaurant, there is definitively an atmosphere. But, as it happens often with trendy hotel; it's more window dressing than actual value.the W is basically a 1930's revamped hotel where they renovated the basic rooms with a few cool looking pieces of furniture/colour scheme but the air conditioning is still super loud, you can hear whatever happens in the corridor from the bed and the neighbours. The bed is not particularly comfortable and the wide screen LCD TV, a good idea in itself, is positioned at an awkward angle (ie on the wall opposite the bed but not in front but more to one side). Being cool, all practical  boring infos about the hotel (such as internet rates, check out times etc...) are hard to find in their little paint palette like booklet. If you want internet, you basically have to have an ethernet cable as no wifi is available (low tech hey). And that cable is not in the room of course, given the exhorbitant prices of everything, I gave up without even asking...The in house DVD collection sounded cool as well (and free, an event here) but unfortunately, maybe it was bad luck, but the DVD was worn out and freezing every 30 secs so also gave up. The biggest letdown was the room service. The restaurant has a very good reputation locally but room service is 1/ daylight robbery 2/ food is so so. 46$ for a minuscule chicken sandwich and asparagus food is crazy :So, all in all, this was not a good experience and I will certainly not return if I have a choice. FYI I stayed 2 nights.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2007
<Rating>3	2	3	3	3	3	3	2	

<Author>SwatBrat
<Content>Excellent decor and ambience; so-so room service Stayed here in Feb 2007 for two nights. The rooms were spacious and very comfortable. Tasteful modern interior design, flat screen TV; all very nice. The hallways were a little too dark...but I see where they were going with the idea! :)I was however rather disappointed with the room service. My dinner arrived on the cold side and didn't seem very fresh. I'd stay here again in a heartbeat; but I'll definitely be spending my food dollar elsewhere.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	3	2	

<Author>allenak5
<Content>Great stay at the W Just returned from a 5 night stay at the W Seattle and really enjoyed my time there. Like all W Hotels, the lobby decor is trendy, dark, and moody. Our room was large, with nice city views, a,super-comfy bed, and a big bathroom stocked with fabulous Bliss products (the best part about staying in a W Hotel if you ask me!). There were some really nice features of the hotel, like the cozy lobby with big fireplace, free hot chocolate, a tiny gym, and a great bar. This hotel is also well-located, just a few blocks from Pike Place Market and Pioneer Square, and literally next door to shopping. Service was friendly and helpful.My only complaint was the exorbitantly high cost of extras--including the internet, valet parking, and food. There was free Wi-Fi in the lobby, but this is less than ideal for business travellers. Overall, though, I really enjoyed the W and would stay there if I find myself in Seattle in the future.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>Wuah
<Content>Trendy, but Friendly Stayed with friends in two rooms for a fun weekend. Trendy hotel with the standard W look. Rooms are a little bit on the small side - particularly considering the prices you are paying - but that's pretty standard for all the W hotels I have stayed at. Most everything is a bit on the pricey side.Hotel help was very friendly and helpful all the way around (front desk, bellhops, bar/restaurant). Terrific location in Downtown Seattle. A very reasonable walk up to the shopping areas, down to the stadiums, or over to Pike's Market - very centrally location.Beds are very comfortable, and room were very clean and has all the standard W upscale comforts (LCD TV, Stereo, well stock mini bar.) Nice modern decor.In short, nice hotel with good hotel amenities - but you aren't going to be spending a lot of time in the room and taking advantage of them - there are more reasonably priced options for hotels in the area.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Cecili
<Content>has location and ambience but pricey. not pleased with some services Stayed here for 2 nights to attend a wedding. Although the ambience and style was nice for the wedding and reception and exactly what the bride wanted, I was not pleased with other services. Hotel was dark, guess that caters to the hip and trendy crowd.The cost of parking and drinks was ridiculous. Parking was twice the amount I paid even in Hawaii at an upscale hotel . Be careful if you have a promo code for discounted rooms, they did not work for us.I must say that the beds are comfortable as well as the pillows. On that note, be aware that they allow animals here. My son received numerous bites the first night. We were on the 14th floor but did not have a view as such, as we were on the north side of the hotel. Housekeeping discarded items that were not to be discarded even thou they were with the tux rental bags left on the bed. I agree with the other reviewer, eat breakfast at the Pike Place Market or even McDonalds at Westlake Center if your watching your pennies. But then again staying at The W is NOT watching your pennies. If I ever have to stay in Seattle again, I will not be choosing The W.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2007
<Rating>2	1	3	3	3	3	2	-1	

<Author>Resort_Employee
<Content>Wow! Wow! What a Wonderfully Wild, Whimsical W hotel.Though I live in British Columbia, this was my first time that I have hopped across the border to hang out and stay in Seattle. This was also my first time staying at a W Hotel.After reading reviews on this hotel, I was skeptical as to whether or not the service and ambience of this hotel would render a pleasant stay or not. My skepticisms, however, were put to rest shortly after arrival at the W.I booked a 'Wonderful Room' (i.e. basic room) at the W for 2 nights in mid-February '07. Here's an overview of my stay:Pro's:-Service: Speedy  Friendly. Staff aimed to please. Upon check-in, I received a complimentary room upgrade! I was even given a complimentary toothbrush/tube of toothpaste when I informed the front desk that I had forgotten mine at home.-Ambience: Everything at this hotel is modern and very cool. There was a DJ playing in the lobby Saturday night!-Rooms: Functional and Beautiful. Comfy beds and nice sized LCD TV. Housekeeping also supplied new toiletries/towels etc. each morning!-Location: No need for a car or anything! Everything in downtown Seattle worth doing is in walking distance.Con's:-Pricing: The room is worth the price if you have a view or get some sort of discount. Room service and amenities, however, like most hotels of this calibre, are outrageously overpriced.-Bathroom: Cool sink! Great toiletries! But the tub is very average and drab.-Hallways: Woulden't hurt if they were brighter.-Restaurant Servers: 50/50. Staff are attentive and efficient, but not always warm and inviting.Overall:From check-in to check-out, I had a great experience at the W Seattle. The hotel is not exactly cheap and it is not without its shortfalls, but it should not be overlooked when booking a room in this gorgeous city!  
<Date>Feb 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	5	

<Author>blsandler
<Content>Overrated and overpriced We stayed at the W for a few nights in July. While the location was pretty central and the bar scene was fun, we has a few negative experiences that would dissuade me from returning. First, the staff was snooty and unhelpful. Whether it was dinner suggestions or directions, they were of little help and did not want to lift a finger for us. Another major drawback was the service. Other than the fact that the televisions were broken, the room was not serviced by housekeeping on more than one occasion. We had to keep calling housekeeping to get them to clean the room, and when they did, they would not provide new toiletrees or enough towels. Additionally, the bathrooms need a lot of remodeling - it was very old and uninviting. The bar at the hotel is certainly trendy and fun, but I would stay at the Fairmont in the future. Same location, same cost and much, much nicer.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	2	1	3	

<Author>tchrtravler
<Content>A stylish, relaxing vacation The hotel looks exactly like the pictures on the web...stylish, modern decor. I didn't find the halls as dark as other reviewers seemed to think...I did find the bed VERY comfortable, and the room clean  modern. It did seem to be a hangout spot for the 25-35 crowd for drinks. The front desk staff was knowledgeable and efficient. Our remote control was broken, but replaced quickly. I would go back again  stay again at the W.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>scruffty
<Content>Pretty Good!         
<Date>Jan 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>vancouverkitty
<Content>Stunning hotel! I don't have tons to say about this hotel, as we were there for only 12 hours or so... but we loved everything we saw.the hotel is very beautiful and chic. decor is top notch. and the staff are exceedingly helpful and friendly.the room we stayed in was a large corner suite with a view of the city and partial view of the water. the bed was one of the nicest i've ever slept in, complete with a pillow menu.really nice spa quality shampoo, conditioner, lotion and face wash in the bathrooms.the only issues we encountered was our room being a bit delayed for check in. we were sent to the hotel bar with a $25 gift certificate to kill the time. very nice gesture, however the bar is VERY expensive, so that only bought two drinks. the next day when we checked out, they comp'd our valet parking as well for our inconvenience. that was great since valet was $32 a day (yikes)we would for sure stay here again, but it's not for people watching their pennies. it's a splurge, but worth it for a nice night away.  
<Date>Jan 17, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Beaujolais
<Content>W-onderful! Stayed here in October for a birthday weekend trip. Absolutely loved it! We booked thru Starwood using Starwood points and had a corner Wow room. They were right - walked in - saw the room and view and said 'Wow!'. Room colors are very monochromatic with a splash of color here and there in pillows etc. Bliss products were waiting in the good size, modern bathroom along with the W bathrobes. The corridors are dark but it just lends the theme to this very modern, younger set location. Seattle, we found, attracts the vibrant, young go-getters. The downtown area is brimming with fabulous restaurants, cafes and other nightlife. Every member of staff was extremely helpful and courteous. The concierge was very knowledgable and was always kept busy. The hotel had lots of sitting areas. So, rather than being restricted to your room if you wanted to surf on your laptop or do some work, you could be part of the action and enjoy the fireplace and couches in the lobby or couches in the quieter section on the second floor. They played the best music all the time - like dance/house. Loved it! They had W candles burning all over, emanating a wonderful aroma/atmosphere. There was free Starbucks coffee in the bar area in the mornings. This little tidbit alas, we did not discover until the day we were leaving. The info was on a small card in the room but we missed it. There is a full service Starbucks right across the street. Being Seattle, there is a coffee shop on EVERY corner it seemed. We had breakfast at the hotel restaurant the first morning. The decor was impressive but the service and food was lacking - especially for the price. This was our only disappointment. We would recommend that you grab your free Starbucks, walk a couple of blocks towards Pikes Place and enjoy breakfast in one of Seattle's great cafes. The Crumpet Shop for one is well worth a visit. The hotel bar was well stocked and the atmosphere pleasant in the evenings when it seemed to attract the high-flyers of the city.The location cannot be beat. Only four blocks from Pikes Place with LOTS of restaurants and shops in between.You will not be disappointed if you choose to stay here. Just be aware that it is very modern and 'hip'. If you want something more 'traditional' stay at the Westin.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MissSpdx
<Content>Not worth the money I have to echo other's concerns about the astronomical expenses (parking, room service, etc) and poor service at the W. I stayed at this hotel with a couple of friends expecting a pleasant stay at a swanky hotel. Realize that the money you're paying (and you'll likely pay a lot) is mostly for the ambiance--although rooms were utterly lacking in character and the nightclub lighting in the hallways was almost creepy, the lobby says it all as far as this hotel's trendy aspirations. We made only two minor requests during our stay, and on the second one ( a request for silverware) we were lectured that we would be charged for our next non-revenue request. Apparently the whole whatever, whenever motto should come with another line: for the right price. Staff seemed like they couldn't be bothered, room was bland and unimpressive besides a nice television and a comfortable bed. The hotel is in a good location, but so are a lot of other nice, less expensive hotels that offer better service, like the Olympian across the street or the Westin. Unless you get a very good deal at the W ($150/nt), it's not worth the money.  
<Date>Jan 12, 2007
<Rating>2	1	2	4	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>Diana482
<Content>Great Stay at W Seattle! Stayed here in July with my boyfriend for $200 a night. We found the hotel very romantic and were not bothered by the dark hallways. Our first room had a very noisy air conditioner - but after a quick call to the front desk, we were moved to a new room with no problems and a better view! Our room was beautiful - I especially enjoyed the bathroom and comfy bathrobes! The bed was so comfortable! We also worked out in the gym, which while very small is fine for one or two quick cardio workouts.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Lorrayne G
<Content>Happy in the W! I stayed at the W in Seattle for 3 nights from December 11th on business. The rooms are lovely, really tastefully decorated and a huge comfy bed with everything in perfect working order. Certainly couldn't ask for more from a hotel room. As I was there on business I can't comment too much on the overall hotel itself as I left at 7.30am without breakfast and got back after dinner each night after 10pm to go straight to bed! However, I can understand why people might think that the hotel is stingy with extras as the bottle of still water that is normally provided free of charge in hotels like the Hilton was $8.00 (albeit the bottle was large)! The price marked on it was so tiny that I didn't notice it until I had opened it after waking up in the night with a thirst. The reception of the hotel was very trendily decorated and was very dark. I loved the little touches like the door mat at the front of the hotel saying 'Good Evening' 'Good Afternoon' and 'Good morning' depending on the time of day. The valet staff were great too - they literally ran into the road each morning to flag down a taxi for me. My colleague stayed at the Hilton around the corner and was very envious when he dropped by the hotel to see me one day - considering he had paid a much higher price for his room, he would much rather have stayed at the W.Finally, I was quite surprised to walk in on my last evening (Thursday) and find a DJ playing music and lots of people who were not guests sitting in the lobby bar drinking and dancing - the hotel felt like it had suddenly turned into a nightclub and was packed out. I certainly couldn't have sat there and had a quiet drink, so went straight to my room. I think it's a 'novel' idea but not really what I want or expect from a hotel........ It definitely caters for the younger set (20s to 30s). If I was staying there with a family or as an 'older' couple I would want to know about this before making my reservation as it might affect my decision.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>Intrigued
<Content>Its not worth it!!!!!!!! Do not stay here unless you want to be ignored, put on hold, charged un realistic amount of money for room service, I just do not understand this click of a hotel concept whom would possibly want to 250$ and up a night for these experiences?? Could someone please explain this to me???Stay at the Fairmont Olympic next door great service, super friendly staff very welcoming made us feel totally at home and we were not even guests aghhhhhh...............  
<Date>Dec 10, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	3	3	3	1	1	1	

<Author>no-more-hotelw
<Content>Don't pay to stay here! We have never had such a bad experience at a hotel. The service was the worst I have seen, and the costs were astronomical. $8 for a bottle of water, $70 for two days of parking, and $80 for a cheese and meat platter that was stale (and that's 1.5 hours after ordering). Fire alarm testing at 9am (which lasted 40 minutes), without any pre-warning. The valet was rude, and actually stuck out his hand for a tip. The concierge was not helpful, and on two ocassions, turned and walked away.Conclusion: We wouldn't stay here again, even if it was free.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2006
<Rating>1	1	4	5	5	1	1	2	

<Author>mlasser
<Content>Great hotel. Bad restaurant. The hotel is dynamite. Incredible rooms and furnishings. Flat panel TV's. Cool lobby. Hip front desk staff. Great concierge.Got great hotel treatment as a W The Card holder.Do avoid the restaurant. The staff are terrible. We waited forever to get seated in an empty breakfast seating. Ten minutes to get water and coffee. IHOP does better!Guy next to us complained about food and another couple waited so long for a hostess (Still 90% empty restaurant) that they sat themselves.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>fortq
<Content>Good Hotel in Good Location If you like the minamilist look this is the place for you . Busy lobby and public spaces but serene away from them. Service was first rate . Will stay here again.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>asiln28
<Content>w seattle is fine.       display center and desk  
<Date>Nov 14, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	-1	-1	

<Author>UniversityLad
<Content>Trendy, Good Service, Tasty Breakfast, Great Location       nice comfy window seat  
<Date>Oct 24, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>TG79
<Content>Stay here alot, service is pretty consistent I stay at the W Seattle on a regular basis and overall I would say the experience is above average and the service is consistent. My only criticism is the menu in the restaurant is extremely limited, and the room service menu isn't much better.Other than that, no complaints.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	5	3	4	4	3	

<Author>TravelSea
<Content>Wow! Unbelievably poor service with arrogance at every step. This hotel is directly across the street from my office. I toured it shortly after its opening, and thought I'd stay someday as an in-city treat. What a mistake. I purchased the room at a charity auction. It was packaged with two tickets to the Seattle Symphony, and sold as attend the symphony and then stay at the W. When I got home and opened the envelope I purchased, I found that the symphony tickets were for Thursday performances; the W Hotel stay was for any Friday or Saturday night. At first I thought it was a mix-up by the charity, and frankly, it was for charity and I didn't really care. But after my experience with the arrogant, sloppy and just horrifically bad service at the W, I now wonder if the mistake was theirs.When I realized the room and tickets were incompatible, I decided to use the room as a surprise for the BF. I procured theatre tickets to a sold out show, and called the W to make a reservation. After being on hold for at least 10 minutes while the operator tried to figure it out, I was sent to the 800 number. The 800 operator was not exactly rude, but disinterested, uninformed, and generally oozed negative attitude. She, too, couldn't figure it out, and it literally took over 1/2 hour to make the reservation.When I made the reservation, I also told the operator that I wanted a corner room with a view and would pay whatever it took to upgrade to it. She assured me that I would have a corner room on a high floor with a view, and even after I offered THREE TIMES to pay for an upgrade, she told me (coldly and condescendingly (difficult to articulate)) that it would not be necessary and that I would get my request.You can see where this is going. When we arrived for check in, they gave us a corner room on the 5th floor in the back of the building, facing the wall of the Four Season's garage across an alley. When I spoke to the disinterested I'm too cool for my job desk clerk, the best I could get was a regular room on a somewhat higher floor, also in the back of the building, this time overlooking the same garage by about 10 feet. No apology, no real help, and attitude. By the way -- when I presented the 'bearer certificate' that I discussed with the reservation department for over 30 minutes earlier in the day, Mr. Hip had no idea what to do, called over an apparently more experienced version of himself, and the two of them took 20 minutes to, you guessed it, figure it out.Trying to keep a positive outlook, the BF and I decided to go to Earth and Ocean, the hotel restaurant. It was a busy Saturday night. We stood in a highly trafficked area and were ignored until I was able to stop the greeter, who told me they were no longer serving in the dining room, but we could order from a bar menu at the bar. Then he walked away. I mean, literally -- just walked away without additional comment, leaving us to figure out if we should seat ourselves, wait for someone else, or move into the lounge area. After a moment, we were able to stop another staff member who handed us two sticky bar menus while we were still standing in that odd, highly trafficked area, and I swear -- he, too, just walked away without comment. We left and went to a bistro down the street.The room was okay, albeit dark and facing the roof deck of the garage across the alley; the bathroom was dirty and well below five star standards.We left the next morning, and the portfolio read zero balance. While I was very disappointed with the attitude and service of the staff from beginning to end, thought the room was substandard, and had paid several hundred dollars for a package that was not a package, I thought I'd just let it go and remember that at least the charity made out well.Then, of course, I get my credit card bill. Yep, you guessed it. They charged me for the privilege of being ignored, condescended to, spending (between the two operators) over forty-five minutes to even make a reservation, and placing me in a substandard room with a dirty bathroom. I called them to correct the latest mistake in a series of mistakes, and after explaining the situation to someone in their reservation department, was forwarded to the guest services manager. I can't articulate the attitude well at all -- but at least it's consistent. Disinterested and arrogant is the best way to describe it. He told me that he would look into it, and call me back. Two days later I got a voicemail from him asking for the charity I purchased the room from, because he couldn't find the certificate. At this point, I was furious and didn't immediately return the call. About an hour later, he called again and told me he found the certificate and would be refunding the $230.00 charge to my card. The entire conversation took less than 30 seconds, and ended with a curt, perfunctory and insincere apology. Period.Wow... Just unbelievable. I don't see why anyone would want to stay here. The rooms are average at best, the bathroom was dirty, and the service was just too hip and arrogant to be anything but worthless. The location is good, poised strategically between the financial and retail districts downtown, but so are several other very fine hotels. If you come to Seattle, stay in the area, but don't stay at this facility. I can't imagine anyplace that would reflect more poorly on our city.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	4	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>LaniStPaul
<Content>where's my coffee?? I've stayed at the W Seattle a few times, and have found that its a matter of style over substance. Yes, its a very cool place: most of the staff look like secret service agents with the earpiece and wire; the Bliss soap and shampoo products are trendy, and the beds are wonderful. That said, there is a sense that the hotel has already fallen on hard times. Housekeeping is consistantly poor considering the hotels' class and price (mold/mildew in the shower in all three rooms Ive been in; debris and garbage from previous occupants not cleaned away; used towel still hanging on the bathroom door hook). They have recently removed the coffee makers from all the rooms. They said you can get a free cup in the lobby bar in the morning (which when I did was a thermos of lukewarm old coffee). Room service prices are absurd, and the high speed internet access is $15 a day. For business folks, the chair at the desk in the room is far too low (a pretty basic faux pas at a business hotel) and you end up having to put several pillows underneath you to put you at a level where you can work comfortably. The W chain tries way too hard but fails to deliver on the basics. For the money, there are better choices, although I guess if seeing people like Bono and the New York Yankees in the hotel bar is a draw, this is a good place.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2006
<Rating>3	2	4	5	1	2	2	3	

<Author>strada
<Content>Too noisy! I stayed in a corner room with a great view of the city, I liked everything about my room. However, I advise that you don't take the corner rooms -- because of the noise produced by the traffic around the building is just too much that I didn't sleep well...  
<Date>Oct 12, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	5	4	3	3	4	

<Author>SeismicGuy
<Content>The Ultimate Cliche I recently was in the Seattle area for a combination business and pleasure trip. For the business part I opted for a great deal for one night at the W as it is near where I needed to be. To say the hotel is understated is an understatement. Yes, it is chic and slick feeling but the aim is clearly for twentysomething to thirtysomething hipsters. There was not a time when I walked through the lobby (pardon me, lounge) when there were not one or several people busily engrossed with their laptops. I guess being seen yakking away on a cell phone has become passe and now you must be seen with your laptop to be considered fashionably hip. Of course there was always new age or soft jazz music along with subdued lighting to keep the hipsters comfortable.The room was also decorated in a hip understated way and was actually very comfortable--especially the bed and pillows. But navigating down the darkened hallways to find your room can be a challenge. After coming back in the evening after dining at a nearby restaurant, I thought perhaps the hotel had not paid their electric bill as the lobby (pardon me, lounge) area was lit almost entirely by dim candlelight. Of course the glows from the laptops helped a bit.To be honest, the service was very good and not intrusive. But the overall experience at the W just seemed like I was living in a cliche.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>TamiM
<Content>Nice, but not amazing Hotel is in a central location which makes it easy to see all of downtown on foot. Swanky, stylish lobby was refreshing. Rooms were fine, but as this was a splurge I found it a bit too business like than as stylish as their lobby. Also, only valet parking was available which meant a charge of $31 a nice, + tips for parking! For a 4 star hotel, the bathroom was dirty and the shower stall full of mould, mildew and softening drywall. That's unacceptable for a hotel of that rate and star class. Other than that disappointment I would say its a fine hotel, but if its more than you usually would spend, I would go elsewhere.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2006
<Rating>3	2	3	3	2	3	4	-1	

<Author>rsgardner
<Content>Wow at the W What a wonderfully different hotel.As a 4-star hotel it was top-notch. Very sleek and modern, and yet extremely comfortable. Rooms were very cool with plasma TV on the wall.Only down side was the lack of coffee making facilities in the room, although the Seattle Coffee Co was only two doors down (or the dreadful Starbucks across the road).The W will definitely be my choice of hotel if I ever return to Seattle  
<Date>Oct 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>kramerk94132
<Content>W Needs S'more Customer Service While the room itself was pretty nice, with a good view and an alcove couch, I was not impressed by the rest of the hotel. I spent two weeks emailing back and forth with the whatever whenever service at the W Seattle to try to arrange for a special fantasy camping surprise for my fiance who loves to camp. We finally came up with s'mores, which the woman from the whatever whenever service told me the kitchen could definitely do. She priced it out for me, and I okayed it and asked for it at 10 PM, when we were due to arrive. It was not ready for us, and the man at the front desk told me that it could be done the next day at 3 PM. We rushed back to our room the next day to make it there by 3 PM, but no s'mores. I called the front desk to ask what happened. Apparently, no one went out to get the materials and I was asked if I could wait another 45 minutes to an hour. We had dinner reservations with friends whom we had not seen in quite some time, so I had to say no. Nothing was offered to compensate for this fiasco, not even a sincere apology. I was asked if the manager could call me, and I said that would be fine. The manager never called me. Only when I complained the following day at check out was anything done. I was given two tickets for free drinks at the W Bar and told not to spend over $15 dollars per drink! This was all extremely rude. I have never had a problem in another hotel like this. Friends of mine who have had problems at hotels have received more of a concerned response from staff and management. This hotel definitely did not have five-star service!  
<Date>Aug 29, 2006
<Rating>2	1	4	4	3	2	1	-1	

<Author>AntZuzu
<Content>Interesting... This hotel was best described by a woman who rode up the elevator with me on day two of my 7-day stay at the W; ...I am as hip as the next person, but I need some LIGHT...This re-done hotel - tucked behind the historic Fairmont Olympic Hotel Seattle on 4th St - is hip. But if you have trouble seeing, bring a flashlight! Elevators have dark carpet and two tiny pendant lights - and those elevators are FAST, so be ready to jump on and jump off! Lobby is two-level and lighted by tea-lights.Great sleeping room (choose the upgrade, if you can - it is worth it!) with wide screen, flat-panel TVs. Great shiny bathrooms, good office space and comfy couch. Prompt room service, which is good because the honor bar is really expensive. Not much of a RS selection, but that's okay, because there are plenty of wonderful places to eat in walking distance (like Schuckers - next door!). Coffee lovers dream (Starbucks, SEattle's Best and Tully's all very close!) Short walk downhill to shopping... Long walk uphill with purchases!One big downer - no pool!  
<Date>Aug 25, 2006
<Rating>3	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>jpdilly
<Content>Always Great! The W is always a great stay! Have stayed here several times and am still overwhelmed by the hospitality, helpful staff, and amazing hotel rooms. Front desk was very helpful at recommending late night dining. Earth  Ocean bar is beautiful and the drinks are well worth it! Bliss bath products add a great touch!  
<Date>Aug 21, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Fam1ly
<Content>Don't waste your money -- service here is unbelievably bad The motto of this hotel is Whatever, Whenever. This claim of exceptional service is the reason that the W is very highly priced. Our family checked in late on a Sunday night, and asked for an extra blanket. After 4 phonecalls to the Whatever, Whenever line, and 80 minutes, the blanket arrived in our room. On our 2nd phone call which was 45 minutes after we requested the blanket, the assistant manager with whom we spoke said that she would follow up on the blanket and call us right back. She did not. In the middle of the night our message light started blinking (although we were not on the phone and did not receive any phone calls). In the morning my husband called to retrieve the message, and was told that we did not have one. The message light continued to blink. Later, at about 9am, I called to try to retrieve the message, but after 30 rings with no answer, I gave up. I called the manager on duty to express my dissatisfaction with the service. He was apologetic, but did not offer to compensate us in any way, for example by waiving the $31 parking fee. Since our return home, we received an automatic email asking for our comments on our stay. I replied with the information herein. I have received no response from either this hotel or the W chain. From this set of experiences, I would conclude that the W is not at all interested in traveller satisfaction. We will never stay at a W again!  
<Date>Aug 20, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rr0001
<Content>Nice overall hotel. Very nice quality room. The couple of small maintence problems were taken care of quickly. Had a room on the 19th floor for four nights in July. This building is short compared to the surrounding buildings. The location is within short walking distance to much of the downtown. The view from the room was the only disappointment. If a good view is an important factor to you, choose a different hotel.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>joepinstripe
<Content>God-awful This tale of woe is in regard to a one night stay on July 15.In the mood for an in-town get-away, I decided to surprise the Sig Other with a surprise night in a W Hotel suite. Upon checking room availability online, I saw no suites were available, so I called the hotel and learned that all their suites were being renovated. Fair enough, so i decided to reserve a corner room on a high floor.I arrived at the hotel 30 minutes after check-in time to process the check-in and get my room keys so that later I could return with the SO and go right to the room. Upon arrival, I was met with huge lines at the check-in desk...it took me 20 minutes to get to the front desk. Now that it was nearly 4:00pm, and having waited in the very slow line, I was stunned to learn my room was not yet ready. I had to be home within an hour to meet my SO and still had to secretly pack a bag with extra toothbrushes, PJs, etc. I was told they would work as hard as they could to get me a room quickly. In the meantime, I decided to arrange for a bottle of Champagne to be in my room upon arrival. I was ushered to the Conceirge, who basically could not have been less interested. When I asked her if she was certain they could have the bottle on ice in the room at 5:30pm, she looked at me as if I were from outer space. I should have known this was only a hint of things to come...Well, I was driving home to frantically pack, and then drive back to do the room key, then drive home to meet my SO -- yeah, I really like him so I go to this kind of trouble LOL -- when the guy at the desk called and said the room was ready. So I threw a few things in a bag and drove back downtown to get the key.Surprise! Another epic line. And people were yelling at the desk clerks and general mayhem was ensuing. Apparently, there was only ONE single bellhop for the entire hotel on a busy Saturday. Genius. Well, while waiting in line I told several people about tripadvisor.com so hopefully they will post here, too.I got to the desk, got my keys, and was running back out the door and said, You won't forget the Champagne, right? And they all smiled and said it was all set.One hour later, I arrived and told the SO that some friends had invited us up to their room for a pre-dinner drink. I entered room 2120 to find...no Champagne. I called downstairs in a wee bit of a rage and was told We knocked on the door but no one answered so we didn't want to come in and disturb anyone. I replied that no one had answered the door, because I wasn't in the room and since there was no Do Not Disturb sign on the door and since I had requested the bottle be waiting for my arrival, I was dismayed, mystified and peeved that they had blown the one most important element of the surprise overnight. Completely unacceptable at any price, but at $300+ it was ridiculous!They said they would have the bottle right up there and I said they were welcome to send it up if they would give me a break on the price, otherwise, forget it. She said she would do what she could.Which was, in a word, nothing. The bottle was delivered with a full price bill. I was insulted. I told the man that I was refusing the bottle and to take it back (it was unopened). He mumbled something and left the room without removing the bottle! I had to call down and ask for the bottle to be collected which it was.We ended up drinking the half-bottle from the mini-bar. After taking showers, we discovered there was only one bathrobe. I called down for one, and it was delivered quickly (albeit on a wire hanger...all the hangers in the closet were wood, so this looked tacky.)The room is nice, in fine shape, and the view was spectacular. I can say that much.At check-out the next day, the clerk was very apologetic and comped the half-bottle of Champagne when I told her of how completely unpleasant the experience had been.The W is very much form over function. I guess Seattle still doesn't have an interesting, cutting edge, non-dowdy, non-business-drone hotel. I would never return to the W and plan to share this opinion with my friends and fellow frequent business travelers.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2006
<Rating>1	1	4	5	4	1	1	-1	

<Author>tcwan001
<Content>Did Dieter stay here? Remember SNL's Dieter (Mike Myers)? That's the character who came to mind when we thought about who designed this place. Contemporary throughout... felt like we should all wear black, even the hallways were barely lit. The value is comparable to every other downtown hotel...pricey. It's in a good location. We walked everywhere from Chinatown to the Space Needle. The piers  Pike Market are easily walkable. Every person from the front desk, concierge, luggage people, housekeepers, etc was friendly  helpful. The beds are incredibly comfortable,  the room was clean. The elevators are turbo-charged... no waiting. Expect to pay a lot if you want to use the services from local dialing, in-room movies, breakfast, parking, etc. If you can afford it, it's a nice comfortable, helpful, friendly, trendy stay.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>brunogerrussi
<Content>underwhelmed by the W we stayed there for 3 nights in july. put me in the over priced/trendy camp.the service was hit and miss. the check in was incredibly slow. however, we did find the staff to be friendly and helpful.yes, the bed and plasma tv are great, but everything else about the room was average.$30 a night for valet parking was a bit of a shock. all in all, i you pay more than $150/night to stay in this hotel, you're not getting your money's worth.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rainbow_jenny
<Content>Nice retreat It was a very nice getaway for one evening. I loved the decor, the bed, and the colorful pillow accent. I also like the long window sitting area. Best use of SPG Starpoint in Seattle, especially when the Westin and Sheraton are both at 10,000 point level. Having stayed at all three, I would highly recommend W above the other two.I would also recommend using the parking structure on the same block, at the corner of 5th and Seneca (instead of valet), if you want to save some money.The building location doesn't seem to allow for any water view, but it was a fine high-rise view on 22nd floor corner room.The only minor complaint is the low-lighting in the elevator, common with all W. It's a bit uncomfortable to ride up with strangers.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Overpriced trendy The hotel is very clean and did provide expensive valet parking. The shampoo and conditioner provided were very nice. However, beyond the shampoo and conditioner, you will pay for everything else at the hotel. Business center charged $.34 per minute for internet usage. No free wi-fi or even local phone service. My short local phone calls racked up charge of up to $5 a piece. The hotel will nickel and dime you and food including breakfast is too expensive. On the positive side, the was a very nice plasma tv in the room and the beds were very comfortable.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2006
<Rating>2	1	3	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>WiseDawg
<Content>Sleek and modern, highly recommended I have stayed at this hotel at least 5 times over the last 2 years and have never been disappointed. The customer service is excellent, the rooms are spacious and I absolutely love the decor. There is an ambiance when you walk into the lobby which words cannot describe. Candles burning everywhere, comfy sofas, music oozing you into quiet contentment. Highly recommended for professionals  single couples.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Impeccable! Very comfortable and funky hotel. The decor and overall experience is clearly targeted at younger professionals and vacationers, so for older or more conservative travelers, this hotel may not be your cup of tea.The hallways are dark with very dramatic blue spotlights throughout, which is very effective and funky. The room was clean and very well appointed with a large LCD TV, DVD player, minibar, a copy of Wired Magazine, and modern decor. The bed was a 10 out of 10 for comfort and felt exactly the same to me as the Sheraton 鈥楽weet Sleeper Bed鈥?offered at some Sheraton properties (W is part of the Starwood / Sheraton chain). The bathroom was large and had a cool frosted glass counter with a steel sink suspended in it.The only hiccup in our stay was a mix up at check-in where the king bed room which we had booked wasn鈥檛 ready yet. Because of this, we had to wait about 45 minutes while the room was cleaned, but they gave us a ticket for 2 complimentary for cocktails in the lounge while we waited. This hotel is a bit pricey, but well worth it if your expectations are high. We will stay again.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>ScottC
<Content>Something missing Can't explain why I'm not rating 5. Spacious rooms, W bed, great window ledge seat and fabulous service. Just seems to be something missing. Perhaps I'm unfairly comparing to a recent stay at a brand new Westin resort. Only concrete criticism is robes designed for people with chest size under 42. We had a great stay and would stay there again. The restaurant recommendations by staff made the trip as perfect as it was.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Over priced and unfriendly. Very dark hallways. The W Hotel is very expensive for what it offers. The hall ways were dark and it was difficult to see the room numbers. The Staff was not very friendly.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>chicagotvd
<Content>Wonderful location We stayed at the modern W Hotel in Seattle in mid May. The service was excellent; the room service, the welcome desk, the restaraunt/bar staff were all very helpful. We arrived a little early and they advised us that our room was not yet ready, but they could put us into one that was ready but the view was not as nice. We opted for them to hold our luggage and wait for our room and it was well worth it. They gave us a few locations that we could go to for a light lunch while waiting for the room.The room was beautiful. We had a corner room on the 21st floor that had city and Puget Sound views. The room was extremely clean and well taken car of; we didn't feel gross walking around in bare feet or that others had stayed in the same room before us. The location of the W is spectacular. We walked to the piers and then to the space needle. We were only a few blocks away from Pikes Place Market and the whole shopping district. The W is only a couple blocks north of the Pioneer Square area and Qwest and Safeco Fields. We walked everywhere and didn't need to use the free bus zone or taxi's. The W is a wonderful hotel, luxurious, and centrally located to everything you may need.  
<Date>May 23, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>roselolita
<Content>Whatever, Whenever I stayed here 2 nights for my business trip. Aside from spacious room and unique ambiance, the service made me feel like I'm treated very special. You never get confused which number to press when you need to order food or set morning call. You just press Whenever, Whatever button and they will help you all the way out whatever the problem is. I really loved their Bliss bath cosmetics kits as well. The only thing I didn't like was they kind of charge you what you usually expect as free in many other hotels. For example, I drank mineral water at my bed side (I think it's generally complementary in other hotels) and I only learned it cost $10 for the bottle when I saw my bill at check out. Also they charged me $5 for the Internet cable. (They do not have wireless in the room) Overall, the experience was great, and I think I might stay again here if I visit Seattle again.  
<Date>May 14, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>IslandGrl
<Content>W - slipping into mediocrity? This was my third stay at the W Seattle. As Seattle locals, we have enjoyed the W for a weekend getaway in the city. We are Starwood Members, and enjoy most of their higher end properties.For this overnight we were attending a Fri/Sat conference at the W. We stayed in a corner room (awesome view of Rainer) our favorite. The beds were heavenly as always.We did notice that the W Seattle has slipped slightly. A little tired. Perhaps a management change? Perhaps it was the weekend? Not exactly sure - but they certainly were not quite on their game for our visit. Maybe they are doing better catering to the business crowd during the week. Still four stars, but missed in several areas. My complaints --Front desk staff - indifferent at best. Gave us a low floor, dark room with parking lot view. When we asked to change, they indicated they were only 63% full, so changing was not a problem. Hmmm...why didn't they give us a decent room to begin with? Rooms - why can't the W provide wireless connection (at no charge) in the guest rooms? We love the technical ammenities the W offers, and my husband had free wireless connection in the W's meeting rooms. But the guest rooms only have wireless for a fee ($17 or so/day). The $8 bottle of water so high priced. Nice that it was bedside, but really $8 for water?Concierge- openly complained about another guest in front of me. Tacky. We scheduled a couple things with the front desk/concierge, not sure who made the mistake, but after several calls to confirm, we learned that our appointment was scheduled on the wrong date (a date we weren't even in the hotel!) Fortunately we were persistent in getting the information.Service - My husband left a distinctive power cord at the meeting. Called several times to the front desk with the request to look for it. No response. Called again to talk to the technical folks. No luck. Asked again at check-out. Blank stare.My raves -The car valets (wheels) are awesome! Grabbed a jacket for us. Always pleasant. Upon check out, it was such a treat to have two bottles of water and lemon wipes and our car waiting. Now that is a nice and unexpected touch.That's the W we remember!That's a long of way of saying, we like the W-Seattle. It's good, perhaps very good, but our last stay was just so-so. I don't think we would rush back. What we have liked in the past, now seems quite ordinary. I would probably consider it for a business trip, but look elsewhere on the weekend.  
<Date>May 5, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>NCCoast
<Content>hip, but not annoying Stayed one night before heading west. In order after our arrival: The valets were excellent. The check-in was very smooth; we were upgraded for no particular reason, which was nice. We had to use a keychain LED flashlight to find our room, however, since the hallways were so dark. And this was mid-afternoon. Still, the room itself was excellent. Nice window seat, no awful polyester florals, super comfy bed. We had drinks and a snack in the lobby bar before dinner -- good. If you are easily intimidated by trendy young things, the lobby bar might not be for you, as it was full of them on a Saturday night. We grabbed dinner suggestions and a reservation to Metropolitan Grill via the concierge. Good job there, if a little non-committal about where we ought to go. Breakfasted in the restaurant the next am -- very civilized, if pricey.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not recommended The room was disappointing. The furniture was very scuffed, and the walls had some stains. The staff was somewhat friendly, but more better looking than actually helpful. The exception was the valets, who were consistently doing a great job.For the money, better accomodation can be found in Seattle.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>melissatrv
<Content>I was pleasantly surprised I heard so much about this hotel that I thought it could not possibly live up to its reputation. My company has an event in downtown Seattle every year and books blocks at large hotels here. I typically stay at Marriotts but wanted to check this out for a change. I did not eat in the restaurant so cannot comment. I did get room service for breakfast which was good, not great though and pretty high priced. I did get a spectacular room on an upper floor corner King. Breathtaking view and window bench.I wanted to spend more time here than I actually did due to business commitments. I could die in the bed it was so comfortable. The most comfortable hotel bed I have slept in, it was hard to wake up. I loved the all black attire of the staff. The staff is very young and hip looking as others have said, but friendly and accomodated all my requests. The bathroom could be bigger or have more counter space to put your products. The hotel bar is booming like everyone says. But I did not feel intimidated to be there. Also the dark lighting in the hallway was not a big problem for me...I am a female and felt safe.The Westin is closer to shopping and attactions (Spaceneedle etc). Though it is only a short walk to these places, again being female and alone, I would not suggest it in this area. I am debating on whether to stay at the Westin next year for its proximity, but I liked the W so much I dont know that I will chance it.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2006
<Rating>5	2	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very nice I stay at the W each time I do business in Seattle and am rarely disappointed. The decor is nice, the rooms comfy and love the Bliss products. The location is excellent as well. However, it should be given the rates.My only complaint is the workout facility. For a pricey hotel that caters to the business traveler, it should be larger. Make sure you get there no later than 6 AM if you want to get on one of their five pieces of cardio equipment.  
<Date>Mar 10, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Room, Great Service, Great Location, Great Hotel My wife met me on the west coast for a romantic getaway. We decided on the W based solely on the W reputation. We were pleasantly surprised every step of the way. Right in the center of Downtown Seattle, just blocks away from Pikes Market and great shopping and a very short cab ride from the Space Needle. The room was very roomy and the bathroom has the signature cool stuff all around. The view was beautiful. Just make sure you get a room on a higher floor. We stayed in a Cool Corner room which had amazing views of the city and the Space Needle. Some reviews say the hallway is ttoo dark but we really dont linger in the Hallwayy too much so it didnt bother us one bit. The rooms are bright and comfortable. We covered the city in 3 days and hit a few bars each night. We ended up at the bar in the hotel lobby at the end of each night. This bar is the place to be. The bartenders are two of the best that I've seen in a few years. These guys take care of the customers. Overall, great hotel, with a great atmosphere, and great service. We will return to this hotel!!  
<Date>Feb 25, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Cool Place Decent size room, very comfortable. Nice window seat to chill out on (not that I had much time to do that). Only stayed 2 nights but would have happily stayed there longer. Good room service, great food. Only downside was I thought the bar was a bit dull, not enough going on and a bit too small. Nice lobby area though to relax in when hung over. In walking distance though of some other good bars. Next time I'm in Seattle will stay again.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Monkeywrench
<Content>Awesome Hotel The W Seattle lives up to the chain's hip image. Our room seemed a little small for a suite, but was beautifully decorated in white with dark brown wood and had a cozy window seat that was great for reading. The bathroom was rather large for the size of the room and was stocked with white terry robes and Bliss Spa products. The airy lobby seemed to fill around cocktail hour and would definitely be a fun place to hang out if we'd had more time. We ate dinner in the hotel restaurant for the last night of our anniversary trip, which was well worth the cost. We knew the food would be good, but we were really blown away by the quality and imagination of the dishes as well as the excellent service and attention to detail (I used to work for the Ritz-Carlton hotel chain so I pay attention to small details). While many appeared to be eating there just to be seen, my husband and I couldn't stop oohing and aahing over the food. We will definitely be staying here again on our next trip to Seattle!  
<Date>Feb 15, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>OffTheBeatenPath
<Content>Hip But Still a Chain I was at the W on business recently, and have stayed there before. The hotel has many things going for it (terrific pillowtop mattress, nice linens, Bliss toiletries, spacious rooms). The bar is, as already mentioned, pretty well-known in Seattle for its scene (although not as much as some Belltown places) -- but that's part of it being a W. My only gripe with the W is that after spending what, for Seattle, is a small fortune, they still won't provide free internet or local calls. If Starwood truly wants to build a boutique hotel brand, they should try acting like a boutique hotel, and stop trying to nickel and dime their customers.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2005
<Rating>4	2	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Dont stay here if you want to sleep! Dont stay here if you want to sleep! The buzz words at this hotel are whatever, whenever and that applies to the guests' attitudes as well. It is a party hotel and the guests who want to party, have fun, while the other guests grit their teeth. We stayed here for 3 nights in December 2005 and had one night of rest. The other 2 nights we had a group of guests in rooms around us who stayed up, with the music on, until 5 am. I called security several times and they did settle down each time for short periods but then they would start up again, talking, laughing, slamming doors. I will never stay in a W Hotel again. And the coffee at the hotel was the pits. In the city of coffee they should have at least got this right. Too cool for school is what I think it is all about with this stylish joke of a hotel. Shame on you.ct  
<Date>Dec 12, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>W is Great We moved to the W from the terrible Alexis hotel and loved it. The room was comfortable, the staff were attentive, the bar was great, and we got a great deal through the Sheraton website. Highly recommended!  
<Date>Nov 22, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Decent but expensive ... Pros: On the whole was an enjoyable stay. Rooms and bath were clean and the beds had crisp sheets. The room was well appointed (amenities like DVD, Audio Players were a nice touch) including the furniture. Minibar was well stocked with items including toiletries. Cons: The service was good but could have been better for the price. It would have been great if they included items like free Internet connectivity and simple items like a complimentary bottle of water.Comments: Agree with the other review that the lighting in the halls and public places could have been brighter (atleast twice as much) without sacrificing the ambience that they are endeavouring to create.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>piatty733
<Content>Great location and comfortable stay My wife and I stayed at the W for three nights last weekend. This was my first stay at a W. I decided to stay here based on the location and the fact that I was able to get a corner spectacular room for about $250/nt. The lobby is dark and full of younger guests and visitors. This did not bother us although we being 57 yrs old did not spend alot time there except for using their complimentary wireless internet. Our room had a spectacular view of the harbor and Mt Rainer. We thought it reminded us of a small NYC apartment with a hallway entrance into the main part of the room. They pride themselved on the whenever-wherever system, which means if you want something ask for it. We had to ask for Qtips and shower cap and they arrived quickly with no problem. The bathroom id not luxurious but still nice. The breakfast at the restaurant was very good with tipical hotel prices. We enjoyed our stay and would recommend the hotel.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KiddDallas
<Content>Decent... but no "W"ow I just returned from a 3-night business trip at the W Seattle. The hotel is located in a fabulous downtown location at 4th  Seneca with easy (less than 6 blocks) walking access to shopping, restaurants, and Pike鈥檚 Place Market. My room was larger than in other W鈥檚 I have recently stayed and equipped in typical W style鈥omfy bed, hip furniture, and a neutral (tans  grey) palette. The lighting in the bathroom was minimal, yielding a pretty dark bathroom (especially over the shower and commode). Toiletries are 鈥淏liss鈥?brand and smell good! The overall hotel service was fair (efficient but not overly courteous check-in, prompt room service, awful valet,  good housekeeping). Less attitude than some W鈥檚 and more than others. Overall, it鈥檚 a good hotel. I paid $345/night, which makes me question the value proposition given the vast array of great Seattle options. I personally prefer the adjacent Fairmont and the nearby Grand Hyatt.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2005
<Rating>3	2	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Airbourne
<Content>Uber Style, Super Service, Maxmum Comfort - did not want to leave! I'll admit I'm a bit confused by the negative reviews of the W Seattle. I had nothing but positive experiences.The W Seattle caters to the hipster 26-35 crowd. Think running shoe designers, web moguls and fasion mavens. People wearing sunglasses in the elevators, that sort of thing. I guess that comes with the territory; the W certainly is trendy.The W is swathed in a somber, seriously cool style from the swank lounge to the luxurious rooms. The beds were plush and comfortable. The room felt like a modern apartment instead of a hotel. Accents abounded: stereo system, superior waffle robes, even a zen desk waterfall. The bathroom was stocked with luscious Bliss soaps.The staff was friendly and efficient. I was able to check in hours early with no issue. They replaced a lost room and bar key pleasantly, without charging for the loss as some hotels might.I skipped the bar. It was a bit too much of a 'scene' for my taste. If you enjoy the company of young beautiful people in the latest fashions you'll love it as the bar was thriving.One (minor) drawback was that the W is tucked within canyons of corporate high rises and there is little of interest in the immediate area. A 10-20 walk will take you to most of the tourist areas like Pioneer Square, Pike's Place Market, etc. however.Nonetheless, I'd stay there again. Amazing comfort.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>CFNOBIS
<Content>Nice...But not for us! I had high expectations about this hotel based on reviews and referals from friends. My expectations were hightened when we received an e-mail from the hotel inquiring about our needs. Since our plane was arriving at 10:30 from LA, I requested an early check in. When we arrived I became disappointed. When we exited the cab, there was no one there to help us with our luggage. We had to struggle to get it through the door. Usually we carry our own luggage but after dragging it through the airport, I was looking forward to the service the W advertised. Check in went fast and we were given our early check in as requested. The hallways were dark as other people mentioned. However, they we not as bad as some stated. The room was big with all the amenaties. The bathroom was especially nice. The room was decorated in a trendy contemporary style which we like. However, when we went down to the lobby in the evening, we were surprised how much the hotel/resturaunt transformed into a posh party place. I thought we would fit in but not so. I am in my mid forty's and felt out of place. This hotel is great for the younger croud but I would feel more comfortable at the Fairmont across the street. We ate at the resturaunt for breakfast and was surprised at the prices. However, after visiting a couple other hotels in the area, we found the prices were only a little higher than average. I was very surprissed at this as we travel to Hawaii often, where prices are very high, but these were even higher!When we checked out, I was surprised to see we were charged a $60 early check in fee. I didn't mind paying the rate but was upset, as I was never told we would be charged for this service. To sum it up, the hotel is very nice and trendy for the 20's and 30's couples. The service as advertised leaves a bit to be desired but overall a good stay. If we come to Seattle again, I will probably stay somewhere else. Not because of my experience but because the hotel is more for the younger scene.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Sunflower86
<Content>Best Hotel In Seattle! This was the best hotel I have ever stayed in. The rooms are huge and extremely well presented. The wonderful beds were in fact more than wonderful. I must compliment the hotel on the surprise gift I found under my pillow, which was a nice touch. I have heard some complaints from others on trip advisor calling the hotel creepy. This could not be further from the truth. Sure the halls may be a little dark and beetlejuice-esque, but this all adds to making the place different and special. The lobby is spacious and beautifully decorated and the bar is a great place to sit down and relax. The Staff were friendly and very helpful. I especially liked my wake up call on a Monday morning at 05.30am when i was told Welcome to Monday!The location is very central, and perfect for anyone staying in downtown Seattle.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very trendy boutique hotel ok, so I've read the other reviews and not agreeing with most I decided to write my own. First, I can't believe how low of a rating this hotel has received from reviewers on this site. I honestly think what may be happening is that this hotel is a little to hip for certain travelers. The W hotel is very nice. The staff is very professional and responsive to requests. At times I've even seen them walking the dogs of hotel guests. The bed is the most comfortable bed I've ever slept in. It has very high thread count sheets, a goose down comforter, a feather bed, and goose down pillows. Well I don't know how, but someone on this site managed to complain about that!The decor is definitely trendy. At all times there is house music playing in the lobby and bar area so if you like that genre then you will be right at home. During the evening they have candles burning and the bar area comes alive with people from all over Seattle. This is why you might want to stay there. To be honest, if I was staying at the Hilton I would probably go to the W just to hang out and mingle. It is definitely a cool spot to meet people. I'd say the age range is early thirties to late forties. For the guy complaining about the hotel charging for internet access, most hotels do charge a fee for that service. But if you are truly frugal, and it sounds like you are, then you should have used the FREE internet access in the lobby and bar area. That's what I did because I didn't want to pay either.The food at the hotel is a little expensive. An omelet delivered was $25 including service charges. Oatmeal costs about $13 delivered. Both were very good but I just couldn't justify the price, especially when there are so many restaurants nearby. To be sure, if you are more of a conservative person I would recommend you stay at the Hilton or Hyatt. Those hotels are more traditional. I'm actually a Hilton honors diamond member but after staying at the W, I will remain there for the rest of the month while I'm in Seattle.If you do decide to stay at the W, make sure you check out the great restaurant nearby called Jasmine. The food there is excellent and they also have a very nice vibe in their bar area. Anyhow, good luck with your travels.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>w is a joke Yes, thanks for asking. We thought the beds were comfortable but the down cover too heavy, had to call for blankets in the middle of the night. Those should be available in the room already, in the closet maybe. Spent a few nights sleepless, fighting with the down pillows, which are normally not good for side sleepers, only for back sleepers. There should be 2 firm pillows on each bed and 2 down pillows, which gives one a choice, thank God. The minibar was locked, very strange since we have been to five star hotels where they were not locked and did not need a key to get in, the hotel should figure out how to do that. The coordination between the front desk people was poor, we asked for 2 days to get an additional room, during our stay there and no one did anything, although promising to, we had to keep on top of it, it was quite disconcerting, no messages, no returned calls to our room...The concierge, a young man, directed us to Anthony's on the water downtown when we asked for a good seafood restaurant within walking distance. That place was pretty bad for a very expensive menu, the view was great but we would never eat there again. The concierge said their food was excellent...wrong! He really should be more informed, or fired. A list should be composed that lists all the best spots in town for food, drinks, dancing, shopping, etc...We had never been to Seattle before, and your information was non-existent!The delivery waiter of our morning in room service was truly a bomb! He never asked if we wanted the tray in our room or in the hall, he would just rush past into our room where I was lying half asleep or naked, staring at me, yuck! This guy is unbelievable! Then if we would not answer his knock, he would disappear, with our tray, then we would have to call downstairs and get him to come back, then he would try to barge in again, where we had to keep the safety on the door to keep him out! He came with no coffee spoons, 1/2 the order, etc...Then we would have to call again, unbelievable...It seemed as if there was very little overseeing or organization in that kitchen!Then we actually went to have breakfast at the hotel restaurant one morning and the coffee and juice came but no food. There were only 4 tables seated and it was around 8 AM. We waited and waited and finally the breakfasts came, hardly lukewarm. Eggs and potatoes should not be cold, they taste like grease and rubber. So then we sent the potatoes back and they came back in 10 minutes, after we had finished our eggs already, since we were starving for a few hours already. The kitchen is totally disorganized!The fact that you charge for an internet connection is truly offending! We are programmers and designers and cannot believe the mind that thought that one up! Needless to say we had not encountered that before in other hotels! And so we did not use that service, although we really wanted to, the principle of it all, unbelievable.Let us know if any of these things happen, then we might come back!Sincerely,The Claytons  
<Date>Sep 8, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very nice - affordable luxury       The bathroom  
<Date>Aug 2, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nrh
<Content>Best hotel bed ever! We had two nights at the W before embarking on an Alaskan cruise. The staff was helpful. Our room was ultra-comfortable. The bed/pillows/linens were the best I've ever encountered outside of my own home. We had a great view of Mt. Rainier out our window. I'm still using the Bliss products they had in the bathroom and plan to order more (a rare find for hotel soap!). I've read a lot of reviews where people complain about the lighting. It is a little dark in the hallways, but we didn't find it to be scary or incapacitating in any way. My recommendation to the W would be to consider backlighting the room numbers somehow....neon maybe?... to keep with the cool theme and make it easier to find your doorway. All in all we had a great stay and look forward to returning to this hotel and possibly trying some others in the chain.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>gleff
<Content>My favorite place to stay in Seattle       Bed  
<Date>Jul 4, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>leaderman
<Content>The jury is still out on this one.... I was excited to bring my wife to the W in Seattle as I thought it would be a perfect get-away from which to explore the downtown area. My head has been on a Westin pillow many a night - but this was my first chance to experience the W effect.We arrived in a downpour but that's ok. One's pupils need not dilate in the W reception area....dark, dark, dark. At 2:00 p.m., all you see are candles and the reflection of the computer screens off the faces of the staff. Hmmm, interesting, I thought. Friendly folks - great welcome by the guys at the door, and in no time we were up to our room. I was ready for dark hallways, having read other reviews, but these are REALLY dark. Wow. Interesting. I kinda like it to be honest with you.Room - they call it spectacular but I might call it peculiar. Not very large by any stretch, a cool sofa in the window, some IKEA-looking furniture and there you have it. Did we feel a warmth from the room? No. Was the bed heavenly? Not if you compare it to the Westin down the road...Overall, the W is a cool place. Yuppies will love it. Techno freaks will love it. I wouldn't bring my kids, or if you are over 50 and want something a bit classy, there are better choices. Lots better choices. Kudos to the concierge - always on top of things, went the extra mile and did it with a smile. Well done.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>OwnerMGA
<Content>The reality did not live up to the hype. My wife an I were recent guests at the W Seattle. This hotel promises and hypes a zen-like experience; however, it falls short in delivery. The hot water faucet fell off it's spindle at the first touch; we left the hotel at 9:00 a.m., returning at 3:15 p.m. to find that the room had not been made up. There is no door tag to request room cleaning, only a do not disturb tag. The lighting throughout is gloomy, and the lobby/bar area is quite unbelievably noisy in the evenings, since there are no soft furnishings to absorb conversation sound - certainly no place for a quiet drink after a long day. Restaurant prices are high, ($17 for a continental breakfast), and the final sting in the tail was a charge of $30 per night for parking. There are better places to stay in Seattle for less money than this.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>GCJR
<Content>Can I Bring the Bed Home? Positives: The beds were large and absolutely fantastic to sleep in. Along with the big pillows, I was tempted not to go home.....The staff was courteious and extremely helpful....Nice decor with the lights set at a intimate setting....Great location to walk around downtown and close to Pike St MarketNegatives: I don't mind when the rooms are chilly, but I did notice the AC was on full blast...The biggest pain was probably the parking. Not a big area to pull up the car for valet, so found myself waiting in the street for the person in front of me plus a few cars coming outOverall a good hotel and would recommend staying there  
<Date>May 31, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>disappointing and mediocre. The service was OK, but for the price I expect a view. There was no view, the room was freezing (couldn't turn the heat up!) and it smelled of cigarettes very strongly even though they said it was a non-smoking room, and they refused to move me. Plus it's way out by the university and not close to anything! better to stay at a hotel down by the market. And the booking agent said taxes were included but they wanted another $150 when I got there for some new city taxes! Whatever...  
<Date>May 27, 2005
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Braindrain
<Content>Great hotel       Check-in area  
<Date>May 23, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>mountaingirl914
<Content>Brrrrrrrrrrrrrrr Where is my coat?!! I need to give this hotel a good rating because it was clean, attractive and convenient. However, it wasn't for us. It was a little to cold and I don't mean the temperature. With exception of the valet guys, who were very friendly, everyone else acted as if they were doing us a favor by being there. We prefer a little warmer and cozy setting so we won't be back. Now the Willows Lodge...that is a great place!!!!!  
<Date>May 15, 2005
<Rating>4	2	5	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Ponch73
<Content>Thumbs Down from a Starwood Preferred Guest Despite having made a reservation for a non-smoking King, I got stuck in a Double Room overlooking loud external air vents and near the elevator. To top it all off, my next door neighbor turned up his bass to party at midnight. Hotel staff wasn't especially responsive with regard to giving me a quiet room. So much for being a Starwood Preferred Guest and paying over $300 a night. I'll remember to stay elsewhere next time I'm in Seattle.  
<Date>May 3, 2005
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>W Hotel--Stylish and Fun Stayed at the W Seattle with my fiance in April 2005.We really liked it. In fact, I can't think of any negatives!We booked the room online at the Starwood website and got a GREAT deal...far less expensive than one usually pays to stay at a W Hotel. The entire hotel is very stylish and fun. Our room was spacious and had a great view of the city. The linens  towels were great--soft, good quality. The bed was also really comfy. The only glitch that I can speak of occurred on our first night. We hung out in the bar and ordered an appetizer to snack on. Something in the kitchen got screwed up and our order (which was pretty simple) ended up taking over 30 mins to get to us. The bar staff was really apologetic about it. Later, we ordered a dessert to share--same story, kitchen problems. Long story short, the staff were very kind and seemed really embarassed about it. They comped us both the app and the dessert. We left the bar pretty happy and left the bartenders a good tip.I would definately recommend the W for anyone who wants to stay someplace fun and different that has a good vibe and great style.  
<Date>May 1, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Hotelero1
<Content>The W is Wow! I had my first W experience in Seattle and I'm converted. The W is all about creating a mood - you'll either love it, or you won't. The moment you step into the lobby you're enveloped by the aroma of vanilla candles and the sound of chilled-out beats. The lighting is very subdued to the point of being a little too dark - which may add to the club vibe in the lobby, but is a definite security concern on the guest floors. The rooms are very comfortable, decorated in an elegant 1940's style - bathed in browns, dark wood accents, window blinds, and a sofa in the window alcove. The bathroom amenities by Bliss are deluxe! The in-house restaurant, Earth  Ocean, is excellent. It focusses on regional dishes  wines - try the seasonal prixe fixe menu accompanied by a wine flight for a culinary education in the delights of the Pacific Northwest. My only criticism is that the front desk staff could be more service-oriented - the W style may be cool, but they should be warmer.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The W was great The W was awsome!!! Great Service a great staff. The mood of the hotel was great. After staying in the terrible Warwick this was an awsome suprise.Very Expensive but definatly worth the price if you want quality.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the W!!! We stayed at this hotel with my starwood points for 1 night in September 2004. WE LOVED IT! I can't be sure if our room was typical, but we had what I considered to be a fairly spacious, corner room with wall-to-wall windows (which had ample covering to shut out the light for sleep), and great amenities. We had a view over the city, and the location was good, though we didn't spend much time in the immediate environs...The staff were typical W staff, with slightly cooler demeanors, but certainly not rude or stuffy. Notably, the bellman was very helpful with our loads of luggage (we stayed just 1 night, but were completing a week long trip)! Next trip to Seattle, I will definitely try to stay at the W!  
<Date>Feb 25, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lea_SFCali
<Content>Style Urban Hotel This is a great hotel for business or leisure. We stayed at this hotel in November of 2004. Great location - it was a nice walk to the the Seattle Museum of Art, the downtown shopping district, Pioneer Square, and even the Seahawks football stadium. Quick taxi ride to the Space Needle and Experience Music Project.The staff was great - wonderful concierge staff. We got great dinner reservations to Wild Ginger (read NOT WAIT LIST) - beautiful corner room with GREAT AMENITIES! Very cool lobby at night they even serve drinks from the cool bar.I would enthusiastically recommend this hotel to anyone unless you are traveling on budget. I personally liked the lighting but everyone is different so please note: hallways are DARK (mood lighting) as well as the lobby.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>whateverintexas
<Content>fantastic! this is a fun and fabulous hotel! huge rooms (i had a corner room with great ceiling-to-floor windows and a chaise lounge), clean to the point of immaculate, huge bathroom with great tub, excellent food, great room service and housekeeping, excellent location!!! one touch i loved is that my sheets always smelled like they had been dried on a clothesline! :) i highly rec. this great hotel! :)  
<Date>Jan 9, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hip and cool hotel-loved it! Stayed at the W Hotel Seattle for 2 nights. It was a great experience and definitely not what I had expected. When I first stepped into the lobby I felt like I was in a lounge/bar! The lobby was dark and dimly lit with scented candles. The hallways were also dimly lit--But so what! They don't call it the W Hotel for nothing.The rooms were very contemporary and immaculate. Room service and valet was a bit pricey. Staff was friendly and helpful.Overall I would definitely stay at the W Hotel all over again.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Cool hotel - great location We stayed at the W in Seattle for 2 nights of our honeymoon. The decor of the hotel, lobby and rooms, was very cool - different than the ususal hotel. We were able to easily walk to Pike Place market and Pioneer square from the hotel. Room service was very $$$ and not very good. I didn't compare parking prices but I think $29 a day is a bit much too!  
<Date>Nov 30, 2004
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Vermonter_7
<Content>Very Nice with a Unique Urban Flair This was my first stay at a W property. Contrary to what is written on here--at least by some--I found the W Seattle to be just what I was looking for. As a volunteer coordinator for a group, I was able to negotiate a rate of $136/ night (for 11 rooms). The rooms were immaculate and as advertised, well-equipped. While it's true that the hallways are dimly lit (with difused blue lighting), that's the point! The W Seattle is a funky Seattle property right in the heart of downtown and within easy walking distance to Pike Market and other attractions. If you're looking for bright lights, go to a Holiday Inn or Motel 6. (You'll be sure to get a light of hallway lighting there albeit flourescent!). The staff was very friendly and warmly welcomed my group. We used the Strategy Room which had a nice Boardroom-type setting with a fixed table and built-in audio visual equiptment. I ordered in a continental breakfast for thr group consisting of bagels and cream cheese (average); Starbucks Coffee (always good) and the W's own homemade granola bars (AWESOME!) My only complaint was that the meeting room itself had no windows. I'm one of those persons who likes to see natural light. They do have meeting rooms with windows but they are your standard ballroom types with folding walls to compartmentalize the groups meeting. I was going for a more fixed boardroom. What can you do? That's the way the architect planned it. The lobby is tastefully done and the reception desk is lit by a row of flickering tea lights/candles. Again, not commercially illuminated but that's the point! Something different and unique. I would go back to this establishment--without hesitation. Actually, now I am very curious about other W properties located throughout the country.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>"W" -- it's a trip by itself Spent four days at the 鈥淲鈥?over 鈥?4 Labor-Day weekend. It鈥檚 not the usual big-city hotel. It belongs to the same chain that runs Westin and Sheraton, but has a totally different look and feel. THE LOGISTICS: Check-in and main floor is compact and six steps above the living-room sitting area and adjacent bar and restaurant. I don鈥檛 think you can get to the lower level except walking down the stairs, or walking outside around the corner and coming in the lower entrance. Staff is efficient, bar serves good drinks 鈥?although the seating area was small and the music was a bit loud for the space. This hotel will not appeal to everyone. Typical guests seemed around mid 30鈥檚 and 40鈥檚 and the type of music heard in the lobby/bar is age- appropriate 鈥?no Musak for sure. The corridors to the rooms are indeed dimly lit but have interesting pictures and lighting. I loved it. Indoor pool and exercise room privileges at the Sheraton five blocks away. I didn鈥檛 eat in the hotel One night opted to eat at the casual Shucker鈥檚 Restaurant across the street where price and value were a good match and service was excellent. THE LOCATION: The W鈥檚 downtown location is great. Walking, buses, trolleys and cabs got us all over Seattle with ease. THE ROOM: Our room had two firm beds with down mattress pads, tons of great pillows and expensive sheets and a nice long couch for lounging. Our 4th floor view wasn鈥檛 anything, but the windows (hidden by wooden shutters) opened. That鈥檚 a real plus. Bathroom was spacious with plenty of towels and Aveda products. The main closet was split with dresser drawers and shelves in the middle. ON THE DOWNSIDE: The W鈥檚 HVAC air-vent noise was annoying 鈥?a definite hiss while air circulates. But it鈥檚 like white noise and after awhile you may not notice it. CELEBRITY WATCHING: Robin Williams was staying there and some musicians in town for a concert. From what others have said, the W is often the choice of celebrities.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent choice Just returned from a long weekend trip to the W Hotel and thought it was fabulous. It is very modern and the halls are too dark but the room was wonderful, the W bed was the best I have ever slept in, service was great, very friendly and helpful. The location is perfect, walking distance to everything. Highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel, if you like that kind of thing I travel frequently for business and spend a lot of my time in hotels; this was one of the better experiences I have had in a while.If you like staying at a budget hotel or don鈥檛 mind mediocre then this probably isn't the place for you.If you want to stay in an ultra-sheik and trendy hotel, like mood lit hallways and aren't too concerned that everything, including the mini-bar water is designer labelled (lovely bottles though!) then this is defiantly the place to stay.I -will- stay here again when back in Seattle.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Never again We checked in at the W to find that one of our adjoining rooms was not quite ready yet. We felt that was fine since we were able to use one room to get ready in for dinner out. When we arrived back at the hotel after dinner they said the adjoining room was not going to be available and so four of us were all crammed into one king bed room. One had to sleep on the little sofa and one on a rollaway. The lack of compassion by the front desk was unbelievable. Room service Sunday morning took 1 1/2 hours to arrive and obviously had been left sitting for quite some time. Retriving our bags from storage was also an incredibly long wait. Never again.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2004
<Rating>1	2	3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Big Disappointment with Front Desk I was in W hotel in August 12-15,2004. I arrived at 11:30am, but was told I couldn't check in till 3pm. So, with no choice, I have to open up my suitcase IN THE LOBBY to take out things I will need to do some city walking and take pictures. They had my suitcase placed in a storage in the meantime. I came back at 7pm that night to check in. The front desk girl asked for my credit card, which I did. Then she asked for an ID picture. I told her it is in my suitcase, which is in the storage. She told me she need to see it. I told her that I am NOT going to open up my suitcase IN THE LOBBY for the second time, as it is very humiliating. The hotel manager said the same thing (we need your ID) and couldn't offer another alternative, even when I suggested that they take me to one room with my suitcase where I can open it privately. All he can ofer are apologies. Finally another front desk girl suggested they check me in and then another staff will take me to my room with the suitcase then be able to take my ID picture out to show. I agreed to this.This only shows you that even if a hotel is supposed to be cool, the front desk and more so the hotel manager WASN'T. I told the staff and the hotel manager that we are coming in that day as a big group of 70-80 people, and that this incident will not pass unnoticed to the management and coordinating people, so that they will think 10 times or more before they decide to book a W hotel again in the future for a meeting.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kojack
<Content>cool doesn't mean great service We just stayed at the W hotel Seattle.Bad news.Dark lobby is suppose to be cool.Dark hallways are suppose to be cool.Is poor sevice suppose to be cool also? Room service is a joke! Wrong food . Cold food. Housekeeping @3:30. Concierge services non existent. But if you think that candles in a lobby and designer clothes on a young staff is what a hotel is all about, by all means try the W  
<Date>Aug 23, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Weekend at the W We stayed at the W in Seattle the first weekend of August, 2004 and it was wonderful. We enjoyed the decor, food and superb service. Our 14 year old thought it was the best ever and wants to return. Finally a hotel with wonderful beds - they definitely have the comfort level turned to max. My compliments to the designer.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>shellhunter98
<Content>Urban Getaway at the W My husband and I booked a room at the W despite reading the mixed reviews on this site first. We wanted something different for a rare child free getaway to the big city. Our room was a 350 sq ft suite on the 18th floor (tried for a corner king but non were available). We really enjoyed the room; great bed, linens, and the window seat overlooking the city had plenty of room for both of us to stretch out with the Sunday paper. The location allowed us to walk everywhere we wanted to go in the city. We were able to laugh about the hotel staff. The physical surroundings are sophisticated but the staff isn鈥檛. Hey folks it鈥檚 OK to kiss up to the guests, we鈥檒l still respect you in the morning. We asked one of the hotel staff to suggest a place for breakfast, he gave us the names and locations of two places which both turned out to be closed Sunday mornings. However, when we asked for a late check out we were very graciously granted it. We enjoyed our stay at the W and recommend it to others looking for an urban experience.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hip, but that's about it... I found this hotel lacking in many departments. the worst concierge service i have ever experienced, and we used several of the concierges there. very small room with zero storage. i am a fan of the minimalist mid century modern style and was unimpressed by the decor. minimalism can be acheived while still providing storage folks! 3 days for laundry service and they forgot to deliver items back to us, unacceptable! gym is simply a small guest room with about six pieces of equipment, decidedly not hip. bad service at front desk, concierge and bar. room not as described. the good stuff: the restaurant is to die for but bring lots of $$$. the location is excellent, right in the middle of downtown. the drinks are fabulous if you can survive the hour long wait for one and handle the high price. the valets and room service people were the nicest employees there.those dark hallways were great, keeps everyone quiet, we never saw or heard a soul in the hallways. my suspicion is that very few of the people we saw packed downstairs in the bar/lobby area were actually staying at the hotel. i got the message. i will not stay here again, but i will visit the restaurant and bar. the fairmont olympic is right next door, think i'll try it next time.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2004
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	5	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Will not stay there next time I stayed at W Seattle Hotel for two days. Room was reserved by a company I was invited by to Seattle for consultation. I personally would have never reserved a room in a pretentiously trendy place like this. I arrived at the hotel around midnight and was confused to see a bunch of drunken naval officers and sailors at the bar, that is basically right in front of the main entrance and greets you when you come in. I thought I got the wrong address as to me it seemed to be a night club. The actual reception was way above on the second floor that you cannot see from the front entrance. I gave another round in my car around the building to confirm that it was the right address. Only after I spoke to a parking valet, I realized that I got to the right place. Which brings me to parking. If you arrive by your own car be prepared to pay $30/day for parking, as there is no place to park your car.Everything was overpriced. No soda machine was on my floor. I was hungry and had a candy bar, a 12 oz can of cola and a small 12 oz bottle of water from a mini bar- that run me up to $14. When I asked for itemized bill for mini bar charges - I was given simple but firm No answer. So if you intend to use mini bar keep a tally, otherwise you might get charged for God knows what.The whole atmosphere of the hotel is that of a vampire castle. Everything is kept dark and dim with only mystery blue lamps to light up the way.The room itself was neither comfortable nor particularly clean. Bed smelled funny. Total price for a corner room with a view of an adjacent building's wall - $150 per day.So, decide for yourself. I am just giving the facts. As for me - I am staying Holyday Inn or Ramada next time.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2004
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Richard5210
<Content>The W was fabulous and we dont use the "f" word lightly My wife and I stayed at the W from June 18th through the 21st and I must say it exceeded all our expectations. From the moment we walked in we enjoyed ourselves. Everyone was very nice from the front desk to the valet to the bar staff to the concierge. As a matter of fact many of the staff remembered our names which to us was a nice touch. It is NOT the mainstream and I think that is one of the many things that we liked about the hotel. It is unique. Our room was on the 15th floor and was fabulous (and we dont use the f word lightly). The windows wrapped around the corner overlooking the city. It was nicely furnished and the bed was fantastic. Our entire experience was great. A bit pricey? Perhaps. Ill tell you this we will be back again and again.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Magnolia3237
<Content>Best Dog Friendly Hotel in Seattle Great Hotel - Great service and atmosphere. I live in Seattle and often times stay downdown at this hotel for the 'city experience'. Corner rooms are the best - extra space and great views.I often take my dog and they treat her like a celebrity!  
<Date>Jun 15, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MarkG604
<Content>Pleasant stay at the Dub Just got back from a quick jaunt down to Seattle to catch a Mariners game, and stayed at the W for a night. After reading the wide mix of reviews on this site we were unsure of what we would find, but both my girlfriend and I enjoyed this hotel and would stay here again.Yes, the lobby and hallways are dark and poorly lit, and yes, virtually everything in the room has a price tag on it, but once you get past that it's really a funky, contemporary, stylish place to stay while in Seattle. We especially enjoyed the comfortable king-sized bed, the romantic window bench with great views of the city, the room amenities and its funky style. We also had a great meal at their restaurant, Earth  Ocean - you have to try their incredible desserts.We also found the hotel to be quite centrally located, within manageable walking distance of the football and baseball stadiums, Pike Place Market, and the Art Museum. The only real negative as far as I was concerned was the valet parking - at $30 a day it's a bit exhorbitant. All in all though, a good hotel.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lousy housekeeping We left our room at 8:00am only to return at 3:00pm. to a dirty room. When I called down to the arrogant desk staff. I was told We have until 7:00pm to clean your room. I had to ask for some clean towels and soap be brought up. About 10 minutes later the housekeeping manager called and said that we could be next on the clean-up list. We declined because how long would we had to wait for that! The only professional staff there is the parking valet staff.   
<Date>May 16, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice place. Noise-protect yourself Hint for those, who are conditionned to react to technological signals: the sound of arriving or departing elevators is set so high, that you'll easily get awaked by it - a couple of times ... The three rooms at each end of an aisle are okay.  
<Date>May 13, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Dark and Cold are four letter words for me   showReview(1832499, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 23, 2004
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Contemporary Atmosphere   showReview(1729579, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 17, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A great business hotel   showReview(1666090, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 23, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>perfect night   showReview(1622240, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 30, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Tammara
<Content>Give me more of the W   showReview(1611353, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 23, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Playgoer
<Content>Spooky   showReview(1508850, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 6, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hiker70
<Content>Dark and strange   showReview(1434032, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 1, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best in-city hotel in Seattle   showReview(1345739, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 19, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Horrible Customer Service in the Billing Dept   showReview(721319, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 22, 2002
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hip staff, no customer service training   showReview(709011, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 3, 2002
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lapincompris
<Content>design luxe mais tres cher   showReview(18054410, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	3	4	4	4	3	

<Author>wine_san
<Content>銇勩倧銈嗐倠鏅€氥伄W銇с仚   showReview(17959936, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 16, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	3	3	5	3	3	

<Author>Superburschi
<Content>Gute Lage   showReview(17870681, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 14, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	4	5	5	5	5	

