<Author>nellyfear
<Content>definitely above average! we had a really nice stay at the giraffe over christmas and new year's eve. so here our results:- the sheets and towels were changed every (!) day, rooms were cleaned once and were picked up by the room service repeatedly (!). we first wondered, why the room service knocked on the door at 20.00 in the evening, but so far so cool. we found our room always tidy, its a very clean hotel. ah, for all the persons, who moan about the noise from the street, come on you guys, you're nearly right in the middle of manhatten, not on the county side! ok, the windows may not be enough isolated, but i mean ... yeah.- the room was big enough for us both, eh had lots of space to put our stuff all over the room, but is was really col in the rooms! when we tarted the A/C it was war for a few minutes, and than chilling cold again. we always were under the blanket, when we wanted to stay alittle longer in the room.they really should check better alternatives, like real radiators,i know thats expencive to restore everything, but i'm shure it's worth it!- the breakfast is not european/continental as mentioned on the website. its more a small but fine assortment of very fresh bagels, fresh pastry, fresh fruit salad, fresh juices 鈥?so enough for starting up your day.BUT:i don't like when people watch me, while i'm putting stuff on my plate, i felt a bit observed by the girls at the breakfast desk. i don't need that kind of attention. instead of making me feel greedy, put a little smile on your face, while you're asking me for a cup of tea or coffe, that makes me feel more comfortable.during the day you can always help youself with the coffemachine behind the bar/breakfastdesk, make some tea etc.- the cheese and wine reception in the evenig was really cool, we liked the cheese and also the wine, its not low quality cheese, like some other rewievers say, its quite ok! and hey, its for free, the hotel is not forced, to serve you things for free, so be appreciate it, or go elsewhere, to eat your N掳1 cheese.BUT:the young woman serving at the cheese and wine reception, was obviously very nerved of serving all these rich, arrogant, greedy hotelguests. she had an attitude, i must say, yeah, here again, put a smile on your face, do your job, and don't make the person you serve uncomfortble.for example, i took a peace of cheese while she was preparing the stuff on the desk, she wasn't finished, there where also other guests. she said could you please start eating, when i finished putting all the things on the desk?. no hello, but ..., no sorry, but ... no excuse me, but .... i mean, hello, what difference makes it, if i take the peace of cheese now or later?? i think this little lady is too unprofesssional for serving people in a 4**** hotel like the giraffe, i'm sorry to say that.however, the stay in general was really cool, i can recommend it to everybody who does not expect a waldorf-astoria, just because of its high room prices.work a bit more on your stuff, maybe bit more mature and experienced people would do the whole experience better ...regards, nelly  
<Date>Jan 2, 2009
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	3	4	

<Author>Ro_and_Ho
<Content>Very happy with it It seems to be pricey in Manhattan, and you can spend quite a lot for a pretty rubbish place. We were really happy with Hotel Giraffe - good service if a little formal/trying to be posh, but not anonymous like a hotel chain - it's not got too many rooms. So it's not dead cheap, but it's really good. Location is great - right near subway and on the bus route. Loads of food options nearby - although this is probably true in most places in New York I guess.We were travelling with a broken foot collected in the Catskills (nice) and they organised a wheelchair to be delivered for us, let us book theatre tickets over the lobby phone to ensure we got a wheelchair-friendly seat etc - which was great. Free wine and cheese  biscuits every evening also which was a nice touch. Room was good with a DVD player etc.One slight downside - the road could be quite noisy in the early morning (4am?) as the rubbish was collected, but this is more a comment on packed-in cities like New York than the hotel.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2009
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>wings_9
<Content>Great at the Giraffe We have just returned from our Christmas trip to New York and our stay at the Giraffe Hotel helped to make it a wonderful trip.The staff were so helpful and welcoming, they really couldn't do enough for us. The Hotel offers great accomodation and we were extremely comfortable there. As we were visiting family it really helped that the Hotel staff were so obliging to our family visitors when they came over to the Hotel, especially warming bottles for our Grandson!The Hotel location is a great base from which to walk to all the major attractions, which was important to us as we love walking. Although it isn't a cheap place to stay it gives excellent value for money and we have no hesitation in recommending the Giraffe to visitors to New York.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>katPhiladelphia
<Content>gracious hotel Visiting NYC for the holidays to spend time with friends, shop, dine and enjoy theater, we were able to do all within walking distance. Away from the congestion of midtown, yet on beautiful Park Avenue in Grammercy, the Hotel Giraffe has a stunning lobby ,wonderful breakfast and architecturally detailed rooms with every amentity. Throughout our 3-day weekend we experienced warmth and professional courtesy from every member of the staff, making our stay delightful!  
<Date>Dec 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>gdptravel
<Content>Excellent for Valentine's While I stayed at the Giraffe over the holidays, an idea hit me: This is an excellent romantic escape. If you're thinking about NYC for Valentine's Day or any couples getaway, this is the perfect place to stay. From refurbished, spacious, comfortable rooms to a relaxing lounge where fine wine and foods are served, the Giraffe will make your visit beyond memorable. I am a writer working on a New York City series and the Giraffe will be featured in it. Look for my series in early 2009 on http://www.menstraveler.com.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kct1207
<Content>I'll be back! I just returned from a solo trip to New York to spend Christmas with my sisters. I'm not fond of traveling alone and I really like spending Christmas at home but...My stay at the Hotel Giraffe was truly great. From the moment I checked in after a tough travel day from the west coast until my 5:30 am check-out, I felt right at home.The staff was friendly and gracious from the front desk and bell-staff , to the lovely women who served at the morning breakfast bar (which was grand), to housekeeping. The room was lovely and the amenities were just what you would expect in a fine, well-run establishment.Thank you Hotel Giraffe! I'll be back in New York often to visit my sister and my home there will be your hotel!  
<Date>Dec 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Littlemonkey07
<Content>Mostly lovely! We have just got back from a 3 night Xmas break at The Hotel Giraffe. I spent far too much time looking into the 'perfect' place to stay with our 18 month old little girl. Wanted it to be that extra bit special. It was important that we got a one bedroom suite (Separate lounge and bedroom) and they are not so easy to come by in New York, without paying a small fortune, especially if you want the quality too. Not that the Giraffe is at all cheap but you expect to pay a bit for a quality Hotel in NY. The lady who answered my initial reservation enquiries was very efficient and helpful, via email. Always responding quickly to my requests. So a good first impression was made. We were recc a good place to eat on Christmas day. Turned out to be great so thanks for that.When we arrived early our room was ready which was great. Allowing us to check in at 1pm was most appreciated. The room although very dark was comfortable and the extras such as robes,bottled water, toiletries and even an umbrella in the closet! Added a nice touch. Shame we forgot the ipod as there was a dock in the bedroom. Rooms very clean. Cold on a evening and found it difficult to get the right temp and noisy a/c. Not noisy from outside though, guess it depends where your room is located in the Hotel. Good spacious bathrooms, although not so keen on see through doors! Possibly done to help with light. Not so good if you are on the shy side....Breakfast was fresh and more than enough. Disappointed there were no highchairs in the Hotel. Spent a lot of time chasing our little sweetheart around the lobby with a croissant (Hopefully not irritating other Guests!)The complimentary wine on an evening was very welcomed.The lovely lady playing the piano was very sweet to our little girl, thank you, it really made us feel more relaxed.One of our gripes is that it didnt feel very Christmas like in the Hotel. We had really wanted it to be special with been away from home, and expected it to have more of an atmosphere. Felt it lacked something. Guess we would still have this opinion if it wasnt Christmas, too.A Christmas tree in the lobby would have been nice. Don't expect the staff to break out into 'Jingle bells' when we enter the lobby, but a little cheer would not have gone a miss.Don't get us wrong most of the staff were friendly (Jose and the other guys on the door were very courteous, nothing too much trouble) Unfortunately a couple of others on reception lacked the same enthusiasm, which let it down really. A few more smiles would have been nice.When we come back to NY we will most likely try somewhere else, but we'd definately say to give Hotel Giraffe a try. Some nice touches/extras, make it overall a good place to stay.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	5	3	3	4	

<Author>GizmoRedondoBeach_CA
<Content>highly recommend I've stayed at this hotel four or five times now. The service is excellent, and the accomodations are quite lovely. Can't beat the convenient location, as it is very near the subway with lots of taxis and busses. A light breakfast is included in your stay in the lobby, or for an extra $5 you can have it delivered to your room. The staff is very friendly. This review was written by a demanding sophisticated traveler, and ex New Yorker.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>roloo
<Content>Great Service I stayed at the Hotel Giraffe over Thanksgiving weekend with family to see other family and friends. The service was excellent: friendly and accommodating. Free access to the nearby (three blocks) New York Sports Club was most appreciated. And complimentary wine and hors d'oeuvres every evening in the lobby are not to be missed. One word of warning: avoid the paella at Barna, the restaurant in the basement! Kind of amateurish.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RedhillChiliPepper
<Content>Do toilet rolls really need a ribbon? The Hotel Giraffe stands out from the sort of anonymous chain hotels so usually found in the middle of major cities. The service is efficient and courteous without being sycophantic. The rooms, although they're the typical box-shape, are comfortable and roomy enough. The facilities are to the standard you'd expect for a upper-range hotel. The location is superb, a few minutes' walk from the Empire State Building, but the stretch of Park Avenue is safe and comparitively quiet (but that's still noisy to anyone not used to the 24 hour roar of a city). We could have lived without some of the so-called luxury touches like the ribbon around the toilet roll, and the only way to access the Cable TV decoder was to keep the cupboard door open, which was so wrong. But overall we enjoyed our stay here. It wasn't the most exciting, glamorous or stylish hotel we've ever stayed in, but it was an ideal place to stay for a holiday in central Manhattan.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	3	4	5	

<Author>Bubbs81
<Content>Top location My boyfriend and I stayed at Hotel Giraffe over Thanksgiving weekend. The hotel is in a fantastic location and within easy walking distance to key sights such as the Empire State Building, Fifth Avenue and Grand Central Station. The staff are very friendly and helpful, and are happy to research information on attractions, bars and restaurants.The roof terrace would be great in summer but the views aren't spectacular.The cheese and wine offered is average. There is only 1 white and 1 red to pick from so you can't be fussy. The cheese is bland and low quality, not up to scratch if you like your European cheeses.I would definitely stay here again, but would also research other hotels.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>jtkla
<Content>Awesome! We recently spent a wonderful Thanksgiving weekend at the Hotel Giraffe. The staff and service make this hotel a winner. Last year, we stayed at a larger chain hotel and there is no comparison to the level of attention and customer satisfaction the Hotel Giraffe offers. The best recommendation is knowing that this is my hotel of choice when I return to New York next year.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Friendlytexan
<Content>When you want nothing but the best! I have been staying at Hotel Giraffe for the past 8 years and it only keeps gettting better and better. This hotel is more like your private apartment in the city!The staff knows your name and the atmosphere is so calm and relaxing in the heart of the bustling city.Hotel Giraffe is the city's best kept secret......I will be back!!John PerezHouston, Texas  
<Date>Dec 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Time_to_relaxOttawa
<Content>Great location, great hotel. Loved this hotel. It is nice, clean, and comfortable. The French doors leading to the little balcony are a wonderful touch, and also they make the room nice and bright. (I also loved the switch-operated screens for the blinds at night). It is quiet at night (other than the occasional sirens from police etc which I imagine are unescapable anywhere in the city), and much more tranquil an area than Times Square, for example (read: you can go out but when you go home to bed, you actually get to sleep).The room was an oasis after walking all over the city. The location is amazing. Go uptown and shop or see museums. Walk right out the door and Madison Square Park is a block away and shops not much further. Go downtown and wander. The service was very good, although a few more smiles would be nice.The breakfast was simple but really just what you need to get your day started.We would definitely go again.Of note, I booked through the hotel website and got a deal. Look at the packages, you can do better sometimes.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>sallyimb
<Content>Wonderful stay We have just returned from a 4 night stay and had a wonderful time. My husband and I took our 2 sons aged 19and 22 and we booked a double, double which was a fair size. I requested a high floor and we got a room on the 11th floor.. It was a birthday celebration and wine and chocolates were left which was a nice touch on arrival. We found the hotel to be very relaxed and comfortable and most of the staff to be very helpful, we would definately stay here on our next visit and would highly recommend it.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>chasmo12
<Content>A Superb Experience We just spent 4 nights at Hotel Giraffe. From check in to check out, every element of our stay was superb. Extremely well trained and attentive staff. Very helpful with restaurant recommendations, directions and every detail of our stay. A Great value through their 21 day advance booking at a discount plan. The rooms are beautiful, maintained as if new yesterday, and serviced very nicely each morning and with turn down service each night. A nice quiet location away from the traffic and noise of Midtown, but extremely convenient to everything, whether by cab or subway.Would recommend to anyone who wants to enjoy a truely boutique atmosphere!  
<Date>Nov 25, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Paul_Carter
<Content>Taxi !! To City Hall please - we're getting married !!       The big day - lobby of Giraffe  
<Date>Nov 14, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	4	5	4	4	3	

<Author>wherenext09
<Content>Wonderful hotel...again My husband and I had previously had a wonderful stay at Hotel Giraffe in 2006 and so when I planned to take my mother for a birthday trip to NYC I didnt hesitate to book into the Hotel Giraffe again.We had a Exec double which was perfect as it had 2 double beds and the room had plenty of space and a lovely bathroom. The beds were really comfortable.The hotel is spotlessly clean in all areas. The hotel is lovely as it is quite small and personal but the service is never intrusive. The breakfast served in the lobby is lovely and the perfect start to a day sightseeing in NYC.I think my favourite thing about the hotel is how relaxed and calm it is - sometimes New York gets quite hectic and it really did feel nice to come back to the tranquil peace of the hotel giraffe to chill out.The location is also perfect as it is literally 1 minute walk from the 6 subway route and so really easy to get everywhere in the city. There are also some lovely restaurant on the block which are really handy if you dont feel like getting a cab anywhere.Try Dos Caminos for a great, and busy mexican right next door Blue Smoke for a truely american rib experience ( just round corner on 27th)Brilliant hotel and would never consider staying anywhere else in NYC.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>tablesedge
<Content>Best of Gramercy This hotel is as wonderful as Gramercy Park hotel was terrible.We stayed here for a medical conference and didn't want to be at the large hotel near Grand Central.Hotel Giraffe staff, service, rooms, cleanliness, breakfast, all top notch. Lobby relaxed and comfortable to visit with guests, room was spacious with balcony. Everything perfect in a great location near lots of fun restaurants and easy access to Times Square or the Village.Carol Colitti Levine  
<Date>Nov 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Chris39
<Content>Wonderful! We stayed for one week at the Giraffe and I cannot praise it enough. We had a deluxe room with 2 double beds for our family of 4 (including 2 teenage daughters). Room was very attractive and of a decent size. Particularly liked the electronic blinds - it was great first thing in the morning to lazily press a button by the bed and with a clunk clunk, the blinds lifted to reveal New York. It felt like being in a James Bond film. The room also had a balcony which must be quite rare in the city. Every evening we came back after a busy day to find music playing softly and the beds turned down with chocolates left on the pillows.Initially when we arrived I wasn't that keen on the look of the main lounge area, I think it needed some softer lighting with table lamps. Although in the morning it was bustling and jolly with guests at breakfast. We thought the breakfast was exceptionally good. Wonderfully fresh food, including bagels, croissants, rolls, fresh fruit salad, cereals and yogurts - daily papers to read too. The lounge had a lovely informal feel to it in the mornings.Most evenings we made use of the complimentary wine and cheese. We tried to make an effort for this as New York can be so exhausting that it was great to get back and relax with a glass or 2 of prosecco before heading out to dinner. A pianist playing on a grand piano too.Location wise, we thought it was perfect as it is just a couple of blocks away in either direction to the subways on 23rd or 28th street, and only 2 stops to Grand Central Station, with just one change from there to Times Square.Even though the reception desk is very small, we found the staff to be very courteous and helpful. They were only too happy to telephone various tours we wanted to be booked on.One of the highlights of our trip was to see the New York Knicks playing at Madison Square Garden. A real showbiz/sporty extravaganza! Only about 20 minutes to walk back to hotel afterwards.Grand Central Station also just has to be seen - it is spectacular. The food market inside is a rival for the food hall at Harrods.Empire State Building - go up in late evening. We went at 11pm (closes at 2am) and there were no queues. Wonderful night time vista.Take a 2 hour bike tour of Central Park to see all the best bits.Get half price tickets for most of the shows at TKTS in Times Square. Opens at 2 pm.Ellen Stardust Diner in Times Square for singing waiting staff. Loved it. Food is extremely ordinary, but you don't go for the food!Did about 4 main sights every day, so the relaxing drink back at the hotel was very welcome.Back to the Giraffe. Do not think we could have found a better hotel. Loved it (and I am quite hard to please!)  
<Date>Nov 4, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>David200
<Content>Disappointing and over priced My wife and I recently (end Oct 2008) stayed at the Giraffe for three nights - in short don't believe the hype on this page (some of it is I believe written by the hotel itself) - it is a perfectly ok place to stay but for what it is the hotel is expensive - it is not a boutique hotel or luxurious although it tries to claim it is - it is in fact rather worn/tired with some of the staff being pretty indifferent to the concept of customer service - you would be just as well off in a holiday inn or similar such place for a lot less money. There are some genuinely smart boutique hotles in NYC - this is not one of them.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2008
<Rating>2	1	2	2	3	2	1	2	

<Author>NMc69
<Content>Down with chain hotels, try the Hotel Giraffe instead The Hotel Giraffe is very nice and more personal than one of the chain hotels. The breakfast is just right, fresh fruit and bagels, and wine and cheese every evening is a nice after-shopping treat. I liked the decor of our room, which was pretty spacious for NYC. I give it a thumbs up.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	2	5	5	

<Author>FergieShropshire
<Content>Great location We booked this hotel for a 3 night stay for 4 of us (myself,hubby and 2 daughters aged 18  20).We shared a double, double room which was easily big enough. Good sized bathroom with used toiletries replaced daily.Spotlessly clean, comfortable beds.Good breakfast and wine and cheese provided early evening(although we were never back in time for it). Great location - we walked to Central Park, Times Square and everywhere in between! Staff very helpful an pleasant. Would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>debbierich
<Content>Midwestern Charm in NYC I had heard good things from friends about the Hotel Giraffe and its reputation is well earned. It's a little pricey, but they do so much extra for the guests that you feel like they really appreciate your business. Check in was simple. When we arrived there was a complimentary wine and cheese assortment with live music. In the very busy NYC, this was such a relaxing break. The room was very beautifully decorated and extremely comfortable. The breakfast, included in the rate, is another amenity that makes hectic NYC so much easier to manage. The location at 26th and Park can't be beat. I highly recommend this hotel and will gladly return again in the future.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>nonamebda
<Content>Continue to maintain high standard This was our fourth stay at this hotel, stretching over a number of years, and we were impressed by how they have consistently kept their high standards. Service is excellent - staff is helpful, pleasant and informed. The hotel is very well maintained, which is often not the case with boutique properties. An inviting, comfortable place to stay!  
<Date>Oct 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ao23
<Content>Hotel Giraffe is a gem! I'm a New Yorker who was looking for a short getaway in my own city. I found it at the Hotel Giraffe. The location is close to the subway and central to many parts of the city, including Greenwich Village, which I wanted to explore. The hotel room size was ample with nice amenities, including robes and flat screen tvs. I loved the lobby with its comfortable seating; a great location for the complimentary breakfast. I'd like to return in the summer and spend more time at the rooftop seating area, which also looked relaxed and comfortable.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2008
<Rating>5	3	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>cutebabygirl
<Content>Great Little Boutique Hotel This is a great little hotel in a non tourist location. The staff is exceptionally friendly and helpful. They offered a breakfast in the lobby that was just right and a wonderful wine and cheese reception at 5 daily. The rooms are spacious and comfortable. It is conveniently located close to the subway and numerous restaurants and shops. There is a wonderful city park (Madison Square Park) just one block to the west that was a great place for our 7 year old daughter to play. We really enjoyed our stay there and wouldn't hesitate to go back.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>debaser_79
<Content>Absolutely Perfect! I cannot recommend this hotel highly enough! We chose the hotel to celebrate my birthday and also to spend our first trip to New York. We were looking for something central, but also out of the main tourist areas, and with a certain uniqueness. The hotel was perfect on all counts. We found the staff to be excellent, nothing was too much trouble, and they helped make my birthday very special. The room was gorgeous and comfortable, we had a view all the way down Park Avenue South from our balcony, the cheese and wine was great and we found the location to be perfect - there are several great restaurants nearby - A Voce and Dos Caminos - and a subway stop a couple of minutes walk away. The hotel was everything we were looking for. We would definitely stay here again and have recommended it to all of our friends already!  
<Date>Oct 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>whizzi
<Content>Fantastic Hotel Giraffe We stayed at the Hotel Giraffe in Sept 08 as our last fling before our baby arrives, and had a fantastic time. The room itself was spacious and had a cute balcony to watch the world go by. The bed was comfy with a selection of pillows, the bathroom was clean and well stocked. It was the little touches that made it special though - robes and slippers, luxurious toiletries, complimentary bottles of water, and an iHome dock so we could play our own music. We were on the 11th floor which is definitely recommended as the street noise can get loud.The staff were always very efficient and polite, and so helpful with information and taxi-catching. The continental breakfast was fresh and a real treat, and the wine and cheese evenings were a lovely way of unwinding after a hard day's shopping. The Barna roof terrace was also a fine place to have a cocktail before heading out for the evening (and the tapas was delicious here too). Room service is from the Barna restaurant downstairs and was quick and plentiful.The hotel is located in a great neighbourhood - great restaurants and bars to suit all tastes and styles, close to the subway and it was very easy to grab a cab on Park Ave. Madison Square Park is only a short block away and we had a lovely few hours with a picnic there - just pick up some take out on 23rd street and enjoy the greenery and calm for a while.In all, a fab hotel and a great location - highly recommended!  
<Date>Sep 28, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>lawyergirl07
<Content>Wow, What a Great Escape! Usually my business trips leave me in boring and uninspiring hotels, though this time around I splurged and went for something different. Different is what I got! The Giraffe was incredible! After a long day of dealing with unrelenting clients, Wine and Cheese available in the lounge was outstanding. The staff was helpful in helping my navigate my way around the city, even providing me a map and highlighting some must see spots for me. The room was beautifully appointed and very cushy, which I like. The only downside of my stay was that the room next to mine had a small child that was screaming two of my four nights. Babies cry, but by all means, stick a nipple in the poor kids mouth or something!All and all the stay was great. Im from LA, so dealing with Taxis was a bit off for me, but I got into the swing of things quickly.I will definatly be returning.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TheOCIronMike
<Content>Stick your neck out and try the Giraffe This hotel is well located and very friendly. Between mid-town and Soho/Greenwich Village, the hotel is near several great restaurants within a short walk, and subway stops just a couple of blocks away on Park Avenue.Breakfast was fresh and basic--fruit and pastries and bagels--which my wife said were authentic New York style.Our room was quite nice, but we'd suggest avoiding the 12th floor where we stayed, as the outdoor bar goes well past midnight most nights, and there is a meeting room directly adjacent.Our tv was hard to figure out, but the staff helped us each time we were having problems. There is no business center, but there is a single computer in the lobby available first come first served.Rates were competitive. We would stay at the Giraffe again and recommend it to friends.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>ratinthekitchen
<Content>Perfect Choice This was our first stay in a New York City hotel. The location was just what we needed, away from the Time Square crowd, yet close enough to things when walking, taking the subway, etc. The room was large by NY standards (I had been in town on business), the decor was fun, the staff attentive. The lobby was great with breakfast in the morning, all-hours espresso machine, wine/cheese/piano in the late afternoon. We had an issue with a too-soft bed that was resolved quickly. The only negatives were the spotty internet availability and that the staff could have been a bit more knowledgable about simple issues like the subway, tourist attractions, etc. Since it was too small to have a concierge, the people at the desk should have known a bit more. We would definitely stay there the next time.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Larkey
<Content>A great place in the chaos that is NEW YORK CITY! After scouring the web for what seemed an eternity for somewhere to stay for my New York trip, I came across Hotel Giraffe. I was thrown by the name initially but after I checked out their site, I knew that this was the place I wanted to stay and, I wasn't disappointed. I had the deluxe queen room which was nice and spacious. A nice and clean bathroom (which I'm always a bit weary of) and attentive staff. The breakfast selection was enough to get you started on your day and the wine and cheese evenings were a perfect way to relax after a day on the streets before heading out to dinner. All in all, Hotel Giraffe added greatly to my New York experience and I would definately stay there again on my next visit.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ShakaWahine
<Content>New Favorite Hotel What a lovely hotel! Traveled with the 2 year old again and it went perfectly. The breakfast daily was so convenient, and one day when we woke up late Jasmine was kind enough to bring breakfast to our room! Desk staff were very helpful and patient! Love the neighborhood, not a fannypack in sight! Very clean room, spacious and well-appointed. Free internet was a bonus, too. I will definitely stay there again!  
<Date>Sep 7, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DrRick
<Content>Great Hotel, Great Location What a great hotel. We can't wait to go back. Large well appointed room. Clean and comfortable. Breakfast great. Wine and cheese reception a great experience as well. Exceptionally friendly and helpful staff. Close to subway stops and other main attractions in NYC  
<Date>Sep 4, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Lotfegirl
<Content>Giraffe is a perfect New York perch. I was in New York for five days to deliver my son to college. My sister came up from New Orleans so that we could have some fun in the city. The staff at Giraffe--mostly a group of very affable young men--were welcoming and helpful. Our double bedded room was BIG by New York standards, the furnishings were modern by warm, beds comfy and the bathroom very nice-sized with nice toiletries. Loved the bath robes. Really, really loved the fact that there was almost always a little something to drink or snack on in the lobby. Made it feel so comfortable and personal. Just a wonderful, easy place to be in New York.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>brucegarman
<Content>Giraffe a pleasant surprise in NYC An excellent small hotel - room was lovely and very clean, maid service excellent, very nice breakfast in lobby which we took to rooftop patio, complimentary wine/cheese each late aft., staff were friendly and helpful. top floor is popular for weekend events so place can be busy but if you know this, no problem! handy to clothing shops nearby heading south on 5th ave.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>khughes09
<Content>A wonderful stay at the Giraffe Last weekend my family went for a quick trip to New York City. We were looking for somewhere nice but not too expensive to stay and the Giraffe exceeded all of our expectations. The service from everyone, particularly Jose, was outstanding; always present and eager to help but never intrusive. The rooms were gorgeous with nice amenities and plenty of room for 3 of us with two double beds. I really appreciated the amount of natural light during the day and then the shade that lowered at night to block out all of the lights of the city. It is not a huge room, but it served our purposes very well. The decor was simple and elegant. The beds are a little hard and the pillows were a little soft, but they do provide harder pillows in the closet. Once I used those the bed became very comfortable. The bathroom was also quite spacious for such a small room and I particularly appreciated the cloth they provided to wipe the steam off the mirrors after exiting the shower. I personally enjoyed the lobby area just to sit and read a book or enjoy a cup of coffee. It has plenty of natural light and high ceilings with classic decor and beautiful flower arrangements. It was a great setting for breakfast, afternoon tea and wine and cheese in the evening. The breakfast was your standard breakfast, but the coffee was good and everything was always fresh. Wine and cheese in the evening was a great way to unwind after the day and before going out to dinner. If you are looking for a boutique hotel in New York with a wonderful location and exceptional service, the Giraffe is the place for you!  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>Where2this_weekend?
<Content>Consistently Great Second time at Hotel Giraffe was the same great experience as the first. We were celebrating a birthday and I had indicated this when I booked the room (on the hotel's site). A bottle of champagne was waiting on ice when we entered our room, compliments of the hotel. And chocolates! The wine in the evenings, breakfast in the morning, and warmth and helpfulness of the staff make up for any price difference above other Manhattan hotels- you just won't find this level of quality any cheaper. We loved the robes and slippers they have hanging in the closet. The staff was super helpful with directions on the subway system, restaurant picks (try Ray's pizza or Porchao just across the intersection), and recommendations for a night out. We will stay here again, without a doubt.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Audrey79
<Content>Excllent smaller hotel in New York We stayed at the Hotel Giraffe for two nights and thoroughly enjoyed our experience. The staff was polite and helpful. The room was clean and comfortable, and the breakfast in the morning was wonderful. There were a few small holes in the sheets the first night which we thought was a bit shoddy, but the complimentary Prosecco which appeared in our room for our anniversary more than made up for it.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	5	4	4	5	3	

<Author>TLOPa
<Content>Nice My husband and I stayed at Hotel Giraffe this past weekend, it was a combination Birthday/Anniversary celebration. I noted that when I made the reservation, but unlike many of the other guests, we were not greeted with wine or chocolate in our room. I know that is a courtesy, but if you do it for one guest, you should really do it for all guests. The hotel is charming and as another reviewer added not a cookie cutter, chain hotel. We especially liked the complimentary wine and cheese evening reception. On Saturday we went to a 2:00 show and then checked into the hotel, it was so nice to have a few glasses of wine and a snack before heading off to a late dinner. The only thing disappointing was there wasn't a piano player when we were there. Unless he/she came after we had left.Anyway, the rooms are spacious and clean. I was pleasantly surprised that our room had a balcony overlooking the city. It was very romantic and beautiful. Of course the traffic was loud at night, but I have learned from experience to always travel with a fan for some white noise. So, it wasn't too bothersome. The beds weren't very comfortable, but I don't think that's uncommon in hotels, at least from my perspective. I think the decor could be kicked up a notch, but it was above average nonetheless. The continental breakfast was nice, but nothing fancy. The coffee was weak and the cappuccino/espresso machine was like something out of a convenience store and it either wasn't working well or just wasn't tasty. It was also very crowded and difficult to find a seat to eat in the morning, this was a little annoying, but we got over it.The staff was friendly and helpful. They held our bags and our car until after checkout so we could stay in the city longer, so that was nice.The one thing that was really great about the hotel was the rooftop bar. My husband and I headed up there after dinner to have a drink and it was a quaint/romantic place to relax before going back to our room.Overall I would recommend this hotel to a friend and would stay again in the future.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>mvks
<Content>Whats all the hype about? OK took trip advisors recommendation....was not overly pleased. Did not care for the area. I asked for a room on a higher floor which I got but the hotel is so small you hear noise ALL NIGHT. Beds not to comfy. Otherwise ok clean rooms, breakfast is free and fresh (the bagels are really good!). Staff ok. Its was an OK stay not really worth the money though.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	2	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>Elyse99
<Content>Giraffe is Amazing       Rooftop Giraffe  
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>xraydeltaone
<Content>A mixed bag and a nice try Hotel Giraffe really was like two different places. At night, the elevators were full of drunk, yelling hipsters and 20-something tourists (maybe they were guests) going to and from the rooftop bar. In the morning, at breakfast, it was mostly older folks--and I mean *older* older; I wondered if these people heard all the noise the night previous or whether it worked out fine because they couldn't hear that well. The place overall seemed to have a veneer of modernity and sophistication about it, but just under the surface was a lack of quality that broke the illusion. The rooms were nicely decorated, and efforts were made to lend upper-end feel, but look closely at the details--a plain institutional box of tissue, an unwrapped roll of toilet paper, creaky old air con units--and it tells the story. This kind of playing at being a hip hotel theme persisted elsewhere too: desk staff whose suits didn't fit quite right making strained efforts at cordiality, but clearly not paying attention to guests or very practiced in their jobs; breakfast staff standing by to pour each guest a cup of coffee at the bar, but then disappearing for minutes at a time requiring me to serve myself (I didn't mind, it was just awkward since they had this stand-by-to-serve thing going on before). Overall, I guess the impression is nice try. At this kind of rate, though, I'd prefer to stay someplace that knows its business and has hospitality down pat-- thoroughly nice instead of just trying.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	2	2	2	4	

<Author>punky1277
<Content>Great rooms at a great price Stayed here with a couple of friends for a girls weekend away. This hotel worked out very well for us -- the size of the room was amazing for a NYC hotel. Enough room for 4 girls to spread out without bumping into one another!! We were excited to go downstairs for the nightly wine and cheese bar, however were disappointed with the wine choices. Overall, a good hotel at a convenient location!  
<Date>Jul 23, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Popeye70
<Content>Hotel Giraffe excellent We stayed at the Hotel Giraffe for a long weekend from July 18 - 21, 2008, and I can't think of a single bad thing to say about the place. Service was great, room was immaculate, location very central. I wouldn't hesitate to recommend it to anyone. We will definitely stay there on our next trip to NYC.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Cafe_rose
<Content>Fantastic boutique hotel We loved staying at Hotel Giraffe. The room was larger than I've experienced before in Manhattan. The food provided - breakfast, wine and cheese, and more - was unique and added to the friendly feel at the hotel. I would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Wonposet
<Content>Hotel Giraffe: still a great place to stay! Not much is as good as it used to be . . . except the Hotel Giraffe.We stayed there three years ago and loved it. We loved it again for the second time.Though we arrived early, and we expected to wait, our room was ready within minutes. The room was immaculately clean and well decorated. Maid service was excellent. We especially enjoyed the afternoon wine and cheese and met many other interesting guests.We came to NYC to see five Broadway shows and wondered whether the hotel's location was too far out of the way to be convenient. It wasn't. Everything we wanted to do was a short walk or a short cab ride away.Hotel Giraffe is like a stylish European Hotel. We'll be back again.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Jan024
<Content>Loved The Giraffe We stayed at the Giraffe for a few days on a sight-seeing visit to NYC with our two teenagers. Our accomodation was clean and beautifully decorated and consisted of a separate bed-room and living room with sofa-bed (and extra tv !) for the kids.We cannot praise the Giraffe staff enough - from reception to breakfast bar to concierge/doormen they were friendly and helpful. We had a problem with the pick-up of our hire car on the morning of our departure and the receptionist volunteered to help us sort it out, and spent quite a while doing so. Great service!  
<Date>Jul 18, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>jcruz25
<Content>Great service. Great ammenities for price. Wanted to stay in a different part of town than my typical business trips to Midtown, so stayed here and loved it. Its in a great neighborhood with plenty of shopping and restaurants. Quick walk to Union Sq. The ammentities like free Internet, Free breakfast, free wine at happy hour each evening made it so nice to not be nickel and dimed. The rooms and bathrooms were trendy and nice size. I'd stay again for sure!  
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>toodlee
<Content>Love the Giraffe My husband and I just returned from a fabulous 4th of July weekend at the Hotel Giraffe. This was our second time staying at the Giraffe and we will return in the near future. The front desk staff are very helpful and check in/out a breeze. The rooms are large, bathrobes are provided and the bath products are very nice. Especially love the complimentary wine and cheese evening reception with the piano player adding to the ambiance. Not a cookie cutter, chain hotel, the Giraffe provides both value and an oasis of calm within NYC.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>LWeiss
<Content>Fantastic NYC hotel! We had a one-night getaway for our anniversary to New York City, and took a lot of time researching and reviewing hotels. Trip Advisor had it right again!! The Hotel Giraffe was wonderful! While a bit expensive, even for NYC, the rooms are large, the breakfast was VERY nice (bagels, yogurt, fruit, pastries, coffee, etc.) and they also had complimentary beverages and cookies all day. They had a cocktail hour w/ complimentary wine/champagne and cheese too. So, at least you get something with your money! I mentioned it was our anniversary and they surprised me by upgrading our room to a suite. It was HUGE and beautiful. The decor was classy but not overwhelming. It had a small balcony, too. The staff were extremely attentive and friendly. I asked the concierge for some advice on where to go, and they even printed out a train schedule for us when we were unable to get our computer on line. I highly recommend this hotel for a wonderful experience in the city!  
<Date>Jul 6, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Movingart
<Content>A great experience at the Giraffe Being a woman alone in New York was daunting but having found the Giraffe I felt secure and pampered. The breakfast and the evening wine and cheese hour was especially welcoming. My room was large and luxurious with everything from umbrella to slippers provided. Although a long way from the Museum mile there was excellent subway connections and the advantage was it was within easy walking distance of the great shopping in Soho and Greenwich Village.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>homantag
<Content>Very NIce Boutique Hotel in NYC's Midtown Area This hotel is an excellent alternative to staying at a major chain. Having been recently remodeled, the rooms are nicely appointed and well kept. Do not think however, that the rates are going to be much less than other major chains or other nicer boutique hotels. To their credit however, the rates in all of NYC have gone up substantially in the last couple of years. But, you could at times just as easily get a room at any of the 5-star hotels for almost the same if not less, than a room here at the Giraffe.The location on Park Avenue South is very central to most of the attractions of the mid-town area. The suites are nicer than the regular units, and quite spacious.Because I travel to NYC often for business, I have stayed here several times. The consistency is great, and several of the business amenities are key. They have free wireless in the rooms and lobby area (as well as hard-wire if you need it). There is also a printer in the lobby, with a stand-alone laptop, in case you need to print a boarding pass, or to just browse the web. There is a free continental breakfast in the morning. Nothing fancy, just some fruits, juices, bagels, etc.I would say that the biggest thing lacking at this hotel is a scene and good restaurant. Because this is a small boutique hotel, there is really no gathering of people there (but there are plenty of places close by). The other down side is that the restaurant is not open too late, and the food is mediocre at best (but again, there are plenty of other places close by).  
<Date>Jun 29, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>liebersh
<Content>A Perfect Fit For a True NYC Experience As a New York resident, I was suspect about staying in a New York hotel. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Hotel Giraffe was the perfect option after getting engaged. The room was spacious, clean and beautiful, we were given a bottle of prosecco after we noted our engagement and, because we arrived so late, we were upgraded by necessity into a suite. The staff was extremely friendly and helpful. If I was an out-of-towner, this is definitely a better option than a traditional chain hotel.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Winton8
<Content>Good time at the Giraffe My wife and I stayed at the Hotel Giraffe for 6 nights sightseeing and shopping at the end of May 2008. It was our first visit to New York and we chose the hotel after reading the reviews in Trip Advisor.Location:The hotel is centrally located in Midtown near a subway station, close to the Flatiron building and not too far from the Empire State Building. It is not in the main hotel district but we didn't find that a problem.We bought Metrocards on our first day and found it easy to get about by subway or bus. There is no direct subway line from the hotel to Times Square or Herald Sq (for Macys') but the connections were not difficult and there are always lots of taxis if necessary. There were plenty of cafes and restaurants nearby both on Park and Lexington Avenues.Accomodation:We booked a Superior King room this did not have a balcony but was comfortable and of good size for a City Centre hotel. The decor was stylish and the room was well equiped with a useful free WiFi. The only thing that could have been added would have been a kettle to make tea or coffee but this was available in the hotel lounge at all times if needed.We were on the 9th floor facing 26th street and found the room quiet. It was well insulated and with good air conditioning, Staff:The staff were pleasant and helpful without being intrusive. Reception was always well staffed.Generally:One feature of the hotel is the inclusive continental style buffet breakfast. It is not a hot breakfast but there is plenty of choice with cereals, fruit and fruit juices, hard boiled eggs, rolls, tea, coffee etc.I had mentioned when booking that my wife had a birthday during our stay. We were pleasantly surprised with the wine and belgian chocolates left in our room on our return that day.Another feature is the piano music and cheese and wine in the lounge each evening. This made for a pleasant break after sightseeing and shopping.Overall we were pleased with the Hotel Giraffe and would definitely stay again.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	3	5	4	4	5	

<Author>dbanana
<Content>Nice Hotel but beware if you are a light sleeper... I really wanted to love this hotel. It is across the street from the office that I came here to visit on my business trip and in a great part of town. The reviews from past travelers sounded wonderful. And the hotel itself is very nice...extremely clean, very decent sized rooms that are tastefully decorated. Good sized bathrooms with marble counters. Plus the complimentary internet and breakfast is a great perk. Unfortunately, my problem with the hotel has very little to do with the hotel itself but with the level of noise from the busy streets it is located on. The first night I stayed here I got in very late after a grueling day of dealing with flight delays, etc. All I wanted to do was to rest in my room. Within a very short time of getting to my room, I heard a very loud slamming/cranking sound from the street. I called the front desk and asked what the sound was and was told it was the trash pickup and it would stop in a few minutes. About 30 minutes later (after midnite) I called down again because the noise was still going. I asked to be moved to a higher floor (I was on the 7th), but the hotel was sold out that night. The noise finally did stop, but the street noise from below was still pretty loud. The next day, the hotel staff agreed to move me to a room on the 5th floor facing Park Ave instead of 26th, since the trash pickup is on 26th. They were very nice about this and accomodating, which I really appreciated. Unfortuately, the move did not help much with the street noise. I am not sure if being on a higher floor would have helped (the hotel only goes up to the 12th floor). By the third night I finally found a way to drown out the street noise - I turned on the A/C in the room which makes a pretty loud humming noise and turned my iPod on to some soothing music (all rooms have iHome docks for your iPod). This definitely helped and I finally got a good nights sleep. So, bottom line - great hotel if you don't mind either hearing street noise or are OK with a cold room and humming sound from your A/C!!  
<Date>May 30, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>GatorJimmy
<Content>Big service in a small hotel - Hotel Giraffe Clean room - check. Friendly service - check. Great location - check. This hotel isn't imposing like some of the big ones in the city, but it has all you need for an enjoyable adult stay. Check in is easy, and the staff will take care of your needs.The hotel includes the basics - a nice, small lobby with nice views out the window as you eat your complimentary breakfast, and a cool rooftop garden to enjoy a drink or cigar.Of course, the location is nice - a great mix of residential, office and retail, and you can get anywhere in the city quickly via subway or cab. For a couple enjoying the city, it's perfect.  
<Date>May 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>operamouse
<Content>The Clear Favorite We stayed here due to a discount for a friends wedding, and after staying at 4-5 other hotels on previous trips I have to say, I'll never stay any where else. The rooms are a good size and well equipped, the breakfast was perfect, and the wine and cheese a great way to start the evening. Roof Bar was also a cozy place to grab after dinner drinks. There is good food near by with Blue Smoke right around the corner for BBQ or Haru for sushi, the park bar a short walk away for reasonably priced drinks.  
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>JamesOttawa_Canada
<Content>Dependable Giraffe Again! This was our 3rd visit to the Giraffe. You can count on good service, clean moderately sized rooms with some upgrades, a daily continental breakfast and a daily wine and cheese reception in the large main lobby area (except Sunday). You are a two minute walk to a subway station on the green line so you can be in upper midtown/Central Park or south to the tip of Manhattan with a 10-15 minute subway ride max. It is a nice area for walking - Gramercy Park, Madison Square Park are very close (3-5 minutes) and Union Square is a 10-15 minute walk and lots of modestly priced restaurants within walking distance. There is a nightclub next door Barna (which also has a restaurant) - more for the younger crowd 20's and 30's which can be noisy in the evenings from the music, best to request a room higher up in the building if possible to escape the nightclub noise and to a lesser extent street level noise from traffic if either would be of concern. You won't be disappointed if you book this hotel - bear in mind it is a smaller boutique hotel so won't have the trappings of a big hotel like a Hilton etc. if that is what you are looking for.James Ottawa, Canada  
<Date>May 20, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>LRaykoff
<Content>The Giraffe is terrific! This was the fourth time staying at the Giraffe and it continues to be wonderful. The rooms are very comfortable and nicely appointed with great amenities - flat screens, ipod docking stations, cable, etc. The staff is always courteous and very helpful. We absolutely love the breakfast that is included with the room - fabulous bagels, pastries, cereal, fresh fruit, juices, capuccinos, yogurt and much more. They also have a lovely cocktail hour with wine, cheese and crackers. The lobby is lovely, spacious and very comfortable. The hotel is also in a great location with easy access to either uptown or downtown. We will definitely be back and can't wait.  
<Date>May 20, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>HLWOhio
<Content>Delightful Hotel Giraffe Very comfortable accommodations in medium-size room. Hotel staff very courteous. Very clean. Liked ambiance in lobby with complimentary wine and cheese. Continental breakfast included good N.Y. pastries. Coffees and cookies available at all times. Computer and printer in lobby for guest's free use.  
<Date>May 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>travelingRD
<Content>Wonderful This was our second visit to the Giraffe, and we thorougly enjoyed our stay. In fact, I had booked family as well, and everyone loved their experience. I am well traveled, and find the Giraffe very accommodating in every way. Yes, our room wasn't ready prior to 3, but keep in mind on the other end, checkout is at 1 pm. One great advantage is the comfortable lobby where you can have complimentary breakfast in the morning, cappuccino  cookies throughout the day, and at 5 pm, cheese, crackers and wine. The lobby in very condusive to talking and meeting friends in the city. The rooms are very comfortable and have many ammenities. The only drawback, is there is noise from the street, which you find in most NYC hotels. The doorman and lobby staff were wonderful, and when it was pouring rain, they were sure to flag a cab for us. Try the Giraffe, you won't be disappointed.  
<Date>May 12, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TOON-ON-T0UR
<Content>A great place to stay, we will be back.       Animal having a look outside  
<Date>May 7, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>irishtravelbunny
<Content>Giraffe is a Gem ! This hotel deserves all the rave reviews it's received to date! We booked on the strength of the Trip Advisor reviews and they were spot on. Almost afraid to rave about it myself as I want to go back and not have it booked up. An amazing gem in a fairly central location - quiet but only a few blocks from Empire State Building/Madison Square Garden / Macy's. 5 min walk to lovely Madison Park.Our room had a balcony it was spacious, spotless and cleaned twice a day! Cosy king size bed, fabulous bath and power shower. Towels stocked and chocolates on pillows - brilliant. The staff were courteous and attentive. The complimentary breakfast was ideal for morning fuel - lovely bagels / juices / croissants / tea / coffee / fruit along with morning papers. Evening wine and cheese and coffee/tea all throughout the day.There's an amazing Irish pub / steakhouse McCormacks just around the corner - beautiful steak, good beer and local new york atmosphereExcellent hotel - an absolute gem. Will definately be back!  
<Date>May 2, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JaimeNorway
<Content>Average Boutique Hotel My husband and I looked forward to a weekend at Hotel Giraffe. From all prior reviews, I was looking forward to staying at this hotel. Upon arrival, I was a bit disappointed that we were not about to check into our room at 2PM. We were instructed that check in was at 3. We cannot say that the friendliness of the check in staff was extraordinary.We also looked forward to the wine hour, but this, again, was disappointing....generic American cheeses and ok wine. As for breakfast, the website lists a European-style breakfast, but I did not find what was European about fruit salad, bagels, and cerael. I would suggest that they get more whole grain items as well since I was a bit disapponted about no whole grain items.Overall, it was a OK visit. The hotel was clean and the hotel staff did the necessary actions, but I cannot say I was overly impressed by the hotel to the point where this would be the only hotel I would every stay at.  
<Date>May 1, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	3	4	3	3	4	

<Author>bentongal
<Content>Memorable Stay I have stayed in many hotels in NYC and this one is by far my favorite. The room sizes are surprisingly large, with double sinks in the bathroom. The amenities in the lobby--breakfast, 24/7 coffee, wine/cheese in the evening with live piano music are nice. There are lots of good restaurants close by and the neighborhood is terrific. If you want to do the NYC tourist thing, stay farther uptown, but if you've done that and want to experience more of what the city has to offer, stay at the Giraffe. We actually moved up to the Waldorf Astoria for a few nights, and, honestly, I wish we would have stayed the entire time at the Giraffe--it really is that good!!  
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>debpayton
<Content>Doesn't live up to the hype We knew when we arrived at the hotel that our room would most likely not be ready, rather than politely explaining that the room was not ready, they curtly informed us that check in time is 3 pm. That pretty much sums up the rest of the staffs attitude. Our room was on the 3rd floor facing Park Avenue, at night the sounds from the bar/restaurant in the hotel and bar next door were very loud. There was a wait to get in somewhere and the doorstaff did nothing to quiet the loud patrons coming and going. We could hear conversations clearly. When we told the hotel staff they curtly informed us that next time book a room on another side of the hotel.The room size was nice for NY as was the bathroom. Breakfast was a yawn as was the happy hour which offers only wine to guests. We've stayed at boutique hotels around the world and part of the charm is the people that work there - they tend to be more accomodating than the big named hotels. Not so much at the Giraffe. My husband has stayed at other nearby boutique hotels and has been much happier with the service.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	4	4	2	2	4	

<Author>theoneandonlymo
<Content>A Great Hotel We stayed for a week and found the hotel accomadation spacious and very clean. Prices were equivalent to other hotels in the district and unusually Breakfast was included.Quiet at night and therefore getting sleep wasn't a problem either.Within walking distance of the Empire state, Flatiron and Macy's and there's a Metro station at the end of the block.Great location and friendly staff. We were very happy with our choice of hotel.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	3	4	3	

<Author>mainemojo
<Content>Hotel Giraffe: Outstanding! Hotel Giraffe proved to be an oasis in the NYC desert of overpriced, over-rated, cookie-cutter hotels and cut-rate fleabags. We spent three nights and couldn't find a thing to complain about. Doormen, desk staff, housekeeping staff were on the ball, courteous, attentive and actually seemed to enjoy what they were doing. King-bed room was spacious, well-appointed, clean and comfortable. Location is a short 10- to 15-minute walk to Union Square, a shorter walk to Madison Square Park (and the Shake Shack's delicious burgers, fries and milkshakes) and convenient to uptown and downtown subways. Inexpensive? No. Worth the price? Definitely.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>w8mui
<Content>Will definitely stay here again Was on a college tour trip with my daughter from Vermont toPhiladelphia. This was the best hotel we stayed at, recommended both by my sister-in-law (an ex-New Yorker) andmy New York friend. Loved our room. Staff super friendly without the hotel trained overboard fake friendliness.The best yet was the lobby where breakfast was served.Just about all the good things you need for a great self servedbreakfast. Then there's snack all day with my daughter's favorite cookies...What more can one ask for? Oh....great location....close to subway...10 minutes to SoHo where we shopped till we dropped. Will definitely stay here again without checking other options!  
<Date>Apr 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>LifeTraveller07
<Content>Doesn't deserve such a high review I purposely chose this hotel because it received such a high rating among NYC hotels on this website but was sorely disappointed. I expected more, especially for the price ($300+ for a single room). The hotel is certainly nice, clean, but fairly small. The room was also very small. I was offered a larger room for $70 or so more but declined. This hotel was average overall among the hotels I have stayed in the past and my suspicion is that some of the very high reviews came from the property management and their contacts. I could be wrong, but some of the reviews seemed very overrated. This hotel doesn't deserve to be in the very top among NYC hotels.The stay does include a continental breakfast of pastries, fruit, and cereal but I still don't feel the stay was worth the price. Also, the front desk was not very welcoming and one woman at the front desk seemed a bit condescending. I usually don't pay much attention to these kind of things but I felt unusually bad after checking in. The hotel is conveniently located near a subway stop and Madison Square Park, but no other major attractions within walking distance. I preferred staying in Times Square.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	2	5	1	3	5	

<Author>travelswithteens4
<Content>Nice Hotel, Good Location Stayed at the Hotel Giraffe for three nights during Spring Break with our two teenaged boys in a Junior Suite. Nice room, quiet but very small. We soon adapted to the size of the room but ended up with our youngest son (14) on the floor on the sofa cushions. Hotel staff assured us when we reserved the room that the fold out sofa bed would easily accomodate two teenaged boys. Doorman and maids couldn't have been nicer. Young front desk staff was a little stiff and unfriendly. Breakfast (included in room price) was disappointing; bagels, muffins, boiled eggs, cold cereals, juice, and yogurt. The next day, same stale bagels and muffins! We arrived for a late breakfast at 10:50 and hotel staff whisked it away at 10:58 instead of 11:00. Just rude! Evening wine and cheese was nice. Hotel is quiet and clean but could use some maintenance. Overall enjoyed our stay with a few small bumps in the road.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>BelindaTrent
<Content>Great stay at Hotel Giraffe We stay in NYC at least twice a year but this was our first stay at Hotel Giraffe. As other reviews have said it has very large rooms by NYC standards. We were in NYC to get married, and the hotel had arranged for a bottle of prosecco in our room, which was a nice touch. The breakfast and evening wine and cheese in the bar is a great touch for a hotel that is in a really good location for adventures either up or downtown. Our only comment is slightly lackluster staff at the front desk, but this seemed to be due to age/inexperience rather than rudeness. However, this could be more of a concern for first time visitors who needed more information about things to do and how to get there. Overall, a great stay and we will most definitely return.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	3	3	

<Author>YukonRoadKing
<Content>Still firing on all Cylinders This was our fifth (or sixth?) stay at the Giraffe, our favorite NYC hotel.Not a single thing to complain about. Hard to believe this is NYC. Very friendly and helpful staff from the doorman to the front desk to the breakfast bar.Even the lowest price standard queen is a lovely room, which is what we book. This time, we were upgraded to a suite (without asking) and it was superb, elegant, roomy,and bright.If there are better boutique hotels in NY at this price, I'd be surprised.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dmmirman
<Content>My favorite boutique hotel I am in New York about once a month. I tried several other hotels, but this is my favorite. It is very conveniently located for walking or the subway. The staff is pleasant and helpful. Rooms are very clean, with very comfortable beds, and the lobby continental breakfast is convenient on busy mornings or if you want to just relax with a paper or a view of Park Avenue out the window. It's also just about a block away from Madison Square Park, and there are many excellent restaurants within a 5-10 minute walk.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mootsie0109
<Content>Wonderful find in NYC! Great hotel! We went for a weekend trip and wanted to stay in a part of town less congested and touristy than Times Square. Hotel Giraffe is in a wonderful location with great restaurants within walking distance. The staff was very nice and accomodating from the minute we arrived. The rooms are a great size by New York standards, and even had a small balcony! We stayed three adults in a room and had lots of room. Bathrooms were a great size and everything was very clean. Breakfast every morning was a nice touch - european style pastries, cereal, bagels, soft boiled eggs, fruit, and great coffee. Wine and cheese each night with live piano music was a great retreat from a busy day in the city. We really liked everything about the hotel, and can't wait to return in the summer!  
<Date>Mar 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>hollygolightly90
<Content>Just lovely I recently spent a week at the Hotel Giraffe and thoroughly enjoyed my stay. My room, and indeed the hotel itself, was decorated in an understated elegance with soft, muted tones. Both comfortable and beautiful. Staff is friendly, professional and discreet. Good breakfasts in the morning. Also it is in one of Manhattan's loveliest neighborhoods, equidistant from the Village and Midtown. I look forward to returning, and would recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>WeenieLondon
<Content>Fantastic hotel! I've just returned from a long break to NY, and the Giraffe was one of the hotels I stayed at. I cannot say one bad thing about this hotel - the room was spotless and spacious and the complementary breakfast was a great bonus. Location for midtown/downtown is perfect. The staff were fantastic - really helpful and attentive. And it was the the little touches that made a difference, such as free internet, complementary chocolates and water, wine and cheese in the evening. The room was decorated tastefully and even had a small balcony. The noise levels weren't as problamatic as other hotels in the city.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>larryderm
<Content>Fabulous Boutique Hotel A hotel that does what it is supposed to do. We had a wonderful suite with a comfortable bed and good climate control. The staff from the doorman to the floor maid and from the front desk to the shift manager were most accommodating and professional. There is a continental buffet breakfast in the lobby daily and a wine reception in the evening, both complimentary. The internet connection is free and works perfectly.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Hatchu
<Content>Great find in NYC!!! We chose the Giraffe because of a great deal on the internet...what a surprise! This is the perfect New York hotel! The staff were very friendly and helpful, the extras such as wine and cheese and breakfast were a nice touch. The rooms are nicely furnished and spotless! Convenient to the subway so being so far downtown wasn't the problem we anticipated. This will be our new home in New York!  
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>traveler5307
<Content>The Giraffe Was a Pleasant Treat for Us We spent one night at the Hotel Giraffe on Feb. 1. It was our first overnight visit to New York in 10 years, so after hearing the heart-stopping prices at previous places where we have stayed, I found this hotel at Kayak.com. The price ($331, including all taxes, for a room with a queen bed) seemed competitive, and the reviews were encouraging. We were not disappointed. While the lobby is not especially grand and the hallways/elevator seemed a little well-worn, the room itself was quite stylish and comfortable. We had plenty of space, and the bathroom was also nice. We were on the 9th floor and heard no street noise at night except the inevitable garbage truck. I liked the electronic window shade! The staff was always pleasant, and the breakfast (included), while not extravagant, was all we needed (juice, good coffee, fruit, cereal, yogurt, rolls). Nice piano music in the lobby in the evening. A friend who lives nearby came up to see the room and said it was much nicer than others he has seen for more money. He was happy to find a place he could recommend to out-of-towners seeking a less costly alternative. We didn't try the restaurant, so can't vouch about that. But all in all, we were happy with our stay and would return--in 10 years, probably!  
<Date>Feb 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>wanderer2006
<Content>really liked the Giraffe WE stayed here over Christmas. We had a suite for our family of 4 , with 2 teenage daughters- plenty of room , nicely furnished, quiet , 2 tvs so no arguments, nice bathroom. The only difficulty was that the sofabeds are not very comfortable , so our girls felt they had to put up with this all week. We requested another matress to put on top but this did not arrive. Apart from that, we all loved this hotel - very relaxed, the buffet breakfast was just right for our needs , enough variety and very flexible, with eggs, cereals , lovely breads etc. Tea and coffee, biscuits and wine/cheese in the evening available free, made for a casual welcoming atmosphere, with no sense that 'it cost money to breathe' as you get in many large formal hotels. The computer in the lobby is very useful. This hotel was not cheap but is good value, especially considering breakfast is included. The staff were friendly and helpful. There are many good restaurants nearby and from this location it is easy to get anywhere in Manhatten. I would recommend the mexican restaurant next door - the margueritasare very good.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Juan45
<Content>A great little hotel We stayed here for a week over Christmas, and chose the Giraffe based on the Trip Advisor reviews. We were not disappointed. The staff were all friendly and helpful, the rooms clean, large enough and the bathroom well thought out. Plenty of storage space and a flat screen TV with DVD and CD. There is apparently a library of DVDs and CDs if you want them.We were on the 7th floor overlooking 26th Street and didn't hear a thing at night (maybe because we were so exhausted after such busy days).The simple complimentary breakfast (fruit, yoghurt, bagels, croissants, pastries, juice) is served in the lobby, where there is a laptop and printer - a blessing for email and internet access. A coffee machine serves excellent cappuccino.The wine (red, white, sparkling) and assorted cheeses that are freely available in the early evening are a nice touch, and there is a turn-down service with free water and chocs.It's a good location - close to a subway and within walking distance of much of what you want to see. We enjoyed the Union Square area to the south - great bars and restaurants and an interesting farmers' market there on Friday mornings. Check out the designer bargains in Filene's basement (on the third floor!) on the square.If I have to find a fault (and it's hard) the shower was struggling a bit at times in terms of temperature and pressure, but not to an unacceptable degree.In my experience (unless you have an unlimited budget) it can be hard to find a hotel in NYC that isn't well-used, and I wouldn't look beyond the Giraffe in future.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>rkouyo
<Content>Absolutely wonderful...looking forward to a return visit. My wife and I stayed one night at the Hotel Giraffe on a last minute little romantic getaway and we were very pleased and impressed.We had made reservations, but arrived 6 hours before check-in at 9AM and the staff was very accomodating in arranging a room for us right away. Upon departure, we need a couple of extra hours given our late flight and again they were very accomodating.The rooms themselves are very comfortable, beautifully decorated with a clear impression that all guest amenities and room details were throughly planned out - from the quality of hotel towels to the various lighting options with the well placed switches for total convenience to the real plant in our room giving it a nice little touch of home. Our room also had a really lovely balcony and although we did not use it, it gave the room a very delightful touch.In the mornings the hotel offers a complinentary breakfast of pastries, fruit, hard boiled eggs, coffee, tea, and juice - definetly nothing elaborated, but perfect for starting your day in New York, all enjoyed in the very comfortable hotel lobby. In the evenings there is a complimentary wine and cheese that served as the perfect break for us after a day on the town before we went up to our rooms to rest for our night on the town.As for location, it was perfect for us as we explored both uptown and downtown and being right in the middle had great access to everything - especially with a subway station right across the street (which would recommend any visitor to embrace and use - it defintely is the best and most efficient way to get around, especially with the all you can ride $7 a day 'fun pass'.Would definetly go back to the Hotel Giraffe - staff was very nice, room was very comfortable, and the location gave us access to all of Manhatten in a convenient manner. And as for New York hotels are concerned, felt the total experience we got was good value relative to what we would pay at a compriable hotel.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>BigT71
<Content>Great Stay We booked on line with the hotel, the experience was efficient, effortless and without problem. We arrived very early and they had noted our request for an early check in but could not accomodate us as the hotel was full the night before, fair enough so we went out to get some breakfast at a local diner even though they offered us the breakfast at the hotel.after a very long day shopping and with Jet Lag lingering we finally checked in and i thought the room was wonderful. We were on a high floor, the room was spacious and spotless. I also thought it was very well decorated.To be honest i could not fault our stay there, the service was superb in every regard, the breakfast was great for a quick bite before heading out and the cheese and wine a nice touch although we never were there to enjoy it.We had decided to try the Sofitel for the second part of the vacation over new years eve and i thought i was splurging out on a special treat, i wish i had saved the $$'s and stayed at the Giraffe.I would not hesitate to reccomend this hotel to anyone who doesn't feel they need to be in times square.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mam2111
<Content>Loved the Giraffe! My husband and I stayed at the Hotel Giraffe on our last 3 visits to New York and found it to be one of nicest places to stay in all ways.We've been visiting our sons who both live and work in the City for over 15 years and the Hotel Giraffe has been a terrific find.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>scootertScottsdale
<Content>Cute, simple, quiet My boyfriend and I stayed here over New Years this year and the hotel was great. It is a very new hotel, the staff was friendly, location was perfect, not too loud. Overall excellent experience.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>KimPNewJersey
<Content>Best kept secret in Manhattan The Hotel Giraffe is without a doubt one of the loveliest hotels we have had the pleasure of checking into. Upon arrival the staff was sweet, friendly and very helpful. We traveled with two 14 year old girls and they recommended a restaurant with the best hamburgers we have ever eaten.The rooms where large and the decor modern and tasteful. They where also immaculate. I'm a neat freak, so I really mean immaculate. The hotel is located in between Soho and Times Square. A lovely neighborhood with a lot of charm. I highly highly recommend the Hotel Giraffe.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>EireGirlSF
<Content>A Very Pleasant Stay at Hotel Giraffe My husband and I stayed here for three nights during a weekend trip toNew York prior to Christmas. Front desk staff were friendly and welcoming.Room was on the smaller side (not unexpected as it's New York), but well laid out, with a decent bathroom (note: to those sharing a room but seeking some privacy in the bathroom - the door has a glass windowpane that's only slightly opaque). Room was extremely clean and in good condition and felt warm and inviting at the end of the day. We booked a room with a queen bed, although to be honest the bed seemed a little small - more like a standard double than a queen.The two complimentary bottles of water when we checked into the room was a small but welcome touch. Blinds did a fairly good job of keepingthe light out of the room, so we could sleep on a little in the mornings. No problems with noise from other rooms. However, we were onthe 10th floor and there was still a fair amount of street noise (again, it's New York, so probably to be expected). Having said that Iwas glad we weren't staying on a lower floor and I had my ear plugs : )I enjoyed the breakfast that was served in the lobby area every morning. Juice, coffee, tea, cereals, yogurts, bagels, pastries, etc.I can never eat a big breakfast first thing in the morning, but I do like to eat something and this was just perfect to help get you started in the morning. They do tend to start clearing breakfast away about 15 minutes prior to the official end time, so don't wait until the last minute! However, coffee and tea are available all day, which is another nice touch.Overall a very pleasant stay. Location was good for us. We walked to some of our destinations and took the subway to others, which is just a block or two up the street - very handy.I'm giving it four instead of five stars because I'm comparing the accommodations/amenities to the price and we paid a higher than average rate due to the time of year we went.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>jas7273
<Content>Gracious hospitality in Gramercy My husband, adult daughter and I spent 3 nights at Hotel Giraffe. Arrived on a Friday and left on Christmas Eve day. We did the same thing 3 years ago and stayed at The Hilton New York, which had a great location, but we wanted a different area of Manhattan to explore. Considered The Millennium Hilton, but are so glad we settled on Hotel Giraffe. MUCH less frenzied and relaxing, with the added benefit of free continental breakfast, afternoon wine and cheese, coffee/tea/cookies 24/7, and fast/free wireless internet access. It was great to walk into the lobby and be able to get hot coffee or chocolate after walking for hours in the cold, exploring the Flatiron and Gramercy area. The lobby has comfortable chairs and couches grouped for conversation areas or playing games. With a subway stop in close proximity, we were able to access lower Manhattan, up to the Empire St Bldg and Rock Center with no problem. All the staff were responsive whenever we needed advice or help with how to... They had a laptop with printer set up and on-line in the lobby for patrons use... meaning easy printout of airline boarding passes and email checking with ease, so you don't need to lug your laptop along. The quick elevators were usually sitting with open doors waiting for us to ascend. My husband and I had a deluxe King bed room. Had a nice upholstered chair and ottoman, 2 desk areas, full closet, 6 drawers, laptop accessible in-room safe, and loved the ceramic bathroom with lighted, magnifying mirror for shaving and make-up application. Bathroom door had opaque glass in upper half of door that felt classy. Our daughter had a smaller Queen bed room. Although sq footage was smaller, it had French door access to a small balcony and full blind that had a switch by the bed for raising and lowering... very nice touch. Although we already had our restaurants picked out, the Hotel Giraffe owner also owns some restaurants and offers hotel patrons last minute reservations. We were in walking distance to Gramercy Tavern, Giorgio's, and great little Greek restaurant called Kellari's Parea Greek Bistro. But then in Manhattan it seems there's always a great little restaurant just around the corner - but being able to convene in the lobby and have a glass of wine BEFORE venturing out was a great cost benefit that made the room price in this beautiful little boutique hotel worth it. Super clean, efficiently run, secure, and relaxing.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JohnLowrey
<Content>Great Stay My wife and I stayed here during the holiday season and we were very happy with this hotel. Out of 10 visits to NYC over the years we have never had a nicer hotel. The room was clean and quiet (we were on the 10th floor and facing 26 St and not Park Ave.). Te breakfast buffet in the morning only had a limited selection of items but we still enjoyed having breakfast in the lobby with several free NYC newpapers to read. The staff was very friendly. They did us a fvor also--we arrived at 8AM in the morning from a redeye flight from San Francisco. Our reservation was for the evening of our arrival, We planned just to drop off our bags and then return at 3 or so to check-in. However, there was an empty room available and they let us check in at 8AM and gave us the room and breakfast. I was really pleased with that. This will be my hotel of choice in NYC in the future.  
<Date>Dec 26, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>DaisyM03
<Content>Wonderful Hotel! This is a terrific hotel. We arrived in the am and checked our bags. When it was check in time...our bags were waiting in our room. It is a small hotel and the staff is very, very friendly and helpful. So nice to have a glass of wine and cheese in the lobby before we went out for the night (complimentary). And in the am a lovely continental buffet. The room was clean and modern and had a little balcony. Just before we checked out we called to ask that our car be brought to the front of the hotel. 5 minutes later it was waiting for us at the front door with our trunk open. At other hotels it has sometimes taken almost an hour to get our car from valet parking. I think this is one of the many advantages of staying at a small hotel. Oh, and the price for the week before Christmas ~ $300. I felt like we found a little jewel in NY. If you don't need a huge hotel and want a place that is centrally located. This is it. BTW, we went to Grammercy Tavern for dessert. It is just a few blocks from the hotel. Highly reccommend. Next time we'll have dinner there!  
<Date>Dec 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>travelrangerSC
<Content>Great small hotel, a bit too much out of the center of things The hotel is very nice. The desk personnel were all friendly and helpful. The lobby is large and not too crowded and the perfect place to hang out for a long continental breakfast (I especially appreciated the ability to add a shot of espresso to my morning coffee, which was excellent) or the wine/cheese afternoon reception (wines and good, cheese plate average). The rooms are reasonable sized, attractive, with all expected amenities, large closet, bathrobes, etc.The only negatives were a bullhorn echoing most of the day in 26th street from some strikers at the New York Life building (New York: please develop livability laws like in my city) and the relative distance from theaters and shopping. I'd stay there again, but would probably stay in a sister hotel closer to the center of things.  
<Date>Dec 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>chaplo
<Content>Friday night and a low floor = no sleep Just got home from a one night stay. Had a good experience over the summer without the kids, so decided to come back to take the kids to see the holiday sights.Some time in the middle of the night, we were awoken by the thump of dance music. This continued until 3:30 AM. And unfortunately the kids were up at 6:30 AM so it was a really awful night. We were on the second floor, which probably was closest to the dance club. I recall others mentioning this on tripadvisor - so be warned. Front desk clerks were completely unapologetic - both about the room not being ready when we got there, and the late night noise. An apology might have caused us to return in the future (not on a Friday), but the poor attitude means we will not.  
<Date>Dec 22, 2007
<Rating>1	4	4	3	4	2	3	3	

<Author>calvinbear
<Content>Friendly and wonderful Hotel was superb - staff so helpful and accomodating. We have a 6 month old baby, and they couldn't do enough for us. Room was comfortable and large, and location great.Thoroughly recommended!  
<Date>Dec 20, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>HasseE
<Content>Great place great location This a fantastic place unless you look for an over crowded luxury place with no personality. Booked a suite and it was great with a tv-room and a rather large bed room. Opening the balcony door we had a great view of Park Avenue.The lobby is just cool and never crowded, great staff and don't forget the complimentary wine  cheese in the evening - a nice way to start your evening. The location is great both going uptown and downtown. Times Square only 15 blocks away is a nice walk, a short cab ride or just use the subway, it's only two blocks away.Next time in NY it's no doubt i'll be staying here again!  
<Date>Dec 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>calvins
<Content>great stay,very hospitable Stayed the first week in november and found our visit to be superb. Average size room but clean and comfortable. The staff was quite hospitable, especially Jose and Melvin. We would return just because of them. The location is quite good for Manhattan with the subway just a few blocks away.  
<Date>Dec 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	3	5	3	

<Author>DPBird
<Content>Modern and New but Noise from Street In 2006, paid ~$400/night. Very nice bathroom and nice bed. Smallish room but comfortable: not yet worn out.Located adjacent to busy street - try for upper floor facing side street.Free computer in lobby, though it was oddly just a laptop set on a bar table.Great location near shopping.  
<Date>Dec 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Phil028
<Content>Great Hotel What a fantastic Hotel !The rooms were superb, the staff were friendly and the location of this wonderful hotel is excellent!I would recommend this hotel to anyone staying in New York.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>fi_loUk
<Content>Brilliant Time! I really enjoyed my stay here. After reading some other reviews prior to staying l was a little worried about the noise and the hotel staff. I have to say that l worried needlessly as the hotel staff were perfect. Friendly and very helpful. We were on the 5th floor and the room was very quiet - even though it was opposite the lifts. We had a fantastic time and if you stay in room 503, step onto the balcony as this is where my boyfriend proposed to me!  
<Date>Dec 12, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jonathan19280
<Content>a bit of a stretch I have just returned from a business trip to NY and stayed at the hotel Giraffe. Staff were very polite and accomodating for my entire weeks stay. Value for money? Well i'm not too sure, the travel company we use secured a rate of over $400 a night, which apparently was a special for our company for a standard room. If it was me booking this, i'd certainly shop around as it was not worth over $400 a night!The room I had was a decent size, had a small balcony, as do most of the other rooms (I think). If you're looking for a hotel where you can open the windows, this one should suit you down to the ground.If you're a light sleeper, beware, it can get quite noisy. Again the staff were very accomodating and relocated me to a higher floor. so to summarise - not good value for money, service excellent, friendly staff. As long as you can cope with the noise, and have deep pockets you'll enjoy!  
<Date>Dec 11, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LondonPhotoman
<Content>Perfect retreat. We have just returned from a week stay.We read the reviewsbefore going,but they can be very hit and miss,but we really did make the right choice.There is nothing negative to say about the Giraffe.From the moment we walked into the lobby the feel was more like a private club,calm and relaxing.The staff were the best ,friendly,helpful and nothing was to much trouble.The room was far better than expected,large and clean with a balcony onto Park Ave and the king size bed was the best we have ever slept in,wanted to take it home.The buffet breakfast was just right to start the day with and you could pop back anytime during the day for coffee and cookies and unwind for a while.It was my birthday while there and they must have seen my cards laid out in our room,because when we got back late that afternoon there was a bottle of sparkling wine in ice bucket along with birthday wishes from the management,what a nice touch.Wine and cheese in the evenings was just perfect before setting out,and made even more enjoyable by the piano player and Jessica the friendliest host you could have wished for. All in all we will be going back.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>holidaymakerhels
<Content>Great service, lovely rooms Having stayed in New York on several occasions, I'm pleased to say that this hotel is one I would definately revisit. The staff were so friendly and helpful, the rooms and their facilities were excellent, nothing was too much trouble for any of the team. Although not a cheap tourist class hotel, cost us $559 dollars a night for the room, with the great exchange rate it made for a real value for money stay, particularly because that included breakfast, as much tea and coffee etc as you could drink available all day, and the excellent free wine and cheese each evening! The location was great, only a couple of blocks from the Empire State, Macy's and in the other direction the Greenmarket in Union Square, and a subway right opposite taking you easily up and downtown. The only downside was the noise from the traffic outside, maybe because we were only on the 3rd floor, so ask for a room a little higher up and that may help!  
<Date>Dec 3, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mi_foodie
<Content>pricey, but a class act Booked a suite - beautiful rooms, good sized, no amenities lacking. I found housekeeping and door staff eager to help, front desk pleasant and professional. Lobby/common areas very nice, with free wine/cheese in the afternoon, and a.m. pastries were, well, free - a nicety, but in NYC would walk to a real cafe. Park Ave S location is great.I would gladly stay here again.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>safarijones
<Content>Stay here - it's a great hotel! We stayed in a double double room (two double beds) and it was big by New York standards and huge by European standards. Room was clean and tidy and decore modern and on trend. If I had to find something negative to say it would be that the paint work on the celing was peeling away in some parts - but I wasn't there to look at the paintwork. Beds were extremely comfortable with lovely linens. We were in room 705 on the 7th floor and like all hotels I have stayed in in New York you can hear the garbage men collecting the bins at 5am so bring your earplugs. Note that the private balcony advertised is little more than a few inches of concrete so don't expect to be lounging in deck chairs. However, the roof terrace looked great (too cold for us) and would be fabulous in summer.It's rare to find a hotel in New York that includes breakfast in the price. I really enjoyed the breakfast at Giraffe. Fresh mini-muffins  pastries, full size bagels, cereals and fresh fruit salad, juices, teas and coffees. If you are looking for a fry up then head to a diner down the road. The complimentary wine, champagne (prosecco) and cookies were not quite what I was expecting from a quality point of view given the other high standards of the hotel. Giraffe would do well to upgrade these to be in line with the rest of their services; better quality wine and home made (rather than out of a tin) cookies or scrap them all together.The staff were efficient and courteous. We only had to wait for a lift once. Note that there is a bar/restuarant (Barna) next door that seems to be popular with the late teens/early twenties crowd well into the early hours so I would make sure to request a room as far away from this as possible (705 was fine).Overall a great stay and worth the money.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	4	

<Author>twoplusonetravel
<Content>Baby friendly We stayed at the Giraffe this spring, with our six month old baby, for four nights. We had a suite which was more expensive (around $500) but we wanted two rooms for baby-free evenings and this seemed to be the best option for this in the city. We were so glad to have booked here - there was the potential for it to be a stressful trip, but being at the Giraffe made hotel life with a baby smoother than it has been in other hotels, however lovely they may be in other ways. The suite was small and a little dark, but very comfortable, great bed, and best of all with a CD player as well as the cable TV, so we could enjoy our evenings (liked the room service with prices the same as the restaurant below, and a very reasonable one-off service charge rather than a percentage). The atmosphere in the bar downstairs was intimate, warm and calm - lovely barmen in the evening, and a pianist every night - it offered the home away from home that you really need in New York, and that I had not found in any other hotel. The area is great, nothing special just outside the door, but an easy walk to Union Square and surrounding shops. The staff were great, just normal and friendly, not the supercool doormen you can find elsewhere.I'd stayed at the Paramount, Royalton, W's Lexington and Times Square, and Gershwin, pre-baby, overall this was the most satisfying experience of all.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>beezneez123
<Content>Good, but not great Just returned from 2 nights at the Hotel Giraffe. Beautiful hotel, nice location. Very nice room, average-to-small size. Pleasant but inpersonal staff. Minuses: 1. Water pressure: every time either of us took a shower, the water completely cut off for about a minute during the middle of the shower. Not fun. 2. Gourmet European Breakfast very poor quality. Really bad, old fruit salad. Not nice pastries. Disappointing.3. Housekeeping: came back to the room at 4:30 after being out since 9 am and room hadn't been cleaned. Overall, very pretty hotel, but for the very expensive price (over $800 for two nights) I expected a little better.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>theoldershaw
<Content>ronseal does exactly what it says on the tin! The staff were freindly and helpful, hotel was immaculate, room to die for! Complimentary wine, champagne and breakfast and also in a fairly good location!You will be hard pushed to beat this hotel!  
<Date>Nov 19, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CoronadoGaggle
<Content>An incredible experience...You'll love it!! My husband and I just returned from a wonderful get away to NYC. We traveled from San Diego and needed to arange care for our gaggle of six children we had left home. There was much planning but many things, including this hotel, made it worth the effort.The common areas and rooms were simple and classy, yet warm and inviting. Beautiful bathroom, cozy robes, comfortable beds, and great linens were an excellent start. There were many extras that added much....turn down service with more fresh towels, an expesso/ coffee machine all day and night, always with a little something there to go with it (Nice continental breakfast, cookies, crackers and cheese.... depending on the time of day.) Neat to have a complimentary glass of good wine in the evening too.What really made this place special however was the service and the people who work there. The staff were a very international group, which we loved. There were incredibly attentive, but not overbearing. Always there with a quiet charm. We often asked for help getting a cab ( it is an art!) and they were always accommodating and didn't seem the least bit put out. We felt like royalty! A young gentleman recommended Celani's....a great recommendation. He was so fond of it, we thought about asking him along! We were also graciously accommodated with early check in as our room was ready, and a little later checkout as well. I must admit that before we arrived I was a bit worried about the possible attitude of the staff, as a rare previous review had suggested that they could be cold and inattentive (and I read ALL the reviews!). During our four day stay, this never happened. We think of ourselves as friendly and down to earth and did not want to feel snubbed...but we also did not want to be overwhelmed. The staff was perfect.Bottom line: An incredibly special place that is elegant, warm, and not a bit pretentious. HIGHLY recommended. (We are already working on figuring out a way to return!)  
<Date>Nov 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Holidayer58
<Content>Elegant little hotel in good location We stayed at Hotel Giraffe for 5 nights at the beginning of November. Our 8th floor room was roomy, elegantly decorated and quiet considering it is in the centre of a city that really is 24/7! It was a good place to escape back to after days packed with sightseeing, eating and shopping. We found the staff polite and the bottle of wine they left in our room for my birthday was a nice touch. We liked the laid back approach to breakfast in the reception area. Others must share the view that the building looks quite 'New York' as Sex and the City was being filmed right outside when we were there! Good value for money and probably more laid back and 'NY' than the big name hotels, which could be in any city anywhere in the world. (Ref comment below re lifts, yes we did have to wait a while for the lifts but we were on holiday so sometimes it is good to be forced to slow down!! Didn't change the fact this is a great hotel in it's price bracket)  
<Date>Nov 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>crippen
<Content>Great hotel! Just returned from first visit to America - New York is a fantastic city to visit and our stay was made even better by this great hotel. Accommodation is as featured on the website and the staff were efficient and friendly. The breakfast is great to set you up before a day of sightseeing and the complementary glass of wine rounds the day off nicely. Would have no hesitation in recommending this hotel  
<Date>Nov 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>chidak
<Content>Elegant accommodations for a little price! This was a delightful oasis in the middle of Manhattan. I used to live in NY and love coming back to the old neighborhood to visit. Staying at this hotel made me feel like I was part of NY again. The rooms are clean, the staff is gracious, and little niceties like flowers on the table at breakfast in a well lite lobby made it a haven of civility.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Hibit
<Content>Just the job We stayed here for a long weekend recently. What this hotel does, it does well. The basics are all there and in working order - free WiFi, breakfast included, friendly staff, well appointed rooms etc. The location is right too, within walking distance of most things. Only reasons it didn't get five stars from us were the occasional long wait for a lift and the not so helpful concierge on restaurant recommendations (though we found later there are some in the room). We would certainly stay here again.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	3	4	

<Author>Where2this_weekend?
<Content>Chill Bachelorette- totally worth it! Seven girls traveled from all parts of the country to NYC for a bachelorette. We had a double room and a suite next to each other. We had a terrible time getting the keys synched, but otherwise, this hotel was fabulous! The staff: I arrived at 10am and they held my bags graciously until check-in. I walked down to the farmer's market at Union Square and found some beautiful flowers for the bride-to-be... asked for a vase to put the flowers in and the Giraffe staff was right on it. The doorman had the best smile ever! I agree, there is a cool aloofnessof the staff in the lobby, but it is New York. The maid was as sweet as could be, as was the bellhop. I called for extra towels and ice, they arrived within minutes. Very professional and respectful indeed. The room: Clean, spacious, ample outlets for several hairdryers to operate simultaneously. Didn't find any dustbunnies or otherwise neglected spots when I was looking for outlets. :) Good iron that had strong steam. Slippers came in handy. Beds were super comfy and spacious. Didn't hear anything on the 5th floor- perhaps we were the loud ones. The unbeatable perks: The breakfast was great- definitely allowed us to save some money on food. There's always a bowl of granny smith apples- you can grab one and a glass of ice water anytime. The complimentary wine, cheese  crackers in the afternoon was a huge bonus too- pepperjack, smoked gouda, red or white, champagne, no tipsexpected either!The roof top deck- great, Low key. They serve tapas and drinks up there too, but we chose to take our wine and cheese from the lobby on up, and no one hassled us for not purchasing anything.Parking- I parked in a parking lot two blocks east for pretty cheap.I made a reservation at a garage on a pretty good website (found the closest garages to your location and compared prices for the times you needed to park there, printable reservation receipt was recognized at the lot). I didn't find the walk bad at all, even with an overpacked suitcase, and had two cabs ask if I wanted a ride on the way. There's no reason to wait a long time for someone to fetch your car, when you can pay less and leave when you like. I spied one hour street parking right out front too, so if you're lucky... I highly recommend this and am trying to talk my boyfriend into taking me at Christmastime. Book it!  
<Date>Nov 4, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>MadCatter
<Content>Worth the money The Hotel Giraffe was perfect for a special NYC weekend. Check-in was quick and easy. We requested a suite, which was only slightly more expensive than a regular room. It was definitely worth the money; we had an adequate sized bedroom, a great bathroom, and a larger than expected living room. We also requested a room that was high in the hotel to avoid the noise from the disco downstairs. We were on the 11th floor and didn't hear anything at all; the hotel was pleasantly quiet, although I overheard a woman at checkout who was apparently on a lower floor complaining that the noise bothered her. The hotel has a lot of unexpected extras, such as complimentary bottled water in the room, a complimentary wine and cheese time each evening and a complimentary breakfast each morning, with coffee, cappuccino, cereal, yogurt, danish, bagels, and fruit. You can get a pass to a local fitness center, but we didn't have time to take advantage of that. The hotel is located in a great area -- a short walk from Grammercy Park and many great restaurants. We would definitely recommend the Hotel Giraffe for a romantic weekend or business travel.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>PatchIrl
<Content>Great position, otherwise average and expensive Arrived into Newark late at night and straight to the Giraffe to recover from the jet lag. First impressions were good, desk staff were efficient, decor was modern and very clean. Didn't get any help with bags, which I didn't mind but an offer of help would have been appreciated. Sheets etc on bed were high quality and the beds were very comfortable. Room was, I thought, rather small but I have been told by friends that it was large for a hotel in New York. Room Service was quick, although the meal wasn't exceptional.The hotel is ideally positioned to get anywhere, right in the middle of everywhere whilst at the same time offering a little bit of sanity from the crowds.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2007
<Rating>3	2	5	4	5	3	3	5	

<Author>newbies_7
<Content>fantastic We booked Hotel Giraffe on the back of the positive reviews we read on this website and we were not disappointed. The hotel is really well situated and the decor is classy. We had a family room (2 double beds) for us and our 2 kids and it was spotless. It was cleaned and tidied each day (also, the beds were turned down each night and chocolates put on the pillows) The staff were absolutely, without fail, fantastic; so helpful and friendly. A special mention must go to Jose, who helped us enormously. The breakfast was ample and the complementary wine, cheese and piano each evening was most welcome. All in all we thoroughly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mhaskello
<Content>poor service and dirty carpets stayed at Giraffe a few years ago. we loved it. great service and lovely hotel. this time staff was indifferent. we ended up with a third floor room. very noisy. we were moved with an attitude. carpet in both rooms was worn and dirty. when i booked room i stressed it was my anniversary. unimportant to staff. we moved out and went to w after one day. will not return.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kw_or_bust
<Content>How much do you like TECHNO?!?!?!? I have to say that it pains me to write this review as a mixed review. My sister and I booked this hotel based on all of the rave reviews that we saw and we're very excited for a little pampering in NYC. (Maybe I should mention it was my first weekend away without kids or hub in 4 years!! So I was a bit over excited.) This hotel is amazing. The room was huge and so well equipped with every detail addressed. The bathroom was gorgeous. The room was perfect for relaxing, which is just what we wanted. In addition, the hotel had a great lobby and offered breakfast and snacks. I was very impressed. With all of these positive things to say, I hate to break the news, but this hotel has a little secret. The first night (Fri) we arrived home from dinner to watch a movie and crash. As soon as we walked in our room, there it was...The ever pulsing beat of TECHNO!!! It was so loud an quite unbearable. We tried to get over it and enjoy, but neither of us could get comfortable. At this point we called down stairs (@ 1:30 am) to complain. The front desk clerk came to our room and listened...in fact... it was some sort of techno, but he couldn't figure out where it was coming from????...a well rehearsed act. We bit the bullet and laid there. No sleep until 4 am...The next day we went to check out the restaurant/bar to see if it was the source of our problem. A young lady gave us the scoop on the food, etc and in a very excited voice told us that from 10 pm to 4 am in became a high energy lounge...BINGO! We smiled and headed right to the front desk. We asked the front desk clerk if most people who stay in our room complain about the noise and he smiled and said some. Well, then we asked to be moved to another room, where perhaps we could sleep. We were told we complained to late in the day and they only had suites available, but to move us we would have to be charged for the upgrade. Great customer service especially when the hotel obviously has had issues with this complaint before.Well, we made the mistake of not throwing a fit in the lobby and were stuck in our room above the high energy lounge up until 4 am for another night. Upon check out, we asked to speak with the manager and gave him the whole run down, but apparently managers can no longer make decisions at hotels and we would need to speak to the general manager, but he's only in on weekdays. So, we got his number.I am appalled that a hotel of this caliber would have such poor customer service, especially with an issue that has obviously arisen many times before. It's disappointing and for those of us who don't get out that often a real bummer!I haven't checked with my sister to see if this issue was resolved and we were in some way reimbursed for our lack of sleep, but regardless, at a $400.00 a night establishment, the whole thing is ridiculous!  
<Date>Oct 2, 2007
<Rating>3	2	5	5	5	2	1	5	

<Author>twoluvnsuccess
<Content>charming hotel This was my first stay at the hotel and I iwill definitely return. I travel to New York for a week every September and have to say that this experience was one of the best. The staff was very friendly and by the third day acknowledged me by name. My boyfriend and I had a room with an adorable petite balcony overlooking Park Avenue. The room was well appointed and very clean. The rooftop area was by far my favorite aspect of the hotel I hope to return next year during my yealry visit to NYC.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>flop
<Content>Great concierge This is a great little hotel with a good location. We had a smallish room but it was very well equipped with a nice balcony!! The breakfast was very nice. We were there during new york fashion week, and one of the main fashion shows was held in an old hall opposite the hotel and from our room we could watch all the action and the celebs! The concierge is brilliant, we wanted to go to the gramercy tavern which we were unable to book ourselves, with one email to the concierge it was all booked and made the last night of our honeymoon fantastic!!! We will definitely visit again!  
<Date>Sep 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>ChicagoILGal
<Content>nice boutique hotel My husband and I stayed at the Hotel Giraffe in the days just before and over Labor Day. We requested an early check in which was accomodated after a short wait. The amenities were lovely; the room was clean and of average size (for NYC) with high thread count linens, blackout drapery and upscale bath products. We faced 26th street which was quiet. Breakfast each day was included and consisted of fruits, juices,hard boiled egg, muffins/bagels, yogurts, cereals, and coffee: an espresso/latte machine (which is available all day as well as fruit, cookies and water). Only a few NYC hotels offer breakfast included in the basic room price. This hotel is centrally located, but just a bit off the beaten path in Murray Hill, though a few nice resturants and a subway station are within 2 blocks. It has a nice roof top lounge.Going to and from JFK is a breeze using the subway, and is inexpensive.My only criticism is that the 20-something staff was a bit indifferent. They were polite, but cool. I questioned concierge about a local cinema and was sent 10 blocks away to a dodgy square, when a multiplex was located within five. Best to know your way around and read the guide books prior to leaving home. All in all, I would stay at the Hotel Giraffe again for what it offers and for its location.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	3	3	3	

<Author>SPMF
<Content>Lovely Hotel~ Great Location We thoroughly enjoyed our stay. Our room was spacious and very clean with a lovely view out over the street. We loved the IHome bedside clock! We enjoyed the complimentary wine and cheese in the Grande Lobby before walking to a wonderful restaurant nearby (Eleven Madison) for dinner and then took a short cab ride to Village Vanguard for some live jazz. The continental breakfast the next morning was good too. The cappuccino machine was not working initially however that was quickly rectified. We would definitely stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Mumma
<Content>Lovely Hotel but Staff could do better!       Statue Of Liberty  
<Date>Sep 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>lebanon2007
<Content>nice boutique hotel My daughter and I stayed at the Giraffe for 4 nights. The room was very nice, and lareg enough. The bathroom was also nice, and clean. Each night there was a turndown service, which was nice. We stayed on the 9th floor facing Park, and it was quiet. the only complaint qas that the 2 elevators were a bit slow, but overall a very nice, well located hotel. Around the corner on Park is an excellent Mexican restaurant wiht the best guacamole I have ever had!!  
<Date>Aug 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	3	3	

<Author>SOram
<Content>Lovely hotel in a huge city We have just returned from staying at the hotel and it was a very enjoyable stay. The roof top terrace is beautiful and it was so lovely having a drink in the evening. The room was excellent, very comfortable and lots of space. The staff were extremely helpful. Ideal location in New York City. Would stay here again next time we visit.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>ohiokukla
<Content>loved the hotel giraffe My husband just returned from a 5 night stay at Hotel Giraffe. What a great find ! The breakfast in the morning was more than we expected...bagels,muffins,danish,yogurt,cereal,frest fruit , boiled eggs, juices,and of course coffee. Our room was good size and very clean. Doormen very helpful and accomodating. Location close to subways and also within walking distance to many places of interest. Complinentary proseco, wines and cheeses in the early evening were a nice touch also. Our only complaint was a fight around 4am outside the hotel on Saturday night that was very noisy and irritating...but, this was no fault of the hotel. We would definately stay at Hotel Giraffe again .  
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>Stokie_1668
<Content>Third time at the Giraffe Stayed here during early August for 4 nights. this was our third time at the Giraffe. We still love this hotel but we did find this time that the level of service was slightly down on previous times. Seemed to us that some cost cutting was taking place. The concerns were the lower standards in the lobby area for complimentary drinks /breakfast etc .......I could never seem to get a really hot cup of coffee! plus room was not cleaned one day and not until 4pm next day so we ran out of clean towels. Also one of the lifts was out of action for our entire stay which was a bit surprising.So maybe next time not our first choice and we would probably look at other hotels as well as the Giraffe and compare prices more. I do love this Hotels location though.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	3	5	

<Author>anon111
<Content>Chic, Relaxing NYC Hotel!       View from balcony.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	3	5	5	

<Author>rca215
<Content>You've got to be kidding me... This is my second stay at the Giraffe via a corporate account. The hotel is generally fine. Only negative is that it's a bit noisy.However, I'm writing this review from the hotel lobby while waiting for my car to be brought from the garage. I've been instructed by the staff that the wait will be upwards of 1.5 hours!!!!Yes, the time to wait for my car is measured in hours.The compensation for this absurd delay (which will translate into 2-3 since I'll now be departing in rush hour), was an offer for an on the house espresso.Now that's service! I and the rest of my company will now stay elsewhere.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2007
<Rating>2	3	4	4	4	3	3	2	

<Author>eslteach
<Content>Great Botique hotel We just returned from a two week trip from NYC to Boston to DC and stayed at the Hotel Giraffe 2 nights at the beginning of the trip (standard Queen w/balcony) and 3 nights at the end of the trip (jr. suite no balcony). The location is very convenient. The service is excellent, wonderful buffet breakfast, afternoon wine  cheese. Everybody is attentive and extremely helpful. The rooms are spacious for NYC and the rates for the standard room are reasonable. At the last minute, we did have to add one night , a Thurs., to our stay. The only thing available was a jr. suite for $450 (their weekday rate). Since we didn't want to have to move after one night, and the rate went down to $379 on wkends, we took it for all 3 nights. We did have a separate room w/couch, tv, table  chairs. However, the jr. suite was rather dark because the front room faced a brick wall with offices (so we had to keep the shades down during the day on Thurs  Fri.) and the bedroom faced offices above Staples (so we had to keep shades closed there also). I would stay there again but would ask which direction the rooms faced.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	3	5	3	

<Author>morn_dew
<Content>Great location The Giraffe is in a great neighborhood. Young folks seem to flock to Barna and Dos Caminos next door. The staff is slightly aloof, but in a relatively pleasant Manhattan way. Short walk to a 24 hour deli, decent Pax breakfast place  Chelsea/Union Square happenings. Definitely worth a repeat stay!  
<Date>Aug 5, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	3	4	5	

<Author>lovenyc901
<Content>best hotel in this neighborhood! Absolutely the best hotel in this area of NYC. I think I've stayed in every other hotel from Soho to 34th st. and the Hotel Giraffe was by far the best. The staff is so friendly and helpful, the rooms well appointed and clean, a very, VERY good deal for NYC.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sobel5
<Content>Beauty and Class at the Hotel Giraffe For our future trips into NYC, we will always stay at this stylish, beautiful and classy hotel. Compared to other Manhatatn hotels, with their cramped, tired rooms, ridiculous prices and stuffy staff, the Hotel Giraffe soars above the mundane to offer a very special experience. The rooms are decorated with soothing and sophisticated colors and every conveniece was at our fingertips -- from an umbrella for a rainy day to a sound and light-blocking window shade that was controlled by a switch next to the bed. This is a most beautifully designed hotel with impeccable interiors, spacious rooms, lovely bathrooms and a professional and courteous staff. Well done!!  
<Date>Jul 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Janiekins53
<Content>Another wonderful stay at the Giraffe Stayed 3 nights in a suite at the Giraffe last week. The room was absolutely wonderful. So clean and beautifully furnished. It was so quiet and peaceful. This was our 3rd stay at this hotel. As usual we enjoyed the breakfasts and afternoon wine and cheese. We cannot wait to go back to this hotel. We always say that we should try another hotel but why mess with a great thing!  
<Date>Jul 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ReetBoston
<Content>Comfortable, pleasurable stay We stayed only one night but very much enjoyed our comfortable, pleasurable, tastefully appointed room. Regretted not having the time to fully take advantage of the wine and cheese hour--but did grab a cracker and cheese in passing. The breakfast buffet was also quite nice. Would definitely come again and highly recommend it.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>petsybar
<Content>like Home away from home!!! My daughter attends NYU so we decided it would be nice to take in a play last weekend and stay in a Boutique Hotel and treat ourselves. We wanted to escape the crowds and craziness of NYC and could not have found a better choice than the Hotel Giraffe! The room was spacious and even had a nice balcony to sit and enjoy the outdoors. Great closet space and the hotel even GIFTED my daughter with as free pair of slippers which was a nice touch. We loved watching the flat screen TV til late hours with so may stations and choices. The Bed was like being at home. This is the first time I can remember sleeping in an Hotel bed that did not cause me aches and pains the following morning! Great Bathroom too! Lots of places to eat nearby although I would NOT recommend HALLES French restaurant down the street. POOR service !!! The Hotel Giraffe is a GEM and I will be sure to return! I am in NYC often and look forward to more stays there!  
<Date>Jul 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mile high traveler
<Content>Charming place and great location! We spent 2 nights at the Hotel Giraffe before a cruise in June and loved the hotel. The room was a decent size by NYC standards and the bathroom and amenities were first rate. The continental breakfast buffet was very good, too. The staff was very accommodating. Though our room was not ready when we arrived, the bell man stored our luggage and delivered it as soon as we got our keys. We took a short walk to Madison Square Park and had lunch. It's a great neighborhood.My only criticism of the hotel is there was a considerable amount of street noise when the garbage trucks came through around 11pm - midnight. We were on the 4th floor and it's possible that the noise might be less intrusive on a higher floor. I mentioned it to the front desk after the first night and they were sympathetic and offered to re-locate us to a higher floor. We declined because we only had one more night. The noise was still present on the second night but not as bad. I would definitely stay at this hotel again. I loved the location and loved the room/bathroom. It's an easy walk to Chelsea, Union Square, Soho, Grand Central Station. It's a great alternative to hotels in Midtown/Times Square.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>mission27
<Content>Very nice hotel. We stayed in a 1 bedroom suite Saturday night 7/7/7. The hotel staff called in advance to find out our arrival time (late morning), and had a room ready when we arrived. Everyone was very nice, the room was clean  functional, well appointed.The stay was excellent  I would return again.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>choogirl
<Content>great stay at the giraffe My boyfriend and I stayed here for three nights at the beginning of our NY stay. I had previously emailed the hotel to advise them that we were celebrating our anniversary and if possible could we have a room on a high floor. On our arrival, even though we arrived three hours before the check in time, we were able to go to our room which was on the 11th floor. The bay windows in the room are fantastic and the room itself was very large with nice big closets and a big bathroom. The dvd and cd player in the room was great to have. When we arrived back to our room on the first night, we were pleasantly suprised to find a bottle of champagne in our room and a note saying congrats on our special occasion. It was a great touch. The champagne and wine with cheese in the evening was great and there was tea and coffee, fruit and pastries available during the day. The pianist that was there on the friday night was fantastic and it created a great atmosphere. There was a subway stop right opposite the hotel but the entrance closes at 7 in the evening so you have to walk two blocks down to the other entrance after that time, but it only takes a minute or two so it was very handy. Union square was about 5 minutes walk away and it was great to have the restaurants and the bars nearby. Breakfast was great with bagels, cream cheese, fruit, youghurts, pastries and cereals. There was also a computer in the lobby which was connected to a printer if you needed to print anything. Staff were helpful without being too smothering. Check out was quick and they had a cab straight away for us to go onto our next hotel. I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>letsmojo
<Content>very relaxing, great location-nice hotel I really like this hotel. I have been traveling to NY for the past nine years for work and have stayed in sevral parts of the city in different hotels. I have been staying at this hotel for the past year on four separate trips. This trip lasted 7 days and I had a king room with a balcony overlooking park avenue.- heres the stuff I liked--I really like the location, the staff and the small but thoughtful perks. I liked the mebership to real fitness club it was close and well equipped. I liked the black out shades for the floor to celing windows. I liked the balcony. I liked the espresso,breakfast and wine and cheese hours. I liked the overall feel of the hotel.Heres the stuff I felt could use improvement- The soaps in the room I didnt care for the brand or the quality. the rooms felt a little tired for the price. they originally put me in a room on the 10th floor with regular windows overlooking 26th basically i was staring into another building and the thought of being in this room for seven nights didnt excite me-so I asked tobe moved and was accomodated----whew!! anyway the rating would have rbaly been a little different.Overall I like this hotel and will stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>HampshireSuperbean
<Content>Great base Stayed here for 4 nights mainly because of the location. Some nice personal touches gave it a boutiquey feel although as the lobby is the only real central area it did feel like a business hotel. Staff were helpful. Room was stylishly furnished and immaculately clean. Only caveat is that if you stay in the suites on the top floor you are next to the roof bar, which I found really noisy. Good if you want to join in though!  
<Date>Jul 12, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>C0urty
<Content>Quiet oasis in the middle of New York My husband and I stayed here for 7 nights at the end of June 07 and had a great trip. It was our second visit to New York so having visited a lot of the tourist sights previously we were looking for a relaxing stay in a relaxing hotel. The Hotel Giraffe didn't disappoint.Our room was clean and nicely decorated. The ipod docking station was a nice touch, as was the turn down service which you would expect from a hotel of this class.Breakfast in the mornings was sufficient for what we wanted with cereal, bagels, fruit and yoghurts. Don't get there too late if you want the pick of the pastries though! We enjoyed the tea and coffee that was always available throughout the day, and of course the cheese and wine. It was just a shame that during the evenings there wasn't much of an atmosphere in the lobby. Although the pianist did try.The rooftop bar was a nice way to start an evening. The bar downstairs was a nice way to end it as well!The staff were very pleasant and very discreet. Available if you needed their assistance but not over-friendly which suited us Brits!The only reason that I haven't given 5 stars was down to the fact that our room wasn't ready when we arrived. Ok, it was an hour earlier than the normal check-in but when we reported back to the desk at the correct time we were asked to wait another hour. I just wanted a shower and to change my clothes after travelling so this wasn't great. Also, the walls of our room were rather thin. Although this may be more to do with the noisy neighbours we had on our first night than the hotel's fault!All in all, I would recommend The Giraffe. Great subway connections, nice staff and in a central but not too touristy location.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>rom613
<Content>loved the giraffe we stayed for our 27th anniversary for one night and it was definitely too short - very charming and cozy lobby with beautiful exotic fresh flowers - wine and cheese with the piano bar adds a warm touch to the evenings - we will be back for some more - very interested in the july 4th yacht cruise for '08.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>honey89
<Content>Great boutique hotel We stayed at Hotel Giraffe during May for 5 nights. It was the first time in New York for our 14 year old daughter and myself but my husband has been there on business before. The bedroom was spacious and stylish. Large taupe coloured headboards, white bedding and pink blinds.  We asked one of the staff at the front desk if they could recommend a restaurant that was nearby on our first night and within walking distance of the hotel. They suggested Y Trulli, which was a delightful Italian restaurant that had a courtyard with a fountain...great food and atmosphere. It was very warm whilst in New York, so it was lovely to eat outside in the evening. We would stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Krimoe
<Content>Perfect accomodation for proposal in NYC I booked a corner suite at the Giraffe as a surprise for my girlfriend when we were visiting NYC over Easter. She was completely exhilarated when we walked into our 6th floor room(s). It's spacious, beautifully furnished and very comfortable. The pre-ordered sparkling wine only made our arrival more memorable.Due to a number of different reasons (including nerves) I didn't propose then and there, but it made for a perfect backdrop to a vacation I'll remember for the rest of my life.I can only concur with what everybody else has said about location, service, breakfast and the cocktail hour. Next time I'm in NYC, either for business or for pleasure, I will stay no other place.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>pointhunter
<Content>Very pleased with the Giraffe We just came home from 4 nights at the Giraffe. The rooms were much larger than the chain hotels we have stayed in before and like the rest of the hotel, spotless. We found the breakfast an enjoyable experiance. It is simple but frankly we eat too much in New York and so fruit salad and a bagle was fine. We also enjoyed the free (and pretty good) wine every evening, except Sunday!! The Giraffe is in a good area though a little far from some points. We could always get a taxi easily. We would definately stay again.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Crumble
<Content>Wonderful boutique hotel Just returned from a four night stay with my 16 year old daughter. Booked after reading previous write-ups and was not disappointed. Lovely hotel with absolutely wonderful staff from which nothing is too much trouble from the front desk staff to the lady that cleaned our room everyone was polite and made us feel welcome. The rooms are lovely, we shared a deluxe twin with balcony. Large room with loads of mirrors (just what a sixteen year old needs). Bathroom was well stocked with plenty of excellent products. Complimentary breakfast is good but would say that it would be great if they could provide a cooked breakfast or buffet, but this will in now way stop us from staying there again and I will definitely recommend it to all my friends.Hotel is in a good area within walking distance of shops and a metro on the doorstep. Definitely a good place to stay and would be more than a 3.5* if they provided a buffet breakfast.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>giraffelover
<Content>Perfect Hotel!! Perfect Location and Perfect Everything! Awesome time!! Me and my sisters met for the weekend and we loved the location perfect to travel uptown or downtown--walking!! The staff was helpful and friendly. The rooms were great, the rooftop was perfect to chill with friends and Barna was a great place to end the night at, dancing or just people watching!! We loved the cleanliness and simpleness of the lobby and how our stay included breakfast daily and nightly wine and cheese, we also loved having coffee and tea and fruits during the day. This Hotel I would highly recommend. We were so glad we didnt stay in the tourist trap of times square yet it was in walking distance as well as union square and tribeca, soho etc. we were able to relax and unwind in our room or the rooftop or lobby when we were not busy cruising the streets of NYC!! Thanks Giraffe, we will be back!!  
<Date>Jun 25, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LBDKSK
<Content>Stayed 4 nights at the Giraffe We stayed in a suite at the Giraffe for 4 nights. The suite was nicely furnished and the bed was extremely comfortable. There was a tremendous amount of closet space - unusual for NYC hotels, but very litte drawer space. A sofa bed (not the best for either sitting or sleeping) in the livingroom, which had a flat screen TV (seemed small for the space, and didn't seem calibrated correctly). We had a balcony (french doors that openned onto Park Ave, but you could not step out). The only odd thing about the room was that the bathroom door is mostly glass - not obscured glass, but ribbed glass. Basically, you can see exactly what is going on in the bathroom from outside the bathroom. It can make things a little embarassing if you plan to use the suite for entertaining others, or people are bashful. Given the placement of the fixtures, not much is left to the imagination. There is a night club in the hotel which was very noisy on Thursday and Friday nights. Ask for a high floor if your room overlooks Park Ave. Breakfast is adequate but very uninspired, and they are not able to accommodate any requests - we asked for a banana to have with cereal, none available. Seems like something that could and should be available. Breakfast was on par with a moderate price chain hotel. Evening wine and cheese as well as coffee/tea are a nice convenience. There was nothing wrong with our stay, but the staff somehow seem unattached and make no efforts to communicate with guests. We make a habit of staying at smaller hotels and are used to staff who seem more engaged than this crew did. It is a nice hotel, but it would not take much to up it's ranking by more personal service and some creativity with the breakfast bar. This is not an inexepensive place, and once you get into the $500 per night range, I think most travelers expect a little more. Still overall, a positive experience, it just missed the mark.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	5	4	4	3	4	

<Author>bbkblonde
<Content>Hotel Giraffe! Everything I Expected and So Much More! Our first trip to NYC ! Stayed 4 nights beginning on Sunday of Memorial Day weekend. Traveled with my 14yr old daughter and her best friend and Mother. We stayed 4 nights at the charming Hotel Giraffe and shared a double room. All the wonderful amenities were just as you see on the hotel website. Very clean and roomy ! We loved the fact that the hotel was not a large chain hotel in the middle of other busier areas of NYC. Location was a cab ride away ( $6 - $ 12) per trip to locations in NYC, which is a bargin for 4 people ! Bank of America, Starbucks, Walgreens all nearby within a block. Hotel Giraffe breakfast was superb each morning ! (boiled eggs, mixed fruit, cereal, bagels, muffins, yogart, juices, coffee, tea, milk...etc ) We loved the fact we didn't have to run and waste valuable time each morning to find a place to eat. Also, we enjoyed the cocktail time in the early evening, with wine/cheeses...didn't get to enjoy each day due to our busy site-seeing, but definitely worth time to enjoy this hotel offering ! Hotel also offers laptop downstairs for checking your business email, or any other need. Hotel staff was friendly and always very professional on any our our requests ( example extra towels, pillows, etc.) I would book our next stay at Hotel Giraffe again if we get back to NYC !  
<Date>Jun 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>katebScottsdale
<Content>we will return If the large convention type stay is not what you are looking for, Hotel Giraffe is the place for that escape. Rooms are not large but they are impeccable and quiet. The lobby is delightful with a small bar and' your wish is my command' style service. HG is a terrific location within walking distance to great restaurants and a lovely park. We have a lot of NY City experience, and this was one of the best.  
<Date>May 24, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>GlindaW
<Content>Good but do not stay on lower floor!!! We stayed here at the end of April and the hotel is indeed very nice but definitely lacked atmosphere. I would agree with another reviewerwho said that the lobby area was rather lonely during the cheese and wine reception. I felt that this because the majority of guests were there on business. Rooms are very nice BUT despiet requesting a higher floor room we were given a room on either the 1st of 2nd floor and the noise from the bar below is TERRIBLE.. y'know when you can feel the vibrations from noise? Well that's how it is. We were exhausted after a transatlantic flight and really didn't need this. We were moved to the 6th fllor next day after complaining and we didn't have any subsequent problems. Location is good enough.. the area surrounding the hotel is a bit soul-less but union square is about a 7 minute walk away. It would probably take you 12 minutes to walk to the empire state. Do not under any circumstances make international calls from this hotel .. it was daylight robberry!! Would I stay here again? Probably not.. I would think that there is better value to be had and a better atmosphere in other hotels.. planto stay nearer to Soho the next time.  
<Date>May 23, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	3	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>BNATraveller
<Content>Nice, but not without problems..... Just stayed two nights at the Giraffe and its a nice boutique hotel in NYC. The rooms are sharply decorated and comfortable. We had to move rooms the second night because of an availability issue and they moved us from the 5th floor to the 2nd which turned out to be really noisy. That room was $130 more than the first and not half as comfortable as the first one.. The fact that we were not there when they moved us meant we could not complain when we were moved to the most least desirable room in the hotel....front corner over Park Avenue. By the time we returned to the hotel, we were short on time to get to dinner and didn't say a word. The upsides of the visit was nice complimentary breakfast they offer and the fact that you can have it sent to your room for $5. Also, the rooms are lovely and the bell staff was very attentive. The downsides: one of the reasons we chose the hotel was because of its wireless internet service in the rooms. Unfortunately, their service provider had problems and there was no internet service during our visit. This was irritating beyond words and the front desk staff was very nonchalant about it. Needless to say, trying to stay connected to my real estate business by email late at night and early in the morning was difficult and stressful. The other issue I had with the hotel was the fact that you cannot even write a personal check for $50 a day. Most upscale hotels will let you do this and I never thought to ask in advance about this. In NYC, you run through cash like crazy with taxis and its nice to know you can write a check if you need it. This hotel has the makings of a top tier boutique hotel, but they need to make a few adjustments to be better. I probably would not stay there again. The only reason to stay there if its near perfect experience with regard to creature comforts. Otherwise, you have to walk 10-15 blocks in either direction to get anywhere near Union Square or shopping on the Upper East Side.  
<Date>May 21, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	3	5	2	3	1	

<Author>awdub
<Content>really as good as its rating here suggests I booked my mother and grandmother here for six nights when they came out to NY for a visit, and it was a perfect choice. The lobby is not huge or lavish by most standards, but it is very comfortable and welcoming, with lots of fresh flowers. The room was a very good size by NY standards, and was very well laid out to maximize space, with a flat panel TV, french doors (there was a lot of natural light in the room by NY standards), and large bathroom. The furniture was quite nice, very clean and modern lines, and the beds were very comfortable. There were also plants in the room, which was a very nice touch.The location was one of the reasons I picked this hotel, as there are very few hotels close to our neighborhood (the village). Because the hotel is on park avenue, it is very simple and easy to catch a cab down to the village or up to midtown. It is away from the more hectic tourist areas like times square/rock center, but still easily accessible to these areas via subway or cab. There are not only very good restaurants directly downstairs, but many other excellent restaurants within a few-block radius (e.g., Novita, 11 Madison Park, Tabla, Country)Where this hotel really excelled was in its service and its amenities. I dealt with the desk staff on reservations, check-in and payment, and the service was friendly and efficient. My mother and grandmother really enjoyed the breakfast and cocktail hour that were included with the room rate. They also ate at the restaurant affiliated with the hotel, and were impressed with the food and the service. They had wonderful experiences with every staff member they spoke with, and really raved about this place as a perfect home away from home. The next time I have out of town guests to put up, I will absolutely put them here.One minor thing that I haven't seen in other reviews. The restaurant downstairs turns into a very popular bar on Thurs.-Sat. - you can certainly hear the music and the crowds in the lobby, and could hear them a bit from a 3rd floor room. It wasn't too bad, but is something to be aware of.  
<Date>May 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>fieldmom
<Content>Quiet hotel I agree with the previous reviewer. I had a two bedroom suite. The bedrooms were small, although I really liked the balconies that had with French doors that opened. Definitely ask for a high floor, because you will have less noise and a better view. The breakfast was adequate--pastries and juice and coffee--but nothing exceptional. The staff were not overly attentive at breakfast. Wine in the afternoon was complimentary, but a coke for my daughter was charged to our room both nights. This is a very quiet hotel, and I would stay there again, but I also will try other hotels to compare them before returning.  
<Date>May 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	4	3	4	

<Author>hedonisticepicure
<Content>Nice but very silent We stayed at this hotel 5 nights for a touristy visit to NY. Having stayed in other 4*/5* hotels for business purposes we specially selected this hotel on the basis of the tripadvisor reviews.Our room was very clean and nicely decorated and reasonable in size, but there was nothing what would differentiate the room or make it extra special.The so often mentioned wine and snacks are very nice but most of the days we were the only ones enjoying them so it was a lonely experience. This bar, lobby and reception are all in the same 100 square meter open space and it lacks a cozy atmosphere, especially if there is only a few people thereBreakfast is ok but do not expect a full continental breakfast.The staff is very helpful and made restaurant bookings prior to our arrival at Nobu and Blue Water Grill.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>lizzieX
<Content>LOVED IT! My mother and I stayed at the GIraffe hotel for 3 nights and thoroughly enjoyed it. The room was large by New York standards with a very comfortable bed. The bathroom was big with a very useful marble top, great for storage. The breakfast and drinks throughout the day were very good and the ambiance during the complimentary drinks in the evening was very pleasant. The location was good, being near madison and union square both good for restaurants and shops. I would definately recommend it to anyone thinking of staying at this hotel. Tips: If you are visiting New York as a tourist make sure to make an early visit to the statue of liberty and the empire state building as queues become horrendous later in the day. Also as a teenager I was thrilled to hear there was a topshop on Howard Street, so dragged my mum there grabbing the chance to get some topshop clothes at cheaper prices. There is NOT one there it is a rather shabby area and not really near anything so do not make the same mistake we did. Also Alice Underground has closed down to my disappointment (another treck was taken to find that out). If you like vintage and individual clothing I would definately make a visit to Orchard Street GREAT SHOPPING. And if you are going to Orchard street i would advise brunch/lunch at a little cafe that looks like a bakery( I am unable to remember the name). It is on the corner of a block of shops and opposite a juice bar called something like 'oeuffs, frommage....'. The french toast was amazing and also the smoked salmon, poached egg salad!!!!!THE GIRAFFE HOTEL WAS BRILLIANT :)  
<Date>Apr 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>stonefire
<Content>Great European Style Boutique Hotel Date: Apr 15, 2007Just returned from a 4 night stay at the Giraffe. Wonderful small hotel. Rooms are small but very well appointed. We stayed in a deluxedouble with a balcony on the 9th floor. There is some nearby construction but it was not troubling to us. Everyone at the hotel was very welcoming and helpful. We would stay here again and recommend it to all.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Scottish_Jo
<Content>Giraffe exceeded our expectations We stayed in hotel Giraffe over Easter 2007 and thought it was a brilliant hotel. The room was really nice - luxurious but tasteful - and the location was great too. The best bit was that they had free wine and cheese in the foyer every evening - fantastic! We paid approximately 拢150 for our room per night and based on what friends have told me about the 拢100 a night hotels thay have stayed in in NYC, it was well worth paying the extra money for a hotel that was so pleasant. We'd definitely reccommend the Giraffe.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	4	5	3	4	4	

<Author>KayCastleDonington
<Content>Great Hotel Just returned from a 4 night stay at the Hotel Giraffe to celebrate my daughter's 21st birthday. We had a Deluxe Double room on the 9th floor with a balcony and would recommend the hotel to anyone wanting a small friendly hotel with helpful staff. We took advantage of the complimentary breakfast and wine/cheese in the early evening and it was lovely to be greeted by the staff who seemed genuinley interested in how we were enjoying our stay.The hotel is in a good position, only a very short walk from the 28th St subway station and the bus stops right outside. We bought a 7 day Metro card for $24 each which was good value and travelled all over Manhattan.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>homebodyNYC
<Content>A wonderful little hotel One warning: there is construction going on across the street and so make sure they give you a room as high up as possible. Otherwise, a really lovely little hotel. The rooms are beautiful, there's a terrific continental breakfast in the morning, and the service is very good--when I complained about the noise they moved me to another room (although they did keep telling me this is New York, which kind of irritated me since I was aware of what city I was in, thank you very much). I had a very comfortable two night stay and would definitely recommend it.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>davet23
<Content>Great hotel I had a very nice experience at Hotel Giraffe. It's a boutique hotel, but without the pretentiousness of many such hotels in NYC. The staff was friendly and accomodating. The rooms are clean and decently sized (and have nice high ceilings). Even the continental breakfast is better than most.Recommended.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>AmbyB:)
<Content>A Happy Mom It was my third or fourth time staying in this charming yet elegant hotel. You can not beat great and consistent service. I do not know how they do it, staff is always pleasant, friendly and ready to help. My room was spotless, and I just love the chocolate they give you at night on your bedside. Breakfast is always a plus, and the wine hours during the afternoon is just such a plus. My son is attending to NYU. Four the next four years I will sure to continue staying at the Giraffe.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lchollingsworth
<Content>Wonderful Stay Hotel Giraffe is an amazing find in a city full of hotel options. This trip included my husband, who had meetings in the city, and myself. I did quite a bit of online research before I booked with Hotel Giraffe, and was not disappointed. The location is perfect. The rooms are very nice - great bathrobes and slippers, flat-screen television and high speed/wireless internet connectivity. We had a king size deluxe room, which was really roomy and comfortable. The decor is tasteful, relaxing, and not overly stuffy. I loved the big dark wood doors.The absolute best perks are the included continental breakfast, evening wine  cheese receptions, and coffee bar. Not only does it add tremendously to the value of your stay, but the food and drinks are of superior quality and the lobby is decorated beautifully. The staff was great - accommodating, approachable and professional. Overall, Hotel Giraffe is an amazing value for NY city. It is certainly not inexpensive, but when you take into account the included ammenities, lovely accomodations and personal service, I don't think there is a better hotel. We will definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LuvMyLife
<Content>Superb Hotel We stayed at the Hotel Giraffe for the St. Patrick's day weekend. The staff was very friendly, and the ammenities great. They offer a free continental breakfast each morning, wine and cheese in the afternoon. It happened to be not so nice weather that weekend and the doorman passed out umbrellas at the front entrance to anyone who requested one.I am quite picky when it comes to cleanliness and this hotel is spotless. We truely enjoyed our stay here and will recommend this hotel to others.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>hendej04
<Content>Very comfortable enjoyable experience! My friend and I have just returned for a week long stay in the Hotel Giraffe and it was a thoroughly enjoyable experience. The staff were friendly and helpful. The complimentary breakfast was a definite bonus, each morning they offered a tastey selection of pastries, various types of bagels as well as fresh fruit and coffee - although you had be to be early to benefit from the full selection. Our room twin room was very comfortable and had two dressing tables, which suits two women sharing. We didn't feel cramped, as the room was large and the closet size was adequate for our many purchases. We both loved the turndown service and the dark chocolate provided each night. The hotel is conveniently located close to the subway, and I would advise anyone staying for a week to purchase a 7 day unlimited travel card for $24 it works out the most cost effective way of travelling as this can be used on buses too.Will most definitely be visiting again in the not too distant future.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>HamptonsTraveler
<Content>Warning They Overbook! After travelling 8 hours to arrive in NYC. I brought in my Orbitz confirmation for a reservation. The cold response at the front desk was sorry we just booked our last room. They told me I could pay for a cab togo to their sister hotel and that hotel would would be happy to offer me a room for $60.00 more.The manager was so indifferent that I thought I was on Candid Camera.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2007
<Rating>1	1	3	3	-1	1	1	-1	

<Author>cpdh
<Content>Great find! I can't recall how we stumbled upon the Hotel Giraffe (and at a good price!), but I'm glad we did. It's on our list for places to consider next time we're in NYC.The hotel looks so slight and discreet from the outside, but there's plenty of seating in the lobby and breakfast, beverages, and snacks for all to enjoy. We took advantage of it a few times, and we weren't the only ones. It certainly adds to the comfort of the hotel when there's an energy from people using the common areas.The room was not large, but it was attractive. We slept well (and late) both mornings. An Internet connection was free in the room - something we greatly appreciate.It's probably the little touches, then, that had us most happy. A doorman greeting us, opening the door. A complimentary glass of wine or two before we headed out to dinner. Availability of breakfast until 11 in the morning - ideal for a sleep in.We've stayed in more luxurious places and bigger rooms, but that's the only reason for me not giving the Hotel Giraffe a 5 rating. All in all, a very nice stay in the city.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>roaddog1974
<Content>Highly Recommended After years of staying in New York's business hotels, I've started trying the smaller places and the Hotel Giraffe was perfect! I got a great rate on a suite over a Saturday night. The staff was extremely friendly and helpful. The rooms were large, comfortable, and spotlessly clean. Most importantly, the place had some character. Conveniently located to both Midtown and Downtown (not to mention Soho and the Village), this hotel is good for business travel as well as personal. Try it!  
<Date>Mar 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>darleyjuran
<Content>Great Hotel I love this hotel. Free breakfast, free happy hour, and a small balcony. It doesn't get any better than that in New York. A welcome respite from charmless business hotels.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Travelfind
<Content>3 days in heaven Like most other people who stay here, I booked this hotel due to the fantastic reviews from other Trip Advisor members. The Hotel is a lovely find. awesome,great staff, excellent service..3 days in heaven !best part: fee unforgettable prosecco wine  
<Date>Mar 7, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DWGLondon
<Content>A breath of fresh air Good big rooms, great service, good location. Everything in this hotels works well for the business traveller  
<Date>Mar 5, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pete-from-oz
<Content>Enjoyed (most of) The Giraffe. We just got back from a 9-night stay in a 1-bedroom suite at the Hotel Giraffe. All-up, it was a pleasant experience. As noted by many other reviewers, the staff are (mostly) very helpful, and keen to be of assistance. A special thanks goes to the front-desk staff who, in the absence of a dedicated concierge, did a great job phoning around, organising things for us.The suite itself was spacious and comfortable. The bed was fantastic,although the sofa-bed in the living room, which our travelling companion slept on, was somewhat less supportive. The sofa-beds need replacing with models that don't feature metal bars that can be felt through the mattress.The perks are good - the wine and cheese in the evenings is nice, and the continental breakfast is adequate. There is also an automatic espresso machine to save non-Americans from the horrors of drip-filter coffee.There was only one sour-note during our stay. Late one evening the toilet blocked, and spilt (clean) water all over the bathroom floor. A call to the front desk produced a young man with a plunger, who fixed the blockage, and brought lots of dry towels, but then left the wet ones we used to mop up the spill. Another call to the front desk got us a large plastic bag and instructions to leave the bag full of wet towels in the hall once we had finished picking them up!That incident certainly reinforced that the Giraffe is a comfortable,3.5 star hotel, and not in the league of the 5-star giants further up-town.But for the room-rate, it's very good, and it's likely that you'll have a great stay. Just don't expect it to be the Four Seasons or the Carlyle.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2007
<Rating>4	2	4	5	5	3	4	3	

<Author>dallaschicago
<Content>Lots of nice perks Enjoyed a 7 night stay here and was very impressed. I would definitely say the highlights were the breakfast, the staff and the cocktail hours. Everyone that works for the hotel truly help make the stay wonderful.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>quimbydog
<Content>A Small Gem in the Big City We really enjoyed our stay at the Hotel Giraffe. The small boutique hotel in the Flatiron neighborhood is a great central location whether you want to go to Chelsea, Soho or Midtown. Close to two of the best restaurants in NYC: Union Square Grill and Gramercy Tavern. The hotel is chic, modern, clean and comfortable. They have free continental breakfasts in the morning, tea and coffee in the afternoon and a cheese and wine hour in the evening. Really comfy bed with tons of pillows and big duvet. Well appointed and designed rooms make the most of small spaces that are the norm in NY. Had some odd shower problems (it went off completely for about 30 seconds while showering twice, but then not again after that ) but overall the experience was a real pleasure. I will definitely be back!  
<Date>Feb 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	3	4	

<Author>rbwjdw
<Content>It was a fabulous experience! We enjoyed everything about the Hotel Giraffe! The staff, the room, the wine and cheese, and the breakfast ... excellent. We hope to visit New York again soon and we will choose this hotel.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>luxmentis
<Content>An absolute pleasure... I am a rare book dealer who travels to NY for shows and business. The Giraffe is my oassis in a city that otherwise leaves me on edge. The rooms are lovely, the amenities are perfect. Tea (or wine) in the afternoon is a real treat. There is something so pleasing about returning to one's room from dinner to find the bed turned down and a nice chocolate waiting. It is the benchmark against which I measure other hotels. Highly recommended.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>capejulia
<Content>a new york staple hotel giraffe was recommended to me by a friend who lives in manhattan. i was looking for a central location without being near the nightmare that is times square. the rooms were spacious, clean, and modern with a touch of old fashioned fancy. the service was impeccable. they serve complimentary wine and cheese each afternoon in the lobby. i will stay there again and again -  
<Date>Jan 22, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SCaron42
<Content>BEST bargain in New York City This is by far, the best bargain in the city. We frequently stay in Manhattan for long weekends, and this is by far the nicest hotel for the money. It is not a luxury hotel, no spa, no pool, no restaurant, no concierge, but it is a beautiful, NEW, very CLEAN, stylish boutique 12 story hotel. We had a suite, with a balcony that looked out on very noisy Park Ave. South. Great location, close to Chelsea, Union Square, the Flatiron District, the Meat Packing District and a nice walk down or uptown. 2 subway stops within one block and great restaurants surrounding. Our rate of $379. per night beats any other hotel in Manhattan for what the hotel includes. We had a 2 room suite, 2 televisions, one flat screen, complimentary bottles of water, umbrella, iron, safe, plush robes and slippers, complimentary wine and cheese in the early evening served in the lovely lobby w/ beautiful floral arrangements, and a free Continental breakfast, bagels, croissants, cereal, fruit, coffee, etc. Most hotels in the city are double that price. The service was young and efficient. We will stay at the Hotel Giraffe when we come into Manhattan for a weekend or extended stay! HIGHLY RECOMMEND!  
<Date>Jan 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MajorCityTraveller
<Content>Great place to stay Stayed at the Giraffe over New Year and loved it. The room could have been a little bigger, but the position and staff were excellent. By being in mid-town and opposite the subway we could get up and down town quickly, easily ( cheaply!).The staff were always helpful and the room cleaned immaculately (although we did have to ask them to stop spraying the room with disgusting smelling room freshener). Breakfast was good , but uninspired and unvarying - although plenty of it, and the evening drinks in the reception were a particulalry pleasant way to start the evening.Would definitely return.  
<Date>Jan 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>AlisonMcG
<Content>New Years Eve Trip We have just returned from a New Years Eve trip to Manhattan and had a great experience at the Hotel Giraffe. We had a warm welcome and the room was finished to a high standard. The location was ideal for sight seeing, shopping and visiting the usual tourist attractions. Breakfast was good and the cheese and wine a bonus. Staff were helpful but not intrusive and we would definitely recommend the hotel to anyone visiting this fascinating City.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>TheFifer
<Content>Giraffe - Top Hotel! This hotel is absolutely fabulous! We stayed here for 3 nights in December, and because we booked early got a great deal with the 3rd night free! I contacted the hotel by email and explained that I was getting married in NY and was looking for a good room. On arrival in NY we visited the hotel and they could not have been more helpful. We were given a King room with balcony on the top (12th) floor. There were only 3 rooms on this floor and we were the only occupants. There is a gorgeous roof terrace here and no doubt in the summer this is quite busy but in December it was deserted so we had sole use of it! The weather was fab too, warm for us Scots! There is complementary hot drinks available all day in the lounge and breakfast is included in the price. We were late down for breakfast and there was still plenty food available. Breakfast consists of mini cerial packs, bread rolls, jam, muffins.The room was modern and comfortable, the bathroom was gorgeous. Robes and slippers and complementary bottled water provided. A maid turned down the bed every evening and left the radio on. We will definately be going back to this hotel and have been recommending it to everyone!  
<Date>Jan 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Sid1449
<Content>Pleasant Stay I just returned home from our stay at the hotel, and it was wonderful. The holiday season is the best time to visit NYC and the place to stay his Hotel Giraffe. My girlfriends and I enjoyed the trendy setting of the hotel and its youthful location. Service was great, friendly staff and a pleasant ambiance. I will be sure to visit again. Thank you for all your hospitality!  
<Date>Dec 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>adatrip
<Content>What a swell stay I really liked our stay here. We were given a stay here as an engagement gift. The room was small but the decor was very modern and tasteful. Really nice flat screen TV (the front desk has a large selection on DVDs) and a very comfy bed. Bathroom was decent sized, had good water pressure and was very clean. Cool decor, granite countertops (I think). Small balcony but the view wasn't much. I would stay here again.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>redhouse01
<Content>wonderful weekend My name is John. I just returned to Camarillo, CA last week from a wonderful vacation in NYC. I have family on Long Island but I wanted to stay in Manhattan to get the full city experience. I would just like to say your staff was fantastic, and your rooms were quite comfortable. Rest assured, when I return next year to visit NY, I know where I will be making my reservations..thanks again!  
<Date>Oct 30, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Ivan_Drago
<Content>Good Boutique Hotel               
<Date>Oct 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	2	4	4	

<Author>Dimplehp
<Content>Loved hotel giraffe Best hotel in the city... beautiful ambience, great service and location is central easy to get around.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bizandlestravel
<Content>Fabulous!!! My husband and I enjoyed an amazing weekend at the Hotel Giraffe in September. The staff was so friendly and accomodating - they even gave great nightclub suggestions.This hotel is first class without the first class attitude! We will always stay here while visiting NYC!!!!  
<Date>Oct 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TASantaCruz
<Content>Giraffe A Great Find! I stayed at the Hotel Giraffe for two nights (Thurs. and Fri.) on a work and pleasure trip. It was a nice hotel, great rooms and a professional and accomodating staff.I booked the room on the hotel's website a couple months beforehand. It wasn't unsual that one of the nights had a higher weekend or weekday rate. However, within a week of my departure the higher rated night came down on the website. I called the hotel and they quickly gave me the lower rate for both nights. Also, when I checked in at 8:30 a.m. after a red-eye from the West Coast (I had asked for early check-in) the room wasn't ready, but they did everything they could to speed it up, offered me breakfast and called me on my cell a couple hours later when it was ready.The room was great and as pictured. Few rooms on the hall and outside noise at minimum.A great find close to Madison Park and Union Square Park.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>roycityboy
<Content>Loved the place After staying 2 weeks ago at the Tribeca Grand, which was very ordinary, the Giraffe was a pleasant surprise. The staff was excellent, the room more than I expected.......free wireless internet that works......The area was pleasant and filled with great restaurants.I would highly recommend the Giraffe, and ask for a room with a balcony. By the way, it was a great nights rest as well even though my room faced Park Ave.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>stella7
<Content>enjoyed the giraffe Overall a great, very comfortable, relatively quiet boutique hotel. Not a scene place, not uber modern, not super chic, or extremely formal. Not right in the heart of any particular tourist area (as far as I can tell) but fairly convenient to just about everything if you don't mind walking 2 blocks and jumping on the subway.I stayed two nights at Hotel Giraffe and found it very pleasant. The lobby is light, comfortable and welcoming, with a small bar, various seating areas, tables and chairs, fresh flowers, live piano in the evening. A complimentary continental breakfast is served there until 10 am (croissants, muffins, bagels, cream cheese, fruit, yogurt, hard boiled eggs, coffee, espresso etc. It's fine, nothing amazing). From 5 to 8 pm there are complimentary wine/cheese/crackers served there as well. It is a nice place to have coffee, read the paper, get online, take a break from the New York hubbub, enjoy a free glass of wine, wait for a friend etc. There is also a nice rooftop bar that is more lively - it was full, but not packed, 8:00 Friday evening. There is a club of some kind below the hotel that I did not see, although I noticed a line to get in late one night.I made reservations directly with the hotel at the last minute and got a suite for $369 for Thursday and $349 for Friday with a late checkout at 3:00pm on Saturday. I haven't stayed in many Manhattan hotels but I felt it was a good value considering typical prices. I didn't need a suite (but it was the last available room), so I didn't really use, or pay much attention to the ensuite room, although it seemed dark. Big window in bedroom with good natural light, good bed, nice linens/pillows, desk and chair. Good closet/drawer space, high ceilings. Not a huge room but not the smallest I've seen either. Nice size bathroom, one sink basin, lots of counter space. Very comfortable. Very quiet except for a little a.m. traffic noise. Shower water pressure was somewhat inconsistent. I liked it much better than the more expensive and smaller standard room I had at the Soho Grand last year. The location was a minor drawback for me (I wanted to stay in the Meatpacking district/Greenwich Village area, but no availability at the last minute). However two different subway lines 2 and 3 blocks away from Hotel Giraffe make it easy to get both uptown and downtown, without dealing with taxis. Staff was friendly and professional. After checkout they held my bags for me until I picked them up around midnight.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mjwnyc
<Content>Excellent Customer Service I had a wonderful experience at Hotel Giraffe. The staff were friendly and professional and accomodated all my requests no problem. I booked a room for a girls weekend with my sister. Upon arrival we were shown a dark, back room facing street construction. I asked to be moved and we were immediately switched to a room with a better view. The breakfast was a continental breakfast +. It's served in the lobby - it's a charming space to relax.The movie selection is pretty bad. Don't depend on their movie libarary. Bring your own.The hotel is expensive. But it's New York. At least the service lives up to the price. The location is great. Not as touristy as times square or midtown, but clean, safe and interesting.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Melto
<Content>Don't squeeze the Charmin - or maybe they should! Just got back from a great 4 day trip with my husband and a wonderful stay at this hotel.As stated in other reviews, the location is great - perfect for walking to Soho, Greenwich, Union Square and Uptown.Staff were friendly and courteous and extremmely obliging, not like other boutique hotels that I have stayed in. No attitute here, they are here to make your stay enjoyable, like staff should do. Our flight got in early, so we arrived at 11am and they had a room ready for us which was great.The rooms are beautiful, good size for New York, and well appointed. I loved the french doors and balcony. My one and only complaint - the toilet paper!!! It was pretty much the cheapest grade of toilet paper I've ever experienced. For a hotel of this calibre and standard, I was a little surprised. However, if that's the worst thing I have to say, then I suppose that's not too bad.Good breakfast, great wine reception - we loved coming back from a busy day and just unwinding in the lobby with a glass of wine, before heading up to our room. I will definitely be back and would highly recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Glassgal
<Content>I love the Hotel Giraffe My second stay at the Hotel Giraffe occurred 7/1 through 7/6. It was a business trip so I needed to concentrate on work as well as trying to play tourist in between meetings and calls. Although I arrived extremely early on Saturday and was willing to store my bags until check-in, the front desk staff was able to have a room cleaned so I could take a conference call in my own room. Use your cellphone as there is a $1.00 surcharge for all calls (even 1.800) but that is more than offset by the complimentary wireless access throughout the hotel (extremely rare these days). They even have a laptop in the lobby connected to a printer so you can print your boarding pass prior to leaving for the airport.The front desk was also able to supply me with maps and point me in the direction of where I wanted to go. They also have a huge notebook filled with menus that you can peruse if you want delivery or just to review a menu prior to trying out a restaurant. Room service was prompt and a step up from the average room service fare. However, they did make a mistep by placing a new room service menu in the room several days before it was actually available. I loved having the little balcony and the ability to open the doors, pull up a chair and watch the people on Park Avenue South. Then you close the doors and shut the room darkening blinds to close out the sounds of the city... Turndown service complete with chocolates at my bedside; A little 'Welcome back' treat and note from the hotel manager even though my last visit was over a year ago; Two complimentary bottles of water in my room at check-in... all combine to make Hotel Giraffe my oasis in such a large, loud city.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jaycee
<Content>We will return! I visited New York mid June with my husband for 5 days and we stayed at the Giraffe Hotel near Madison Square. It is in a good location with easy access to subway to get Uptown. Excellent modern deco - room a good size with a very comfortable bed. We had a Superior King with french windows and a mini balcony. Some traffic noise but it didn't prevent us sleeping - probably we because we were tired out after sightseeing marathons each day - so much to see!Complimentary breakfast was mostly good throughout the 5 days but it did depend which member of staff was looking after the buffet how often the selections got filled up. However, the selections were generally fresh and plentiful - fresh fruit salad, boiled eggs, different breads, danish pastries  muffins. I know that lots of people go out for breakfast in New York but breakfasting in the hotel was a nice start to what was normally a busy sightseeing day! Complimentary wine  cheese in the evenings was a nice touch. Piano player was talented but played rather heavy slow jazz tunes - not to my taste. Staff were generally very helpful, particularly reception and portering staff. Two restaurants in the area that I would recommend are Dos Caminos (Mexican) next door and Tabla (Fusion/Asian) on Madison Square one block away. Tabla was so good we went there twice. This was our first visit to New York and we both loved it and want to return. When we do will definitely book into the Giraffe again.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>CynWhite
<Content>New Favorite Place My husband and I recently had a very pleasant stay at the Hotel Giraffe. We arrived around 11 a.m. They suggested that they hold our bags and deliver them to the room while we were out. Check-in is a very reasonable 3 p.m. When we returned around 4:30 our bags were in our room. Much to our surprise we had been upgraded to a suite.A very nice wine, fruit and cheese display was offered around 5 p.m. In addition, breakfast was offered in the morning in the lobby. For five dollars, they will bring it to your room at your requested time. There is a lovely rooftop bar too. All and all I can't think of a single want that was neglected. The staff was very helpful and courteous.Our prior favorite hotel in the city had been the SoHo Grand but we will return here next time.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>NativeNewEnglander
<Content>NYC Here We Come! We stayed at the Hotel Giraffe for a 32 year(:) reunion getaway weekend on June 24. Our party of 7 women stayed in a suite, and an adjoining room that was joined by keeping both doors opened with door stoppers and closing a door to the hallway. Upon entering the suite, we were met with an odor of stale smoke and asked for a room change, but were not accomodated. They did say they'd freshen the room and that all the rooms are non-smoking. The virtual online tour is exact in its room depiction. The bedroom suite offers the best lighting as there are more windows offering natural light. The room with 2 double beds was dimly lit. The dark shades help keep the light out. The noise is another story. Staff at the front desk are helpful; doormen are quick, precise and very efficient in getting your stored luggage, or a taxi.The complimentary breakfast was okay--foods were not replenished once emptied; the wine and cheese offered between 5-8 was a nice touch, and the comfortably furnished lobby offered our group a chance to connect once more.  Even though it was a rain-soaked weekend, and a camera was lost in a taxi, our group spirit couldn't be dampened. I recommend the comfort of this hotel for a similar occasion.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>travelbang
<Content>Great location, hotel My wife and I used the Hotel Giraffe as our base camp for our trip to NYC to see the U.S. Open and do some shopping. The room was decent sized for New York, with a balcony that we just loved. The room was stylish and the bathroom a good size for two adults. We liked the continental breakfasts and the happy hours with cheese and crackers and wine and champagne. The location was very convenient, just sixteen blocks south of Grand Central, and a seven dollar cab ride to Soho and the Village. With rooms going for the upper twos and mid threes, we could have found a cheaper place to stay, but we loved the balcony and the decor and the location, so we were happy to pay the price.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>viajo
<Content>Nice place to stay Great service. Clean rooms, nice plush beds with high quality sheets.Great roof garden. Great location. It's EXPENSIVE, but I guess you get what you pay for...  
<Date>Jun 22, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Flanagans
<Content>Elegant, Charming and Quiet We stayed in a one bedroom suite at the Hotel Giraffe in June. The hotel was lovely and quiet, one of the nicest we have been in. Our rooms were lovely and the view was great. The bed was comfortable, the bathroom was terrific, the living room furniture was stylish but uncomfortable. Breakfast was nice on our first day, but on the second day the fruit was still frozen and looked like left overs. It's a great location, quiet with easy subway access a block away. The bar was nice. Unfortunately we were far too busy enjoying New York to make it to the evening piano in the lobby, which I understand is wonderful. All in all a terrific place to stay. I would give it 4 stars and stay again.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Anabasis
<Content>The Giraffe has animal magnetism. The Hotel Giraffe is a well-groomed boutique hotel in the less touristy, more real New York, Park Avenue South neighborhood. The lobby comprises the entire ground floor and is one of those 鈥渁ctive鈥?lobbies where people come to meet each other and enjoy the hotel鈥檚 fairly liberal guest policy for their free continental breakfast and wine and cheese hour. The rooms are reasonable in size, though not recommended for those who require spaciousness. They are well appointed, as is the bath. Each room has a floor to ceiling set of French doors that opens on to a tiny balcony. The views from most rooms are typical NY views of adjacent buildings. There are lots of nice touches throughout the hotel, ranging from your choice of free wired or wireless high speed Internet access, free bottled water in the room, and large flat screen TVs. There are also lots of electrical outlets in convenient places for those of us who travel with lots of electronic gear. The halls are very dark, intentionally so I suspect, as this seems to be something that 鈥渃ool鈥?hotels must do these days. I would urge management to turn up the lumens in the halls.I stayed there one night on a business trip and everything went perfectly. This is a great hotel when being a bit off the beaten path of midtown is acceptable.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>SukhumvitRoad
<Content>A really stupid name, but a really terrific hotel I have been staying at Morgan's for years, but I was reading TripAdvisor recently and saw some nice comments about this hotel so I thought I would give it a try. For a week in May, I stayed in a room with a balcony and was absolutely delighted with the place. The staff was young, friendly, and very helpful. They actually seemed to like working there. The attitude factor was zero. The nicest aspect of the rooms were the huge balcony doors. What a treat it was on a warm may evening to open up those doors, pull a chair around, and sit with my feet up on the balcony railing looking down Park Avenue. Forget dark, dreary, attitude-ridden Morgans. Giraffe is a stupid name, but a terrific hotel. From now on, I'm staying there whenever I'm in New York.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Wiseguy1
<Content>3 Star Hotel? Are you kidding me? I'm speechless. I cannot even begin to express how shocked I am that TripAdvisor gave this hotel a 3 star class. From a straphanger who has stayed at some of the BEST hotels in the WORLD, the Hotel Giraffe is FOUR STARS. In New York, I have stayed at Le Parker Meridien and the New York Palace, two five star hotels that are without argument two of the best hotels in the city. Other hotels I've stayed at include the Westin Rio Mar in Puerto Rico, the Broadmoor in Colorado Springs, and the Atlantis in the Bahamas.I am ashamed that TripAdvisor gave this hotel 3 stars just because it is a very small, boutique style hotel and does not have all these bling features that are overhyped and overrated anyway.I'll start with the location. Some might criticize the location because it is not close to anything. WRONG! Union Square is less than a mile south. Amazing shopping on Madison is one block east, 5th Av is two blocks. And best of all, the Subway is two blocks north! TWO BLOCKS! And these are two short blocks, too, the ones that go north/south. It's also a very convenient and frequent subway. The (6) local train is very reliable, and it serves many important places. Want to go to Union Square? Two stops downtown. Want to walk across the Brooklyn Bridge? Seven stops downtown. Have some relatives in Brooklyn? Two stops to Union Square, then walk across the platform to the (4) express train to Brooklyn. Have Yankees tickets? Two stops uptown to Grand Central, then walk across the platform to the (4) express train to Yankee Stadium. Oh wait, am I forgetting something? Ah, yes, Times Square/Broadway: Two stops uptown to Grand Central, then transfer to the (7) or (S) to Times Square! How easy is that?But the location is just the start. I'll move on to the lobby. The Grande Lobby is nothing short of just that...grand. It is a wonderful lobby. Check in is easy and once your done just walk two steps and you're on your elevator to your room. So what if its not bustling? Is that a bad thing? Does this hotel get 3 stars just because it has a small, quiet, charming lobby? Plus, there's often a piano player, and there's free breakfast every morning with muffins and fresh fruit and refreshing coffee. If you think a lobby has to be packed and bustling, stay at one of those overpriced, small room Midtown tourist trap hotels where all the tourists ram into each other's rear ends, where all the true New Yorkers avoid, where you spend your entire trip waiting for an ELEVATOR. The Hotel Giraffe is so pleasant, elegant, and charming and even if you don't stay there, it is a wonderful place to relax and hang out after a long, exciting day in the city.Finally, the ROOMS. I can't say enough about the beds. These beds are SO COMFORTABLE. You tuck yourself under the sheets and an angel is waiting to greet you. And the rooms, while not big, are not so small that one can't easily make his way around the room and move from one side of the room to the other without touching the bed, regardless of how much he/she weighs. And if you pay a wee bit extra for a deluxe room, you get your own private balcony, which, if it is a nice, sunny day, is quite a privilege.And you get ALL THIS for LESS THAN $300! No, you're not seeing things. Less than $300. Talk about a bargain. This hotel should be charging in the mid $300 range, but hey, I'm not complaining.So if you're looking for a peaceful, charming boutique FOUR STAR hotel with a relatively large room with a bed from Heaven and possibly a private balcony and a lobby with free breakfast and music on any given day at any given time, all located two short blocks from a Subway station in a quiet, safe neighborhood at a bargain price, the Hotel Giraffe is for YOU!TripAdvisor, I request that you change the hotel class for the Hotel Giraffe from 3 stars to what it deserves i.e. 4 stars.  
<Date>Jun 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Hotel in Great Location Having read a lot of reviews on tripadvisor we settled on this hotel for a 4 night stay over New Years 2005. We were delighted with our choice. Rooms are a very good size for NYC and the complimentary breakfast a nice addition. The complimentary wine and cheese each evening was a great way of starting a night out. All the staff we encountered along the way were very helpful and friendly and helped to create a very relaxed vibe in the hotel.Probably the best aspect of the hotel for my wife and I was its location - very close to Union Square and a range of amazing restaurants. We had booked the Union Square Cafe for New Years itself and had an excellant meal there and best of all had an easy 10 minute stroll back to the hotel afterwards - a nice change from the usual mania of trying to get a taxi!!Overall this was a great hotel and is very well located for foodies - as well as the Union Square Cafe we ate in Gramercy Tavern, Sushi Samba and Tabla which were all great meals and all within a few minutes walk of the Giraffe. A very memorable trip.  
<Date>May 24, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>mdr2006
<Content>Fantastic, would definitely stay there again We found the Giraffe to be excellent. The room was very stylish and spacious. Continental breakfast each morning was nice with a good selection to choose from. Location was also great - walking distance to midtown, close to the subway and only a 20 min walk to Greenwich Village. The staff - front desk, bar area, turn down and doorman - were very helpful and courteous (which was not the case in another larger hotel we stayed at prior to arriving at the Giraffe, where the service was disdainful). The Mexican restaurant next door to the Giraffe, Dos Caminos, was also fabulous.  
<Date>May 4, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jess6612
<Content>This time it was EXCELLENT! Just returned from a 3 night stay at the Giraffe. We have stayed there several times, the last time being Oct. 2005 when we felt the service and standards had overall dropped. This time all was excellent! The room looked fresher, the free breakfast was quite good and the service was friendly and efficient. Seemed as if the management was on its toes. Would agree with a previous poster that the bedspreads should be done away with--not necessary and not easily cleaned so why have them?  
<Date>Apr 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>GRoss1806
<Content>Fantastic hotel in a central location Had a fantastic stay at this hotel. This is our 7th stay in New York and this is by far the best hotel we've stayed in. The hotel staff were very friendly and helpful, especially the doorman. The room was a good size (for New York) and was very clean and tastefully decorated.Breakfast had a good selection to choose from and the staff were happy to help out with anything you asked for.The location of the hotel is also very good, the Empire State building and Macy's is less than 10 minutes walk away. We also walked down to South Manhattan.All in all a hotel well worth checking out. We'd happily stay here again.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>sd521
<Content>Perfect We stayed at the Hotel Giraffe last August for a girl's weekend. Rooms were nice. Pretty balconies. Lobby was lovely place to relax after a day of shopping. Piano music and wine from 4-8 pm. Subway stop one street up. I can't wait to return!  
<Date>Apr 10, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Boots64
<Content>Pricey, but practically perfect My fiancee and I stayed at Hotel Giraffe for four days in mid-March, and we loved every moment of it. The room was spacious, especially for Manhattan. Service was consistently excellent, from the front desk at check-in to the turn-down service (complete with chocolates and soft music on the stereo) each night. The continental breakfast was lovely, and the wine and cheese each night was a wonderful idea (as was the Internet-connected laptop at one table). It was a splurge for us, but we definitely intend to splurge on Hotel Giraffe again!  
<Date>Mar 26, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Conrad's Walker
<Content>OK, but not quite there Nice hotel, staff ok and nice rooftop. Room was dirty, stained comforter. Lacks the charm and elegance I usually prefer....feels like a condo rather than a hotel. I loved the neighborhood; walking distance to Midtown, Union Square, and SOHO. Great access to subway lines. Next time, I think I would try the Carlton on Madison Avenue or the W Union Square.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2006
<Rating>3	2	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very nice place - we'll be back for sure!! We stayed at the Hotel Giraffe the weekend of Feb 10th. We were very pleased. We had a one bedroom suite that was at the end of the hall and very quiet, the number one criteria for a hotel stay for us. The rooms were VERY clean, the beds extremely comfy, the pillows just right, the quilt was down and encased in sheets so you don't have to have someone else's germs in your face all night.The complimentary breakfast and cocktails were very nice as well. Parking was reasonable - $28/night. (I've been to hotels that charge $40). The neighborhood is vibrant, without being obnoxious, (Flatiron district) with lots of restaurants to chose from.It was one of our few total success hotels stays in NY.My only suggestion to the management is that they increase the wattage in their light bulbs. The rooms are painted brown, and with the limited sunlight, due to the buildings being right next door, they need to put in stronger bulbs. I mentioned this to the woman at the desk and she said all I had to do was ask...some customers do that. Well, asking for brighter light bulbs is not something I would think of doing, nor do I think I should HAVE to do. PUt them in the lamps in the first place.But next time I'll ask, and we will be back.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Jerseybabs
<Content>Hotel Giraffe, a lovely small hotel My husband and I spent a weekend in NYC at the Hotel Giraffe. We lived in NYC for many years, and wanted to find a charming, small hotel instead of one of the big midtown chains. We were both very happy with the Hotel Giraffe.  The valet parking was quick, and the bellman and desk people were very polite and sweet. Coffee, tea, capuccino etc. were offered throughout the day in the lobby. There was wine and cheese at night, and a continental breakfast in the AM.  We had a corner suite on the 7th floor with nice views down Park Avenue. What is referred to as a balcony is about 2 feet deep and more like a platform to stand out and get some fresh air. The suite itself was nice, and fairly spacious. It was decorated in subdued, neutal tones. I would recommend the Hotel Giraffe for someone who is looking for a small, charming hotel.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>MemK
<Content>Loved Everything About the Hotel My husband and I spend 3 nights at the Giraffe Hotel and absolutely loved it. The room was spacious (we've stayed at hotels double the price and rooms were much smaller). The hotel in general was clean and the serivce was great. We were just a few blocks from Union Square and MANY restos.Also, the complimentary breakfast was sweet and we enjoyed that also. Little added touches made this stay number 1.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>mommylovestotravel
<Content>Great hotel for families! My husband and I regularly stay at the Giraffe both for business and pleasure. It is a convenient location to get around the city (just across the street from a train stop) and the hotel itself is quite comfortable. On our last trip we brought along our 3-year old and they went all out to make his stay fun. The front desk always knew his name, calling him Mr. Alex, which he got quite a kick out of. The concierge helped to secure a babysitter for a couple of evenings, which was a nice way to detour from children's activities to a broadway show.The complimentary buffet breakfasts in the lobby are done quite elegantly, with various cereals, breads, cheeses, fruits, etc. Plus an espresso machine makes a variety of caffeine-loaded drinks that is much needed for navigating your way around the city (there is also a nice selection of teas). In the evening they serve wine and cheese, the ideal way to wind down after a busy day. The rooms are fairly big by NYC standards. We booked a junior suite which had a good size living room and a bedroom. Good closet space (so many rooms in NYC don't have that so when I come across a hotel that does I am thrilled) and a very pleasant and helpful staff. We had to extend our stay 2 days because our son became ill and they accommodated us with no problems. Also, if you are traveling with kids, there is a great playground 1 block away where the kids can mess around and tire themselves out!A highly recommended hotel for everyone.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>printer
<Content>Great little hotel My wife and I just finished up three nights (10/7/05 - 10/10/05) at the Hotel Giraffe.Overall, I鈥檇 say the hotel met or surpassed our expectations, and we would definitely stay there again. The rooms are on the small side, but quite comfortable and the small balconies (in some rooms) are great for getting a little additional air. The hotel is in a good location and the morning continental breakfast, and evening champagne, wine and cheese are a great plus. The NY Times is available to read in the lobby, but it would be nice if the hotel would provide a copy to guest rooms in the morning. I also very much liked the fact that the hotel makes a computer available to guests in the lobby. I only have a couple of pretty minor issues - the furniture in our room could use a cleaning and refreshing, its showing a tad bit of wear. Also, a more effective shower curtain would be great because as hard as I tried, I couldn鈥檛 stop from getting the bathroom floor quite wet. The front desk was generally helpful and efficient - no problems.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2005
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Wisco
<Content>Great Experience, nice staff, Romantic get away My wife and I stayed at the hotel 10/7-10/10/05. It was a quick weekend getaway from our lttle kids.I really liked this hotel for a few reasons:1. The staff from the doorman to the front desk were probably some of the nicest, most professional staff I have dealt with2. The rooms were well decorated, the beds very comfortable. Borderline boutique hotel without the attitude3. Each floor had only 7 rooms per floor. Since the whole place has only 70 rooms, it gives the impression of a bed and breakfast or small Inn.4. 4 of the 7 rooms on each floor had a balcony. We stayed in a room ending in 07. Great little balcony, but there is a busy restaurant in the basement and sometimes the people coming out on Saturday night were a little loud, but not unbearable.5. The lobby is a great place to sit and have a cocktail. Realxing. The rooftop lounge is really cool too. Very private6. Extremely convenient to transportation and walking distance to the village/Union Square area without being in a tourist area  
<Date>Oct 11, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>davenportmom
<Content>Hotel Giraffe, great little hotel We booked four rooms at the Giraffe for a girls' weekend in August in New York. We all love the hotel. The rooms are very cool and roomy for NYC standards. We all had balconies in our rooms that added a great touch. It was great to stand outside with a glass of wine and watch New York go by.The breakfast bar was nicely set up. We took advantage of the free wine and cheese every night before we went out. We even had our very own piano player each night who kept us entertained. The staff not only was very helpful, but was also quite fun. We bonded with our housekeeper and visited with her each evening during turn-down. We took pictures with multiple staff members (and the piano player) because we had so much fun with them.The bathrooms were pretty and once again quite roomy for NYC standards.About the only complaint I would give would be that the beds are not the world's most comfortable. They weren't awful, but they were not the Ritz.Overall, this hotel is pretty, clean, fun, in a great neighborhood, and a great price. I highly recommend it.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RobBflo
<Content>Fantastic choice!! Stayed at the Hotel Giraffe for two nights in September. This is a great little place. The rooms are a good size by New York standards, and are well appointed, tastefully decorated, and clean. We were lucky enough to get one of the rooms with a balcony overlooking Park Avenue, it was a nice addition to the ambiance. Subway access to the 6 line is a block away.Breakfast is complimentary, as is a wine and cheese offering in the afternoon on weekdays. We found the help very friendly, no problems at all. Overall, I would surely stay again.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>The4Bears
<Content>Mixed review We tried the Giraffe based on the reviews here...which are always helpful,pro or con...the room was relatively small and we found the bed uncomfortable given the trend toward heavenly beds with alot of padding and really soft sheets and pillows. We agree with an earlier reviewer that the front desk and bell staff seemed really casual and inexperienced but pleasant. Breakfast was great. Most of the time the internet access in the lobby was not functional. Subway access good and alot of great local restaurants and bars! Not anxious to reurn, in general, there are better places for the price.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>visitor123
<Content>Good Hotel, not Great I chose this hotel for a 20th Wedding Anniversary and for our first trip to New York. My choice was based on the reviews here on trip advisor.We had a great time but the hotel is not as good as I was led to believe from the previous reviews. Some staff were excellent, some were downright rude and ignorant. I imagine that if one only met the good staff the whole impression may have been different.On an objective level the disappointments for us were centered on the bathroom and the lighting. No handheld shower attachment meant you had no choice but to have a bath in order to wash some bits. More surprisingly, and unforgivably, the 'Bath Towels' (3 per double room for some reason) were like large hand towels (they would not fit around my admittedly large 40 waist). There was nowhere in the suite to hang wet towels so they could dry.Due to the offices surrounding the hotel one relied on electric lighting more than usual. Not a single bulb was more than 40 watts, and there were only 3 in the bedroom which meant one was constantly walking into the living room ( 5 * 40 watt bulbs) to try and get dressed in matching socks.Overall the Hotel had some really charming points. Someone there does care, without a doubt. The high points were candles in the windows and complimentary wine in the evening. Unfortunately considering the price we paid we felt that dim lighting and wet towels put too much of a dampener on our holiday of a lifetime for our liking.I have no comparative experience of New York hotels, but probably would not choose to visit the Giraffe again.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2005
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>njtraveler94
<Content>Wonderful experience I've stayed at Hotel Giraffe twice - once for 3 nights over Labor day weekend 2004 and the other for 3 nights around Christmas 2004. I had an extremely pleasant and warm experience both times. Location: As I can't stand the tourist trap that is Times Square, I loved the hotel's midtown location on Park ave. About a 10 minute walk to Grand central (about 12 blocks). Location is close enough by foot, cab, or subway to everything, but enough removed from everything that it wasn't cramped or overly crowded when you walk out the front door.Staff: I found the staff to be extremely warm, polite, and friendly without any air of pretention. They are attentive and helpful, and make you feel welcome while you're there. For example, one night before going to bed, I was in the mood for a glass of wine (at 1 am). Their room service is not 24 hours, but I called downstairs just to ask, and a gentleman was at my door within 5 minutes with it. The fact that the hotel is small and doesn't have many rooms allows for such personalized service. The minibar fridge does have electronic sensors for detecting purchases, so if you move stuff around to put something of your own in there, don't be alarmed if you see a few minibar charges on your bill. These charges were quickly removed without problem when I questioned them at check out. Check in/check out is very fast and smooth. We parked a car one of our stays and it was brought out to us in about 5 mins. On both stays, I stored luggage for a few hours upon check-out, which worked well. Hardly any wait to store/retrieve bags. Staff went out of their way to hail cabs to the airport for us on both stays (once the guy walked up about a block and a half or two from the hotel to hail a cab!).Rooms: My first stay was in a one bedroom suite and second stay was in a deluxe double. I found both to be very comfortable. Soothing, earthy colors and well appointed. Not super modern or hip design, not a totally generic holiday-inny feel, but just nice. Room was clean and maid service was great. We received turndown service most nights with chocolates. Complimentary water bottles in the room. The bathroom does have sort of a frosted door, so if you're not comfortable with that, then be forewarned. Bath products are Natura brand and very pleasant. Sink area has a big marble countertop which allows you to spread out your toiletries nicely. TV is not too new, but does its job, and there's a VCR (but no DVD). Completely fine with me as all I wanted was to check the weather and news on tv. Balcony is a wonderful touch. Although small, allows you to peer out from above to the outside (especially cool if you're on the Park ave side and look at the traffic lights changing sequentially to red or green for a distance of about a half mile or so). Balcony is also great if you're a smoker but don't want a smoking room and don't want to have to go all the way downstairs and outside. Also, there is free wireless high speed throughout the hotel.Lobby: The lobby is well designed, with nearly ceiling to floor windows, which keeps it bright. There is comfortable seating (chairs and sofas). One of the brighest spots about Giraffe has to be the food counter area in the lobby: this is where they serve complimentary continental breakfast (coffee, juice, cappucino, breads, pastries, bagels, hard boiled eggs, cereal, bagels, etc.) in the morning and where they have complimentary wine and cheese on weekday evenings. Although not huge, the breakfast is definitely enough to get you going in the morning. The other wonderful thing here is that 24 hours a day, guests can get complimentary bottled water (as opposed to paying $5-$10 for a bottle of water at other hotels), coffee, tea, and cookies. It's great to be headed out for the day and grab a bottle of water or two, or headed in for the night and grab a bottle of water or two, for free!I did briefly visit the rooftop garden area on my labor day stay - it is small but charming. A very cool giraffe statue there. A few patio tables and chairs for lounging.The hotel is in the 'Curry Hill' area of town, so there are a number of Indian restaurants within a block or two of the hotel (toward Lexington), of which several are South Indian - which is great if you're a vegetarian. Also, Vatan restaurant (Gujurati vegetarian) is about a 10 minute walk from Giraffe and is absolutely awesome if you're vegetarian.Bottom line: This is indeed a small, botique hall. Do not stay here if you want a huge, expansive atrium lobby or are looking for sutffy, old world rooms and service. Also do not stay here if you can't do without the hipness of places like the W hotels and other botique hotels. But do stay here if you want a very pleasant experience, clean, comfortable rooms, warm and friendly staff, and a great location. If you are worried about having a subpar hotel experience during your NYC stay, stay here and put your anxiety at ease. The only slightly minor negative is that prices can be a bit on the higher side if you are from out of town, although overall they're not bad for NYC hotel room prices in general. But your money is definitely well spent here which cannot be said for all pricey NYC hotels. I've stayed at about 4 different hotels in NYC and this was by far the best hotel, in terms of comfort, convenience, and overall experience. If you read the reviews on tripadvisor, it is one of the few hotels in NYC that only has a few aberrent negative reviews. Most reviews are very positive and very accurate. I saw that many other 4 or 5 star NYC hotels have such mixed reviews on tripadvisor, that you don't know what you're going to get. But stay here and you will be pleased - Giraffe is gold every time.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>H_Leeper
<Content>Great hotel, great staff, great location Had a great time in New york at the Giraffe celebrating my birthday with friends. Booked a deluxe double with balcony. At first we were given a room without the balcony, but they quickly changed it for us. Very friendly staff. Loved the free wine, cheese and champagne from 5-8PM on weekdays - excellent! Great modern decor, great rooftop garden, decent breakfast. Has a large, somewhat see-through window on the bathroom door so if you crave privacy, watch-out! Late 1PM check-out is really nice - we slept in and went down for breakfast before checking out. The free bottles of water in the room was another nice touch.Thank you Giraffe - we shall return!  
<Date>Jul 18, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Tampa_Law_Guy
<Content>The Best in NYC: No need to look further Just returned from a three-day stay over the July 4th Holiday. I usually stay at a Starwood property like the W when in NYC, but this time I decided to go for a more personal experience. I went back and forth between the Giraffe and The Muse, finally deciding on Giraffe just a few days before my trip. I definitely was not disappointed.There were three of us travelling together, my parents (who were making their first trip to NYC) and me. I booked a Deluxe Double Room. The room was absolutely perfect. The color pallette in the room was very soothing- soft earth tones, beige, brown, merlot. The room had two double beds with lovely bedspreads, nice sheets and great pillows. The room had a small balcony overlooking Park Avenue South and 26th Street. Being out on the balcony made me forget a bit that I was in NYC. The bathroom was a nice size and had great amenities. There was a spacious closet and two comfortable bathrobes. There was also a small bar area with a minibar underneath. The hotel gives you two complimentary bottles of water in your room. A very nice touch indeed. The housecleaning staff was very attentive and always turned down the room before we got back in the evenings. As previously reported, they do provide you with dark chocolate at turndown. The hotel itself is very nicely designed as well. The lobby has walls of windows so it is always very bright and airy. Every employee we encountered at the hotel was very friendly and helpful. Check in was very smooth and fast, and they gave me exactly the room I had requested. Personally, I feel the best service the hotel provides is its complimentary meal and snack service throughout the day. In the mornings, there is a complimentary continental breakfast set up in te lobby. While it is not a full breakfast buffett, it sure is a nice to have something in your stomach before leaving the hotel. The spread included bagels, muffins, croissants, danishes, hardboiled eggs, fruit, cereal, milk, assorted juices and fresh coffee. During the rest of the day, you can also get complimentary water, coffee, tea, milk and cookies in the same area of the lobby. And, finally, on weekdays between 5 and 8 p.m. they serve complimentary wine and cheese accompanied by piano music. Even after returning at 11 p.m. from a full day of sightseeing, you can walk over to the bar in the lobby and grab some complimentary water bottles. For NYC, this was truly an exceptional touch to our stay. The hotel is two blocks from the 6 line subway stop on 28th Street.This hotel truly exceeded my high expections given the reviews on here. I will definitely be returning here next time I am in NYC.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>hondast1100
<Content>Late review, Christmas at the Giraffe, very nice.       Our room at the Giraffe  
<Date>Jun 25, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>JohnFromChicago
<Content>Eager to Please Just concluded a 5 night stay at the Giraffe. The location is perfect - still has the Manhattan feel, but quieter than Uptown or Downtown locations.Stay away from rooms on the 12th floor. There is a bar, but good sound proofing makes the bar itself no problem. The real issue is that the crowd uses the hallyway as the cell phone call area - which means folks are standing by your room door making their calls. To make matters worse, the same area and an adjoining suite are used for business meetings in the morning, so the hallway again becomes a cell phone haven again when you are waking.We were warned about the bar by the staff before we took the room, but we did not realize that the real problem was the hallway itself. The staff was eager to fix the situation and moved us to another room with an upgrade.I'd have no problems staying here again and recommend it without hesitation.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2005
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Find! Just returned from a weekend in New York with my husband. We loved the Giraffe! Great little terrace off our room with view of Park Avenue, loved the rooftop bar for afternoon cocktails. Friendly staff. Walking distance to Madison Square Park, Union Square Park, Washington Square Park. If you want to be in the middle of the scene or in the lap of luxury, this is not the place, but it was perfect for us for a reasonably priced weekend getaway. Charming and quaint, quick cab ride to anywhere in the city. Check out the Jazz Standard around the corner for great jazz.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Very Nice Place! I stayed in this hotel several times this year. It's a very nice boutique-type hotel. Good customer service. Clean rooms. Good location. Nice touches with wine and cheese and breakfast included. A little expensive, but look hard for a good price online. I would certainly stay here again.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>leftylenny
<Content>great find in NYC stayed 4 nights at this property in mid May along with other family/friends coming in from all parts of USA/Canada for a wedding. Hotel is exceptionally clean and well appointed. Was a welcome home after a long day of sightseeing and social activities. Continental breakfast was all that was required to get your day started off on the right foot. Midtown location on the 5/6 subway line had us a quick ride to uptown or downtown by either walking up to 28th or down to 23rd to jump on. Housekeeping and front door staff were exceptionally helpful (thanks again Mariek!). Major concern is front desk staff. Generally they appeared to be young and either inexperienced or unwilling to help with advice/recommendations regarding sightseeing, travelling the city etc. This was important to my wife and I as we were first timers to NYC and were trying to make the most of the time we had to be tourists. Reading from a NYC City Guide from under the counter at the front desk just does not cut it.....I could have (and in fact did) read that info on my own as there were copies in each room.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jkmac
<Content>My new favorite New York hotel I wasn't disappointed with any aspect of my stay. Friendly  helpful staff, huge room, great Juliet balcony over Park Avenue, great bed, good and filling breakfast. Can't wait to go back.  
<Date>May 17, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Head and shoulders above the rest I stayed at the Giraffe over the Christmas period. It was, quite simply, awesome. The people were unbelievably friendly, the nosebag was spot on, and the standard of the rooms was exquisite. My old man is a miserable blighter, but even he absolutely loved it. My old dear had much the same praise. Although she is easier to please! Luckily the giraffe landed a few good early shots and they were left punch drunk. I was lorded as 'the best holiday booker ever'. Nice one giraffe. I recommend it. It takes the michael out of all competitors. Brilliant! there are not enough verbs to describe it.  
<Date>May 12, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>CheersDrive
<Content>Great little find Pluses: Value for Money, Friendly bar and front of house staff, Excellent rooms - looked well cared for  well put together, Good NYSC gym 3 blocks away that you can get a day pass to, Chess and free wine  cheese in the evening, And a bar that you can stretch out in and relax.Sort of minuses: Not really close to anything, but also not miles away from anything. However, you can certainly walk to all the key bits of Manhattan if its dry and sunny.Minuses: Didn't get to see the bar on the roof as it was closed due to high winds when we went.I can thoroughly recommend the Giraffe, and would definitely go back.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jenster001
<Content>Excellent hotel Over the years I've played NY hotel roulette too many times..... mostly ending up in some awful hotel. This time, as I was coming with 6 friends to celebrate a BIG birthday, I did some proper research and hit the trip advisor pages. At the time of booking, this hotel was ranked number 2 (number 1 way out of our price range) so we booked...Well I won't be bothering with any other hotels again. This place is a total gem. + Young, friendly staff create a great atmosphere. + Rooms are large (esp by NY standards), comfortable and well appointed.+ Great free continental breakfast (bagels, croissants, pain au chocolat, fruit, yoghurts, juices, coffee/tea) served in the lobby each morning.+ Free champagne, wine and cheese served in the lobby early evening Mon-Fri+ Midtown location, very near subway so easy to hit either up or downtown.+ Complimentary membership to nearby NYSC gym.It is not a big hotel, probably 70-80 rooms, so you might need to book ahead....  
<Date>Apr 25, 2005
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>helpful staff, excellent value We spent four nights at the Giraffe and enjoyed the clean, quiet room, sumptuous breakfasts and attentive, helpful staff. Our suite (top floor) was comfortable, the breakfast buffet was abundant, replenished during the morning and the atmosphere in the lobby stayed pleasant through the day, with piano music in the late afternoon. The management is doing something right!  
<Date>Apr 22, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Waste of Space This was my vaccation and the staff at this Hotel were so rude upon my check-in. My room was not ready and I sat in the lobby for an hour listening to the same music over, and over, and over...Forthe price, little over $300 I was imagining something different. I found hair in my bathroom which was horrible. In the morning i was hoping to have a bagel, only there wer no more left. The girl at the desk (Stef) basically didn't care and did nothing to fulfill my needs. This was upsetting. All in all this place is way overratted, overpriced, and not friendly. Management needs fixing.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>would definitely go back... Since I was not familiar with hotels in NYC, I read a LOT of reviews before deciding on a hotel  since Giraffe seemed to be about the only hotel without negative comments, I booked a room for the first week of March '05. It was a special 'girl' trip for my sister-in-law  I  I'm happy to say we both really liked the hotel. The room was a good size with double beds  we had a really nice corner room where you could see part of Park Ave.We especially enjoyed the nice breakfast, which was just about right for us; fresh fruit, very nice rolls, yogurt  good capuccino.The only disappointment was the (lack of) turn-down service. Being chocolate lovers, we only received chocolates the first night. After that, either the lady came by so late (almost at 9PM) that we didn't need the service anymore, would turn down only one out of 2 beds  never left chocolates again after the first night! All in all, we had a very pleasant stay. We really liked the location; even Times Square is walkable if you want a somewhat longer walk.If 'm ever in NYC again, I will definitely go back to Giraffe.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>johnnymongoose
<Content>If this is how a giraffe lives鈥?#x201d; I need to get my hands on some of those brass rings to start stretching out my neck. What a thoroughly enjoyable experience! From the inviting glass of wine and game of chess in the lobby to the responsive and courteous staff to the quickest check in and check out process I鈥檝e ever experienced, I have nothing but good things to say about the Giraffe. And I loved the room. Good sized especially for a boutique hotel and touches such as the XXL leather headboard, classic balcony, and motorized curtains takes it over the top. Honestly, I felt like a cross between Dylan McKay and Dodi Fayed during my stay there鈥hich of course means I can鈥檛 wait to come back!  
<Date>Mar 18, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ssj0610
<Content>Best Value in NYC You gotta love this place!! Where else in NYC can you get a free breakfast and cocktail hour with a piano player for under $300.00? As an avid Trip Advisor reader, I relied heavily on the reviews I read about the Giraffe. Thanks for not letting me down.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>British_Abroad
<Content>Great for 2 nights Made the decision to stay at the Giraffe largely due to the shortage of available rooms, at decent prices, over the duration of our visit to NY. I am happy to say we were not disappointed.The room was large, comfortable and well furnished. The staff was friendly and were very accommodating to our late check out request. Was also impressed that reception got us a table in a renowned NY restaurant, albeit owned by the same people as the hotel, with a couple of hours notice on a holiday weekend.The management are obviously attempting to compensate for the hotels deficiencies, like no bar, by adding some nice touches such as the free wine and cheese, 24hr coffee and decent breakfast. This is a refreshing change to the usual lacklustre attitude set by many other NY hoteliers.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Boutique Hotel Great hotel with a wonderful staff.I wanted a hotel with a bit of charm and personality rather than the usual chain-megalith.Hotel Giraffe was all I hoped it would be.Charming rooms, friendly staff, great location.Hotel is just far enough out to make driving and parking reasonable, yet easily walkable to great sites.We look forward to visiting again.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>wilytraveller
<Content>Dry but functional I went to NYC for business mid-Feb 05 and stayed in the Giraffe for 4 nights because of its proximity to the office. Its location is good for travel downtown and uptown on the 6 subway.The room was rather dry in taste. Nothing stands out about the decor. Room was reasonable size but bathroom was a little cramped.The lobby area doubles as a lounge for both breakfast and drinks throughout the day. Cold breakfast is included which is a bonus and much appreciated. Champagne and cheese is a nice touch for early afternoon but nothing special. One laptop is provided in the lounge with wireless access to the Internet. The laptop's screen was a little hazy though (due no doubt to the quality of the laptop).If you have to stay here I would suggest you request a x01 or x06 (where x is the floor number). From reviewing the floor plan those rooms appear to be bigger than the x02 room I stayed in. Be warned though, garbage collection on the Street is a noisy affair in late evenings so you should consider a high floor if this bothers you!Last time I stayed in NYC 3 years ago for business I stayed in The Mark on E77th street which was truly excellent and would definitely be my preference over the Giraffe.Would I stay in the Giraffe again? For business if I had to (because everywhere else was full) then yes. But would I stay here on my own time? No.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jan83
<Content>best hotel experience We stayed here while I was attending a conference at Jacob Jarvis Center last week. What a great hotel experience. I lived in New York some number of years ago and have been back to visit a few times. This was by far the best hotel experience that I have had in NY. We were in 7th floor room. It was lovely. The room was nice and very elegant. The service was outstanding. We would go again in a heartbeat!!!!  
<Date>Feb 24, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Holly29
<Content>Great all round Ok, just so that you know - I am one of the fussiest hotel guests in the world. I have stayed in some of the world's best hotels and I am not easily impressed. Now with that in mind... if you are looking for real luxury, then the Giraffe is not for you. Stay at the Plaza, Ritz or Waldorf. If you are looking for the trendiest place in town, then again this is not for you - stay at the Hudson or the Gansevoort or Soho House. However, if you are looking for a well-priced, friendly hotel with large rooms and a good location, then this is for you. The Giraffe is one of the friendliest places I have ever stayed. I was in NY with a friend and we just wanted a base to stay in, without any particular frills. Major bonus points for the full breakfast laid on every morning as part of your room rate (and until 11am at weekends!) and also for the cheese and wine hour every evening - perfect for pre-cocktails. No bar - but who needs a bar in the hotel in NYC? So many great bars in this city. Also major bonus points for the huge rooms, a real rarity. We had a deluxe double double, which was really vast and had a huge luxurious bathroom. On this same trip I also stayed at the Carlton and the Hudson, and I can honestly say that in terms of the basics (i.e. room size, breakfast and noise levels) this was easily the best hotel. The decor is a bit tired, but the rooms are spotless and fun. Don't spend mega bucks anywhere else. Great central location also.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>serendipit4
<Content>What is all the fuss about? Deeply disappointing. We booked the 'superior' suite for $425 a night. Following the ecstatic Tripadvisor reviews, we thought Hotel Giraffe would make a perfect ending to our 4 night stay in New York.We arrived at 1.45pm and our room was not ready. Fair enough, we were a little early but then we were told that the hotel did not possess a bar! Perhaps we might like to go around the corner somewhere else for a drink!Say what? Sponsored by the Temperence society in conjunction with the AA? No bar! New York! The lobby/dining area had a bland Euro feel to it and was empty of any atmosphere or indeed guests. Only a lonely piano indicated the elegance of what once might have been- a most suitable setting for a dry hotel with a reception area poked into a small corner by the single elevator where 3 staff vied for space.On our return from a 'Time Out' listed jazz bar further around the block(not the one recommended by the hotel), we were shown by the eager solitary porter to our 'showpiece' suite. which, given the price tag, was cramped and in poor visual taste. The cheap nylon effect sheen of the ivory diamond bedcover said it all. This suite is the first image that greets you on their website and is presumably the hotel's 'presidential' number.Do not be deceived by the apparent spaciousness and light of the pictures on the website.Sophisticted? The whole suite, rather than capture a 30's ambience tended more towards the tired, stale and in need of refurbishment feel.We needed decisive action. The Mandarin Oriental was full but the Waldorf Astoria was offering rooms at $309 a night. No contest.The hotel is not listed in the most recent 2004 Time Out guide.It will be interesting to read any future review following the enthusiasm of Tripadvisor guests at this hotel.The Giraffe receptionist did try and er stick her neck out and spin the features she believed the hotel possessed before accepting our bid for freedom. However, no attempt was made to negotiate price and frankly, short of a giveaway $50 type of scenario, we still wouldn't have been tempted to stay.We stayed on a bed and breakfast package at the Battery Park Ritz Carlton for a lot less. ($359 per night)To the staff's credit, everyone was most courteous and a full refund was agreed despite the pre- arranged booking.In short, grossly overpriced, cramped, clashing decor and a lack of any luxury, never mind the bar.Can't see Tom Waits ever playing at that solitary piano!  
<Date>Feb 18, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Mostly excellent, just a few negatives Stayed at the Giraffe for 3 nights:Pros: location is excellent, right by the 6 train nice continental breakfast in lobby is included friendly service all-day coffee and tea, snacks in lobby use of computer in lobby (lobby has wireless connection for your own computer)Cons: TV in room is rather old fashioned...reception was not great No fitness center in hotel (passes to nearby gym are available but in cold weather who wants to go outside after workout?) No real room service but there is a Mexican restaurant next door which delivers.Would stay there again.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The best kept secret in the city Before I chose the Hotel Giraffe, I read hundreds of reviews. My head was spinning and I wavered back and forth between several old, well established hotels and this new boutique hotel before finally deciding. The one thing that kept coming back to me was the fact that I hadn't read a single bad review of the Giraffe. My husband and I stayed there for 3 nights in January 2005 and it was money well spent. The suite we had was perfect. The 10 foot ceilings really create a feeling of roominess which is hard to find in the city. The breakfast in the morning was just enough to start the day and the wine and cheese in the evening was a welcomed spring board for the night to come. The staff was very helpful and accomodating. My husband and I were flying to see his family in upstate NY and the hotel was happy to keep one of our bags for 2 days while we were there. We flew back, collected our bag at the hotel and went on our merry way. They couldn't have been nicer, friendlier, or more helpful.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>call_me_a_cab
<Content>We always come back here I stayed there by myself during spring 2004, and was amazed at the great service, CLEAN rooms, relaxed atmosphere, and wonderful amenities. My suite overlooked Park Avenue, and had a lovely view, unlike many hotels where you look out onto a lovely airshaft.The rooms with a Juliet balcony are awesome! I returned with my husband during summer 2004, and it was wonderful having the balcony, drinking champagne and watching all the activity!I have a business trip in March 2005, and I originally booked at the Michelangelo because that's where my meetings are, but they were so rude on the phone, keeping me on hold, interrupting my questions, I decided to cancel and re-book at the Hotel Giraffe, even though it's more expensive.If you're looking for a cheap deal, look elsewhere. If you're looking for a great suite, great service, immaculate room, and a beautiful view, book with confidence at the Hotel Giraffe.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A wonderful place to stay! We stayed January 2004 in a 2 bedroom suite and found it to be the most comfortable hotel we have ever stayed in in New York City. It is small, personal, friendly and clean. We will return again this year!  
<Date>Jan 7, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ThereseSophie
<Content>Stellar Service. Stellar service. Warm and ultra-professional staff made us (2 adults, 2 kids) feel happy to be there the minute we drove up. Great Flatiron location near countless resturants and bars. One block away from the subway. Delicious breakfast in lobby. Tasty wine  cheese hour (with a piano player who looked as if he had just stepped off a movie set). Yummy cappuccino/hot chocolate/tea available all day. Elegant, understated and homey at once. Exceptional housekeeping staff--they incorporated my daughter's stuffed animals into their evening turndown service. We were all sad to leave our comfortable Park Avenue suite. I would highly recommend this boutique hotel as a home-away-from- home to business  pleasure travelers alike.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Flawless Choice After exhaustive research into a hotel choice for a one week stay during Thanksgiving week, I decided upon Hotel Giraffe, largely due to the consistently high marks they received through this website. It's almost impossible to find a hotel that doesn't have a mix of positive and negative reviews, yet the Giraffe's were resoundingly positive, and right on the mark, I might add. In summary:Great complimentary happy hour, and breakfast.Extremely attentive, polite, and helpful staff.Reasonably central location. Perfect if you want to use the #6 subway line. Clean, quiet, and decent sized rooms.If you want all of the amenities that come with a Luxury Hotel, stay at a luxury hotel. I can see very little reason for anyone to be dissatisfied with their experience at the Hotel Giraffe. I'm actually surprised it is still such a well kept secret.Stay at the Hotel Giraffe, and eat nearby at Craft. You will sleep great knowing you did both.   
<Date>Nov 30, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>relaxing hotel This is a beautiful and relaxing hotel. We arrived late on a Wednesday, and walked next door for dinner. After dinner, we strolled through the neighborhood before heading back to the room. Next day, a conference kept me busy all day, but the evening was very pleasant with complimentary vine and cheese, in nice but always empty lobby. The room was spacious; the bathroom was nice sized, while not overly huge. The linens were clean, and the carpets and furniture were exceptionally cared for. I would definitely stay here again, even without having a meeting or a conference.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mimramtrout
<Content>First visit to NY First visit to NY(Aug '04),relied on the internet for some suggestions.Chose the Giraffe on that basis .Initially a bit dissappointed by dark corridors and dark rooms but soon acclimatised and began to appreciate what a nice hotel this really is.Rooms clean and well laid out.Had small suite with our 9 and 12yr olds sleeping on the couch bed..worked well.Maid service and staff were very good. Breakfast and drinks/cheese in the evening were a real delight.Location between midtown and uptown was perfect. Mexican restaurant next door was superb.We would be very tempted to stay here again on a return trip to NY.PS don't miss the saturday morning market in Union Square just down the road.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LD54
<Content>Perfect in every way! I have stayed at many hotels in New York City and none come close to Hotel Giraffe. The staff that they have working for them are nothing short of extraordinary. In addition, the hotel has everything one could need and a lot more: comfortable beds, sparkling clean rooms, great breakfasts, central location, bottled water available all day, wine in the evening and.....I could go on and on. I can't recommend this place enough as an adult and my two teenage daughters loved it too.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Better than I expected We recently stayed at the Hotel Giraffe in NewYork for 4 nights. I was travelling with my husband  teenage daughter. The room was very spacious  very clean. The hotel staff was very friendly  we were very happy with all of the hotel amenities.The hotel is located about a 10 min walk from the Time's Square area, I much preferred the location of the hotel as it is not a real tourist area. One of the staff members commented that not many Australians visit their hotel  I suppose it's because it is not advertised in our travel magazines.The cost was fairly expensive but really worth it. I can't wait till we return to New York as I loved it  I loved the Hotel Giraffe. Higly recommend it to anyone.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Mikhal1719
<Content>Terrific boutique hotel This is a jewel of a hotel, with a wonderful, helpful staff and a convenient location. The rooms are modern and spacious by NYC standards with thoughtful amenities throughout. Plus the hotel provides a generous continental breakfast in its comfortable lobby, followed by beverages throughout the day, and ending with wine and champagne together with cheese and crackers in the evening, accompanied by live piano music. On the top floor there is a small private garden retreat, perfect for a warm autumn evening. A great find!  
<Date>Oct 13, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Giraffe is a NY Mainstay You really can't go wrong with the Giraffe. I've stayed there many times and it has always been clean and stylish, with exceptional service.Check out the wine and cheese scene at 5 and the euro-continental breakfast.A good rate is $299 if you can find that online.Good places to eat include Grammercy Tavern on 20th and Broadway and Afro De Cuba.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>endlessummer
<Content>LOVED this hotel!! I chose this hotel after exhaustive research on the internet. My boyfriend and I actually visited for Xmas 2003 and I felt bad about not leaving a review for this fantastic place. Neither of us had ever stayed in New York (I have always stayed with friends who have since left so I was quite nervous about choosing a hotel) and this was his first visit ever to the city. We absolutely loved The Giraffe. Our room was a deluxe double. Bed was large, marble bathroom spacious and stocked full of goodies (I'm very picky about my bathroooms). The room was very clean, in soothing shades of burgundy and greys. The location is amazing - we walked everywhere - and we really enjoyed wandering around Gramercy. BUT what we really loved, as others have pointed out, was the breakfast and evening drinks. The continental style breakfast was nothing like the paltry version you get in a lot of European hotels. This was full-on U.S.A. style with the best bagels!!! I have to confess, I put on a bit of weight in the 5 days we were there. Every night - hey, we were on holiday! - we enjoyed the nibbles and free wine/prosecco. Then, we set off again into the great city of New York. It was sooo hard to leave The Giraffe. We will always go back there whenever we find ourselves in our new favourite city. Do not hesitate to book a room here - you won't be disappointed. p.s. and for those of you worried about noise, I slept very soundly every night - and I ALWAYS travel with earplugs. Our room was not facing Park Avenue however so if noise is a problem, I can definitely recommend booking one of these rooms.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mjhill1004
<Content>Very nice boutique hotel We recently stayed here and really enjoyed it. Service was great...not snobby like you sometimes find.The cappucino machine was broken 2 times while we there but that's not a major deal. We loved the wine/cheese reception in the evenings. The breakfast was good but not outstanding. Still nice to have something in your stomachs before you begin your day. We had booked a double/double by mistake and they still gave us a king when we checked in without charging us extra. Would stay here again. Location not really that central. I would say the nearest subway was easily 6 blocks away so be prepared to use cabs a lot or walk. We had a great stay though in our favorite city in the US.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2004
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Washington_DCPzero
<Content>A Very Nice Boutique Hotel Had a recent stay in NYC and stayed in one of their upscale suites. The rooms were clean and the amenities nice. One of the elevators was not working during my stay, so it took forever to get up and down to the lobby. Also requested a bucket of ice which never arrived from room service. The continental breakfast w/ juices was quite enjoyable. Would recommend with some reservations.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ackee
<Content>My Home in NYC I happened upon the Giraffe in 2001. Since then I (alone or with my wife) have stayed at this beautiful hotel about ten times. Unless omething beyond my control prevents me from taking a room at the Giraffe, this is my home in NYC. When you see the Giraffe I am confident that you will understand my loyalty. The common areas --the lobby (that also serves as the breakfast room in the morning and the location for wine and cheese in the evening (with a piano playeras a bonus)) and the patio on the twelfth floor -- are lovely. The rooms and the suites have generous sizes and feel even larger due to theten foot ceilings. The staff is attentive and very helpful. Rose Revicki, the director of sales and marketing, especially stands out. My only quibble is very minor: perhaps the Giraffe, during its next technology upgrade, will put in the rooms and the suites DVD players. The VCRs (and the check out library of tapes at the front desk) are fine but a bit dated. As you may surmise, when that is my only input for suggestionbox, I rate this hotel at the head of the class.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nanicinema
<Content>Fantastic New York Hotel! My husband and I don't have to stay in New York hotels due to my in-laws nice apartment - however this past weekend it so happened there was no room at that inn so we tried Hotel Giraffe because of the reviews we read on trip advisor. And I'm happy to say our experience was really great! The room are large and extremely clean especially for New York City hotels (we stayed at the Peninsula recently and it wasn't as nice unless you got a very pricey deluxe room). The service was very friendly, and the all-day complimentary coffee, fresh fruit, and snacks were a nice bonus. The hotel has a very pretty roof garden, where you can takes those snacks and drinks and relax in the summer. The free breakfast in the comfortable lounge was yet another added lovely suprise. As someone who spends a lot of time in New York - I think the location is actually quite inspired. You're near to great resturants - especially Indian ones, lots of shops, and weekend street markets. There is a nice little shady park with a children's playground just a block away, and you can go uptown or downtown to all the sites either on long interesting walks or by bus, subway or taxi - much better than being in overly busy time square day and night! All in all it's a great little European style hotel - very clean and cozy! We'll be back!  
<Date>Jul 8, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful place to stay This hotel was great in every way. The weekend price is reasonable for an upscale NYC hotel - it was half the price of the W. The rooms are stylish, impeccibly clean and roomy for New York. The staff was helpful and professional, if not overly warm and cozy. The location is quiet and still within walking distance to Union Sqaure/Village (if you like to walk). The breakfast was delicious and had a wide variety of items (not just boring mini danish). We decided we would go back again without hesitation. A great place!  
<Date>Jun 23, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>purplemama
<Content>It's our new favorite hotel!! After staying at many New york City Hotels-- including grand old and boutique-- this was by far the best, Our one bedroom suite was spacious for NYC...beautiful decor with a balcony! The staff was consistently friendly, helpful and professional, from reservations to turn-down service. The complimentary food and beverage offerings went beyond the norm as well. Location was great-- and QUIET!! It's the only place we'll stay from now on.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hirogreen
<Content>Terrific Hotel in the Union Square/Grammercy Park Area The Hotel Giraffe is a very, very good hotel in an area where there are relatively few hotels. The location was just about perfect for my visit--I needed to be near my friends @ the W Union Square. The hotel is immaculately maintained. The lobby is extremely spacious for a relatively small hotel, and the decor/furninshings are tasteful, comfortable, and welcoming. The staff are, for the most part, excellent, though I did encounter one bellman  one maid who were subpar. My room was nicely appointed, and I really enjoyed having a balcony. My room, although not huge, was definitely big enough for needs. I particularly liked the creative  subtle use of color in the decor scheme. This hotel offers some wonderful little perks that many hotels @ this level simply do not--somplimentary continental breakfast, evening wine  cheese, and daily passes to a nearby gym. The lobby has coffee, tea, expresso, juice, and cookies available all day. It was so nice to enjoy a cup of tea in the lobby after a long afternoon in the city. The price is quite appropriate for a high end hotel in New York. I've stayed @ the nearby W Union Square, and I would DEFINITELY recommend the Giraffe over the W. I plan on telling all my friends in LA about this little gem of a hotel!  
<Date>May 18, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>can i move in?!? quite possibly the best hotel i've ever stayed in, the hotel giraffe exceeds your most particular expectations. from the staff, to the linens, to the breakfast...this hotel is lavish and abundant in service, without pretension. would stay here again in a heartbeat.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>No Attitude Here This Hotel is aW (only better) without the attitude. Just returned from a five day stay and was very pleased with all aspects of this property.Suite was large,clean and very comfortable.Excellent location away from the Times Square crowd. Dining at the restaurant Sciuscia was most enjoyable.(Try the meatloaf) Last, but not least, I must comment on the quality of service from every member of the staff. Always first-rate with a smile!! Especially appreciated were the Manager, Nalini, greeting guests in the Lobby every morning and the outstanding services provided by the personable and efficient Michaela B. at the Front Desk.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2004
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolutely LOVED it! Hotel Giraffe completely exceeded my expectations. Located in the Flat Iron district/Grammercy Park- in a very quiet neighborhood (for New York), yet a short cab ride, or walk, away from NY hot spots, including SOHO, and Penn Station. Small boutique, with only 50 something rooms, so not really busy. Staff is extremely helpful, always with a smile. As soon as you walk in the door (opened for you, of course), your bags are wisked away. Beautiful rooms- modern, art deco-y. Gorgeous. Breakfast in the lobby (free) with the best bagels ever, and in the afternoon, free champagne, tea, and cookies. Everybody should come to this hotel.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Wonderfully Different Experience   showReview(1661795, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 19, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A wonderful hotel, highly recommended!   showReview(1637960, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 7, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hotel Giraffe was AWESOME!   showReview(1552555, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 15, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Met Nearly All of My Expectations   showReview(1537676, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 4, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderfully warm   showReview(1506008, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 3, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolutely Perfect Stay   showReview(1503849, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 1, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ChicagoNed
<Content>Awesome boutique hotel   showReview(1370022, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 28, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fabulous!   showReview(1278342, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 10, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KaraAlison
<Content>Hotel Giraffe Head    showReview(1220573, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 10, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Service   showReview(826471, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 21, 2002
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>viduido
<Content>Prometen m谩s de lo que dan   showReview(19870516, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 8, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	2	2	3	

<Author>j0sele
<Content>Un hotel encantador, muy recomendable   showReview(19062498, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>MilanoLuca
<Content>Buon albergo   showReview(15155815, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 20, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	3	4	4	3	

<Author>Mariuggia
<Content>Un hotel eccezionale   showReview(14980612, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>PupiCalagonone
<Content>Ottimo   showReview(14599783, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Yumbo
<Content>Un relax en el ritmo trepidante de New York   showReview(14443615, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 22, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	5	

