<Author>Bristraveler
<Content>Good budget hotel This hotel was located a long walk from the train station, we caught the tram and found the hotel ok. We chose this hotel out of necessity and would have preferred something better located if it was available.The hotel is located in a quiet street. The check-in staff were friendly enough and all spoke English. Like many of the hotels in Europe the expectation was that the keys were left at the front desk, but we had no problems. The room was located on the ground floor and was clean and tidy. The hotel had internet available after paying a small fee and getting log-in details from the check in desk. The walk to the red light district and other tourist areas in Amsterdam was a fair walk, but was do-able. The walk to Leidesplain (where a lot of restaurants, bars and cafes are located) was close, as well as the Van Gogh Museum. On our last day in Amsterdam the hotel held our bags for us in a secure room down in the basement. The security was a bit of an unknown as it appeared to be left open some of the time, but we didn't have any security problems as we locked our bags.All in all, this is a budget hotel but was clean and tidy. It wasn't in the best of locations, but it was close to the trams and some bars and restaurants.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2009
<Rating>4	4	3	3	5	4	3	-1	

<Author>vickalaa
<Content>Fab hotel!! This hotel is in the leidseplein area. We have stayed in this area a couple of times, but normally at the Marriot or the NH Amsterdam so we were a bit aprehensive about stopping in a more of a budget hotel....anyhow....The hotel was really easy to find. We arrived there early and they let us check into 1 of the rooms early, the other one wasn't ready (we had two rooms booked). The 1st room (which turned out to be the other members of our party) had a twin room (pushed together) it was a decent size and the bathroom was clean and tidy with a bath/shower and those little bottles of shampoo/shower gel. The room had a safe and tea/coffee facilities, this must be a new addition as previous reviews have said that they didn't have any. The room also had a tv with plenty of channels. When we got our room, it was a lot smaller than the other one. THis wasn't a problem for us, but there wasn't a lot of room to move around (although we've had a room in the NH Amsterdam that was about the same size and paid a lot more money for it). The bathroom was the same as the other room, was clean and a decent size with a bath/shower.Breakfast was included in the room price and was a continental, it was really nice with a lot of choice of drinks and breads/pastries, yoghurts and a fruit bowl. On checking out, we were able to leave our luggage in a locked room until we needed to leave for our flight. The hotel had a bar but we never used this facitily. THe reception staff were very helpful in any of our questions and would definately return to stay in this hotel.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2009
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Away-and-Loving-It
<Content>Gem in the heart of 'Dam' Straight to the point - Hotel was very, very nice. Clean, freindly service, excellent location - Just of Leidse Square (which in my opinion is a nicer area than the popular Dam Square, which isn't far away - 20min walk) Leidse Square is a 2-3 min walk from the hotel, but far enough away so it's in a quite area.Leidse Square has dozens on dozens of restaurants and bars, along with main Canal Bus Stops, Road Bus Stops and Tram Stops. Perfect place to start exploring from.Room was small but served the purpose we wanted, i.e. comfortable bed to sleep in, TV, bath and shower. Room also had a safe in it which was helpful. Overall price for the room was a bargain considering you are in a city and it's position. We would definately go back. Perfect little Gem.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2009
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>CameronandKristy
<Content>Brilliant 3 Star hotel This little independant gem is a great hotel right in the centre of town on the Leidse Plain, 15 minutes walk from Dam square. We stayed here for Christmas and it was a lovely little hotel that had everthing we needed. Is 3-31/2 star quality but you do get what you pay for here and the location is perfect, especially for those wanting to see some of the museums and art galleries. Nice touch was the christmas gifts left for us by the staff, just a chocolate but a nice touch for a friendly hotel. Would stay again, beds good and rooms clean. Recommended  
<Date>Dec 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>mystra
<Content>best bed ever!!! We were expecting a lot less than this basically!!We got it very cheap on here (obv. this would depend when you go how long for etc) Anyway it was one of the cheapest ones we could find for the trip in a good area and the time we wanted to go, i think it worked out at about 150 quid for the both of us to stay for 3 nights. We were dropped off by the hotel and actually thought they had dropped us off at the wrong place!! We saw pictures online and just thought that all pictures look a million times better than what its really like. We just hoped for basic and clean and maybe a decent breakfast!it is in a really nice pretty area, near to Leidsplein where there are lots of bars and restaurants, but its not too manic and not noisy at all. The hotel is in a very quiet area across from a canal, tucked away on a quiet side street. i like to party but then i like to sleep so i like to stay somewhere quiet!The room we had, yes it was small by some standards but we found it perfect for us. Some people would see it as small though, but there you go. It was nice and clean, very cosy. Bathroom could have done with a fan though as there was no window and it could get a bit stuffy and erm, smelly haha.The bed...wow...didn't look much but it is the best bed we've ever slept in!!! Most hotels give you 90 million horrible scratchy blankets, but it had a big comfy duvet, was like sleeping in a cloud! better than my bed at home!! The room could get chilly (it was december so yeah it will) so we put the radiator on and it soon warmed up and was cosy and nice!The breakfast was a continental buffet style, lots of choice of bread, cheeses and cold meats, boiled eggs, spreads, tea, coffee, juices. Don't expect full english breakfast, sorry but you're in europe so it may disappoint some but this is what they have on the continent. I love it myself, but it may not be to your taste. Oh yeah, and there was chocolate milkshake, which i loved!!All in all this a really nice hotel for a couple on a tight budget that don't want to stay in a complete dump or miles out. very good value. I don't know what it would be like for other kind of traveler such as families but for a couple like us who are on a budget but want something a bit nice, go for it!  
<Date>Dec 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>LilyWhitest
<Content>Avoid the desk staff, they are nasty Front desk staff was very unfriendly and of no help at all. Very testy and ready to 'pick a fight' at any question or request. Like a previous reviewer, I too avoided the desk people at all costs. Why are they working with tourists if they are so disdainful and condescending and unhelpful? Also, the bathtub is about 4 feet off the floor and very slippery and dangerous for children and older adults (or short-legged adults, like myself.)Cleaning staff took away our shampoos instead of replenishing them. And the towels were skimpy and like sandpaper.But, aside from the rude staff, the location was great for the price.Breakfast, by the way: ugh. boiled eggs, cold cuts and the same old same old silos of dry cereal. After a couple of days of the exact same (boring) offerings it seems a waste to even get out of bed for it.Also, beware that some rooms are basement/underground and the staff is pretty snooty about shoving you into them without apology or explanation. The next level is street level and right by the noisy bar and front desk. Again, don't ask to be moved to another room. They act like you are getting the room for free and if you refuse this room they can't get you another.Overall, good budget choice but staff surliness is a real problem. Don't even ask for a map. And expect them to roll their eyes while you are talking. Really.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	3	3	1	1	2	

<Author>Trixie31
<Content>Good if you're on a budget and not expecting any extras... If you're looking for an affordable place to stay near a lot of stuff, this hotel is pretty good. Of course, don't expect any niceties. The staff is a bit unfriendly and rather unhelpful, my mother and I had a couple run-ins with them. They seemed to like to argue or talk you around in circles until you just gave up. So, we just avoided them as much as possible!That said, the hotel seemed clean and it was within walking distance of Leidseplein Square, museums (Van Gogh and Rijks), the Hard Rock, the Heineken brewery, Vondel Park, the casino and more. Breakfast came with the room, but it was pretty boring...bread...lots of bread...meat, cheese, eggs, cereal...and it never changed. By the last day, we just skipped it altogether and went out to eat. The only other thing I can think of is the towel situation. They were like sandpaper! And they gave you the bare minimum (2 big towels and 2 hand towels) and very few bath products (basically just soap and shampoo). Overall, though, the price paired with the location made for a decent stay.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	2	2	3	

<Author>conduit
<Content>Great location, good price, nice stay! Stayed at the Leidse Square for 6 nights. I got quite a good rate as I contacted the hotel directly.The location is really very nice in a quit Amsterdam street, just minutes away from the Leidse plein and public transport. All the museums are walking distance as well as the canals.The rooms are what you expect, everything you need and clean.The staff are great they really make the extra effort. The bar is also a nice place to have a few drinks before hitting the town.Breakfast is free (included in the price) also all you can eat and expect.Really an excellent choice for a good price.Only this hotel doesn't have only one star, I would think three would be a better rating.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>cjordan2
<Content>Perfect solution for 2 night stay Just spent 2 nights in Amsterdam at the end of a Rhine River cruise and this hotel was in a good location within easy walk of Leidseplein and the museums, shops, restaurants and several other areas of interest - also bus and trams were just in front of the American Hotel about a 5 minute walk away. The bus 197 or 370 to the airport was only 4 euros and from the Central Station to Leidseplein it was only 1.60 euros. The breakfast was nice - cereals, juices, fruit, yogurt, breads, cheeses, meats and eggs w coffee and tea. We had a nice room facing the front of the hotel which is on a quiet street in a pretty neighborhood. I would stay there again.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	-1	3	

<Author>taylorstl
<Content>Great Hotel !! We have stayed in Amsterdam a few times and this is by far the nicest hotel. The room was very clean and spacious and the breakfast was good. The best thing about this place though, is the location. It is off a suburban side street which makes it very quiet. So quiet infact that you would never know you are a 4 minute walk from Leidsplein and around the corner from Vondel Park. All public transportation is a block away. You never know what you are going to get in Amsterdam, so I was alittle nervous before we arrived but it was great and I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	3	3	

<Author>leigha1
<Content>Loved this hotel Ok when we arrived we were checked in within a few mins, reception staff very friendly and extremly helpful. Our room was on the 3rd floor to the back of the hotel. Lift a little slow but not a problem room was quite big with hugh window, tv, twin beds pushed together  safe in the wardrobe ( free of Charge ) bathroom fairly small with Power shower (one of the best I have had) toilet, whb  large mirror - there was also a hair dryer connected to the wall with a plug for a shaver - sachets of shampoo  showergel - shower caps and soap. towels were changed every day we were there.the breakfast was fine- breads, cold meats, cheeses, cereals, fruit, tea, coffee, milk, orange juice, apple juice etc.the bar was small but nice - very friendly staff - open 5pm - 1amIt was raining our 2nd day and the hotel loaned us a umberella for as long as we needed it.No smoking but there is a small bench at the front of the hotel beside the ash tray!! only five mins walk from leidseplein square  the tram stop.overall we loved this hotel and will deffinatly return!!!!!!!  
<Date>Oct 28, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>sarah-1975
<Content>Fab hotel Lovely Hotel, friendly reception staff. Our room was not huge but plently of room for 2, bathroom was an adeqate size aswell and it overlooked the tree lined street which was very nice. Room was very clean. It is situated in a quiet side street but only 5 min walk to the main leidsplein square. From central station catch the no 5, 1 or 2 tram to the square then get of and walk to the hotel. No tea or coffee in the room but you could get it from the bar. The bar area was quite small, but very cosy and welcoming. The breakfast area was a good size and we didnt have to queue for a table and there was plently of choice of hard boiled eggs, cereals, breads, cheese and ham etc. No eggs and bacon but still plenty to eat. There is a lift, but as we were only on the 1st floor we took the stairs. The rooms are very quiet and could hear anyone from any other rooms! This is our 3rd trip to Amsterdam and will definately be going again and would stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>GNTLondon
<Content>Good Location       Very small bathroom  
<Date>Sep 18, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>CapeKim
<Content>Great location and hotel! We stayed at the ACH Leidse Square Hotel for 3 nights recently. As other reviewers have noted, if you are looking for luxurious accomodations you would be better off booking elsewhere. But if you are seeking relatively inexpensive, clean, quiet accomodations. then this is a good choice for you. It is located on a quiet tree-lined street, but just walk around the corner and cross the street and you are in the Leidseplein, which we determiined, after walking all over Amsterdam, was our favorite spot for eating, beer-drinking, and people-watching, with all it's little eetcafes,  coffehouses, and outdoor dining terraces! The Holland Casino is very close by and canal boat tours launch from here also. We took the Connexxion bus (12 Euros PP) from Schipol airport which dropped us off right at the hotel door, but to economize even further you can take the train from the Airport to Central Station, and then a tram to the Leidseplein and walk the short distance to the hotel. The exterior of the hotel is very nice; the room we had on the fourth floor (there is a small lift, quite uncommon in Amsterdam) looked out on the street, and was air conditioned. The hotel offers rooms with and without air conditioning, and summer weather can vary in Amsterdam, we're told, although we experienced upper 60's with intermittent rain during our days there. Furnishings are very basic, but beds comfortable (two twins pushed together, which seems to be the case all over Europe) and linens clean. There was a small loveseat under the window which was very comfortable for reading, and a TV in the bedroom offering some English programs and news so that we could keep an eye on the hurricanes threatening our home state of Florida.The bathroom was very clean and water pressure good in the shower. Breakfast was included in the room rate and very welcomed, it included an assortment of bread and rolls, cold cuts and sliced cheeses, hot hard-boiled eggs, cereals, canned fruits, and juice and coffee. Even though the two breakfast rooms were bustling, we were always able to find a table to eat at. It was enough to start you going for the day, and if you tire of this breakfast you can always visit one of the pancake houses in the area to sample the famous Dutch pancakes! We loved Amsterdam and walking and exploring all its various areas and neighborhoods, but when we go back we agreed that we will stay right at the ACH Leidse Square Hotel!  
<Date>Sep 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	3	4	3	

<Author>JimmyH70
<Content>A bit of a rough start . . . When we made the reservation - and in subsequent emails - we told the hotel that all we really wanted a quiet room. The first room they gave us turned out to be next to the elevator and right above the bar, which was open until midnight. When we realized that and requested a change, we were informed that since it was after 11 in the morning, the cleaning staff had left so they wouldn't be able to get our room cleaned to re-sell that day and we'd have to stay in it that night. After much insistence on my part, they did give us another room, but it was a twin room, not the double we had reserved, with the advice to try and switch the next day. Not wanting to move again, we ended up staying in the twin room for the 4 nights. It was nothing special and could have used some refurbishing. All that being said, the rest of the stay was very good. The hotel has an excellent location, close to the major museums and public transportation, and the staff was generally very friendly and helpful in providing information. Although the only cooked food for breakfast was boiled eggs, there was a good assortment of items and the food was plentiful. We would stay there again, but would ask to check the room before accepting it.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	3	3	3	

<Author>abruls
<Content>The place to stay I had family over in Amsterdam, I live there myself, visitors I always put up at an hotel.This place has the best location you can wish for. A few minutes walk to the centre of town (canals) in a really nice neighbourhood. Breakfast was included and quite tasty. Rooms were clean and except for the lack of a coffee/tea maker they have everything you need. Staff were very pleasant and give you a really relaxed en welcome feeling. The bar is a nice place to have e few drinks before hitting the town.Best place for e reasonabel price.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>carisa23
<Content>Very nice hotel We were pleasantly surprised at our experience with this quaint hotel which is located in a quiet residential area. An airport shuttle dropped us off right in front so it was very convenient. The staff at the desk were very amiable and our room was spacious. The hotel is walking distance to eateries and a convenience store. Breakfast was good and we felt that what we paid was well worth it. We would definitely stay there again!  
<Date>Jul 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	3	5	5	4	

<Author>EliasRamirez
<Content>Not so good       Unconfortable mattress you could feel the iron pieces in your back  
<Date>Jun 29, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	3	3	2	1	

<Author>Marshmallow
<Content>Nice Hotel - Great Location Stayed in this hotel for a three day break. Although the hotel could possibly have been doing with a coat of paint and being a little more modern, i really could not fault the hotel.When going on a city break, you are very rarely in your hotel anyway, so as long as you have a comfortable bed and a nice, clean bathroom (of which this hotel ticked the boxes)- what more do you need.Breakfast served every morning from 7am-10am (continental) it was a very nice and varied selection.Just a very short walk from the main Leisde Square where you can find street entertainment, lots of nice cafes, bars and restaurants. You are also very close to the Vondelpark - again less than a five minute walk to the entrance.I would def return to this hotel and would recommend it to anyone wishing to find a hotel close to all the main attractions etc Amsterdam was great !!!  
<Date>Jun 21, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>JTSATLANTA
<Content>Should Be a 5 Star! Clean, Non-Smoking, large, central location to everything in Amsterdam and price was reasonable for area. Very friendly and helpful staff with a great sense of humor. Breakfast was go good and included in room rate. Definately recommend this hotel and will stay again on next trip to Amsterdam.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>txsunshine06
<Content>Pass on the ACH Leidse Square Pass on this hotel. The rooms are very small and dingy. We moved to the NH just around the corner and were much happier there.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	3	3	-1	

<Author>CurlyWarwickshire
<Content>Perfect City hotel I booked four nights at this hotel as a birthday surprise for my partner. Not having been to Holland or stayed in a city before I was very nervous about the choice I had made but need not have worried.The room was very clean, comfortably furnished, with cable TV, huge radiator and plenty of very very hot water (much needed as we had torrential rain and got soaked to the skin each day).The staff were very helpful and the breakfast was fantastic. Typical continental syle but loads of choice.The hotel was easy to find and very close to all the sites and I would definately book here again if I was ever to return to Amsterdam.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Bansteadfamily
<Content>Extremely pleased with this hotel We stayed here for 7 nights last week. The room we had was very clean and comfortable and there was enough room that we weren't tripping over our cases etc. Bathroom was fine and we had air conditioning. We knew from previous reviews that there were no tea and coffee facilities in the room so we took our own -no problem. The hotel has a luggage room to store bags if you arrive too early or need somewhere to store your bags between check out and homeward journey. The breakfast buffet was great -plenty on offer -all help yourself and went on til 10.30 which meant you could have a nice lazy start if you wanted. The reception staff were always helpful and there was always someone on duty. They have the quietest lift we''ve ever come across! The hotel is in the perfect location -a nice quiet residential road but with the main nightlife square just across the road. Very easy access to the trams and buses and right near The Rijksmuseum and the Van Gogh museum. The hotel were very good about answering e mails before we left. Rrequest a room not on the ground floor or basement and at the rear of the hotel if possible. Our room had a safe and a hair dryer and air conditioning -worth checking with your booking. We also opted for a non smoking room.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	-1	-1	

<Author>ctheworld88
<Content>Great Little Budget Hotel Having been to Amsterdam before, we wanted an affordable budget hotel close to the Leidseplein and attractions, but away from the noise. This hotel delivered on all counts. Situated behind the Marriott on a quiet residental street and only a 5 minute walk from the Leidseplein tram stop and museum square, the location is perfect. I have to caution, though, this is a budget hotel. The rooms and bathrooms are spotless, but are akin to an upscale hostel. It has minimalist decor and poor air-con, but the beds are comfortable, there is in-room television and paid movies, and a hairdryer and safe for valuables.Besides the terrific location, the hotel does have a small lift, a cute bar area, and both in-room Internet (for 10 Euros) or access in the lobby. The reception staff is very helpful and the breakfast included in the room rate is one of the best I have ever had at a European budget hotel. They offer a variety of fresh breads and rolls, meats and cheese, yogurt, hard boiled eggs, fruit, coffee and tea. There are attendants to keep the area clean and well-stocked, and it is available from 7-10:30 AM.If you are looking for clean, quiet, affordable budget accommodations with an excellent location, then this hotel is for you. However, if you are an upscale, picky traveler, then I would choose another hotel.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Diane-TA
<Content>Great location  We booked 4 double rooms and the difference between the rooms was staggering, from the spacious to the cubby hole, although we all paid the same rate 109 Euros per night bed and breakfast. Due to the poor exchange rate this seemed rather expensive for this class of hotel. The location was great and so was the breakfast buffet. All rooms were clean and some of the staff were friendly. We were able to leave our luggage in a locked room until we were ready to depart.The public transport is excellent and we did not find the walk from the tram to the hotel any problem. The hotel is located behind the Mariott hotel.We ate at Pinocciho's Italian restaurant in Rembrandt Square. the food was delcious but the waiters looked as if they wanted to be elsewhere. We also ate at Hard Rock Cafe by our hotel, The food and service here was terrible and expensive.It seemed that everyone in Amsterdam was smoking, which was unpleasant. Their no smoking in public places ban comes into force on July 1st. We would use the hotel again but ideally the exchange rate needs to improve for us to holiday in Europe again.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	5	4	2	-1	

<Author>khal88
<Content>Good Value/Location As far as hotels in Amsterdam go, it is a great value. The hotel is clean, provides comfortable accommodations, and is in a great location to get to museums. They provide breakfast and the desk was helpful in guiding us when needed. Their business services were also accommodating. I really have nothing bad to say - it was clean, cheap, and a great location.  
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>Kasturi
<Content>Good Place to stay, esp. Location We booked the hotel through booking.com, which contains photos and reviews. So we knew pretty much what to expect.Plus points:Decent size double rooms ( at least ours was). Clean sheets and bathroom was also clean.Very near to Liede Square, the centre of night life. So you feel safe a;nd among the crowds.Bit off the main road. so very quiet. You can get a good night;s sleep.Minus:Even for May, the room was very hot, so we had to keep the windows open. So better to book an AC roomSometimes, the bathrooms stink ( probably the drainage problem is common throughout amsterdam)Not very good if you wish to spend much time in Hotel - No room service, dinner not served at nights etc.Overall a good experience; value for money hotel. Clean and the staff were quite helpful  
<Date>May 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Doc4
<Content>Great location       The hotel is on a quite side street very near main streets.  
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>BigFatBudgie
<Content>Avoid ! Avoid ! Avoid !       Bathroom  
<Date>May 1, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	5	1	2	1	-1	

<Author>tmaslow
<Content>Nice Hotel At first my husband and I were a little taken aback - we booked a double bed room and it was minute - so we change to two twin beds pushed together and then the room was decent size - we even had a table and 2 chairs.The staff was really really helpful and everything was very comfortable. The only thing that was not so great was the price - the hotel was in my books pretty expensive - especially for two twin beds pushed togetherI would for sure recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>UMgirl
<Content>Excellent Value for the Money Got an excellent deal for 5 nights at this hotel. We paid with credit card when we arrived at no extra charge. We were first given a double room which was VERY small. I was not very happy with this room. Since we were staying 4 more nights, I waited until the next afternoon and asked to be moved to a bigger room. They said no problem but I had to wait until the next morning. The next day we were moved to a very large room(twin) with 3 windows, table and chairs, desk and lots of room. So be aware the rooms here vary. The beds were not the best but not the worst. The bathroom was a decent size and the water pressure was good. I found the staff to be attentive and friendly and always around. You had to leave your key when you left each time but it wasn't a problem and I liked the safety feature. At night we never waited more than a min. or 2 to be buzzed in. We had breakfast most mornings, which consisted on coffee, juices, lots of breads, cheese, spreads, cereal and yogurt. Plenty to start your day. Location of hotel was great as well, right next to the Mariott in a quiet neighborhood. Overall at the price we paid we would stay here again as long as we got the bigger room.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>allielynn
<Content>Nice hotel Central location, just two minutes to walk from Leidseplein. Our triple room was very spacious and clean. However, our room was in the basement of the hotel, next to the kitchen and underneath the breakfast room. The noice woke us up at 6 am every morning, which was pretty annoying! So if you book this hotel, be sure that you dont get a room in the basement!  
<Date>Feb 20, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ThePhilosopherKing
<Content>Excellent Hotel I'd just like to add my own positive review of this hotel to add to the many others. This is an excellent 3 star hotel which is the best I've stayed in in Amsterdam (having been there 5 times). It simply couldn't be any better without adding features that would make it a four star.Location: You just can't fault it. The hotel is very well located in a beautiful, quiet, leafy street which is 2 minutes from the Vondel Park, the Leidseplein and the museums. The hotel: Most hotels in Amsterdam are very tall and narrow buildings which struggle to function as a hotel because of a lack of space. Anyone who has stayed in Amsterdam before will know this. This hotel however is much larger than normal and is the width of 4 buildings together which means that there is ample room for a breakfast room, a bar and a lift which you can get more than 2 people in.The breakfast: A very well organised and well laid out affair with a selection of meats, breads, cheeses, tea, coffee etc. The room and tables are very spacious and you don't feel you are fighting for food as you do in some hotels.The rooms: My room was a decent size and very clean. The hotel photos don't do it justice. The only minor downside was the bathroom which was just a shower and possibly the smallest smallest room I've ever seen but then it was clean and did everything I needed it to do. I think other rooms in the hotel are different sizes because the building is over a hundred years old and its upper floors use the attic space. I saw two rooms when I was there and both were fine.The staff: Helpful and courteous at the front desk; invisible and efficient everywhere else: just the way I like it.I think this hotel is well worth its price and if you are staying 2 or 3 days for some sightseeing then look no further. If you want a wild, hash fuelled party then go somewhere else.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>xgeorgeAthens
<Content>Great value hotel I stayed at the Leidse Square during the last week of January 2008. After searching a lot on the Internet, I found that this hotel was 30% cheaper than other nearby hotels that were highly rated on TripAdvisor, so I was a bit apprehensive. Well, this paid off, the hotel was a fantastic value for Amsterdam. It is located in a quiet street, walking distance to the Museum Square (and having wandered all over Amsterdam, I'm very happy that I stayed there and not in some of the other hotels that I considered). A 5 minute walk will take you to the Leidse Square, which is lively, if not exactly picturesque - still, you can find something to eat, drink or buy even late into the night. Leidse Square is served by 3 tram lines running to the central train station (10-15 minutes, depending on traffic), passing close to most of the other Amsterdam sights. My only complaint from the hotel was that the beds were too soft; it was otherwise excellent: regular cleaning, helpful reception, payment exactly as indicated on the hotel's reservation system and good breakfast (I went to breakfast at both 7am and at 9:30am, no lack of seating space and the buffet was regularly restocked). I would recommend this hotel to anyone traveling to Amsterdam, unless if they were planning to hang around in the red light district.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>JeanneAlbi
<Content>Great Location Great hotel, great location. The rooms were spacious, quiet and breakfast was excellent. The location is superb, minutes from Leidseplein, but in a quiet residential location.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>drzen
<Content>Not the deal it seems... We stayed here last June and the hotel seemed pretty okay. Our recent stay, however, was not that great. The rates ranged from 119 to 69 Euros during our stay, which was competitive for Amsterdam.The first room we were in had a double bed. However, the mattress was so bad that a spring was protruding and made the night not very pleasant. We changed rooms the next day, but had 2 single beds pushed together. Not very romantic! We found these mattresses not much better. I would never consider buying a mattress of such low quality for myself. This hotel management does not seem to understand the importance of a comfortable bed for it's guests!The hotel is essentially a tourist hotel (tour groups). Breakfasts were such a nightmare with crowds of avaricious tourists, that we ended up skipping some breakfasts and eating outside the hotel. It was disgusting watching some of the tourists. One morning, two guys split the equivalent of a full loaf of bread between themselves.The housekeeping staff were fine. The desk clerks varied from helpful and friendly to a couple of curt staff. We originally had 2 separate reservations, which were collapsed into 1 reservation and then during check-out the clerk tried to charge us 10 Euro (per night) extra for our last two nights than the amount listed on our reservation. She did make the change, but had we not checked the bill, we would have paid more than we should have.I won't stay here again...there are better deals to be had with more comfortable beds.  
<Date>Jan 12, 2008
<Rating>1	2	1	3	3	2	2	3	

<Author>Nick30_2
<Content>Nice hotel - awful staff The hotel was excellent - great breakfast, tidy and clean rooms. However, we did have problems with the cleaners. Our door was once left open by the cleaners for approx. 7 hours. The receptionist just asked if something was stolen, but didn't offer an apology. When leaving, our bill didn't sum up to what we expected, therefore we wanted to have some time to double-check. The recepionist (another one) became unfriendly and prompted me to pay. After leaving the hotel I checked the bill again and we had been charged a wrong nightly rate - charging us over 100 Euro more. The receptionist then argued that the website through which we had booked sounded 'odd' (the website was easytobook). She then finally agreed to cancel the previous payment. Therefore 'never again'  
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>HolidayKel
<Content>Hidden treasure in Amsterdam I selected this hotel based mostly on the reviews that I had read on trip advisor and we werent disappointed! My boyfriend and i travel a lot and have become reliant on this website before making a final decision about accommodation.Leidse Square hotel is a great little treasure in a brilliant location. Only a few mins walk from the wonderful bars, restaurants and shopping of Leidse Sq itself, the hotel is tucked away in a quiet residential area and surrounded by a number of other boutique style establishments.The rooms are basic but very clean and tidy and contain everything you need when staying away from home (ie: comfortable bed, powerful shower and pleasant surrounding). The staff were friendly and helpful and allowed us to leave our bags in a secure area until our room was ready.Amsterdam is amazing and I cant wait to go back! the beautiful canals, cobbled streets and flower markets are great for just browsing and taking in the sights. We sampled a number of bards and restuarants that were all of a high standard and very reasonably priced. We visited the red light district in the evening but were quite disappointed and felt it is over rated and will quite happily visit Amsterdam again and not venture in to this area of the city.Overall a great place for a weekend break and I will definitely be staying at this hotel again.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>SBCATraveler
<Content>Friendly, Comfortable, Great Location Hotel This was our second time to Amsterdam within 6 months. The last hotel we stayed in Amsterdam, we did not like at all. We wanted a hotel in the Leidseplein area because we had a concert to go to at the Melkweg. We found the Leidse Square Hotel on booking.com. Of course we checked with Trip Advisor before booking, which gave it a pretty good review. We figure it had to be better than the last place we stayed in. The room rate was excellent it was only 89 euro per night for a double room and it included breakfast. We arrived in the early morning after a night flight and our room wasn't ready, so we asked if they could recommend a place for us to get some breakfast. The hotel staff said isn't our breakfast good enough for you? We said since we have not checked into the hotel yet, we didn't think we could eat here. They said, please go have some breakfast!! The breakfast was fresh bread, meats, cheese, fruit, yogurt, coffee, juices etc. It was a prefect beginning to trip. When we did check into the room we were surprised how large the room was for a European room. It had a comfortable bed and large bathroom. There was some wear on the carpet, but the room was clean and had two big windows over looking a courtyard. The staff was extremely friendly and helpful. We enjoyed being on a quiet street, but close to shopping, restaurants, sites, clubs, bars etc. We walked to almost everything. We did take the tram to central Amsterdam once. The tram stop is a 5 minute walk away. All in all our stay was wonderful and we will definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>terracotta_army
<Content>Nice hotel in quiet location We stayed at this hotel in August 2007. Stayed in a standard double room. Room was reasonable size and both room and bathroom were clean and comforatable. Staff were fairly friendly. The complimentary breakfast was verynice - good choice of food with Dutch cheeses also available! Location was great - on a quiet street but only a minutes walk to busy Liedsplein and then on towards the main sights. So not far from the thick of things. Probably about 40 minutes walk back up to the train station. In all, a good hotel for the money and probably would stay there again if we ever returned to Amsterdam.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>maryocCork
<Content>This hotel was fantastic This hotel has a perfect location, just around the corner from leidse square, which has lots of bars and night life. I really liked the staff and found them very friendly and helpful, Beware of bag stealersin the bars though, 2 of our gang of 10 had handbags stolen from theirchairs...  
<Date>Nov 13, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Jerseymick
<Content>Good Location Only stayed here one night on route to Berlin, I have been to Amsterdam a few times and always try and book a different hotel each time in other parts of town. I was quite impressed with the location of this hotel, I like it around the Vondel park and museum plein, good chilling spots. The hotel was clean and the rooms were clean and tidy, Never had breakfast I prefer the little Dutch bakeries for a later breakfast. Location is important to me when booking a city hotel and with the help of tripadvisor you can usually get the right balance with location and cleanliness and this hotel falls into that category for me.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	5	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>msjolie
<Content>Love this hotel! We've stayed in this hotel twice and would highly recommend it.It's near the interesting Leidse Square but in a quiet location ..Tram stop nearby and lots of attractions within walking distance (comfortable shoes necessary for the cobblestones!)The hotel is clean and bright. We requested AC and got it each time. The continental breakfast was good.The staff were really helpful and friendly.The hotel is also on theairport shuttle bus route.Would stay here again ......  
<Date>Oct 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	-1	5	5	4	

<Author>Cityh0ppers
<Content>Fantastic hotel We've just come back from a 2 night stay in this hotel. I had seen some very different reviews on the hotel so was hoping for the best. The hotel is great. Rooms were spacious and clean bathroom was very clean and big enough, great powerful shower!The staff were very helpful and the breakfast was great. Plenty of choice and really nice food.Location couldn't have been better, we were very close to the Vondel park and the Leidseplein was less then a 3 min walk away. The rijksmuseum and Heineken experience is also within 5mins walking distanceI have stayed in Amsterdam numerous times and always in the same hotel which was unavailable for the dates this time. I would definately stay in this hotel again and would recommend it to anyone.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2007
<Rating>5	3	4	5	3	4	3	3	

<Author>OldManCuba
<Content>Leidse Square hotel was wonderful! We spent seven nights in mid-July at the Leidse Square hotel, in a standard double room. The room was clean, modern, relatively spacious, and quite well-furnished. We were impressed by the high ceilings and big windows. Even the elevator was large enough to fit two suitcases as well as the two of us, which is unusual for small-ish European hotels...I mean, those that even have an elevator. The hotel staff were helpful and quite friendly, and you can't beat the location: on a quiet street, but just a three minute walk from the Leidseplein, and about the same distance to the Vondelpark. It was very easy to get anywhere in the city by tram or on foot (plus you could rent bicycles nearby). Just be careful crossing the streets - the pedestrian crosswalks can be quite confusing, especially when you're jetlagged. The Museumplein was also very close. The breakfast (included) was basic but filling: toast, buns, cheese, hardboiled egss, cereals etc. We have no complaints about this hotel, and in fact we have no problem recommending it to others.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Pfss
<Content>Loved the ACH Leidse We just spent 4 nights in a superior top floor room at the Leidse Square and found it to be a great Hotel. Location was good, 5 mins walk to Museums, VonDel Park, and Leidse plein square which was perfect for us.Lovely , large top floor room, A/C, lovely bathroom, and 3 windows looking over different views of Amsterdam. The only downside was lack of hospitality tray, but as i knew that when I booked, I took a travel kettle and suplies with me so I could enjoy my early morning cuppa.As we were driving, we parked at the Olympisch Stadion PR, you get up to 2 return tram tickets to the centre.and that ensures you get parking at a rate of 5.50 euros per 24 hour period up to a maximum of 96 hours. What a bargain!! We got Tram 16 to the Concert Hall and it was then about 10 minutes walk to Hotel.Tha tram driver even gave us a map and explained which way to go.We walked eveywhere, and found it really easy to get across town from this hotel, without getting worn out. I would definitely recommend this Hotel to anyone who appreciates being close to the action, but just far enough away to get a good nights sleep.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Noelsy
<Content>Great hotel for the money Booked this hotel from Trip Advisor and was pleasantly surprised. The Room was up under the roof at the back and very quiet and recently decorated. The only complaint was no shower curtin so the floor got messy. Like most hotels in Amsterdam it had lots of stairs and no porters. The staff at reception were very helpful, cheerful and know the city. The bar tender was also very helpful, cheerful and good company. Breakfast was good but the only hot food was boiled eggs. We enjoyed Amsterdam and used the maps supplied by hotel and the Metro and found the city very friendly and enjoyable and will go again.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>vanderwal
<Content>Quite Enjoyable I was moved to this hotel from one of its sister hotels that had over booked. I was there during a heatwave and on the top floor (no air conditioning), but aside from the heat it was a really enjoyable hotel. Judging from the breakfast room I was the only American staying at the hotel at that time, which means the service and amenities are not aimed at American tastes and expectations.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>BayWalkerScotland
<Content>Try the Leidse Square Located in a quiet, leafy street close to Leidse Square and the Vondelpark, the Leidse Square is within easy reach of the City Centre and there are lots of amenities nearby. I spent 6 nights there (a part-business, part-pleasure kind of a trip), had a good room, enjoyed the Continental-style buffet breakfasts and found the staff friendly and helpful. The only downside really was the shower cubicle - a bit on the small side for me.  
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	3	

<Author>louthemoo
<Content>Perfect Hotel in Amsterdam Easy hotel to find, quiet location but still near enough to public transport and bars/restaurants/shops. Large clean rooms with plenty of towels and fresh linen, good fresh breakfast, helpful and friendly staff. Would definately stay here again and would recommend it to anyone.  
<Date>May 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Offpiste
<Content>Not Bad April 15-20, 2007: We recently stayed several nights and were pleasantly surprised. We had researched several other hotels via the web in the hopes of finding a hotel near the city center but a little away from the late night noise. This hotel was perfect! The location was great. You can use the local public transportation system to reach the hotel from either the airport or Central Station. From the Central Station use Trams 1,2, or 5 and get off at the Leidseplein stop. A short walk from there you reach the hotel which is directly behind the Marriot. Breakfast is nothing special other than it being included in the price. It typically consisted of breads, meats and cheeses, yogart, hard boiled eggs, and a meager selection of cereal. You also get juices and coffee. The best thing about the hotel is its location and easy access to the Leidseplein which is where you have numerous choices for restaurants and the local public tram lines.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>suncolad
<Content>Don't bother We booked a superior room thinking it would be the best. Wrong! There were no tea or coffee making facilities in the rooms and the hotel generally had a gloomy atmosphere. The staff were a little helpful but didn't go out of their way. The room was cold and dank. I was more than dissapointed for the money we paid and would not reccomend it to anyone.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	2	2	2	3	

<Author>JD1999
<Content>Great location I'd read some reviews saying that rooms were small and dirty so I was a little apprehensive. Our room was quite large, having 3 windows looking out of the back of the hotel and so was very quiet. Although the furnishings were perhaps in need of an update, the room was clean. The bathroom was large. It was good that there was a separate area for smokers in the breakfast room. There was a good selection of food here. The staff were friendly and very helpful too. I would have no hesitation staying here again.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>LsaKingswinford
<Content>Good location Perfect location in good area of Amsterdam. Breakfast better than expected. Staff friendly and helpful. Rooms clean and warm, (it was bitterley cold with snow)! Our friends had much larger and more superior room than ours for the same price. Know we should have mentioned it to Reception staff but did not. Felt we paid over the top but enjoyed our 3 night stay very much. Loads of places to eat locally and lots to enjoy even in bad weather. Got tram and train back to Airport.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	4	-1	-1	

<Author>maureen2004
<Content>Great Hotel 12 females visited this hotel and every detail of the hotel was excellent. The toilets were very clean, fresh towels were given every day, staff were very friendly and most helpful and the dining room was very clean and the food was great value for money with plenty choices for everyone. Great experience and very central for all tourist attractions. The Heineken Brewery is a must to visit.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>wherekatywent
<Content>Leidse Sq = Great! Having read the reviews on here after booking we were a bit panicked and didn't know what to expect, but the hotel is great! We checked in at midnight on a Friday, the room was clean and quiet, the hotel location is ideal, and the staff are friendly and helpful. Breakfast is ok, had better, had worse. We booked through Hotel Connect, the whole system ran smoothly from start to finish and I'd recommend them too. We paid about 180 for 3 nights, bargain.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PKinsey
<Content>A pleasant suprise This hotel is in a great location, away from the general noise of Amsterdam at night, but just a few minutes walk away from one of the citys main squares. The staff were great and answered any questions we asked, the room was spotless and cleaned daily. The breakfast was good enough to keep us going till dinnertime. For the price we paid for the whole package I was expecting the hotel to be a bit naff, but it was perfect to use as a base to see the city. All in all great value and a great location..  
<Date>Mar 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>puppy88
<Content>Better than expected... From reading other reviews we weren't expecting anything special... but turned out to be better than expected. Rooms were pleasant but basic, would've liked a kettle and we had a room with no bath so were a little disappointed there. However the room was very clean, spacious and the hotel was quiet. Location was perfect- close to the center yet tucked away in a quiet street so no noise. Breakfast was basic but ok, staff spoke good english and were relatively friendly. I would recommend this hotel to anyone going to Amsterdam but don't expect anything luxury!  
<Date>Mar 7, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	3	5	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>nobbycox
<Content>Great Service A small group of us stayed at the hotel at the beginning of March on a 3 for 2 night stay.The hotel is ideally located for visiting both the Rijksmuseum and Van Gogh Museum, which are within 10-15 mins walk. There is also some exclusive shopping along PC Hooftstraat. It is also only 5 mins walk to Leidseplein with its busy bars and a further 2 mins to streets that are lined with restaurants that cater for almost any tastes. The hotel rooms were pretty basic, approximately the same as travelodge rooms in the UK. They were kept clean and were very comfortable. Breakfast was included and was Continental style and items were constantly replenished. The bar of the hotel is cosy, with room for about 12-15 people, but is kept well stocked. The staff at the hotel were very friendly and quite frankly couldnt have been more helpful. The service we received really made our trip, and we will certainly be returning here for our next stay in Amsterdam.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>AmieB
<Content>Great fun! We stayed here as we came for a short break to see Kasabien on Monday 29th Feb. The hotel is in a great location. We got a taxi from the airport which cost 40 euros, about 28 i think. Its right next to the square. The rooms are basic but for a flying visit it was fine. The bar is small but we had a lot of fun there. It should close at 1am but we came back and was sat up til 3.30am with the barman - who i should add is lovely. I called him Stellios but im not sure his real name! The staff are really polite and welcoming and made us feel at ease. We never had breakfast so cant comment on that but my friends did and said it was really nice. Fresh bread, cheese etc The Irish pub in the square does a nice fry up if you fancy that. Overall i would stay here again if i was only staying for a few days as it accomodates what i need, and the staff make it that bit nicer.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Sherwoodbird
<Content>Great location! Great location base from which to explore Amsterdam. Basic amenities, but that was all we needed for a City break. Rooms were clean and serviced, breakfast was provided and there was plenty to fill up on. For the price we paid it was a great value for money and the reception staff were very helpful in answering questions, booking taxis etc. The only grumble was that there was a lot of noise in the night due to other guests coming back late!  
<Date>Feb 5, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>Antho204
<Content>Pleasant experience The hotel is well situated and convenient for either walking or public transport. The staff are very pleasant and helpful. Rooms are clean, and breakfast was more than adequate. We arrived early so had the pick of the rooms. I would suggest rooms above the first level. All in all, if I was to visit Amsterdam again, I would have no hesitation in re-booking the `Leidse Square Hotel.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>WLGLeedsEngland
<Content>This hotel is fine We stayed for three nights at the end of January and can not understand the negative reviews. The staff were very friendly and helpful. Maybe it is the way you approach them. The Scottish lady who is head housekeeper is a real gem. Try to avoid the basement and ground floor rooms, they are very noisyWe were on the third floor and the rooms were clean and adequate and the breakfast of meats and cheese with fresh bread and rolls was excellent.The position is very good and we can stongly reccomend the Indonesian restaurant which is three minutes walk away ( next to the Marriot,) it is a real experience. Expensive but excelent. It is called Raden Mas.Try to arrive early and you are more likely to have your pick of rooms.If you havent been to Amsterdam before take note that when walking around the city bicycles rule!  
<Date>Jan 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	4	5	3	

<Author>Eileen-Mark
<Content>Bit Hit and Miss We stayed here for 4 nights on a city break. Upon arrival we were told our room was in the basement. We had a look and found what could only be described as a store room that had a bed in it. The heat was also stifling due to the boiler room or some other noisy room being next door. The room was so stuffy we knew we could not possible sleep there. Another big problem was the smell of smoke. When booking online I had requested a non-smoking room. We went straight to reception and were told that all rooms are cleaned with some chemical that takes away the smell of smoke??? - it obviously does not work! She told us that she had no double rooms left only twin. We had a look and found a much nicer room on the second floor - beds can be pushed together!After our initial start, our stay was ok. Breakfast was basic continental - nothing special. The staff were not particularly friendly but I found this to be the case in Amsterdam in general!. As it was a city break, we were out most of the day and the location was perfect. Had we been staying closer to Dam Square, we would probably not have seen this beautiful area. We walked into Dam Square each day and it took only 15 mins. The walk also takes you down the Kaalvastraat (the main shopping street) so perfect all round.One thing I would recommend visitiors to Amsterdam not to miss is the tour of the Heineken Brewery. I am not a beer drinker but we felt when in Rome........ and it is the best tour of this kind I have ever been on - something for everyone - kids included! Would I stay at this hotel again - maybe?  
<Date>Jan 5, 2007
<Rating>2	3	3	5	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>hansthomasoddsen
<Content>Loved it ! We had a wonderful stay, so I can understand some of the bad reviewsStayed 4 nights in a big double room on the 4.floor. Breakfast was good, and the staffs were polite and friendly. Location was excellent.Would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>125
<Content>disgusting 1st room, rude staff we booked into this hotel for 2 nights, our 1st room was not ready, had stains in the bed from the previous nights activity's! stinking and full of rubbish, when we informed staff they were rude and condescending. basic breakfast. i would not recommend this hotel- to anybody!!  
<Date>Nov 27, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>TravelFreq
<Content>Corrupt Business Practice While visiting friends in Belgium, we decided to take a trip to the Netherlands and visit Amsterdam. We waited until we got there to find a hotel in an area we thought would be best. Many of the hotels we went to (Marriott, Park, etc.) were already booked. We found the Leidse Square Hotel and were told there were two rooms left and the rate would be ?49 + 5% for each room. We opted to take the last two rooms, one right inside the front door and one in the basement. The basement room smelled moldy and there was continuous employee traffic throughout the night opening and closing squeaky doors. The ground floor room wasn't bad with the exception of the midnight gathering of about a dozen people. My complaint came upon checkout. When we checked out of the hotel, we were given a bill of ?75 + 5%. When questioned, the female desk clerk stated that was always the room rate. The mistake we made was not getting the price quote in writing.I sent an email to the hotel requesting an explantation for this and have yet to receive an answer almost one week later.If you decide to stay in this hotel, be sure you have pre-paid or get the price quote in writing. However, based on my experience, I would avoid all Amsterdam City Hotel properties.Should I receive a satisfactory reply from this hotel to my inquiry, I will gladly post it here.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	4	2	4	2	-1	

<Author>SJhulawahine
<Content>Location, Location, Location After researching hours online (and on tripadvisor!), we finally settled on Leidse Square Hotel during our stay in Amsterdam. We were not disappointed! The hotel is located in a quiet section of town but only 1 block away from the hustle and bustle of Leidseplein. Location was perfect...we walked almost everywhere....Van Gough museum, Red Light district, Anne Frank's house, etc. We asked for and received 2 double rooms next to each other. The rooms were spacious and air conditioned. The bathroom was on the small side but it had a great shower/tub. Our room faced behind the hotel (not street side) which basically looked into the yards and other buildings across the way. But that didn't bother us, we didn't stay in our room to look at the view! There is a (small) elevator located in the building but it was easier for us to just use the stairs. The breakfast room was big with a lot of seats. One morning we ate in the BR, the other morning I took some food up to our room since we were running late. Breakfast consisted of various breads, lunchmeat, cheeses, hard boiled eggs, cereal, coffee, tea, juice, milk and yogurt. The receptionists were very helpful, always pulling out a map to show us where to go, how to get there, etc.Taxi from Central train station to the hotel cost us 20euros. Taxi from hotel to airport was 35euros. Trams 1,2 and 5 stop about a block from the hotel (they are so easy to use!) and go just about everywhere in the city. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay in Amsterdam. Try shopping around for gifts, we found that some things were cheaper at the Floating Flower market. We had a very nice dinner at Season's located on Herengracht (not sure of the spelling?) and people watching while having a hagan daaz cone was one of the best ways to spend the evening.Enjoy your stay!  
<Date>Sep 28, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>johnbrit
<Content>clean friendly and good location pretty good  
<Date>Sep 26, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Lucy&Chris
<Content>Great Hotel, Great Location, Great Breakfast! After a good half hour looking for the hotel with limited means of direction (just head for the Mariott hotel, turn left by the Byzantium apartments and follow road down) we arrived. We booked through HotelConnect.co.uk and requested a non-smoking double bedroom, although we had previously been advised that the rooms were mainly twin beds pushed together. We were pleasantly surprised to have a nice double bedroom on the second floor overlooking the quiet street. The bedroom was fairly basic with a bed, two chairs, a small table and a wardrobe but was pretty clean. The TV also had a number of free English channels. The bathroom was also very clean with full sized bath and a decent shower connection. The location, just off Leidse Sqaure, is great for evenings out with hundreds of bars and restaurants everywhere you turn. It's also a great place for shopping with many designer shops in the area. Also, if you decide to tour the city on a hop-on, hop-off Canal Bus (it's well worth it and can bee booked from the TIC for 17 euros per person) there's a stop just a short walk from the hotel.The breakfast (served between 7:00 and 10:00am) is superb with lots of choice: different types of bread/toast, croissants, pastries, cheese, ham, salami, preserves, fruit, fruit salad, cereal, hot drinks and fruit juices!As we were out for most of the day and there was no restaurant at the hotel and only a small bar, we did not really deal with the staff, although on check-in and check-out they were always pleasant.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rpppatriarca
<Content>Lost my mobile The hotel was ok. The first night they forgot to clean the room, but the rest of service was good. The major problem is that I forgot my mobile in the room when i checked out, but after I'd came back 20 minutes later they said there was no mobile phone there... well, I'm very sure I forgot my phone there and they are very sure the phone wasn't there...  
<Date>Sep 10, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	3	2	4	2	3	

<Author>Kimmie28
<Content>Awesome!! Me and my 4 friends stayed here on a girlie weekend, the rooms were great and the air con rocked! If there are 3 of you travelling, make sure you try and get room 101, it is a triple room and it is huge. The staff were really friendly and helpful, and the location is great, would defiantly stay in this hotel again.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	3	-1	

<Author>lauraSwansea
<Content>Loved Amsterdam, pity about Leidse Square Hotel my daughter and i have just returned from mini-break in amsterdam, staying at the leidse square hotel.good points as follows;very central position, easy to walk to all major attractionsstaff were polite and helpfultransfer to and from airport easy using shuttle bus, 12 euro single/ 19 euro return, saving time and energy using train and tram servicebad points;room was very smallno air conditioning, just a small, rattly fanwe asked for a quiet room, however every morning were woken @ 0700 by workmen using power tools outsideoverall although we enjoyed our holiday,if i were returning to amsterdam, i would not stay in this hotel again unless i was guaranteed a larger, quieter room plus air-conditioning.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great for a couple of nights! We booked this hotel as part of a package on the internet, it was reasonably priced and in a nice quiet residential area. It is very near the Hard Rock Cafe. The staff were friendly and allowed us to leave our luggage in a locked room prior to checking in. This enabled us to start our weekend without having to hang around for check in time. Amsterdam is a lovely place to visit.It costs approx 40 Euros in a taxi from the airport or you can get the train to Central Station.All in all the hotel was fine for a couple of nights but any longer and I would need it to be a little cleaner....  
<Date>Jul 6, 2006
<Rating>3	4	2	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great My boyfriend and I have stayed at this hotel twice now, in the exact same room, and loved it. It's in a really nice place and close to everything and the staff there are extremely helpful. We are now thinking about going back to Amsterdam and are yet again considering going to the same hotel just because of it's friendly attitude and respect for us, despite us being quite young (18 and 20). I would definitely reccomend this hotel to anyone!  
<Date>Jul 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>hmmmmm
<Content>unexpectedly good! When we got to this hotel we were tired, and very grouchy, because we got transferred from the hotel across the street (the Owl) to this hotel because of doublebooking fiasco (pls see the review for the Owl I wrote, the Owl staff was very courteous to us upon the fiasco I have to give them credit!).The staff at the reception was calm when handling disgruntled and difficult customers (=us) who were so tired and also doubtful of whether the room we will be given instead on one at the other hotel would be any good.We got a room at this hotel, which was facing the street on the ground floor. The street was quiet, so we didn't have any problem sleeping (I am a sensitive sleeper). The decor was no frills, but not distasteful. My husband really liked the comforter they provided (it was quite comfy!). The mattress may be too soft for some, but I like soft mattresses so it was okay. The high ceiling was nice, too. TV worked fine, the water pressure was good, and I enjoyed the big bathtub. I have not stayed in other hotels in Amsterdam, but it was very spacious compared to some of the small 3-star hotel rooms I stayed in London before. The breakfast was also quite civilized. The coffee was nice and strong, and my favorite Dutch cheese (with cumin seeds) were generously supplied at the breakfast buffet. I also liked their orange juice with lots of pulp. Most of the staff were very friendly. Even the one that looked aloof turned out to be very helpful and kind.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Yanni
<Content>Great value for money My friend and I stayed here for 3 nights in March (2006) and had a great time. This hotel offers great rates and you get a lot for your money - a spacious, clean room with a great view and breakfast included. It's minutes away from the beautiful Vondelpark and Leidseplein, and has the benefit of being in a quiet street so there's no noise at night. There's a lift up to the room if you've got heavy bags, and the stairways are spacious and easy to get up. The staff speak several languages and were very polite. It's probably not the best place to stay if you want everything Amsterdam has to offer on your doorstep, but if you're willing to walk for a few minutes it's ideal! I'd definately stay here again.  
<Date>May 16, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>marci0131
<Content>Great quiet hotel close to everything. My husband and I just returned from Amsterdam and we really enjoyed our stay at this hotel. It is in a quiet area yet only 2 blocks away from the center of nightlife. I like to party but then get away from the noise when it's time to go to sleep. When we arrived we were told we had a smoking room but after asking nicely for a non-smoking room we were given one without a problem. We found the staff to be really friendly. There is a small bar downstairs but we never went to it since there were so many bars and coffeshops nearby. Extremely close to the museums and the Heinekin brewery and tons of great places to eat within 3 blocks. The room and bathroom was very clean. We were on the 3rd floor facing the street and there was no outside noise. There is one elevator but it takes awhile so we usually just used the stairs. The breakfast that is included was pretty good. They have an assortment of breads, rolls, jams, juices, cheeses, cold cuts, fruit, coffe and tea. Most importantly they had a smoking and non-smoking section so you didn't have to hold your breathe while you ate. I made my reservation online through an internet site but found out that if you call them directly their prices were lower. Would stay here again.  
<Date>May 11, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Cres
<Content>Excelent for city break       House Boat  
<Date>May 4, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Horrible stay, bad staff Rooms are horrible, staff is unwiling to assist. Hotel did not have my booking despite they had confirmed it themselves by e-mail. Manager first wanted to book me out to a 2 star hotel but after refusing I got I think the worst room in the place.Breakfast no very much choice.Would never stay at this hotel again  
<Date>Apr 28, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>missjenni
<Content>Would recommend to my friends! A friend and I stayed at the Leidse Square Hotel this past Easter Bank Holiday. For the price, you couldn't ask for anything better: bright  comfortable rooms, basic breakfast buffet, and friendly staff. It is located in a lovely quiet neighborhood in the Museum Quarter and in very short walking distance from the Rijksmuseum, van Gough Museum, and excellent shopping on the Kalverstraat and Leidsestraat. The TimeOut Guide has an excellent list of local restaurants. Highly recommend Bagels  Beans on Van Baerlestraat for your morning coffee!  
<Date>Apr 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great convenient location - OK for price to value ratio We stayed in this hotel at the end of March 2006. We recommend people staying at this hotel.Pros:- It's centrally located. Very easy to find with good tram network. We actually took the bus Interliner 370 to this hotel (Leidseplein stop), about 5 mins walk. We think the 370 bus is a better alternative than the train from the Schiphol Airport since it's cheaper (5 strips if you get the strip ticket at the bookstore in the Airport. 15 strips on 1 ticket costs Euro 6.70) and you do not need to transfer (Good when you have luggages). The bus ride was quick (about 25 mins) and painless.- The rooms are good size in Europe. - Staff was very helpful.- Not much noise heard.- Nice neighborhood, near Leidseplein.- Showerhead is good.- Safe available in the room.- Clean. The level of cleanliness is very good.Cons:- The hotel may need a bit of renovation. In fact, I changed my room because the halogen lamp in the first room was broken so it was quite dark. Even in the second room when the halogen lamp was working, i think the lighting was still not enough.- The breakfast (included) was only okay without much selection. I am not asking for a grand breakfast at all, but i have been to other hotels that offer more choices on, e.g. spread for bread, which was nice.Others:- If I remember correctly, this is the only hotel I visited that provides soap AND shampoo for guests. Regardless, we got our own soap, shampoo/conditioner, toothbrush and toothpaste for our Europe trip.- Remember to buy the strip ticket at the bookstore at the Airport. It really saves you a lot on transportation costs.All in all, I would recommend staying in this hotel.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>els37
<Content>Nice hotel great location Stayed here in 2004, the location was great just 2 minutes from Leidseplein and Vondel Park, and not much further to the museums etc. Best of all it was on a quiet side street which meant very little noise which was great considering it was so close to lots of bars etc.Found the staff to be very efficient  not unfriendly.The room was small but sufficient for my needs,as was the bathroom. It was clean. The Dutch are very direct  don't really do smalltalk, so I sometimes think people see them as being rude, when in fact it is just their way.I do know a Dutch person and have found this is the case.Anyway, I would have no hesitatIon in recommending this hotel  would definitley stay here again.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>OK if you like to wake up at 06.45 every day       Looking from our hotel window  
<Date>Mar 26, 2006
<Rating>1	3	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>ellie02
<Content>Convenient and clean We stayed for 3 nights in March 06. It was convenient (trams 1,2 or 5 running frequently from Centraal Station) and near to the main museums. Our room was small but the bathroom was fine and the buffet breakfast offered a good choice. We found the hotel clean and quiet and found staff friendly. I recommend the nearby Cafe Suisse as a lively, characterful and reasonably priced place to eat.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>No complaints Nothing to complain about here - excellent location in a quiet side street near the Leidseplein (with some great local bars and restaurants nearby), clean, functional rooms, good simple breakfasts and friendly service. Not exactly 5-star luxury but for the price (we managed to get a 3-nights-for-2 offer) it can hardly be faulted.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>dimple_pie
<Content>Location Location My wife and I stayed here for 7 nights in Late feb/early March 06. Excellent location very near leidesplein, Vondel Park and Van Goth Museuem. Situated in a quiet side street which is partly residential and partly small hotels. 2 min walk to nearest tram stop (line 1).Rooms are basic and, in general, interior of hotel could do with refurbishment however the lobby area is well maintained.I suspect internal noise could be a problem but I think we got lucky with room location (end of a corridor) and it wasn't a peak period. Staff are helpful if not exactly smiley, breakfast was good. I booked online and was quoted a price INCLUSIVE of city tax, when we checked out this had been added to the room rate I queried this and it was removed. So ask !All in all I would stay at this hotel again if I got a good price online. I would certainly stay in the same area and there are alot of hotels within two/three streets.(For UK Coronation Street fans it would appear Roy and Haley Cropper stayed at this hotel as part of some past storyline, there is a picture of them by the main entrance and shot outside the hotel - what further recommendation do you need ?!)  
<Date>Mar 7, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>IrelandDeeDee
<Content>excellent hotel I spent ages reading reviews on hotels in Amsterdam before deciding on this hotel and I wasn't disappointed. Friendly staff, very spacious room, good breakfast and the hotel was in a great location. Everything that people have wrote on this hotel has been very accurate. I would definitly return to this hotel again.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>rodent1976
<Content>Great location We (myself and husband)spent 2 nights here, Feb 8th and 9th, and we were very happy with our choice of hotel. We booked this hotel after reading the good reviews. The location was great, being in a nice quiet street away from the noisy parts of the city, but only a few minutes walk from the tram stop. There are lots of bars, coffee shops and restaurants in the immediate vicinity if you don't want to catch a tram.The staff were friendly upon checking in and room was quite spacious and very clean. The only complaint was that the plughole in the bathroom sink smelt a bit like rotten eggs sometimes but other than that is was fine.The breakfast was simple but nice. We were able to leave our luggage in a locked room after we'd checked out as our flight wasn't until later that day. Overall, we were pleased with our choice of hotel and it was excellent value for money. We would definitely stay there again if we ever go to Amsterdam again.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Cal59nd
<Content>Great rooms / great location / great staff I have stayed in about a dozen hotels in Amsterdam, and this is by far the best I have found for under $100. The room and bathroom were spacious compared to most you find in Amsterdam. The staff were extremely polite and helpfull. The bed was even (almost) comfortable! I was out late every night (its a 5 minute walk to numerous bars and clubs) so missed the breakfast, but my wife says it was very good also (included).The only negative was that there was a little construction going on in an adjacent lot, so we heard a little hammering (but the room had some soundproofing).This is the only place I will consider staying from now on.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Value  My husband  I stayed here for three nights late January 2006. We would highly recommend this hotel. The staff were extremely helpful and so very friendly. Our room was on the first floor and was large, clean  a very comfortable bed! No tea or coffee making facilities but we brought a travel kettle  again the friendly staff had no problem supplying us with milk! Breakfast is superb, excellent choice of all kinds of breads, cheese, cereals etc. The toaster was a welcome bonus. The location is a perfect base, a very quiet area. Amsterdam is a wonderful city especially for young folks, if you are like us middle aged (!) perhaps not so good. We did enjoy our stay though  if we return will definately stay at this hotel again. Beware of the bikers though!  
<Date>Jan 26, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>cycleDan
<Content>Great location, good price, nice hotel We visited Amsterdam at the end of December for the new year's celebrations, and found the Leidse Square hotel to be better than we expected. The staff was uniformly friendly throughout our stay. They let us check-in when we arrived at 8 am, since a room was available, which was greatly appreciated after a long flight. We were in a 3rd-floor double room overlooking the street, which was quiet enough.The location is quite nice -- a quiet side street near the Leidssplein, Vondel Park, and the Museumplein. We walked everywhere we went in Amsterdam without any trouble. The continental breakfast was a buffet-style, so it was quite filling, and was decent by European standards. It's a fairly large hotel, though, so if you show up between 9:30 and 10 am (breakfast ends at 10), the breakfast room can be pretty crowded.All in all, we felt quite happy that we stayed here -- compared to the other hotels in the nearby vicinity, it was a great deal.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Value  My boyfriend and I visited Amsterdam August Bank Holiday weekend, and our stay at the Leidse Square Hotel couldn't be better!Great location - v.quietLarge room with nice viewStaff all spoke English which was v.good, and friendly too!The breakfast - although not mentioned when we booked was included in the price.Continental in style there was bread, pastries, cereals, fruit, ham, cheese, eggs, enough to fill us up until teatime!!The only downside is that because of the price it tends to attract large male parties -who can be a bit rowdy!! Also the stairs are rather steep and not very elderly/child friendly - although there is a lift.All in all a great stay - and we might be booking again in the near future - Enjoy!  
<Date>Nov 28, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Budget Hotel My boyfriend and I have just returned from a 3 night stay at the Leidse Sqaure Hotel. Upon arrival we were expected to pay up front for the room, which was fine for us, this is expected in quite a few hotels these days. The staff were very friendly and helpful and allowed us to check in early. Our room was on the first floor at the back of the hotel, and as is located just off of the bustling Leidse Square in a residential neighbourhood. The view from our room was of resident's backyard's and the side of a house, but again this was ok for us as we were there to go out and see the sites not sit in our room!Our room was very clean and was huge, with twin beds (pushed together) and a seperate sitting room with a small sofa and 2 chairs. The bathroom was adequate, clean and tidy. Breakfast was the usual, boiled eggs, cheese, ham, croissants, cornflakes.. but you had to be quick as most of it had gone within the first hour.The location was perfect, only 10 minutes from most of the major attractions and being a residential area it was very quiet and I would have felt fine walking about on my own. We are hoping to go back to Amsterdam at Xmas and we would definitely stay here again. If you are looking for a cheap and cheerful hotel you could do a lot worse than this one.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A quite place near the center We are a mature couple on their 40's.I have read some other reviews (as we did as we were getting ready to fly from Madrid to Amsterdam) and believe me: I cant understand why some clientes are claiming about the Hotel's staff. That is unfair.Sure that the place is not perfect (what is?), but what the hell can you wait for a Hotel that is cheaper than the average around (in spite of having a lot of good services, breakfast, a small bar, a waiting hall, internet services, being a quietful place and having very nice rooms) and it is not placed in the most centric place? (though it is very close, 2 minutes far, to Leidse Plain and Leidse Straat, two of the main touristic and centric avenues in the city, where you can pick up a tram to get in Centraal Station and the Dam Square in 5 minutes, full of restaurants and shops... and what is better: you get ride of the NOISE coming in from the street in a more central area!!).We had no problems at all with the staff. They were polite and helpful in any time. Perhaps if you want to ask for your towels to be replaced you should throw them INTO the bathtube or the shower plate... (as we did each time that we wanted to be renewed) that is a very basical sign' language that everyone can understand perfectly.What I missed: language commodities.Being an international hotel, having a spanish flag in the outside we had to deal with the staff in english most of our time what it was somewhat boring. I also missed at least one Spanish TV channel, above all since there was a very significative number of other spaniard tourists hosting there as well. I do not understand why the satellite (or cable) received two or three channels of german, brittish and even turk stations while there was only France 5 and none from Italy or Spain in roman languages that we are most able to understand, what did quite difficult for us to get any news from our country since we left Spain and throughout all of our stay in Amsterdam (there is a very BAD service of international press distribution there, we olnly were able to get La Vanguardia in a shop press in Leidse Straat).About Amsterdam in general, just say that most of the places consideer you a wallet on two legs. The standards of life there comparest to the ones that my country offers are quite deceiving: - Food is scarce, bad and expensive. They have the annoying custom to serve you drinks first and wait until you've finished to serve the food (half an hour later) in order to force you to ask for a second drink (which is almost the same expensive than the food itself). - Weather was quite painful (a big part of the time was raining, the other cloudy, and it was some cold at night with temperatures from 18 to 10 in august) - Museums are completely inflated: their outsides seems to offer a lot of hallrooms and stuff but when you are in, after you've paid, you get just a few halls (like in the RijksMuseum). - Streets are in general quite dirty: there are no trash containers in the city. - Street traffic is a chaos. Bikers left a lot to wish for what refeers to politeness, most of them are rude and walking the streets may turn an odissey trying to avoid the trams, cars and bikers. - Gay life there is completely provincian in spite that they sell what they have there as if it was the Meca of the Gay world, what is not realist at all. - Shopping was boring: there is little that you can find there that you couldn't find easily everywhere in Europe (yes guys, even the wooden tulips are easy to find wherever). - Coffeeshops and Smart Shops didn't catch our attention as we are a fortysomething's couple. We noticed some freaks and junks around in the streets but, as a very surpringly good new, they were completely peaceful besides a few ones asking for money.In the good side of the city: a nice architecture, a city which is very comfortable to walk, very nice, charming, liberal and kind people (the best!) always ready to be helpful.My advice: Amsterdam is a GREAT city for students and people aged between 18 and 35, ready to eat fast food (which is cheaper and there is a lot of places), get inmersed in the coffeshops scene, and ready to drive a bike. For mature people is not so interesting. I would never come back but for experiencing again the architecture, the channels and the charm of the walks there. If I had to return I would probably host again in the Leidse Square Hotel without hesitation.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Little-Lottie
<Content>Ask for room 255! After reading the terrible reviews of our first choice of Amsterdam hotel on this site, we cancelled immediately and booked a room for 3 nights at the Leidse Square Hotel, very much hoping the trip adviser reviewers were to be trusted...!As reported by others, we could leave our bags on the day of arrival and they were locked away for us until our room was ready. We were also allowed to leave them on our final day. The hotel proved to be an excellent base for exploring as we could walk to restaurants and the Rijksmuseum, Van Gogh Museum and Casino (free entry and complimentary drink on Wednesdays!) in minutes and the rest of the city was within walking distance but far enough away that we weren't disturbed by late night bars etc.The room and bathroom were clean, of a good size and towels and toiletries were provided. No tea/coffee making facilities but we were in a city with more coffee bars than you could shake a stick at! There was a television but we never got around to switching it on! There was also a safe. We found all staff to be helpful and friendly. Breakfast was an all-you-can-eat affair and the answer to 'what's hiding under the silver dome in the breakfast room' question is boiled eggs!We think that we had the only room with a balcony, hence supplying our room number in case that appeals! Oh, and the best deals we found for the hotel were on expedia : )  
<Date>Aug 17, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great value This hotel was outstanding considering it's price. If you go there expecting a European 3 star hotel, you'll be pleasantly surprised - if you go there expecting a 5 star, you may not be.The location is fantastic - close to tons of shopping, nightlife, canal walks etc...and on a very quiet street, only 1 minute away from the bustling square. Only down-side was that our room was quite small and was 2 single beds pushed together rather than a king/queen. IMO a minor detail when compared to cleanliness/location etc....The hotel was very clean, the staff were outstanding, it was modern - including a/c (which is unusual in many parts of Europe) and the breakfast included was a great continental brekky.I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone wanting to visit Amsterdam without spending a fortune - keep your money for Heineken.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2005
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Beanster79
<Content>Great base I was pleasantly content with my stay at this hotel. Having stayed previously in the central areas of Amsterdam, we thought it would make a change to stay nearer the museums. The result was a quiet, comfy stay, with easy access to the lively areas of the city. The staff were very friendly and appeared to be happy to help with any queries, directions and recommendations.Our room had a balcony and had a lovely view. It was clean, and although fairly basic, offered good value for money. My only niggle is that if you have been out to the mid hours of the morning, be aware of people going up and down the wooden stairs for breakfast, as it may disturb your sleep, but hey, this is Amsterdam, and not the place for sleeping.Also, the breakfast was good but could do with more choice of fruit and lighter options.Overall, very pleased and would definatley recommend to all.  
<Date>May 21, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Recommend Ramada. Stayed for 2 nights at this Hotel, Situated off the busy Leidseplein, just behind the Marriot. Not easy to reach by coach, so you have to take your own luggage from main road. Quiet in the evenings in this location. Twin room on second floor at the rear of the building, nice view over gardens. Winding wooden staircase is a bit narrow and awkward but we used the lift which was always available.Room clean but basic - no tea/coffee making facilities. TV and telephone in room, bathroom fine. Hotel staff polite and helpful. Breakfast - continental, but a good selection. Nice bar and lounge area, comfortable in the evening. We arrived in the morning and were allowed to check in immediately and on the last day theres a luggage room to leave your cases in. Amsterdam is fantastic...would go again and use this hotel.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Quiet Hotel...Excellent Location What a place! The staff was excellent and allowed us to check in several hours early. The room was located on the first floor and offered a nice view of a clean residential neigborhood. The bedding was very clean and comfortable.The hotel is located on a quiet side street, which is just a 2 minute walk from Leidseplein. The hotel is convenient to all public transportation and within walking distance of major museums and points of interest. I would certainly stay here again.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>coopertrooper2001
<Content>Average hotel - great 'quiet' location! This hotel is a basic hotel - very clean and comfortable!The location is excellent, it is literally 2 minutes walk from Leidse Square, loads of restuarants, bars, museams, tram stops, canal bus stops and stuff!The walls maybe quite thin as we could hear a fair bit of noise at night (people coming in and taking their shoes off) although no street noise!Breakfast is a whopping 15 euros, dont bother its nothing special and you can do much better if you can walk 2 minutes to Leidse Square or beyond!Checkin/out easy and quick and the staff were helpful in my opinion.You can get a shuttle bus to/from the airport right to the hotel on the main street in front of this hotel and its pretty cheap at 11 euros per person.All in all dont expect anything special (UK readers - Travellodge style hotel) but do expect a quiet location with excellent close by access to the main stuff in Amsterdam.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Spencertraveller
<Content>Awful staff,small dark rooms You can do much better in amsterdam than this place! I checked out after the first night! Staff with really bad attitude but is this the dutch way in so many cases when it comes to service? I could harly fit into the bathroom and maybe they should get up to date pictures on the web site. Hotel is possibly a 2 star. Wierd location in some back road. Spare yourself the agony of dealing with these staff and find another hotel!  
<Date>Nov 24, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not Overjoyed with Hotel - But Loved Amsterdam Very basic hotel - but hey - you get what you pay for. Staff are downright miserable, although, will help at a push.Breakfast 15e???? What planet are they on? Go walk a couple of hundred metres down the road. Plenty of places to eat on Leidesplein. And you're only a five minute (1.60e) tram ride from the city centre.Did all the usual trips - Anne Frank House, Heineken Brewery, Van Gogh Museum - all great value for money! And all, remarkably, in walking distance. At a glance:Hotel Location - ExcellentHotel Cleanliness - OKHotel Staff - IgnorantHotel Value - Room was well priced - food extortionateAmsterdam - Fantastic CityWill I go back? Certainly, but would more than likely be staying at the Marriot Hotel around the corner!Tip for Brits - Do not be pursuaded to go see Bang Bang (American) comedy show. (In the square - you can't miss it). It may be very funny for our American counterparts, but trust me - the American humour does not translate very well, and all in all it was a waste of a night and 25e. If you're American then go for it - I believe that you guys will find it hilarious! (This is not meant to be in any way offensive).Enjoy!  
<Date>Oct 24, 2004
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Veiw through the passage of time Is it the rippening of the fruit on the vine or the sight of a child suckling on its mothers breast? That feeling? Yet it is gone in a flash, with only the stolen towel and a bar of soap.Oh, take me back to the Ramada I emplore you. Let me hear Frau X's soft voice bill me again, and again. Serve me tea and coffe and charge me 15e for breakfast.I may be an American but it is worth every cent!  
<Date>Sep 14, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel in Amsterdam   showReview(2478310, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 20, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Agreat start to each day....   showReview(2457261, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 17, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Rude, argumentative staff almost ruined my stay   showReview(1854526, 'full');   
<Date>May 3, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I have stayed here 4 times   showReview(1499070, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 26, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Merely adequate   showReview(1372483, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 30, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Hotel   showReview(1278715, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 10, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>very pleased with Hotel; hate the city   showReview(1142777, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 21, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>don't expect a warm greeting   showReview(1118177, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 28, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A good bargain at $79/night   showReview(978234, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 22, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Hotel Terdam   showReview(911831, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 11, 2003
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Erreichbarkeit vom Hauptbahnhof...   showReview(22769636, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel trs agrable pour un...   showReview(22366123, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 21, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nettes Team, gute Lage, war...   showReview(21444214, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>carol24111984
<Content>Ottimo compromesso!   showReview(20799963, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>PEKELOKO
<Content>Correcto y excelente situacin   showReview(20771424, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 10, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	5	3	3	3	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Excelente hotel, muy bueno el...   showReview(20923171, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel perfecto para moverse por...   showReview(20580705, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sauberes Mittelklassen-Hotel   showReview(20553925, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Fue mi primer viaje a...   showReview(19842101, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>El hotel esta muy bien ubicado...   showReview(20237659, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 4, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr nettes hotel, in zentraler...   showReview(20237655, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nice but unfriendly staff   showReview(19633078, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>MEFIEZ-VOUS , l'hotesse...   showReview(19690281, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>buon hotel   showReview(19633077, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un bon hotel, au calme, bien plac pour visiter les muses d'Amsterdam   showReview(19633074, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 9, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Turula
<Content>Excelente ubicacin   showReview(18705136, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder: super Lage und Service   showReview(18527742, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Pour un sjour tranquille   showReview(18527741, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 26, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Fr Kurzreisen zu Empfehlen   showReview(18527739, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 25, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	2	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottima posizione   showReview(18527735, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>WE Amsterdam   showReview(18527738, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Htel dans une rue...   showReview(17202342, 'full');   
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bonito hotel, muy limpio y...   showReview(17115701, 'full');   
<Date>May 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo hotel qualit prezzo...   showReview(16729936, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 23, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Albergo eccellente per...   showReview(16727094, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 17, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>zelan
<Content>Un hotel correcto y bien situado   showReview(14978313, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Trs bon rapport qualite/prix   showReview(15569090, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 4, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>ibarcembri
<Content>No nos gust nada       1  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>1	2	1	3	2	1	1	2	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel agrable, dans un...   showReview(16726081, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Se trata de un hotel...   showReview(14593275, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>un bon souvenir   showReview(11308101, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 10, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>sdebs80
<Content>un buon compromesso   showReview(8534745, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 29, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	3	3	2	2	3	

<Author>Cati50
<Content>Htel trs agrable   showReview(8029291, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	3	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un peu decu   showReview(11426968, 'full');   
<Date>May 23, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>nous y retournerons volontiers   showReview(11426967, 'full');   
<Date>May 3, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>vinie
<Content>excellent   showReview(5968515, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 18, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	4	-1	

