<Author>Trip60
<Content>Great Service!       We found 2 bathropes in the closet  
<Date>Jan 8, 2009
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Traveller124
<Content>Excellent Hotel, Outstanding Service I strongly recommend this hotel for anyone visiting Beijing, especially those who are venturing to China for the first time. The booking process was very easy - I made a call to the hotel manager, who was negotiable on price. I was able to make specific requests via email, which were honored as promised. I was met at the airport by John, the hotel guest ambassador who is Australian. The hotel had arranged for me to be met of the aeroplane by an English speaking Chinese airport person who helped me to collect my bag and to go out via the VIP exit to meet the car and the hotel guest ambassador. At the hotel I was met by my own personal valet assigned by John, the guest ambassador. Elaina was excellent. She took care of all my business related and personal requests while staying at the hotel. I can't speak highly enough about the professionalism shown by all staff. The hotel prides itself on service, and the staff are well trained. Everyone is eager to please. The hotel is close to Tiannamen Square, which makes sight seeing easy. Elaina had arranged for me to take two days worth of sight seeing which also worked out very well, in addition to the business aspects of my trip. I was able to see the main sights within Beijing that I wanted to see. I am a very discerning traveller, but can only speak highly of this hotel and its staff.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>dizzygirl123
<Content>Plush! This is a really plush hotel, which is great, if plush is your kind of thing. The staff really cannot be any more helpful, it felt as if there was literally a member of staff waiting around every corner to help you find your way around the premises etc, which is great if you are into that kind of lifestyle, personally I prefer feeling invisible. However, I have to add that the conscierge desk went out of their way to help us find our way, which is a real plus in Beijing, where communicating with taxi drivers can be a real challenge. One of the main benefits of staying in upmarket accommodation in Beijing is that all the staff speak excellent English! The location is also great, and they serve a good breakfast. Personally, I would only stay here if my company footed the bill (which they did); on my own expense I would prefer something more low key. The bedroom had that old school drawing room feeling (slightly unhomely, fit for Winston Churchill perhaps); the bathroom though was fantastic and massive! I couldn't figure out how to switch off all the fancy lights and had to call for help at bed-time ;)  
<Date>Dec 22, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>UKBubbles
<Content>Fabulous Hotel We stayed at this hotel for two nights with our daughter  husband who live in Shanghai. It was cheaper to book it direct than going through one of the usual find a hotel web sites. It is truly to be recommended.The situation is perfect for walking to Tiananman Sq., The Forbidden City  the shopping area. As we waited for check in formalities to be completed tea was served to us, welcome after the flight  on such a very cold day. One niggle that could have been a major problem was that when we checked in they asked for a credit card as a guarantee. We produced our Gold Master Card which the hotel said was refused. Fortunately our son in law was able to use his China Card. We subsequently discovered, on phoning Master Card in the UK ,that they had asked for identification but the hotel ignored this request. Possibly too much trouble for them or they just didn't understand what they were being asked to do. We were on the executive floor...didn't request this... found that between 5pm  7 pm the lounge was open to us for FREE tea, coffee, wine, beer  a small but nice nibbles table. This included some hot snacks. Considering that a glass of wine in the bar was 拢20 this was some perk!!Breakfast was included in the price  very good it was too. Buffet style but a very wide choice. You are able to walk thorugh the hotel, intoThe Beijing Hotel  so into an Australian steak house should you be tired of rice  noodles!!If you want to hire a car for the day to see the sites I would recommend that you don't use the hotel desk but walk to the Peninnsular hotel  talk to the drivers outside there. It wil be much much cheaper  yes they will understand you! Since the Olympics there are clearly much higher expectations from the organisers of trips as to what people are willing to pay. We had a car for about 拢80 for the day to see the Wall etc  an organised tour would have been in the region of 拢200 PER PERSON We had asked for a taxi to take us back to the airport when we booked in  it was there on time, not always the case in China  
<Date>Nov 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	4	5	

<Author>haifa_traveler
<Content>You only get B       POOR lounge !!!  
<Date>Oct 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	3	4	4	

<Author>SpineyNorman
<Content>Best little brothel in Beijing I'd have to say I was disappointed. I was expecting the Raffles to be the hotel highlight of my China visit but it was the poorest of the six we stayed in. The low points were that on three occasions I was approached by a pimp offering me a 'lady'. This was not in the main Raffles foyer but in the modern extension at the back of the hotel.I also did not care for the smell of drains that permeated the bathroom. Apart from those criticisms it was OK. It is a very grand hotel, living off its past grandeur. The foyer is elegant and the room was well-furnished and comfortable. We had an afternoon tea in the Writers Bar, which was very good.It is well located, a short walk from the Forbidden City and Tiananman Square, and a short taxi ride to the Temple of Heaven. The restaurant/bar area of Houhai is also a short taxi ride away although this a poor substitute if you are used to western style eating and drinking. There aren't many good restaurants within walking distance although we did eat once at one in the Oriental Centre next door (can't remember the name), which the concierge recommended.If you are visiting the Great Wall, miss the crowds and go to the section at Simatai rather than Badeling. We went on the first day of the National Holiday and was very quiet and a special experience (we went with Beijing Zinhua Tours).  
<Date>Oct 8, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	4	4	3	2	4	

<Author>Douglas3
<Content>Superb location, super room, maybe slightly staid Got a great rate on this old-world luxurious hotel through Expedia and I don't regret my stay at all. The Raffles is superbly located; it's one long Beijing city block from Tiananman Square and the Forbidden City. It's also a very short walk to the Wangfujing shopping area. I got an executive suite for the pretty incredible price of about $180, but I think it may have been due to the fact that I was staying during Golden Week, which is a pretty major holiday, and must have caused a dip in business travelers. I checked rates for a few weeks later, and the rooms were almost double that price. My room was excellent - a spacious suite with a sitting area/office, a separate bedroom, and a large bathroom, which itself had two rooms - a closet with a dual-sink vanity area and shower, and another room with toilet, bidet, and a large tub. Furnishings were tasteful, luxurious, and comfortable, with hardwood floors, a full-length mirror, and nice Tibetan wool rugs. It was among the best-appointed rooms I have ever experienced.The hotel's lobby was spacious and grand. Check-in was very comfortable, as I was ushered to sit down and I was brought a non-alcoholic fruit drink while my passport and credit card were taken by a pretty young associate, who then showed me up to my room. It was very clear that the hotel is really striving to make a great impression on service. To be honest, I found the whole exercise a bit forced, perhaps because some of the English was not quite up to the standard I'd expect from such a hotel, but I'll give full marks for effort. I did find, throughout my stay, that the bellhops were extremely good and eager to please.Curiously, perhaps again due to the holiday, the hotel did seem eerily empty, particularly given its grandeur. There was a large multistory atrium behind the main lobby, with a few restaurants on the main floor, but the other floors were always empty, and I never saw more than 3 or 4 other guests in the grand lobby at a time. One minor complaint that may be related more to Beijing's municipal water than the hotel - I did smell a faint whiff of sewage in my room on several occasions. My room rate included breakfast, which was a fantastic buffet with western and Chinese options, including an omelet/egg station and a build-your-own noodle/wonton soup counter. Very, very good.All in all, a very nice hotel with a superb location, and one I got at a great value. If you can get in for the same rate, I'd highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Skiranger
<Content>OK, but not excellent The hotel is in a excellent location close to the Forbidden City and main shopping area. The service was excellent, if a little old fashioned. I was even given a drink during the very relaxed check-in process, but didn't drink it as I wasn't sure whether I'd be charged for it! The hotel set up is a little strange, with sections leading off an Atrium area that is a bit like a shopping mall. It was a very modern and but characterless arrangement. My room was more like a comfortable suite and was very good, although it looked onto an ugly building area at the back of hotel. The Executive Room offered free drinks until the early evening, but was disappointing when you had to pay for your own. The restaurant in the Mall area was pretty good (if a little pricey) and very comfortable for a westerner travelling on his own. I booked my room early and received a discounted rate, so value for money was OK. I don't think I would pay their usual prices. One thing to watch out for. The hotel is related in some way to the International Hotel around a mile away on the same road. I showed my taxi driver the name of the hotel in Mandarin when I arrived at the airport, but he dropped me off at the International. It's a tough walk between the two when its 38 deg C outside!  
<Date>Sep 18, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	3	3	4	4	

<Author>Japan_Gaijin
<Content>Great property in a good location This is an excellent property in a location that is very convenient to the Forbidden City. Exec Rooms are 600 square feet and feel more like small suites than the typical hotel room. They are well appointed and very comfortable.The public spaces feel a bit institutional. I'd classify the public space design as cookie cutter luxury. Not much in terms of distinct touches. The bad choice of cliche classical music tunes reinforces this. The guest rooms are much more distinctive than the public spaces. Book this property for the rooms but plan to go elsewhere to hang out.With respect to the rooms, only negatives are the bath products and the doors. The bath products are the typical Raffles product line which smells like cheap men's fitness center soap. The doors are very hard to open and close. There are also some design flaws. For some reason they've placed the bathtub in the room with the toilet vs. placing the toilet in its own separate room.All-in-all a good property but I stil prefer the Peninsula.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>vannugyen
<Content>Loved the Raffles Excellent hotel. We used 5 star hotels in Hong Kong, Shanghai and Xian duirng this trip before arriving in Beijing. Undoubtedly the best hotel during out trip. Living in Sydney, it was great to hear that the hotel manager and his assistant were both Aussies from Sydney.Excellent check -in, even served a welcome cocktail while waiting for our paperwork to be completed, great rooms and service during breakfast was very attentive.Highly recommend this for a memorable stay in Beijing.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Mafioso
<Content>We'll be back! A typical Raffles experience. Wonderful old building with big rooms, excellent location within walking distance to famous places and shopping area, courteous and friendly staff and an excellent but cheap seafood buffet. This was the best hotel on our China trip (Beijing/Xian/Shanghai).  
<Date>Jul 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TreeRitz
<Content>Great Location, clean, and friendly This hotel definitely met our expectations. The check-in was seamless, the rooms were very clean, the staff was accomodating, and breakfast was included. Great location- we decided on this hotel after reading everyone elses reveiws. Thank you.. We decided to utilize the hotel's offer to pick us up at the airport. This was a great welcome after a non-stop flight from San Francisco, and experiencing jet lag. We were pleased we chose this option, instead of having to battle where are we  on our first trip to China. Our driver was very professional and efficient. The hotel sent an Audi, clean, and w/ 2 refreshing bottles of water, and cool cloths for our face. Cost 450 Yuan. After 4 days in Beijing, we opted to taxi back to the hotel after getting our bearings. We took advantage of the breakfast (great), hotel bar(okay), and the Chinese restaurant( okay again) .We recommend venturing out to local cuisine: Da Dong Restaurant. Only downside was the construction out our window. (Back side of the hotel) The plus side, it added to our conversation of watching the day to day life, and did not keep us up! Recommended!  
<Date>Jul 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	3	

<Author>UKIPElectionman
<Content>Sheer luxury This beautiful hotel will ensure you are seen to by dutiful staff throughout your stay. Great location - just a short walk from Tiananmen Square and shopping area (and an interesting, must-see night market!).This hotel contains everything a resident could possibly need: Swimming pool; beauty therapy  masseuse; fitness centre; 10 lane bowling alley in the basement. The restaurant is excellent, and the place to eat in whether here on holiday or business. An excellent venue to entertain in.The level of the staff's English cannot be emphasised enough. If you visit Beijing just once, this is the hotel to stay in.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>androidsdream
<Content>Great Location Appalling Service We booked this hotel with high expectations which is maybe why we felt let down slightly with our experience, however having stayed in the Shangri-La in Beijing and the Royal Meridien in Shanghai I feel we can be objective overall. In terms of location,look, and cleanliness the hotel is faultless, however the service is pretty appalling. This may be partly due to the hotel being operated as a sister hotel to the Bejing Hotel which adjoins it. Firstly the room valet and telephone operator speak very very poor english. Asking for some tea bags and coffee to be sent to the room, as it was never provided for us, proved to be incredibly difficult and stressful. Asking for an ironing board and iron, again not included was the same. We spent about an hour waiting for the door staff to organise a taxi for us including time to explain where we wanted to go ( most places off the list of well established tourist attractions are often unknown to staff and taxi drivers in China). We attempted to use the swimming pool however because swim caps are required,something we were unaware of and are unaccustomed to, and we refused to pay the extortionate cost of buying them we were refused entry. In the Shangri-La Beijing we simply used caps provided by the pool. The overall impression when dealing with low and medium level staff was off frustration and that we were simple not important to them. The only person with any decent grasp of english was the duty manager who sent us a fruit bowl (a plate of old fruit when) we complained. Although you may want to come here for the location, the standard of service is not 5 star by any means. Compared with the Shangri-La and Le Royal Meridien this hotel is far far inferior and makes me seriously question the quality of the Raffles chain.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2008
<Rating>2	2	5	5	5	5	1	3	

<Author>Chritone
<Content>Excellent service and delicate place to stay I would like to share my experience with Raffles Beijing hotel. I was a great pleasure to stayed there. The staff are very alertive to my needs, the room valet were always there for assistant, they had big smile on their face and incredible friendly.We were sad to leave as the journey countinues, but I will certainly come back next time.  
<Date>May 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>KLJones08
<Content>Dissapointment!!!!! My recent stay at Raffles was a total dissapointment. Poor service and I find it not one bit of a 5-star hotel that expects from an International brand like Raffles, No arrangement is made for airport pick up despite I called up. Service staff wasn't attentive and not fluent in English. The swimming pool and gym facilities appeared to be under different management and insisting swimmer must wear swim cap and the pool attendant was really rude... My last draw was the construction noise which really irirated me.. Is this the best that you could get at Raffles Hotel?  
<Date>May 14, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	2	3	2	1	3	

<Author>lili058
<Content>Love Raffles Beijing Hotel The first impression after I arrived in the hotel lobby was amazing beautiful. The room I stayed was very comfortable and the staff took spacial care of my needs. I was invited by a local friend to the East33 resturant , we enjoyed the very fresh sea food, and lobsters.  
<Date>May 11, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TaoBlue
<Content>Wonderful Location, Great Hotel I transferred to Raffles from a hotel in the Haidian district, and what a difference! The rooms are equivalent to a 1-bedroom city apartment, and the service from the front desk to the room valet was excellent.Yes there is construction, but where in Beijing do you not find construction? Located within walking distance of the Forbidden City and Wanfujing also makes this an excellent base for sightseeing and shopping. I will definitely stay here again.  
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>nicolePGH
<Content>Raffles an ideal hotel for a discerning traveler! We had a wonderful stay at Raffles at the end of April 2008. We were greeted upon arrival and had a quick tour of the property. Our bags were promptly delivered to our room. We had an executive room with a king bed. The room, including sitting area and bathroom, was outstanding. Modern, clean, comfortable. The bed is harder than what you might be used to as a foreigner and my husband had some problems, but I slept just fine. We never had any issues with temperature or turn down service. The morning buffet and evening cocktails were quite a treat! We thoroughly enjoyed every aspect of our stay at the hotel. The concierge and bellmen were always helpful. We never had a problem getting a regular taxi right in front. They made recommendations when needed and worked hard to make sure our experience was above and beyond. It is true that booking things through them is expensive. We booked an airport pickup since it was our first time in China and we wanted to feel comfortable getting there. The charge was 900CNY for 4 people and luggage. You can take a regular taxi for about 150CNY. Lesson learned. As well, we booked a guide for the Forbidden City and probably spent about 5 hours with her. She was great, but I don't think it was worth 1500CNY. You can certainly find cheaper alternatives for both transportation and guides. But those were both at our choosing so we only have ourselves to blame. At any rate, our experience was not tainted in the least. I would recommend this hotel to any of my colleagues, friends, or family for a fantastic visit in Beijing. The location and facilities were phenomenal.  
<Date>May 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>patsyboop
<Content>Friendly and luxurious We spent two weeks travelling China, first stop was Beijing and we were amazed at the standard of decor and furniture within the hotel. The room was spacious with two extremely large beds, a gigantic flat screen tv and lavish bathroom and shower rooms. The breakfast buffet was a banquet, and the restaurant staff extemely attentive, to the extent you could not put down your napkin whilst visiting the buffet without finding it immaculately refolded on your return to the table!. An all round freindly atmosphere. The swimming pool facility was better than most hotels. The hotel was within 3 mins walking distance of the main shopping area.  
<Date>May 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>WaryDubai
<Content>Raffles Hiccups We stayed ar Raffles Hotel, Beijing, for 8 days in April. First impressions are good - the lobby has a high ceiling with beautiful chandeliers. However, as was mentioned in another review, there is construction going on around the building, and the view from our Inc. Executive Room was extremely disappointing........ overlooking a building site. Also, the room itself did not meet expectations. It appears much larger on the website photos, than it is in reality. The sitting area and bedroom area are, in fact, quite limited. We noticed stains on the furniture, which is an off-putting experience when arriving after a long flight. We requested another room (with a a view) and were taken back to the original building , where we were offered a Landmark room. No explanation was given as to why we could not have an alternative room in the Inc. Exec Building - which we had booked. We preferred the open arrangement of the Landmark room, although it was extremely dark at all times - facing a wall of another building. Was this the view we had requested? During the night, even with the air conditioning off, the room was cold. Also, we could hear noise which appeared to come from the a/c, but may, in fact, have been due to the construction outside.The bed was wonderful - really big and comfortable. On the first night, when we arrived back at 8:30pm, we discovered we had not had the benefit of a 'turn-down service'. A card was left in the room the next day to say that the service had been available after we had retired at 9pm.. On the 2nd day, we left the room at 8:30am and were astonished to find it had not been made up when we arrived back at 2:30pm. It took 2 calls to the Room Valet before anyone arrived - 30mins later.On our 6th day, no fruit was left in our room - and unlike the other lucky guest - we never had flowers! We also had to request hand towels and small (complimentary) bottles of water.We enjoyed the complimentary tea and drinks offered daily in the Inc Executive lounge, which was a pleasant place to sit and read the newspapers, or check email.The buffet breakfast was plentiful as was the dinner at East 33.I had informed the hotel, in advance, that my husband would celebrate his birthday during our stay. I was promised that the hotel would offer 'the benefits of your birthday'. Very disappointingly, this never happened and no excuse/apology was forthcoming.We found the doormen very friendly - although there is a serious problem with getting taxis from the hotel. Many times the doorman ran outside onto the main road to try to divert a taxi to the hotel for us. There needs to be a system put in place whereby taxis are easily contactable. The concierges are polite but beware, as they tend to promote specific tours /shows etc., which you may be able to arrange yourself, at considerably less expense.Overall, our experience at Raffles was pleasant, although not up to the standard we had expected - and definitely not comparable with the standards of the Peninsula, Bangkok!  
<Date>Apr 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>gwain
<Content>Excellent Raffles Fantastic hotel, staff excellent. I am a seasoned travelor so its nice to stay in a hotel that exceeds your expectations.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JaneQP
<Content>Excellent Beijing hotel Fantastic concierge service, great rooms, wonderful complementary breakfast, and all within walking distance of the major downtown sites. Just be sure to request a room that doesn't face the extensive construction site behind the building. We fully enjoyed our stay.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Meihai
<Content>Fantastic hotel, fantastic service Absolutely wonderful hotel in a prime location. Room was beautifully decorated, facilities (including free evening cocktails) were excellent and the breakfast buffet was possibly the best in China. Had a room overlooking the main street, and didn't hear a peep of noise.Staff very helpful and friendly. Great value for money, would go back in a second.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>BaltimoreFrancophile
<Content>Fabulous stay! I have nothing but positive feedback for this gem of a hotel. The room was palatial (almost like a smallish apartment!), with a separate tub  shower and a very nice sized sitting room separated from the bedroom with sliding wooden doors. I had an executive room which included daily breakfast and afternoon cocktails in the lounge. The service was gracious and polished and and I felt very taken care of. And the location can't be beat - it's only a 10 minute walk to the Forbidden City and Tiananmen Square. The value for money was outstanding. I would stay here again in a heartbeat.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jme1016
<Content>Beijing Raffles - Amazing!!!       One of the daily fruits in our room  
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>TravelCat501
<Content>Elegant hotel in a Great Location! I managed to get a good rate through my work, so my husband and I splurged a little for this hotel. The rooms here are first class. Fresh flowers and fruit were waiting for us when we arrived. The room itself was immaculate and beautifully appointed, despite the fact that it was an older building - They kind of made me feel like I was staying in a 19th century British Colonial hotel in China - Lots of thick, rich fabrics, and furniture that looked like it ought to be at least 100 years older than me. The only thing I didn't like was that the air conditioning never kicked in (Mid October was probably too late in the season to leave it on), so it got a bit stuffy, especially whenever we were there in the late afternoon getting ready for dinner.We spent a few extra dollars for an Executive room, which includes (free) continental breakfast in their Executive lounge. It was mostly cereals, breakfast breads  pastry, fruit, and fresh juice - I don't remember any hot options. It was all excellent quality, though, and a nice, relaxing way to start the morning.For tourists, the best thing about this hotel is the location. It is an EASY walk to Tiananmen Square  the Forbidden city. Also close walking distance to Wangfujing snack street, and a big mall, so both Eastern  Western food options were readily available. We didn't use it on this trip, but there was also a subway stop a short walk a way - We passed it whenever we walked towards the Forbidden City.We arrived during the Communist Party convention, so there were a lot of military  police personnel wandering around the hotel. It was also much more difficult to hail a cab. When we needed one, a staff member ran down the street a couple of blocks to hail one, and gave the cabbie directions for us - I thought that was nice of them, and above  beyond what they needed to do.If you can afford it, I would highly recommend staying here.  
<Date>Feb 11, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Jedam
<Content>Wow This hotel was first class from its rooms to its pool. The food was great, they served high tea, the staff were friendly and helpful, the location was great, my room was more like a suite than a room even though it was their basic tariff. I can only recommend you try it.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Lynsee
<Content>Great location Absolutely fantastic location - within a pleasant 10 mins walk down Dong Changan Road to the Tiananmen Square and Forbidden City. Also, located within 5 mins walk to the huge Oriental Mall and Wangfujing shopping mall, both of which offer a great variety of food and shopping opportunities.Service at the hotel is first class. All of the hotel staff I interacted with could communicate quite well in English. Landmark Rooms are big and spacious with huge beds. Everything looked new and clean. There was even a Pillow Menu from which you can select the types of pillows to suit your liking.Great pool and jaccuzzi for a relaxing dip. Billiards, snooker and bowling were also available up to late in the night. I enjoyed the buffet breakfast at East 33. It had a good spread and quality and variety of food offered was splendid.Best hotel I ever stayed in.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jmalux
<Content>Above average Stayed here for five nights in October in a club room which is located in the new building. The room was big and nicely decorated. Free internet a big plus. Unfortunately the communist party has decided that air-conditioning must be switched off in all hotels during the winter months. In theory, air-conditioning shouldn't be necessary in winter time but the room didn't have any windows which could be opened, so the room was very warm and stuffy. The wooden entrance door to the room could hardly be opened and closed as the wood has somehow expanded, so it was more or less required to break into the room each time with force. This seemed to be a general problem with the doors which created a lot of noise.The service was OK but not even close to Four Seasons levels apart from the gym which offered the best service I have ever experienced in a hotel gym. The gym as such is very nice and rather well equipped but the lack of air-conditioning resulted in 26掳 Celsius which is rather uncomfortable for a work-out. There is a nice indoor swimming pool which always was empty. A cap is required so bring one if you intend to swim. Otherwise they are for sale for the staggering price of EUR 6.The Club facilities are OK. Three daily food presentations of good quality. Alcoholic beverages are only served during the last appetiser food presentation. The location is great with easy walking distance to the shopping area and the Forbidden City.Overall a nice but rather forgettable hotel experience.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	3	3	4	

<Author>mikezens
<Content>Could be better Stayed at the Raffles in Beijing for the first time. Have to say I was not overly impressed by the hotel. The rooms are big and nicely decorated, but as we stayed in early November the air-con is not working anymore. If it is on you get hot air blown into the room. So you can only regulate the temperature by shutting the aircon off and getting fresh (by Beijing Standards) air in through the window. Some rooms have windows that actually really open. We had a room, where you could only open a 5cm part of the window which looks after opening like an mosquito net.In our first roon, we had had all of a sudden a smell of waste water in the room. The hotel couldn't solve the problem, but offered us another room without hesitation. However due to high season, we only got a room poolside on the 3rd floor, which ment, that you hardly get any daylight through the window.On the posotive note, the breakfast buffet is very good.All in all I think there are a lot of hotels in Beijing that offer better value for money. But - due to the terrible traffic try to get the best hotel in the vincinity of where you wanna go.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2007
<Rating>3	2	4	4	4	3	3	4	

<Author>J123456789
<Content>Excellent Hotel / Location, DCC Scam Raffles is a beautiful hotel in an excellent location, the rooms are superb. The beds, like most in China are hard, but of good quality and with enough upholstery to take the hardness away and so comfortable. The staff were friendly and helpful.The only downside is that the hotel operates the DCC scam (Direct Currency Conversion). When you check out your credit card bill is converted to your local currency at an unfavourable rate. The customer is not asked, they should be according to Visa / Mastercard rules. Make sure you check very carefully before signing any credit card bills and insist you are charged in Yuan.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>TravelWarriors
<Content>Very Nice "Boutique Style" Hotel Raffles was a nice experience. I would like to point out that I now know why some people in the previous reviews get this hotel mixed up with a couple of other hotels. The Raffles Hotel is sandwiched between two gigantic hotels that apparently were the big State Hotels at one point, but now are just huge convention type hotels. All three hotels are attached with a ground floor walkway however, they are all three very different hotels. So, it is easy to think that if you stayed at one of the hotels on either side of the Raffles that your perception would be biased in a potentially negative way. Now that I have actually been there and stayed in the actual Raffles hotel as well as walking over to look at the hotels on either side, I can see why people think it is all one large hotel instead of three.Pros: Location is easy to walk to TiAnaman Square, Forbidden City and the major pedestrian shopping street along with three large indoor malls; even though it is a large hotel, when compared to the other upscale hotels in Beijing it is small and has a somewhat boutique feel comparatively speaking; car service from airport is excellent; hotel staff from check-in to check-out were excellent; accomodated a late check out without any issues; concierge was very helpful/polite/professional/knowlegable; breakfast was very good with a wide selection of either western or asian food; room was very nice with awesome amenities both in the bedroom, bathroom and living areas. bathroom was very large with seperate shower and bath and dressing area; service was excellent by everyone we came in contact with during our stay. Also, a very nice asset of this hotel is that it seemed to cater to individual travelers, not tour groups, so there were no big tour buses coming and going, no big groups checking in or out and no big groups to have to be behind when going for breakfast, etc...Negatives: Beijing is being rebuilt at a rapid pace and everywhere you look there is a major building going up or coming down, our room, although extrememly nice had a panoramic view of a major construction job that was going on 24hrs a day, so at night it was a bit loud and large spotlights were distracting while trying to sleepOverall, I would give the Raffles very high marks because not only was I impressed with our stay originally, but when we came back through Beijing, we stayed at a different upscale hotel that is rated higher by all the travel magazines and I thought the Raffles experience was much better and would pick it as a place to stay again.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TandTSwitzerland
<Content>Great hotel The Raffles in Beijing is very well located, just steps from Tiananmen square and close to the shopping district.The hotel has an elegant decor, the rooms are large and have also a elegant decor and all the necessary amenities you expect from a 5-star hotel. Staff is very friendly - unfortunately english skills are not great (like in all cities in China). Breakfast buffet is very good (I usually don't like buffets but this one is very nice and well maintained) and the food of excellent quality.Overall I can highly recommend the Raffles, definitely one of the best hotels in Beijing.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>patsydog
<Content>The best hotel ever       living room of suite  
<Date>Aug 12, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>world122
<Content>Best service in town This hotel has the best service I experienced in all of the 15 different 4* and 5* hotels I stayed in Beijing. Very attentative and friendly service including in the breakfast restaurant. The rooms are nicely traditionally decorated. The location is good (except for the airport). My recommendation if you want to spend the above average price. (Forget about the stupid critics about the Beijing Duck tip from the hotel which is caused by a lack of expericence as all travelers know that hotel booked restaurants are more expensive than restaurants discovered privately)  
<Date>Aug 7, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>GtownHoya
<Content>Elegant and great location My family and I stayed here for 3 nights. It's in a great location, within walking distance of shops, the Forbidden City and Tianneman Square. The Raffles brand is known for its elegant, historic hotels and this one didn't disappoint. The staff were very friendly and helpful, though not all spoke English fluently so we tried to speak some Mandarin as well. The rooms were very spacious with high ceilings and nice amenities that you would expect from a Raffles hotel. (slippers, bathrobes, nice bath products, a menu from which you can order certain pillows from, and a jogging map you can wear around your neck) The breakfast and dinner buffets were top notch, with a mix of upscale western and asian foods. The gym was excellent, plenty of new machines, spacious, and a very attentive front desk man who gave me water at the beginning of my workout and continued to fill it up without me asking. I would highly recommend this hotel if you are staying in Beijing for its location and service.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>pbt_7
<Content>Ruffles Beijing Hotel At the end of July this year I went on a business trip to China and I spent 3 nights in the Ruffles Beijing hotel in Beijing. It is a very nice hotel right in the center of the city. Very close to the Forbiden City and Tian'an Men Square and a few good shopping  people watching spots. Try to stay in the old part of the hotel - the old English style with hardwood floors, marvelous ceilings and huge rooms. We were also able to see the presidential suite and one additional suite dedicated to a local poet - both furnished with pieces from the Ming Dynasty. The only draw back was the staff didn't speak very much English except for a few at the front desk but they overcome it with willingness to help and politeness. The only food we had was the daily breakfast - it was half continental and half Asian, an interesting mix of choices. I recommend to choose one and stick to it, as hard to mix the flavors - trust me! I also tried their spa in one SPA club. This was the first place in China where I was asked to give a tip and when I gave it I was asked to give more.... I am very much OK w/giving tips but on my own terms. This was not OK. Since I booked through our corporate travel  got pre-negotiated price this was also a very reasonable price for the location. Not sure what is the price for a regular traveler... Also, when going back the airport I would recommend just ask to get you a taxi off the street, their cars are just too expensive and a taxi ride would cost you just around 120 CNY. Overall - very good solid place cannot beat the location.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>doesit
<Content>Sanctuary amid chaos! I think the poor reviews are being confused with the Beijing Hotel next door. There is not one bad thing one could say about this hotel. I was not so impressed with Beijing itself, but this place was stellar!!! We stayed in a suite and it was top notch!!! Location could not be better, service was superior and rooms put all other hotels to shame. Without a doubt stay here!!!!  
<Date>Jul 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Mark020
<Content>Best hotel in Beijing This hotel has just been voted best hotel by Harpers. After our 8 night stay i can only say they where right. Be sure to book a landmark room with city view. To some of the former respondents; you prob. stayed at the inferior Beijing Hotel or Bejing Grand. The Raffles is in the same strech of mega -building but in a class of it's own. Loved every minute of our stay. (Althoug Raffles le Royal in Cambodia has a more authentic atmosphere)MarnixAmsterdam  
<Date>Jul 16, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>wjrosie
<Content>Roomy, Beautiful and Luxurious Raffles Beijing is a wonderfully appointed hotel in a great location. The executive rooms were the largest I experienced during my trip to Asia. The hotel amenities are top notch including a roomy and clean fitness room and a great, reasonably priced (by American standards) spa. The morning breakfast buffett was good although not amazing. However, considering it is in Beijing, I'm not sure i would have expected anything more.The service was the lone blemish on this hotel. Sometimes it is up to 5-star quality (bellman, concierge) and other times it seems to be lacking--most notably in the main dining room. I'm not sure if it is a cultural issue or just a different standard, but if they upped the anty on the service, this would be absolutely fabulous.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>aklin
<Content>Great Room and Location, Mediocre Service Some of the previous reviews seem to be referring to the state-run Beijing Hotel, which used to be the Grand Hotel de Pekin. That hotel had two wings, an old 1920s wing and more modern tower. Raffles now occupies about half of the 1920s wing, bissecting the still-operating Beijing Hotel, and also has another modern building in the back. The Raffles Beijing Hotel is far more luxurious than the Beijing Hotel, as befits its management by the Singapore-based Raffles group. The Raffles lobby has been beautifully renovated and is now the only hotel in Beijing to offer the ambience of a historic grand hotel in the European style. I recently spent four nights there.Good things: I stayed in one of the executive rooms in the modern building in back. It was huge, with a separate living room and bedroom and a great bathroom. There was also a lounge for breakfast, afternoon tea and cocktails. It was a nice place to grab extra bottles of the hotel's free bottled water. The hotel's location was fantastic, right between Tiananmen Square and Wangfujing. And though many cabdrivers don't know the Raffles, they all know the Beijing Hotel (Beijing Fandian).Bad things: Though the hotel looks every bit the 5-star hotel that one expects from Raffles, the service was spotty. I emailed the hotel a week before arrival requesting an airport pickup but got no response. I emailed again just before arriving but didn't get a response until a few days after I checked in (I took a cab from the airport). Incredibly, they said the couldn't find my reservation, even though I was already there! The concierge desk was very friendly and secured some restaurant reservations. But a request to check flight schedules to Shanghai was not followed through until I asked again. One thing that really irritated me was the swimming pool and gym facilities, which appeared to be under separate management from the hotel. The pool has a policy requiring all swimmers, male and female, to wear bathing caps. Not only that, they charge 70 yuan (almost $10) for a cap. They are also insistent on the rule to the point of rudeness.I did get a really cheap rate on the hotel, so overall I was quite happy to enjoy the room and location as good values. But if the Raffles were to charge the same rates as other top Beijing hotels, I think I would probably go elsewhere.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2007
<Rating>3	5	5	5	5	4	2	5	

