<Author>debby1986
<Content>Gone with the Wind This year has been very difficult and we needed a place to relax and enjoy each other. The LePavillon Hotel was exactly what we needed. If you have seen the movie Gone w/the Wind then the lobby will be a replica. Of course this is just my opinion. The lobby and the dining room was exquisite. Now I must confess that the room (King size) how ever breathtaking it was, is a little small but still very beautiful. The decor of the bathroom was chic. But you won't be in the room that much because there is so much to do. We were there for five days. Most of the time we rode the street car which is a 1.25 one way. I would also recommend that if you are going to be out pretty late take the taxi from LePavillion to the casino or to the French Quarter. It will run you around $8 or $9 dollars one way. I probably gained 10lbs because food is everywhere. The hotel offers a buffet for $18 have Pat make you an omelet!!!!. Often we would return to the hotel late and would still be hungry. The food from room service was great. It will probably run you around $50 and up. Also, please, please take the Katina tour. What you see in the tourist area is not what you will see during this tour. If while you are on the tour and they don't mention about the bridge that goes to Ward 9, please inquire. Overall we are looking to revisit the LePavillon in April. Oh, I must also tell you don't remove anything from the Refreshment Center unless you are going to pay for it. The refreshment center has a sensor and records everything you remove. I found out the hard way, but they removed it from my bill. I truly enjoyed myself and I can't wait until April (my birthday).  
<Date>Dec 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>LY776
<Content>A Grand Old Hotel In The Big Easy This is a grand hotel with tons of character. A beautiful lobby that looks like it came out of a movie set. Gaudy and over the top, just like something in New Orleans should be.The service was warm without being pushy. Particularly the staff in the Crystal Room Dining Room was particularly pleasant. I had booked on Orbitz and there was a free breakfast buffet included. This was without a doubt the most beautiful breakfast room I have ever eaten in (and I have stayed in a few nice hotels around the world). If I had not had included for free, I am not sure I would have shelled out 17.99 for the breakfast as I don't eat that much. However, the spread was impressive and a great brunch deal for those with an appetite. And unlike the other Orbitz customer who felt they had received a worse room due to this breakfast deal, I was actually given an upgrade for my room.The room itself was well appointed and quiet. The style is Victorian with tall and spacious rooms. Admittedly, this is a 100 year old hotel and not everything is brand spanking new. The bathtub and shower could use a wee bit of an upgrade. But certainly nothing was wrong enough that should put off anyone. The 37 or so pillows on the bed were probably more than I need, but that is the kind of over the top decoration choices that give the hotel its particular charm. I admit I also like a hotel that still gives you personalized terry cloth robes to use, has their own stationery in the rooms, and leaves you a welcome note in an engraved card. The hotel is in walking distance to the French Quarter. There are also some interesting neighborhoods just across the street around the courthouse and other legal buildings and alleys. Sadly, like most of New Orleans in the area you can find many buildings and businesses still waiting to recover from Katrina. Not everything in the hotel was perfect, and any hundred year old hotel has a few frayed edges. At the same time, there are wonderful ornate hallways and public spaces that you rarely find outside of hotels costing many times more. If you want austere, sterile, perfection, you probably are better going with some chic uber modern chain (and probably the New Orleans Big Easy attitude isn't going to be for you anyway). If you want something unique that seems to fit the mood of New Orleans in a grand (but not stuffy) manner - then you're going to like your stay at Le Pavillon.  
<Date>Dec 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>gatorwedsnole
<Content>Pretty lobby, but... I'll start off by saying that I got a great deal on Orbitz that included the breakfast buffet which is valued at $18pp. The food and service was great. And Miss Pat makes amazing omelets!The lobby is nice, holiday decor, etc. Because I booked through Orbitz (at a low rate), I think that we managed to get the worst room in the hotel. Top floor, right next to the entrance to the pool/roof which means we heard a lot of door opening and closing. Also, we had 2 doubles instead of 1 king. The hotel would've charged us extra for a king at check-in b/c we booked thru Orbitz.I was not impressed with the room. Way too much stuff to collect dust IMO. Fake plants, bed ruffles, lace shower curtain with fabric covering, table cloths. Also, the beds weren't comfortable.I can't help but wonder if some of the other rooms might be nicer. The location is great, close enough and far enough from the French Quarter. We had a great rate, and that's what makes my review above average.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2008
<Rating>4	5	2	4	3	4	5	-1	

<Author>cuss
<Content>Beautiful, old-style hotel Grand old hotel located in the Central Business district, a couple short blocks off Canal and Bourbon. Super opulent surroundings with quite small rooms. You wouldn't want to try and get more than 2 in a standard, but that's to be expected from an old boutique.This place is a little less casual than I usually choose, but it certainly is nice. Plus for the roof top pool and hot tub and the complimentary PBJs from 10:00-11:00 each night in the lobby (although people of my ilk will not be around any hotel at that time). This hotel would be an ideal romantic getaway more than anything else. Great, great deals on Hotwire as well.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Junebugs29
<Content>Best Hotel in New Orleans This hotel stands alone in NO. 2 daughters went to college in NO so we have stayed at many of the top hotels over the past 15 years. The extremely friendly staff ( like the Bartender who has been there 34 years, the Doormen, Concierge, Dining Room Staff and Housekeeping ) all seem to enjoy what they are doing. The hotel over 100 years old has been restored to rival any that we have seen. Only the Hotel Regency in Florence is as beautiful ( but much smaller). Even the cab drivers had only good things to say about this hotel!  
<Date>Nov 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ldtrip
<Content>All you could ask for The staff was so courteous, friendly and helpful. Overall service was excellent. The lobby and the rooms are beautiful. It's not your typical chain of hotels - it's very unique and charming. I was there on business and it made my stay very enjoyable. I felt like I was treated like royalty. Highly recommend.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>chrisarnoult
<Content>Pretentious, tacky, and boring If you want to feel like you're staying in your grandmother's attic, you've found your place. The hotel tries too hard to have a renaissance sort of charm without modern amenities. The rooms are dark and stuffy, the comforters are course, and they offer such things as hand drawn baths for 50 dollars. Seriously, I'd rather enjoy a fridge in the room...or maybe a coffee maker, but alas, those sort of amenities wouldn't fit the hotel's motif. The hotel staff are pretentious and rude and the food in the hotel restaurant is terrible. If you want to stay in a place with great hospitality, plush down comforters, fun atmosphere, kind and helpful hotel staff, then stay at the W in the French Quarter.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	1	2	2	2	1	-1	

<Author>jenna4j
<Content>Fit for a king/queen My wife and I have stayed at this hotel twice. Each time, we were truly treated like a king and queen. The staff go out of their way to assist you. They call you by name and recomomend excellent, reasonably priced, high quality resturants. The hotel was so cheap on hotwire.com, this is the only way we plan to book future hotels. The hotel is 4 1/2 stars, so everytime it appears on the list, we will book it.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Splnkr
<Content>The Oysters Pearl of NOLA!       Pav Room  
<Date>Oct 13, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>martypaula
<Content>Top Notch We booked via Hotwire for $78 per night. We were very happy to see the location. We were in town for Tulane Parent's weekend, so the location was central to campus, french quarter, and Magazine Street. Upon arrival, we were swiftly brought in to check in. We were taken to our room by Nabeel ,who was respectful (ladies first on the elevator), informative about the history of the hotel, and just plain friendly. For the next few days, he greeted us by name every time we walked through the lobby. We had limited time for a quick lunch and he quickly pointed us to a local spot called PG just a block away. It was a great reasonable eatery with local specials..crab cakes, jambalaya, shrimp creole. My husband went for breakfast as well . Nabeel should be commended for his representation of this hotel. It is evident that he loves this jewel in the city. Every staff member we encountered during our stay were polite and friendly. One of my favorite things about New Orleans in general is how hard they ty to make you feel welcome. True southern hospitality!The room was small, but adequate. The bathroom small as well. It was very clean and stocked with nice toiletries. When in New Orleans, I don't expect to spend a lot of time in the room, so no complaints. I found the room to be quite sound proof. Hot chocolate (delicious) and peanut butter sandwiches served each evening in the lobby were yummy. Le Pavillon tradition.Although parking was expensive, 28.00 plus about 3.00 tax, Le Pavillon is one of the few upscale hotels that offers free in room wireless internet. I have paid fifteen or more per laptop at other New Orleans Hotels, as well exorbitant parking fees..I would definately stay at this hotel again.A few suggestions for management.....I would love a coffee maker in the room. or complimentary coffee in the lobbyMany of the other upscale hotels offer cold beverages in the lobby late afternoon (lemonade or fruit flavored water), especially refeshing for dehydrated guests.Overall, a great stay!  
<Date>Oct 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JJCajun
<Content>Great Friendly Staff I've stayed at the Pavillon on a number of occasions and have always been impressed at the friendliness of the staff and the high level of customer service.On my recent stay in September, it struck me that I should comment and share my appreciation for the staff and how impressed I was on my recent visit. From the time I entered the door, to the time I left, I saw lots of smiles and attention to guests of the hotel, including myself.I travel quite a bit and it is always nice to stay at a hotel where you feel appreciated.Great breakfast buffet, as well!  
<Date>Oct 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>legalwriter
<Content>Le Pavillion New Orleans HUGE Disappointment ***** Parking is $28.00 a day ******** We were thrilled to see that we were booked at Le Pavillon Hotel after making reservations through Hotwire. However, our experience was anything by thrilling. Our room at the Le Pavillon Hotel left much to be desired. The bed was not comfortable at all and the pillows very cheap feeling. The walls were very thin, so we heard our neighbors, who were pretty rowdy, all night long. The sensors in the mini fridge are obviously very messed up because as we were checking out, we heard two other guests making the same complaint as us in that they we billed in error for removing drinks. Overall, Le Pavillion did not even begin to measure up to the Sheraton in New Orleans, which we also frequently book for about $30.00 a night less via Hotwire. We will not return there again. .  
<Date>Sep 14, 2008
<Rating>2	1	2	3	2	2	2	-1	

<Author>victosh_ka
<Content>One of the best experiences I had! I LOVED it!!! Seriously, I felt as if I am a celebrity or a VIP spending bunch of money for staying at a luxurious boutique hotel. Even before our arrival, we called the hotel to ask about something and the front desk was extremely attentive. Then when we arrived from the bellman to every other staff that we met on the way to the front desk, I felt like I am Madonna or someone super famous: everyone gave us so much attention. The lobby is very antique and feels like I am at some very old mention with grand chandeliers. I asked for the ghosts stories and it was very amusing! My friend and I actually went all around hotel looking for the ghosts. Every corridor has a lot of old paintings, the rooms have very cozy feel to them with nice drapery. The restaurant downstairs has a fireplace, which made me want to go there all the time. There is also a bar next to the dining room featuring an antique cappuccino machine, which looks like an alien. :) They also serve hot chocolate at night and it is SUPER yummy. If it wasn鈥檛 for the hotel, our trip to New Orleans would be a level or two down. Highly recommend it.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sopa72
<Content>A Perfect Stay       elevators in the lobby - even they are pretty!  
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>faithd58
<Content>Firm 4 star hotel We stayed here for four nights July 31-August 4. The hotel is beautiful. It definitely evokes the old world French feeling that one is looking for when staying in New Orleans. Housekeeping was wonderful. Food was a bit pricey when eating at the hotel restaurants and would be described as usual hotel fare.Check in and out were great. We received the local paper daily and USA Today while staying.We had a few small glitches with the plumbing in the bathroom...the water wouldn't turn off every time...we did not report this tho as we usually were able to turn it off. The beds, although beautiful were really not that comfortable...it would behoove the hotel to bump it up on the linens (sheets, pillowcases) and perhaps check out the mattresses.Also, usually in 5* hotels, the management will contact the guest to inquire regarding the room status and to insure all is well after check in. It's a small but important detail.The bartender (I think her name is Gretchen) was very friendly. There was a piano player in the bar on Friday night and he was very good and friendly.The staff were courteous, helpful and pleasant. I was disappointed at times with little things...empty water bottles laying on the ground by the jacuzzi, milk carton left on the outside steps overnight by some guest after the pb j treat which is offered by the hotel gratis. The PB  J treat in the evenings was great. The hot chocolate was excellent.We had originally rented a car and the cost to park at the hotel overnight is 28.00 per night, which is exorbitant and should be reconsidered for hotel guests.When we were leaving, we requested a cab. The bell hop whistled and the cabbie pulled up. His van was disgustingly dirty. The hotel should check this out. Although it wasn't a part of our stay, it was the finish and although it is a cab, the hotel should only solicit those cabbies who provide good, clean service (cabbies generally sit right outside of the hotel)Overall, I would stay here again. We had a wonderful time. The hotel needs to only focus on these few small details in order to be a true 5*.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	5	5	5	

<Author>coolkidhann
<Content>Perfect staff, everything else pretty good too We just returned from our first stay. I have to say that I have never, ever encountered a more helpful staff at any hotel - including Disney hotels. We were treated wonderfully from the moment we arrived until the moment we left. That is definitely the hallmark of the hotel. The room was almost perfect as well. I did notice little imperfections - a dent on a closet shelf, out of date travel brochures, and a faucet that leaked just a little. These were little things. We also had a strange smell outside our room - maybe a strong cleaning agent - not sure.The location is the only downfall for this hotel - especially in the heat of August. It's a good little walk to Jackson Square. Also being downtown, the area was somewhat deserted on the weekend.All in all, we had a great stay and will return. The people alone make it worth the trip.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	2	5	5	5	5	

<Author>FL_Family_Of_005
<Content>Love the PB We spent 3 wonderful nights here in early June. We have stayed in many different hotels all over the city and this one was more than memorable. We had a junior suite with a king size bed. The bed wasn't the most comfortable, but not the worst either. The late night snack of PBJ sandwiches and hot chocolate was a fun, tasty touch. There were different breads and peanut butters to choose from and the hot chocolate was probably the best I have ever had. The air conditioner worked great, which is a big plus in the summer heat in New Orleans.The staff that we came in contact with were very friendly and attentive. Several even remembered our names three days later. Impressive!The rooftop pool and cabanas were very nice. We didn't eat at the hotel restaurant although we did have room service for breakfast which was very good and fairly priced for room service.We will stay here again I am sure!  
<Date>Jul 30, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>IntricateTimes
<Content>4-Star Stay Beautiful hotel. Very clean and well-kept. The staff was extremely friendly and helpful. The only down-side of my stay was the full-sized beds were not very accommodating for two adults. The rooms were a liitle small, but served their purpose.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Jaillet
<Content>As nice as any Ritz Carlton that we have ever stayed at       The Beautiful Lobby  
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Diggadave
<Content>A Grand Dame of New Orleans. I haven't been New Orleans for almost 6 years when I stayed at the Crown Plaza. Le Pavillion won my business this time based on the reviews on Trip Advisor and the fact that the rates were so much better. The area is the business district, and the hotel is about 8 blocks north of the convention centre and 4 blocks from the French Quarter. The room was clean and nicely appointed, the bed comfortable. The a/c was a little noisy, but then, it was battling the New Orleans summer hummidity. The reception staff could be a little more welcoming when you arrive, but were very pleasant once I was checked in. I would definitely stay again.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	3	3	4	

<Author>craldiri
<Content>Beautiful Exterior...But What Lies Beneath Hotel is in a good location, has a great deal of classic decor and charm and some staff are courteous. When I arrived ready to unload bags and passengers I was initially annoyed by the doorman who wanted me to somehow park further to the right than was physically possible. Recommendation - Doorman should be extra courteous and understanding to make up for a very small driveway. He ultimately amended himself. Parking fee seemed high at over $30 for one night as compared to a recent trip to Northern California staying at the Renaissance. The registration area also seems small as compared to other hotels and is further obscured by a huge plant separating the two work stations. I almost missed it walking into the hotel. Somehow their registration system had me down for two nights, when I had booked only one night. Desk person was beginning to argue how many nights I had checked in until I showed her the printed receipt clearly pointing out one night. This was the second bad impression, but she too also regulated herself and we concluded the business at hand. The young bellman who helped us to the room with our bags made a very positive impression. He was well-spoken, courteous, not overly intrusive with questions. Even when he offered to orient us to our room (something I never accept), I said ok. Main difficulty was that the room we stayed in (609) is very dusty, dark and smells of mold and mildew. Positively cavelike. Bath had visible signs of mold. In fact the entire 6th floor smells musty. This gives the impression of lack of care and led me to wonder whether there might be health risks in ordering food or using the hotel's other amenities like the pool. Concierge gave us some good ideas for a family friendly dinner. PBJ reception is the first I ever attended and it is a nice idea, unfortunately executed poorly. Hot chocolate was finished by the time daughter and I got there. Lack of more than one serving station meant everyone had to line up which made this nice idea a chore. Recommendation - Multiple serving stations that are staggered throughout the lobby so that only minimal lines are formed. The lack of adequate numbers of staff when checking out made it take longer than it needed to and required lining up or waiting when the only person on duty managing the desk needed to also check someone's baggage. Thankfully there was a quick checkout option. This is a beautiful historic hotel that could be great with a bit more investment in the infrastructure, staff training and better overall management.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	3	4	4	

<Author>Cyanyde
<Content>Luxury Hotel       lobby  
<Date>Jul 25, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Sara_in_CA
<Content>Wonderful Hospitality  The staff at this hotel is extremely warm, friendly and helpful. The rooms are spacious, beautifully decorated, the showers have huge showerheads with great water pressure, the pool on the rooftop is open until 1am and has an amazing view of the city and skyscrapers, and the hotel serves peanut butter and jelly sandwiches with hot chocolate every night from 10 - 11pm. The helpful staff gave wonderful recommendations (Luke restaurant) and greeted us each day by name. I would stay here again, without a doubt! By far the best hotel in New Orleans and close to everything!  
<Date>Jul 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>pussicatmeow
<Content>wow!!! This is super luxury at its finest. Forget the Ritz or the Marriott this is not a chain. All you get here is personalize loving care. From the drawn New Orleans Voodoo bath to the turn down service, this is one of the best hotels ever!Forget mini size toiletries, you get full size shampoos, lotions, and soap on a rope. Did I mention the restaurant? OK, a bit pricy, but mmm so worth it. I wish I had another stomach. Great bar too. I love New Orleans! And the staff remembered us by name. They set us up with tours, shuttles and great New Orleans info. I wish I could take them home. I鈥檒l be back!  
<Date>Jul 23, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Brenkay
<Content>One of my favorite hotels!!! Le Pavillon is by far one of my favorite hotels that I have stayed in. Le Pavillon has so much character and charm. If you like old world charm and historical monuments this is a hotel you must stay in when visiting New Orleans.. It is very beautful and stunning, the employees of the hotel work very hard to keep this wonderful property in great shape and it shows. I have stayed at several Ritz Carlton's in my lifetime and this hotel comes close to those experiences. Love its location and the secure feel of the hotel and area in which it is located. Le Pavillon is a very short walk to the French Quarter, only 3 blocks. Did not feel at all threatened or fear for my security when walking to the French Quarter. The hotel staff is extremely accommodating and knowledgeable. They are very respectful, polite and very aware of their guests and their needs. They truly enjoy their jobs and that is hard to find these days, especially in the hospitality industry! I would HIGHLY recommend this property and I am looking forward to my next stay with everyone at Le Pavillon. Good luck to whomever reads this and I am sure your experience will be as pleasant as mine was.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>bjcTx
<Content>Wonderful!!! The hotel upgraded me from a standard to deluxe at check in for no additional cost. Lovely hotel. The employees all were very helpful, courteous and friendly. Our room was exceptionally nice. We did not eat at the hotel. We knew when we checked in that we would have to walk to everything but it was enjoyable. A few blocks doesn't hurt anybody or they can certainly take a taxi. Definitly will return and stay at this hotel! 5 star all the way.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Terry9
<Content>A Hotel to Remember A lot of nice hotels in New Orleans seem to still be at get-tourists-here prices, but our stay at Le Pavillon seemed like a steal for the Hotwire price of $74 a night. Except for one edgy desk person (we won't hold that against the hotel), the staff exudes service. The hotel's location wasn't as close to the French Quarter as we would have liked, but the concierge gave us great advice on where and when it's safest to walk there (which we enjoyed).The hotel is beautiful, not only in the amazing lobby, but also in the rooms. I've never seen such a beautiful sink in a hotel room! The beds were high end comfort and bathroom amenities were top of the line. We did miss the in-room coffee maker that the other hotels we stayed at provided, but we found free bottled water available in the fitness room. The roof top pool was pretty, but small and cold, but the view was worth going up for. Of course, not to be missed, is PBJ hour. It was worth keeping our kids up for. We decided peanut butter and jelly sandwiches and hot cocoa never tasted so good!  
<Date>Jul 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	2	5	5	

<Author>NYCtravelboy
<Content>Amazing Staff and hotel This was one of the best hotels I have ever stayed at. Rooms are lovely. They do differ in size. We had a larger room with a walk in closet and a nice bathroom with tub. The property itself is 101 years old and very well maintained. What makes this place memorable is the staff. Each and every person we met had a smile and were outstanding employees. The main restaurant is excellent. The menu varied and the employees memorable. I look forward to returning to this gem. If you get a chance to visit, take it!  
<Date>Jul 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jack78Raleigh
<Content>Great Hotel and Great City My stay at Le Pavillon could not have been any better. When you enter the hotel lobby, it is immediately evident a great deal of love and care has gone into maintaining this beautiful and historic hotel. I can imagine this hotel probably looks as good or better now than it did when it opened over 100 years ago. This attention to detail carries over to the guest rooms. The suite we stayed in was imaculately maintained with beautiful antiques throughout.Perhaps more impressive than the building was the hotel staff. Often hotels of this caliber can be stuffy and pretentious. Not Le Pavillon. I have never felt so welcome and at home in a hotel before in my life! Le Pavillon captures the essence of what makes New Orleans such a special city (the people and culture). Make sure you have breakfast in the Crystal Room and let Ms. Pat make you a special omlet. She is unforgetable.By the way, New Orleans is definitely getting back in the swing of things. The streets in the French Quarter are extremely clean and the food is better than ever.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TravellinwithFamily
<Content>A historic hotel, wonderful staff My husband and I stayed at Le Pavillon for one week in June, while he attended a conference in NOLA. Consistent with other reviewer comments, the first room assigned, was small for the large size furniture it was expected to accommodate and it also needed some TLC. When we mentioned our concerns to front desk staff, they addressed each quickly. We had opportunity to move to a larger room, when another couple checked out, and enjoyed it immensely for the balance of our stay. The staff from the front desk, housekeeping, bar and dining room were impeccable in their service delivery and general friendliness. We enjoyed the roof top pool and hot tub, cabanas, and the late night peanut butter and jelly sandwich tradition at this fine hotel. The elegance of the hotel, coupled with the warmth of the people we met, made for an excellent first trip to NOLA, start to finish. Le Pavillon, and its staff, will remain a wonderful part of our memories of this great City still recovering post Katrina.Tip for the Do it Yourself Traveller: Get a ride all day $5.00 pass for the Transit from Guest Services. Take the St. Charles Streetcar to the Garden District to enjoy the fine homes and universities. Consider getting off at Washington Avenue to visit Lafayette Cemetery, and enjoy a snack or meal at the Camellia Grill or Le Madeline at the end of the line before catching another streetcar back to the hotel. The stop for the St. Charles streetcar is less than a block from Le Pavillon. Enjoy!  
<Date>Jun 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>anthropomom
<Content>An Historic Jewel in the Heart of the City! This hotel was built in 1907 and it is located a few blocks away from Canal Street, which separates the old French Quarter area from the other parts of town. You are not in the noisy or rowdy parts of town here, and your accomodations are not strictly as modern as they might be at some of the newer properties, but there is a grace about Le Pavillon that is very appealing, especially if you are a grownup (of any age). Enjoy the Victorian feel of the loby and lounge with its glorious chandeliers; and the late night snacks provided in the lobby.The management and the staff are nothing but courteous and helpful. Some of our fellow visitors said that their room was too small perhaps, but we could not complain as we were upgraded quite grandly from the room we had reserved.My family especially enjoyed the rooftop pool at night. When we were there, we had it almost to ourselves with the exception of another small group with whom we shared some great conversation. It's not a kid's splashy type of situation- again this is an elegant lady of a property, a great value for its location and quietness. Valet parking is standard at Le Pavillon. You will pay a fee for it but parking in New Orleans is going to cost money any-which-way you look.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>asf1950
<Content>Great Deal at $100 Per Night We called the hotel directly and our four-night stay cost us just $450 including all taxes -- and we were upgraded to a deluxe king room. The room was smallish and narrow, and the bathroom could have used a lot more shelf space. Still, everything was clean and dirt-free (except for a few areas which required the moving of furniture), and nicely appointed. Pros: free bottled water, turn-down service, plenty of towels, a good bed, lots of hot water and solid water pressure, shower head high on wall, room-darkening curtains, friendly and competent staff (especially the taxi starters and bell staff).Cons: bottom sheet of bed not fitted, ineffective half-size splash-guard in shower, air conditioner makes loud pops if fan set to auto, bathroom door opens outward (due to sink placement), shower head is non-adjustable, we had to ask for more pillows (only got three), the usual hallway noise/talking and slamming of doors, pricey room service.The hotel is a few blocks from the French Quarter, and we took a lot of streetcars and taxis during our stay to get to other attractions. It's in a business area, which seemed quiet, well-lit and safe, even during a late-night walk back to the hotel. The rooftop pool and jacuzzi were more appealing in the photos. Overall, the place's sparkling appearance belies its age of 100 years. Recommended.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	3	4	4	5	4	

<Author>kmcjd72
<Content>Loved the charm! If you like historic hotels, this is place to be. The grandeur of the place wows most people. We even considered this place for our wedding! My only complaint about the rooms is that some may need to be updated.Not only is the place gorgeous, but service is impeccable.The staff is friendly, courteous, and accommodating. Out of 4 stays, we may have had a problem *once* with a slightly slooow valet. Warning: If this is your first time visiting NOLA, be prepared to pay $25-30 a night for parking at any hotel. Le Pav is a few blocks from the Quarter, but is worth the walk or cab ride -- highly recommended on a hot New Orleans summer day!  
<Date>Jun 10, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jgmorgan
<Content>Five Star Service This was the second time I stayed at Le Pavillon, this time I was joined by my husband and infant daughter. The hotel's staff goes well beyond expectations to provide a luxurious stay. During breakfast in the Crystal Room, the waitstaff would recall our drink preferences and bring us everything right away. The entire staff was helpful with my baby, and they were so warm that it felt like we were a part of their extended family.Our rooms were immaculate, and we enjoyed the nightly turndown service where they left cookies and bottled water for us. At 10 pm, the hotel also served complimentary pbj sandwiches and hot chocolate in the opulent lobby.The concierge helped us arrange tours and expertly answered our questions. The valet, meanwhile, assisted me in taking my baby out of the rental car and cabs (when I didn't feel like taking the rental car).I would not dream of staying anywhere else in NOLA. Le Pavillon offers a one-of-a-kind experience.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MikePotter
<Content>Le Pavillon in New Orleans is my favorite! It's been quite some time since I've stayed here but it's definitely left a lasting impression. For 3 years in a row, I would travel down to New Orleans for Halloween and on this year I chose to stay at Le Pavillon. Previously I'd stayed at The Hotel Intercontinental and The Westin. Nice places but my experience at Le Pavillon far surpassed them!I took two of my friends with me as a gift to them and they were really happy at the hotel choice! We spent a lot of time up on the roof where the pool and whirl pool were ordering drinks and just enjoying ourselves. It was like being at a resort!Their fitness center was very adequate and helped me sweat out my hangover on one morning!The room, hotel decor, and staff were superior.I'm going back to New Orleans this year after few years and I will certainly be staying at Le Pavillon. I'll be the one in the whirl pool with a beer in my hand.Mike  
<Date>Jun 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Gypsy502
<Content>Le Pavillon- Greatest Hotel I've ever been to! My stay at Le Pavillon was wonderful, it was a beautiful hotel and the staff was really great. The peanut butter and jelly and hot cocoa at 10:00 was a nice touch too. The hotel was within walking distance of many of the places I wanted to go and within walking distance of trolleys that could take me to the places I couldn't walk to. When I wanted to rest for awhile the roof top pool was convienently located near by. I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone, especially if you've never stayed in a historic hotel.  
<Date>May 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>bigd79
<Content>Great place to stay in the Big Easy The Le Pavillon Hotel is very impressive place to stay in New Orleans. Its close enough to the Quarter to be a lot of fun but far away enough to avoid a lot of the undesirables. The location is in the heart of the business district/downtown. The decor is classy and the staff are really helpful. The best bonus: PBJ's and milk at ten o'clock every night. Now how great is that!  
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jhm539
<Content>Absolutely Fabulous!!!! The property was amazing and the staff went out of their way to make sure our stay was seamless. Walking through the lobby made every step seemed like a fairy tale; between the beautiful furniture and exquisitely decorated rooms it certainly surpassed my expectations. The PBJ and Hot Chocolate at night was the perfect ending an even more than perfect day. I can't wait to have an opportunity to go back and add to my wonderful memories.  
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>GabbieGirl
<Content>Wow! A MUST! Wow! We were very impressed and loved this hotel. It is unique and charming... It's like stepping back in another world. We loved the peanut butter and jelly with hot chocolate gathering time. The roof top pool is amazing as are the quaint cabanas. Staff was super nice, rooms were spectacular. Will return to this hotel without a doubt when in New Orleans!! Beyond our expectations!! A real treat!!  
<Date>May 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ChrisIsOnTheRoad
<Content>Charm, Class and History Read the TripAdvisor reviews prior to our visit. Let me see if I can provide some of the clarity I was looking for before our stay. Le Pavillon Hotel is a grand, older hotel. It was built in 1907 and is (do the math) now over 100 years old. In my experience there are both advantages and compromises in staying at such a property. I like my history but I also like my latest and greatest features and technology and I'm generally not a BB guy. Le Pavillon is definitely worth some of the compromises.The location is good if you want to be near the Superdome, Central Business District and French Quarter. The good news if you want it a bit quieter at night is that you are very near but not in the French Quarter. We booked on Hotwire and as other reviewers have suggested upgraded to a Deluxe King room. Room service was excellent and prompt. In general the service was tremendous from every staff member that we encountered. Very attentive. For example as I was ordering a snack one afternoon the phone seemed to keep cutting out. Before the snack even arrived a maintenance person was there to repair the phone.... And we hadn't reported a phone problem. Will definitely stay there again.  
<Date>May 17, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>michelleluvsmax
<Content>One of the BEST Went toHotwire to book a last minute get away. I booked not knowing which hotel. I was very nervous, I had never done that before, It was WORTH IT. Le Pavillon, was beautiful. The beds were comfy, it was very clean,. The satff was excellent. We will definately stay there again. It was an experience just staying at the hotel. The pool area was very beautiful. I have absolutely no complaints!!!  
<Date>May 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>biker3
<Content>Fantastic Excellent small hotel with lots of New Orleans charm and architecture. We have stayed here a few times and have consistently found the staff attentive and excellent. Its location is central and an easy walk to the French Quarter. Its restaurant has excellent food, especially the brunch. Scott Foster Massachusetts  
<Date>May 13, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>B0bL
<Content>A Special Hotel I鈥檒l start by saying that we loved our stay at Le Pavillon. Then go on to say that this may not be the hotel for everyone. This is not a national chain hotel; it is a place that is so rich in tradition and elegance that some may feel uncomfortable in a place that it is not decorated by Cort Furniture, with gas station art on the walls, lumpy beds and stiff scratchy linens. Le Pavillon is unique. It is beautifully appointed, spotlessly clean and very gracious. The room in which we stayed was very comfortable though could have used a bit more flat surface space. Having read many of the reviews before our stay we were a bit worried about the bedding. We had no reason to. The king sized bed was almost as comfortable as our 5鈥?pillow top. The room was beautiful, the chairs comfortable  the rest of the furniture was quite elegant. The bathroom was incredible. It was entirely modernized with very sexy black tiles and the wall above the countertop was mirrored from backsplash to ceiling. The shower head was a beautiful ceramic 鈥渟quash flower鈥?with plenty of pressure and hot water. Nice bathrobes were provided and there were large towels aplenty. One of the best I鈥檝e seen in my travels.We arrived fairly early in the day and were given an early check in. When we came back in from an hour stroll around the area we found a basket of fruit and a bottle of their own bottled local spring water in the room. While reading the hotel directory I noticed that coffee makers were available by calling guest services. I called and within an hour they delivered a coffee maker, oversized cups and Community Coffee. This was kept stocked for entire stay. After returning from dinner we found our bed turned down, two more bottles of water and two peanut butter and jelly cookies with the recipe on our night table. This was repeated each night.The hotel staff was fantastic. Every request that we made was granted. One of the nights was my wife鈥檚 birthday and she wanted a Muffelatta from Napoleon House but they stop serving food at 5:30 and that was too early for us so I asked the concierge if we could bring one in and have it heated up in their kitchen. 鈥淵es sir just ask the hostess and we鈥檒l take care of it for you鈥?was the answer. When the time came I spoke with the hostess and gave directions on the proper heating of the sandwich which meant wrapped in tinfoil in the oven for twenty to thirty minutes not the microwave. It was done to perfection. On the way back to the room we were the envy of all of the guest that we ran into.The Concierge staff was extremely knowledgeable and helpful. We wanted to visit a cemetery and they recommended a tour with a non profit that is involved with the cemetery rather that a crowded tour operated by one of the big companies. The same kind of recommendation was made for a bayou tour.Our only complaint was there was that the room refrigerator was filled with mini bar items. We prefer our own favorite beverages and foods whilst traveling but when we requested and extra ice bucket one was delivered immediately.All in all a very satisfying stay and we will stay again next year when we return for Jazz Fest.A big thanks to the staff of Le Pavillon  
<Date>May 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>LadyDiNewOrleans
<Content>Love Le Pavillon This is one of the most beautiful hotels in New Orleans! We hung out by the pool and had some drinks at the bar. The breakfast bufffet was most delicious - everyone should try the bacon and waffles! I love seeing the artwork hanging all over the hotel and the furniture (especially the mirrors) is simply beautiful. The staff is always so polite and helpful - it feels like you've stepped back in time to an era of elegance and luxury.Diane Terrell  
<Date>Apr 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Didrick
<Content>Doesn't live up to its own opinion of itself We booked two rooms at this hotel for three nights in April, partly based on glowing reports on Tripadvisor. It was our first visit to New Orleans and we knew the hotel was going to be somewhat over the top in terms of presentation and decor.But behind the showy facade there was little to justify the $250 per room per night. The hotel staff mostly weren't able to live up to the expectations presented by the in-house PR team. Some were downright miserable. Yet every morning a note from management was left on the bed, written in peculiarly servile language, explaining how dedicated the staff are to granting peace and rest while under our roof. Cool. So why vacuum the hall outside the room at 8.30am to wake us up? And why fill the room with all those decorative pillows yet provide next to nowhere to put our clothes? And why no tea and coffee making facilities in the room? The note goes on, May every call you make, every message you receive and every person you meet add to your joy. Great. So why try to charge us six times for breakfast we'd prepaid, why charge us for parking a car we didn't have and why insist on using our first names but get them wrong in spite of repeated corrections? If you don't take this place seriously - before you go to bed they serve free jam sandwiches among the vast array of artworks in the lobby for heaven's sake - you'll enjoy this place but no way is it worth the money. And don't believe the hype.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2008
<Rating>2	1	2	3	4	2	2	3	

<Author>Soes1
<Content>Loved Le Pavillon! Le Pavillon is one of the finest hotels in New Orleans. We got treated very well during our week long stay. Hotel is very clean and luxurious. Rooms are large with upscale features. We got to know many staff members by name. This was the best hotel staff I have seen anywhere. Hotel offered the following that we really liked: Evening cocktail reception, turndown service, late evening reception including ice cold milk and other good stuff, chef prepared gourmet breakfast. We took advantage of a GREAT deal. All taxes, French Quarter parking, and all of the above for the bargain price of $125 per night. I would consider that a steal for this 5 Star hotel. We will be back. Had a great time. Hotel is located just a few blocks outside of the Quarter. It really is a great location.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MDeRousse
<Content>Don't let the lobby deceive you The lobby looks promising, but that's about it. If you book over internet you will be given a very small room. Carpets, drapes etc smell musty. Staff is friendly, but this place needs a major overhaul.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	3	1	3	3	3	

<Author>wisgirl01
<Content>Impeccable service! Just returned from my stay at Le Pavillion, which was wonderful. I visit New Orleans several times a year and have stayed in many different hotels there, this was my second stay at Le Pavillion. I am also a frequent business traveler. While the hotel is in a great location, and doesn't compare to other 4 stars I've stayed in bedding or amenity-wise, the stellar service is what made my experience memorable. Here is why:1. My luggage did not arrive on my flight, and was delivered to the hotel several hours later. While I was in the check-in line, the bellman, Nabil, asked if he could help me. I told him with a smile, No thanks, just checking in, with no luggage. He asked right away if I needed a toothbrush or anything. I said that would be great. He came back a few seconds later with a toothbrush, paste and deoderant. I did not ask for this, he was just attentive and it was very appreciated.2. My luggage came very late that night (230am) and it was wet. The desk attendant asked if there was anything I needed as my bag was wet - again, attention to detail that was not asked for. 3. The next morning was a bit chilly, but I visited the pool anyway. I was the only one there, reading my paper on a chaise. A housekeeper came out to blow leaves off the patio with a blower. I didn't care, she was just doing her job. About 2 minutes into this, someone came out and called her away. She came back and said, I'm so sorry to have disturbed you and began to sweep the leaves up instead of blow them. I told her she did not disturb me, it was fine. But what?? Someone was aware that one guest was out there, so she changed her routine to accomodate. Again, I didn't care or complain about this. 4. When I was leaving my room to check out, a housekeeper had just stepped off the elevator and was going down the hall in the opposite direction. She saw me come out of my room, from quite far away, and went back to the elevator to hold the door for me. 5. When I checked out, there was a mistake on my bill from the service bar that I did not even know about. The desk agent, who was training asked if I had anything from the service bar. I told her what I had, she said, well this is an error then, I will adjust your bill and she credited me $56. Once again, unsolicited. I was truly amazed by the level of service exhibited by every single person I encountered during this stay. While the rooms are not the newest, or the beds the best, and there was no coffee maker in the room - that is not what will stand out in my mind. The excellent service and attitude of the employees is what made this stay most enjoyable. I would have no hesitation to return or recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>katamie
<Content>The Best! Le Pavillon was a great stay from start to finish. The hotel itself is grand - the lobby is like walking into a French Palace with the beautiful chandeliers and antique furniture. The staff of the hotel were so friendly and helpful - every single one that you passed in the hallway would say hello and perhaps ask about your stay. We did not get one of the premium rooms, but the one we had was more than enough. It was large, it had beautiful furniture, a fridge, a safe, and although the bathroom was not huge, it was very nice with adequate room. The Crystal Room had fabulous Breakfast and Lunch Buffets, and the Bar menu and room service menu were also great. The Peanut Butter Sandwich tradition in the evenings was so much fun! Although we didn't use the rooftop pool and spa, I would make sure to make sue of them the next time! The hotel is a few blocks outside the French Quarter but close enough that walking to the Quarter is not an issue, and it doesn't hurt to burn a few extra calories after eating all that great food! I accidentally left a pair of pants when we checked out. When I contacted the hotel, they did in fact have them and they were terrific about getting them shipped back to me.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Nash_Andrew
<Content>Great Service, Average Room at Le Pavillon       Bathroom  
<Date>Apr 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	3	3	5	5	-1	

<Author>Tarheel21
<Content>OK hotel but not great I booked this hotel based on the reviews on this website at the time I was looking to make a reservation. My husband and I are here for a conference without the kids so we wanted a nice place to stay. I've been screwed before staying at hotels where the conferences are hosted so we were looking for something different. When I booked on this website, this hotel was ranked #1 of all the hotels in NOLA. Well, now I know the #1 was way over the top. The hotel is historic but I think that must mean shabby. The paint in our room is peeling, the A/C is REALLY loud and the toilets don't flush very well. The worst part is the bed - it is really old and worn out. The hotel website says the bed has luxury linens but that is a gross exaggeration. These linens are exactly like every other hotel I've ever stayed in. I consider the linens at the Ritz to be luxury and these are nothing like that. There are no fitted sheets and every time my husband turns over, the sheets come off the bed on his side and get all lumpy. The pillows are as bad as a previous poster said. We called down over an hour ago for new pillows but no one has shown up with them yet. The staff is sort of friendly but nothing like what has been described in prior posts. I don't see anyone going out of their way to assist us. The hotel is in a nice location - right between the Riverwalk and just far enough out of the French Quarter to get away from all the drunks when you've had enough. Overall, a very average hotel with a few unique historic touches.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	4	3	3	2	4	

<Author>srstraveler
<Content>Worst experience ever My husband and I had planned a quick weekend getaway to New Orleans. Unfortunately because of bad weather in New Orleans late Friday night when we were supposed to get in our flight ended up getting diverted to Houston after hours of trying to land, refueling and trying to land again. We had originally not planned to get into New Orleans until after midnight and had called the hotel to let them know we'd be in late. After we finally landed the next morning in Houston we called the hotel to tell them why we had never made it the night before. We were told no problem, your room will be waiting for you when you get here. We had booked through Hotwire so we had already paid in advance. By the time we made it to the hotel Saturday afternoon when we finally got to New Orleans, we were first told our room was not ready. We asked if we could have our money back since the room was not ready and we didn't use the room Friday night. We figured the room would be ready if they were still holding it for us from the night before. We spoke to the manager to see what she could do. When we told her about the issue she informed us we had no room at all and they had given it away because we were a no show. She didn't seem to care that someone on her staff told us they were holding our room. She also told us good luck at getting our money back from Hotwire, she could do nothing for us. We ended up checking in at a nicer hotel and after much discussion with Hotwire we finally got them to refund our money. Don't take your chance on staying here!  
<Date>Apr 9, 2008
<Rating>1	1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	-1	

<Author>Crescentcityfan
<Content>A brilliant hotel in every respect This hotel has real old-fashioned New Orleans charm with its oil paintings and antiques. The hotel overall was very nice and just the right distance away from the French Quarter but what made our stay really special was the service and the staff, particulary the staff in the dining room at breakfast and the porters. The service they offer is not only better than in any other 4 or 5 star hotel I have stayed at (and I have stayed at quite a few!) but they are so charming and friendly you leave the hotel each day with a big smile on your face - I was hoping for some of the famous Southern hospitality and I definitely got it at this hotel! I can definitely recommend the Hurricaine cocktail made by the nice German bartender lady (better than the one I had at Pat OBrien's!) and Miss Pettie's Bananas Foster waffles were absolutely devine! What a charming, delightful hotel - it certainly contributed towards a very good first impression of New Orleans. I would highly recommend New Orleans and this hotel to anybody. What a contrast to the sea of miserable faces I was greeted with when I arrived back in London!  
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	4	4	5	5	

<Author>managanm
<Content>Nightmare. Will Never Return. I stayed at Le Pavillion several times as a child and chose to stay there for a quick trip to New Orleans. Huge mistake. As I was checking in, a bellman snatched my keys from desk in front of me and took off. I thought he was a valet, which was why I wasn't so alarmed at the outset. Well, bellman decided to do a number of things with my car, none of which were cool. He changed my CD selection, sorted through my CDs, scratched some of my CDs. Then, the next morning, I noticed that the driver's side seat was wet....hmmm, wonder what that could be. (There were no liquids in the car whatsoever...not a water bottle, not anything.) Anyway, when I notified the hotel, they acknowledged that the bellman had been in my car and that they had fired him. However, they didn't offer to pay for my scratched CDs or for the cleaning of my car, which now had a soaked front seat...soaked with God knows what. Needless to say, I shall never book another stay at this hotel and will discourage all of my friends from ever staying there.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	2	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>604847
<Content>Easter Weekend at NOLA Overall the Hotel was a good value for the price we paid, we booked thru Hotwire. The staff was friendly always and helpfull when asked. The rooms were clean, I did not see any problems in the bathroom but I did feel the beds and pillows very old, the pillows are very worn out and some of the mattreses feel old. The AC controls are old and dont seem to work very well.The peanut butter and jelly offered at night is good but you have to wait thru a long line because the hotel only pulls out a tray with bread and a single container with peanut butter for everybody.Overall my experience was good, I think we received what we paid for.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	3	3	4	4	4	

<Author>HopSkipJump
<Content>I love this hotel There's some bad but overall, it's great. First, the bad:1. Ok, it's me. I'll admit it. I'm very picky about pillows. I can't stand skinny hotel pillows and even though there were a lot of them -- and some of them were quite LONG, they were all really flat. I tried stacking them or folding them in half but they wouldn't stay put and I thought all was lost until I decided to take one out of its pillow case, fold it in half width-wise and put it back in the case. Problem solved! Since it was such a LONG pillow to begin with, it ended up half as long but still long enough.2. This hotel is in the central business district, 4 blocks from the edge of the French Quarter. It takes about 15 minutes to walk to the center of the French Quarter or a few minutes by taxi or by street car. This did not bother us at all but if you want to be able to stumble out of a bar and into your hotel, this isn't the place for you. If you do walk, go south on Poydras (in front of the hotel) and then turn left to get to the French Quarter. If you do the opposite (go east, along the side of the hotel and then turn south to enter the Quarter), it takes longer since the streets are not in a perfect grid, there. It's also a prettier walk down Poydras than the other way,Now, the good...1. The hotel is beautiful. The front of the building is much nicer than it looks on the website and the lobby is gorgeous as is the dining room (including its large fireplace) and bar area.2, The room was large and beautifully furnished. (A previous poster said the room was small?!). There was room for 2 queen beds plus a desk on one side and a round table with 2 large arm chairs on the other. That's big enough, isn't it? The bath had been remodeled and the shower was taller than me at 6'3 (1.9 m).3. The night-time peanut butter and jelly buffet with hot cocoa was great fun.4. There was free, 24-hour internet access via a PC on the second floor (for those of us who don't like dragging our lap tops with us). Ask for the password at the front desk.5. EVERYONE who worked there was incredibly kind and thoughtful. We were given great recommendations for a jazz club as well as a place for pecan pie.6. The rooftop pool is on the small size but New Orleans is not really a resort city so we weren't put off by it. We did relax and talk on 2 chaise lounges, that are away from the pool in a little cabana, one late afternoon for about 2 hours and watched the sky get dark.7. We got the room on Hotwire for $90-something and it was a great value.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	3	-1	5	5	4	

<Author>SteveBazakas
<Content>Great location, great service We booked this on Hotwire.This is an older, grand hotel, which has been well-maintained, and my teenaged daughters got a kick out of the decor. The staff is extremely nice and helpful. My only complaint would be the bedding, which is very good, but it has been surpassed by the chains in the similar category. The rooms are on the smaller side, but really not a problem, unless you had four people in them. The shower was excellent, and the size of the bathroom was more than adequate.It was a ten minute walk to the French Quarter, right on to Bourbon Street. Also, you are a block from the St. Charles street car, which we easily took up to the stop in front of Tulane. We had room service one morning and it was very good.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>moon99
<Content>Disappointed.. The hotel photos on their website are misleading. The hotel must have been grand and beautiful once but it has been badly maintained. Rather disappointing actually with chipped marble in the bathrooms and century old drapes.I was also (unpleasantly) surprised by the fitness center where none of the machines worked and the pool which was really tiny (not like the picture on the web). The wireless mostly did not work of course.On a positive note, the staff was really helpful and courteous and the restaurant food was pretty good.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>superjacques
<Content>Better Choices Available I am a native New Orleanian and at the time was living about 100 miles away and traveling back and forth for business and leisure weekly. I routinely stay at the Omni Royal Orleans as well as the Sheraton on Canal Street for the same approximate price and have found the staff to be much more friendly at those hotels than at Le Pavilion. The rooms can be very small, minibar ridiculously expensive (even for New Orleans), and the parking very high. Also, I happened to stay the last time during some event and had to wear a wristband to get to my room like I was a kid on spring break. Very obnoxious. I cut it off because I could not sleep with it on and they charged me $35 for another one in the morning after I was refused access to the elevator to my room! Not a terrible hotel, quite beautiful lobby and close to the Superdome but there are much better choices available in the French Quarter.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	5	1	1	4	

<Author>dwtravelbug
<Content>Great hotel !! What a great experience! We wanted something JUST outside the French Quarter for Mardi Gras and this was perfect. Outstanding bellmen, concierge and desk attendants---beautiful lobby, bar, and rooms.........nice rooftop pool and hot tub....and peanut butter and jelly sandwiches and hot chocolate every night!! We have stayed at over 10 different hotels on our trips to this fantastic city and this was definitely one of the best....do not hesitate to book here!!!  
<Date>Mar 5, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>smileyHere
<Content>There's no place like home...unless it's Le Pavillon!!! As a business traveler who spends up to 40 weekends a year in different hotels throughout the country, and occasionally a few other countries, I tend to become overly picky by the end of my stays. There's no place like home after all, unless it's Le Pavillon Hotel it turns out! The beauty and splendor of this fine establishment is immediately recognized when one walks through the doors...the heart and soul is felt with each encounter one has with the staff! And you absolutely HAVE to have a PBJ with milk in the lobby at the end of the night! I have never been so well cared for, though perhaps the Stan Hope Central Park in NYC and the Intercontinental in Seoul have tried. I have never seen such a well-preserved and well-maintained historical hotel, though The Emily Morgan in San Antonio and The Jerome in Aspen do their best. Never have I felt so at home while feeling so pampered while traveling for work or pleasure. Since I do both in New Orleans as often as possible I promise myself to always do whatever I can to stay at Le Pavillon!  
<Date>Mar 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Montremblant
<Content>Le Pavillon is wonderful! We trusted Trip Advisor and booked Le Pavillon through Hotwire. We upgraded our room to a deluxe king after reading the reviews here as well.The room was lovely - with everything you need and nothing you don't. I laughed at the recent poor review where the couple requested a microwave in their room!!There is plenty of room in the armoire  closet to store belongings and housekeeping will quickly and happily furnish you with extra pillows. The sheets are not fitted ( as with most better hotels) but they are crisp  clean and stay ON the bed . The furnishings are in keeping with the grand old style of the beautiful hotel - the details are exquisite e.g. painted ceilings, crown molding etc.The bathrooms in the deluxe rooms have been renovated with granite, tile  porcelain - perfect.There is complimentary coffee available in the gorgeous dining room each morning, and PBJ sandwiches, fruit  hot chocolate in the lobby each evening.Best of all, everyone in the hotel is helpful and pleasant. The service was excellent.This was our 6th trip to New Orleans - we will definately return to Le Pavillon.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>violet119
<Content>5th visit and counting! This was our fifth stay at Le Pallivon in the past four years. The experience each time has been amazing! The staff is more than hospitible, from the bellhop and valet parking attendant to the housekeeping staff. We delt with two different members of the concierge staff, although the female could have taken some lessons from the other employees, the male concierge, Mark, was more than helpful in helping us choose a restaurant. The room was vintage and cozy with beautiful decor and fixtures. Overall it had all the amenities of a modern hotel and the feel of Old New Orleans. Fresh flowers and beautiful artwork lined the halls and the room. The staff greeted us in our room each night with complimentary bottled water and home made cookies! We also took advantage of the nightly complimentary peanut butter and jelly sandwiches and hot chocolate, which made us feel that much more warm and invited. We are definitely going to be back again!  
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>davine1
<Content>Incredibly Disappointing I'm a native of N.O. and as a child, I marveled at the beauty of LePavilion, hoping one day I'd would stay there. Coming back to N.O. for the Christmas holiday, I decided that my husband, daughter and I should book a stay in a nice, upscale N.O. hotel. LePavilion fit the bill, and Priceline offered a price that made it easy. Unfortunately, the stay was incredibly disappointing. With this hotel, I learned that historic essentially means old. While nicely decorated, the standard room we booked was as small as a matchbox. The bathroom was so small that my husband and I could not stand in it at the same time. Additionally, the fan in the bathroom sounded like a motorbike, the fixtures were rusted and there was hardly any room on the counter. The bed only had 2 pillows and the sheets weren't fitted. Two suitcases barely fit in the closet and the bed was only about 2 feet from the entertainment console/chest, making it difficult to walk around the bed. We needed a microwave for the room and when they brought it, there was only one extra outlet in and the microwave cord was too short to reach it. So, we had to use space on the writing desk, which took up more needed room.We were anxious to have the advertised $17.99 Sunday brunch, only to find out after we ate that on Saints Sundays the same $17.99 buffet is $35.00 per person. And while I've been to many brunch buffets in many nice places, the waffle station was the only thing worth mentioning. Everything else was beautifully displayed, the environment was nice, but the food was mediocre. The staff was very friendly and attentive. That was the only truly pleasant experience we had there. I suppose the upgraded rooms are better, maybe even larger, but for a simple standard room, LePavilion is over-rated, old and in desperate need of a room overhaul. The outside of the hotel and the lobby are beautiful. The standard room fell incredibly short.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RoseCityTexas
<Content>Very Nice I stayed with my wife and two teenagers (boys) between Christmas and New Year's. Had a very fine experience. The Hotel is beautiful and the staff very friendly. It was about a four or five block walk to the French Quarter -- but in some ways this is a plus as it is a much less hectic and noisy location. Easy walking distance to Harrah's Casino too. I noticed quite a few European vistors were staying there too -- the ambiance is sort of like a European Hotel (at least what I think one would be like).  
<Date>Jan 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>jimshonk
<Content>World Class Service, average room Stayed for the BCS Bowl. Great location, great service, great food, wonderful lobby. When you get into your room though, the physical product is simply not in keeping with luxury tier or branded business competition. They offer two pillows per bed (we had two queen beds), and a basic mattress with an old style hotle bedspread rather than a duvet cover. They must upgrade the bedding standard to meet the standards set by Marriott, Hilton and Hyatt business-class hotels, let alone the Ritz-Carlton or W or similar competitive offerings.The location is great and every associate we came into contact was professional and pleasant. The buffet-style food we had was just fine and priced right. Whoever is managing and operating Le Pavillion is doing a great job. Their owners need to step in a bit more with respect to the physical product, especially the room and bed.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2008
<Rating>4	3	2	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Aussie067
<Content>Already booked to come back!!! I returned to New Orleans after not having visited for nearly 8 years. Prior to my arrival I had flown from my home in Australia to London, New York and Chicago. In each of these locations I stayed in Sofitel Hotels all of which are rated very highly by Tripadvisor. From my perspective Le Pavillon was equal to or better than any of these Hotels. Absolutely everything exceeded my expectations. I had such a great time in this wonderful city and at Le Pavillon that I have just re-booked to return to the Hotel for the two weeks of Jazz Fest in 2008. The Hotel truly is the 'Belle of New Orleans'  
<Date>Jan 11, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>broadcast9
<Content>Excellent Service- Suprisingly Average Rooms Stayed at Le Pavillion due to its excellent rating. We booked on Hotwire for $99/night- definately worth it.The hotel lobby and property is amazing- the pictures don't do it justice. The staff is extremely helpful and friendly- everyone from the bellboys to housekeeping to front desk said hello every time we saw them. The room however was average. Certainly not on the same level as other 4 star hotels. Perhaps our room was smaller due to our price. The AC was loud and the bed was sunken in th middle. They don't use fitted sheets- so the sheets tend to run all over the place- which is a huge pet peeve of mine. The room was exceptionally clean though. The hotel is a bit far from the quarter- but we knew that going in. Excellent in comparison to downtown, the convention center and the stadium.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>RGCT
<Content>Great Place! Rooms were great, staff was friendly, warm and very helpful! Beautiful building-we loved it! Very clean too. Couldn't have asked for anything more!  
<Date>Jan 5, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nyc10029
<Content>Pretty good overall My wife and I stayed at Le Pavillon for five nights around Christmas. The hotel itself was very good (location not as much, more below). The entire staff was extremely helpful and friendly. The architectural design was superior, very ornate in both the lobby and the room itself. Because lots of restaurants were closed Christmas Eve and Christmas, we ordered a lot of room service, which was really good, and not too expensive. Free use of a computer with internet access on the 2nd floor was very convenient. We also booked a good tour of the city, including areas devastated by Katrina, through a recommendation by the hotel concierge, with Dixieland Tours. Only the sub-par view and the somewhat uncomfortable beds were drawbacks at the hotel.The biggest problem with the experience was the location. In a completely safe city that hadn't experienced a recent disaster, the 1500 or so feet between the hotel and one edge of the French Quarter would be insignificant, but as it stands you can't get between the two without passing lots of abandoned/boarded up office buildings. As the person checking us in said, it's a big city, and if you don't feel safe at night, call a cab. Which we did. That said, it was a convenient walk down Poydras to the river, and the St. Charles Streetcar stops nearby, but you can also get these advantages from French Quarter hotels. You definitely don't have to worry about loud music at two in the morning at Le Pavillon, though!  
<Date>Jan 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	2	4	5	5	5	

<Author>dfwtraveler
<Content>Anniversary trip My husband and I went to New Orleans for our anniversary Dec 26-28th. We booked our trip through Travelocity and got an outstanding rate at LePavillion. Easy cab ride to the beautiful hotel. Service was outstanding from the doorman to the concierge to housekeeping. We even noticed the front desk giving out umbrellas and rain panchos on a rainy morning. The hotel must be the most gorgeous hotel in all of New Orleans. We were upgraded to a deluxe King room on the 8th (next to the top) floor. Great room and bathroom, but the bathroom was on the small side. Location wise, it was a little farther from the French Quarter than I would have preferred. We walked to the Quarter without a problem, but there was nothing really nearby unless you were in town for business. We did not dine at the hotel, but did have drinks in the bar which was very nice. We ate at NOLA which is absolutely not to be missed, had beignets and coffee at Cafe Dumonde (long line), burger at Camilla Grill (another long line...but well worth it and the streetcar now goes all the way again) and dinner at GW Fins (very good). We listened to jazz at the Howlin Wolf. Would have enjoyed it more if we hadn't spent hours walking during the day, only to have to stand (large place with very limited tables/chairs). The next night we went to bar at the Ritz and really enjoyed the quieter, laid back atmosphere and being able to sit on a sofa, listen to some excellent jazz and have a nice glass of champagne.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	3	

<Author>taistrike
<Content>You could better I did extensive reviews on TA before booking this hotel, and I was extremely disappointed with the quality of the hotel. We booked from Expedia for $99/night (paid $10 for an upgraded room). Check in was fine, the front desk was cordial but not exceptionally nice. The front lobby is very beautiful and was decorated for very nicely for Christmas time. During our three day stay we encountered the following problems:1.) Room wasvsmall and not very attractively decorated. It was decorated in a faux 1800s style, but it looked like it was done with a $100 budget. From the gaudy table cloth that hung all over the floor, to the large and noticeably plastic plant on the armoire the room was just generally ugly. In addition it was extremely small, like NYC small. I have stayed in hundreds of hotel rooms in my life and this is one of the smallest. My girlfriend and I stumbled all over each other during the stay in the small room. It would help if instead of a table and 2 chairs they just left room to walk around, or put something more suitable, like a desk. I couldn't find a working outlet in the room without unplugging the lamps, and the heat was difficult to operate (some of that 17th century charm?), the toilet screeched for 30 seconds each time it was flushed, and finally a portion of the window in our room was cracked and covered with duct tape. Not what I expect from a 4-star hotel.2.) The staff does speak english as many have noted in previous posts, however they are not the friendliest or most outgoing people I have witnessed. We consulted the concierge as we left on Xmas Eve about what dinner options we might have without a reservation. Her exact response was good luck and pointed us at a couple of restaurants that might have available tables. We didn't expect a miracle (and realize that we were asking for one) but she just seemed to put forth no effort at all to help us. We ended up having a wonderful dinner at Gallatoire's which we ended up at due to our own research. The people who work the bar and breakfast were not much better, certainly all of them could have been nicer (and at times I considered borderline rude). I won't go on much as no one did anything particularly rude, but I wanted to counter the previous posts that said the staff were so exceptionally nice. In their defense, all of the people who worked the front door were really nice and helpful.3.) Breakfast, I will just say avoid it, at $18 there are tons of better options.In all the hotel was average at best, the rooms small and not decorated well, and the staff could do better. I would rank this 2-3 stars, book at your own risk.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	4	3	3	3	2	

<Author>johnadams88
<Content>Classic and Class . Oh Yeah it's Great Too ! If you want great and you want an original hotel where the hotel has put their long time employees first and their employees their guest first with a New Orlean's Charm . Stay Here ! It is close to everything , but quiet when it's time to sleep and comfortable as a retreat . We enjoyed jumping into the crowd on Bourbon Street and and hanging out in our hotel . Visit the bar where they have a waitress thats as cute as nice after 55 years of employment. It shows if you invest to your employees in a hotel they will become part of your family and they will above others be best at making you feel that you are right at home. May the hospitality and beauty of the hotel stay in place for another 100 Years. Enjoy your stay , we did .. Go Dawgs !!!  
<Date>Jan 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Tiffyrd
<Content>Great Stay We booked through Hotwire, so our room was only $79 per night. The hotel is beautiful and gives off that old world new orleans charm. We were greeted by attentive and professional staff. Nothing like a stay that the Holiday Inn!!! Our room was very nice, clean, and fully stocked. Every night they have peanut butter and Jelly sandwiches and hot chocolate, very cute. When we walked up there was a line down the hall, but it was worth the wait. We didn't eat at the hotel besides the PBJ, but overall, we had a great time. I did read that the hotel was haunted and I get spooked easily, but I didn't feel like there were any extra guests in our room. Everytime I visit New Orleans, I will be staying in the Le Pavillon.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Bean728
<Content>Wonderful Christmas Vacation We just returned from a three night stay at this beautiful and historic hotel! We had a wonderful experience and we were overwhelmed by the attentiveness of the staff! Our party consisted of my husband and I and our two children, ages 7 and 4. My daughter was instantly mesmerized by the lobby as it was the most elegant place she had ever seen! Our check-in was prompt and a bellman waited so he could escort us and our luggage to our room. This bellman remembered our name the entire time! We booked a standard, double queen-sized bed room, but we were upgraded to a deluxe room. We got the Papa Noel rate, which was a real bargain! Our room was clean and climate control was excellent! The first night we returned to find our beds turned down, and cookies and bottled water waiting on us! We used room service the first night and service was prompt and the food was excellent! We will return to this wonderful property! The Christmas decorations were to die for!  
<Date>Dec 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ecarrell1
<Content>Very helpfull staff, beautiful hotel From the reservation to the check-out eveything was perfect. Reservation was taken from personal at the hotel and spoke clear english. Lobby, dining room, and rooms were exqusit with many art quality paintings on doors, celings, and walls. Staff is very helpful from reception at check-in to the door-man when we left.  
<Date>Dec 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ITguyinTN
<Content>Not a good stay for the $$$$$ My room was dirty and the carpet had a bad smell. the bathroom looked like it had never been upgraded. . The food was too expensive.My overall rating is low due to the amount of money i paid to stay there.  
<Date>Dec 21, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	4	1	3	2	1	

<Author>HolaGatitos
<Content>It really is the "belle of New Orleans" I travel to New Orleans a lot and had not previously stayed at Le Pavillon---boy do I regret that. This really is a special place. The decor is wonderfully over-the-top Gilded Age everything. The public spaces are gorgeous. My room had all these amazing special touches....stenciling on the ceiling, wonderful molding, a porcelain shower head, a bathroom mirror that doesn't fog above the sink (how do they do that?), 60 some odd channels on the television, etc., etc.The hotel is elegant in every way. The bar and restaurant are beautiful and the late night PBJs are a great treat! And the staff....the only thing I can compare them to is what you find at the Ritz...elegant without being fussy, no one acts snotty, everything seems pleasant. This was a truly pleasurable stay and this doesn't even consider the price which I thought a mistake when I booked this hotel online. What a bargain! I know I'll be back.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>smokey20
<Content>beautiful We have stayed at Le Pavillon twice and find it to be a remarkable value. It's an easy walk to the Quarter, but even more convenient to the Superdome. The regular rooms are rather small, but beautifully furnished with remodeled bathrooms that have showerheads to die for. The lobby is gorgeous, the restaurant is very good, and the staff is efficient.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>braumeister
<Content>Unbeatable New Orleans experience Beautiful downtown hotel with great heritage (it turned 100 years old in 2007). A little on the ornate side, but extremely comfortable. The thing that struck me was that I don't think I've ever seen a hotel where every single person who worked there was so totally friendly and welcoming. The staff attitude is just simply fantastic, and it really added an extra dimension to my stay.Marvelous little extra amenities, like the peanut butter sandwiches at night, your choice of New Orleans newspaper in the morning or Wall St. Journal or NY Times. The hot tub in the fitness center is marvelous, with one of the best views of the city. Great restaurant in the hotel as well.Unfortunately, I had one bad experience when I left. I had reserved a space on the airport shuttle, and paid the concierge the $13 fee. He gave me a ticket and receipt. I handed the receipt to the shuttle van driver when he picked me up, and he said nothing until we got to the airport. Then he said I had to pay $11. I explained that I had paid the concierge $13, and the driver said I was supposed to pay him only $2, with the other $11 going to the van driver. I got a bit hostile, and the driver backed off, but it was very unpleasant. I still don't know who was right (the hotel concierge or the van driver), but I would advise double checking on this matter if you have to use the airport shuttle when leaving.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>debracake
<Content>Great place! I booked on Hotwire and overpaid -- another guest used Priceline and got the room for $80. Bummer. However, the hotel is beautiful and comfortable and the service is excellent. The pool is lovely and there is a terrace with tables and chairs -- you can order food and drinks served on the terrace. I had the PBJ and hot chocolate and it was a pleasant enough snack. The mini bar is well-stocked by WAY over-priced -- bring your own! Easy walk to streetcar line or Harrah's -- a bit of a hike to the French Quarter -- taxi service to the Quarter runs about $6-8.00. Room service pizza was hot, crusty and delicious. Coffee good too. Newspaper delivered to room each AM. All in all, a very nice place to stay.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	5	3	

<Author>conners107
<Content>Loved the Hotel- Just Too Far My husband and I were delighted that our room was ready before noon. However, we were told we had an upgrade- our room though lovely was tiny. Difficult to manuever in....We are walkers which is a good thing, the hotel is far from the heart of the quarter. When you leave for the day, make sure you have everything....Next time we come to NO, will try to stay more conveniently located.The staff is pleasant and helpful.Some of my favorite restaurants are in NO- go to Mr. B's- nice piano bar and delish crab cakes. Brennans Steakhouse was excellent. The new Bourbon Grill had some of the best gumbo I remember. Lively bar with TV's for sports fans.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ARonen
<Content>One of the most beautiful hotels we stayed in Stayed for 3 nights in September. The lobby and restaurant have Beautiful Decor! Corridors are wide and the rooms are beautiful, well equipped, spotless-clean and spacious.All amenities are of the highest quality. Service was professional and the staff is very very kind. They recommended a swamp tour that indeed was a wonderful experience.Breakfast is not included and is a bit expensive, but the food was very good.Located a few minutes of Street-car ride to the French quarter.Note that when we stayed they had renovation works in the lobby, which made noise in the mornings. We would love to stay again.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>whosaidso8
<Content>Loved Le Pavillon! My friend found Le Pavillon during his travels to New Orleans for work. He raved about the service, quality of rooms, delicious breakfast buffet, and its location (downtown). He was right about everything! The service was wonderful. All the staff were very attentive, answered all of our questions and very accommodating. Our room was great - free internet service, good cable tv channels, great shower water pressure. The breakfast buffet was delicious. I have a few small complaints. We asked the staff to recommend a place for dinner. Though we should have been more specific about the type of place we were looking for, the restaurant we went to was not good at all. We were disappointed. The insulation between rooms was very good, however, we could hear everything happening in the hallway. Also, our shower had some plumbing issues - the tub took a long time to drain. Overall, if you are looking for a hotel, not in the French Quarter, this is it. Also, Le Pavillon is listed as one of America's historic hotels. Enjoy!  
<Date>Sep 7, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>firstunion
<Content>EXCELLENT stay at Le PAvillon!! We went on our honeymoon at the LePavillon. This was an EXCELENT hotel. It is beautiful, magnificent, and exquisit! The Hotel itself was wonderful. It was like staying in a mansion. The service was second to none. The employees wait on your every need. The concierge services are impeccable. I would definately recommend staying here. There is no other hotel that will match the quality and affordability of the LePavillon. The rooms are amazing. Big, beautifully decorated. Very nice. The suites are unimaginable. The Conciege gave us a tour of 5 of the suites. They are breathtaking. Our stay was like living in a fairy tale. I can't say enough nice things. 5 star. We will definately be back.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>AFTAC
<Content>Le Pavillion Exceptional! Great hotel! Wonderful room accomodations and the service from checkin to checkout was excellent. Highly recommend the breakfast buffet. The decor in the dining room is French antique decor is something to see. About 4 blocks to the casino and another block to the river where you'll find botique shops and a place to book day river cruises on the old paddle wheel boats. Can catch a street car from there to get to Jackson Square and the heart of the French Quarter. Don't bother going to the French Market because it is under renovation. One section is open, but only if you are interested in flea market stuff! The old food stalls are gone, but hope that section does come back after renovation.Look forward to next visit when can stay longer.......  
<Date>Sep 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>TravelBeard
<Content>Ornate public areas, disappointing rooms, friendly service Le Pavillon is an ornate, often grand hotel with gracious staff and disappointing rooms. The lobby, restaurant, bar and hallways are among the most impressive in New Orleans, with huge crystal chandeliers, high ceilings, elaborate statuary, and quarries of marble, as well as noteworthy paintings, and rich fabrics. Employees are delightful and welcoming. While name usage wasn鈥檛 great, every employee with whom I interacted was enthusiastic, friendly, and helpful. As well, it is clear that the staff takes great pride in their workplace.Hotel d茅cor will either delight or disappoint. While the over the top decoration works in the public areas, in the guestrooms, these flourishes may be too much. Tasseled valences over the shower curtain, for example, can be offputting to the point of being irritating.That said, the guestrooms are disappointing, in size and d茅cor. Unlike modern guestrooms鈥攖he building is over 100 years old鈥攖here is no entry alcove once you鈥檝e come into the room. So the room seems like a bit of a box, and a smallish one at that. The d茅cor鈥攇rand in large spaces鈥攕eems dated and stilted in a guestroom. The armoire eats up much of the room too鈥攁 flat screen TV would increase the perception of space a great deal. Bathroom, though nicely finished in marble, is small by today鈥檚 standards, and looks as if decorated by a drag queen. There was some wear issues鈥攁 badly maintained bathtub, for example鈥攂ut overall, housekeeping and engineering staff work to the place looking good. Air conditioning works well.On the rooftop, there is a small though nicely furnished fitness center, as well as a great swimming pool, whirlpool, and sundeck. Great place to spend a sunny day鈥攂ut tanners, note: There are only eight chaise lounges around the rather small pool.Overall, service is good, though one day, housekeeping overlooked cleaning our room, and for a luxury hotel, you might expect better name usage. Room service was prompt, but our name wasn鈥檛 used by the order taker or server, and the tray wasn鈥檛 picked up for hours. Breakfast was tasty, and room service for three ran about $63, with all of us feeling full.Hotel鈥檚 location is about 6 blocks from the beginning of Bourbon Street, in the area of downtown New Orleans convenient to some office buildings, about halfway between the Mississippi River and the Superdome. While nearby to many attractions, the blocks surrounding the hotel can be a bit desolate on nights and weekends, and based upon local recommendations, caution is advised walking back from the French Quarter after dark.Le Pavillon has many nice added value features. Fitness center usage, wireless internet, and nightly peanut butter sandwiches in the lobby are all complimentary to guests.This is a member of The Leading Hotels of the World, and by comparison, travelers used to the standards of other LHW hotels may find these rooms disappointing. In my opinion, the rooms are in need of renovation and updating, for certain.At full price, this hotel may disappoint given the rooms. I reserved the hotel for $53 a night on Priceline, so all of these amenities were a great value at this price鈥攖hough the rather noteworthy low Priceline rate was more likely an indication of the New Orleans hotel market and the slow Labor Day weekend than the state of the room product.Finally, New Orleans looks great, at least in the areas tourists are most likely to visit. The only evidence of Katrina damage in the downtown and French Quarter areas are a few boarded up hotels (neither the Hyatt nor the Fairmont have reopened) and a lack of tourism at times, included a once thriving riverfront mall鈥擱iverwalk--that is now 50% vacant and ill-visited. In some ways, the city is more appealing than ever for travelers鈥攁nd hotel values abound. If you have any doubt about a visit to New Orleans, look beyond them and by all means, make the trip. Not only will you have a wonderful time here, but nothing would hasten the recovery of this unique city than a return to previous tourism levels. . .  
<Date>Sep 4, 2007
<Rating>3	5	2	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>lsu-since-60
<Content>Best Ever Simply put, best hotel we've ever stayed at in New Orleans. My wife and I have been going to New Orleans for 20+ years and have stayed at many excellent hotels, but LePavillon is the best of all. Not as convenient as some others located in the Frenchquarter, but close enough. Very friendly and helpful staff, though the parking was expensive at $28.00 per. The hotel was as magnificent as a work of art and even though very old it didn't smell old as is the case with some others we've stayed at. My kids (4  7) loved the PPJ set-up in the lobby every night from 10:00 to 11:00, especially the incredible hot chocolate. Now, saving the best for last, the breakfast. Everything was as good as I've ever tasted, with a breakfast chef to made you fresh omelets or waffles(the banana's foster waffle is worth the trip from anywhere). I will be returning for another stay.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Ralph82
<Content>A fantastic and romantic dream...       La Pavillon Rooftop Pool  
<Date>Aug 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>MatrixKDS
<Content>Wonderful Stay at the Le Pavillon I stayed at the Le Pavillon during the Fourth of July weekend while in town for the Essence Music Festival. The hotel was very beautiful. I broke my foot prior to arriving and was confined to a wheelchair for most of the trip. Although the hotel did not have a permanent handicap ramp, the staff was very accommodating and would quickly bring out the portable ramp. The staff actually added a bell at the entryway to ring for the temporary wheelchair ramp during my stay. Our room was very comfortable and quite. There was an issue with the air conditioning when we arrived, but it was quickly fixed. The housekeeping staff did an excellent job and the conceirge very helpful with arranging our tours. The breakfast buffett was a little pricey but well worth the money. We ate breakfast at the hotel every day. Also, the evening hot chocolate  PBJ sandwich bar was a great treat! The staff at the Le Pavillon were very friendly  helpful. The hotel was within easy walking distance from the Superdome, Riverwalk and the French Quarter. I definately plan on staying at the Le Pavillon again.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>mere17
<Content>Wonderful Wonderful What a great night. We were upgraded to a deluxe room that was pretty up to date. It is still small but all older hotels are. We enjoyed the legendary pbj at 11. We also loved the roof pool. Our only regret is we forgot our suits. We will for sure stay again soon.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>bamagrandmother
<Content>Loved Le Pavillon My husband and I recently stayed at the Le Pavillon for our anniversary. We happened to be in New Orleans for my birthday the weekend of Hurricane Katrina and had to evacuate on that Sunday with the rest of the city. It had been almost 2 years since we had returned to New Orleans. I wasn't sure what to expect but the staff at Le Pavillon welcomed us back to a city that we love  had missed. We arrived by lunch time and we were given a room immediately. The walk to the French quarter was a nice stroll  felt safe. When we returned a complimentary bottle of champagne awaited us. We plan to stay at the Le Pavillon again in the near future.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>SusanMinneapolis
<Content>Lovely Hotel While the room itself was a little dated and the hotel shows its age, we had a lovely stay. It is a wonderful hotel for couples, the concierge and other staff were extremely helpful and courteous, and the location was good.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>alyson003
<Content>Great Staff! Would go back Was concerned that a 100 year old hotel may feel stuffy and old, but was pleasantly surprised. My room was a good size considering the age. Comfortable bed. Staff was very friendly. The decor was somewhat stuffy and dated looking, but everything was very clean. The pool on the rooftop was neat and pool cabanas were available. Went to the bar for a few late night drinks and had a good time. Don't miss the pbjs at 10pm. They really will hit the spot. Ask for the history of the hotel and you may get a write-up of all the ghost sightings! The 9th floor seems to have the most activity. I guess they were quiet when I was there, I didn't see any. Would love to go back.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	3	4	3	5	4	

<Author>StevenandBrenda
<Content>Still the Best!!! We have just returned from our vacation in New Orleans and Houston. One night was spent at this beautiful hotel. The staff is very hospitable and professional. The rooms and baths are on the small side, but very nice with the traditional amenities. There is also a safe in the closet.  The public rooms are very ornate and include a row of huge crystal chandeliers from the front entry and lobby through the dining room. The pool and hot tub are on the roof. The view from the roof is fantastic at night. There are also cabanas, tables and chairs. This is the only area of the hotel that allows smoking. I believe smoking is no longer permitted inside any hotel or restaurant in Louisiana.  A breakfast buffet is served in the dining room. Pat is still there cooking omelets and singing!!! It was excellent, but expensive at $16.99 per person. Complimentary peanut butter and jelly sandwiches with hot chocolate are served in the lobby every night at 10:00 pm.  There is really nothing in the immediate vicinity to do. The French Quarter is about 3 blocks away. Four of us took a cab to the French Quarter at the corner of Bourbon and Canal street for less than $8.00. Go several blocks down Poydras toward the river and there are hotels and restaurants. The Hilton and The Riverwalk Mall are at the end of Poydras with Harrahs Casino across the Street.  Parking at the hotel is easy and safe. The lot is beside the hotel and is $28.00 per day for self or valet parking.  This was our second visit to Le Pavillon, but not our last. The service was great from the door man dressed in his great white hunter outfit to Pat singing in the dining room as she prepared our eggs.  We booked our 2 rooms through Hotwire for $72.00 per room. This was less than what we paid in 1994.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>DeeJon
<Content>Nice decor, staff and food needs some work I was in New Orleans over night and decided to stay at Le Pavillon. I read otehr reviews and it sounded prefect for my one night stay. I got to the hotel about midngiht so I missed the peanut butter and jelly, so I order room service instead. At first I ordered the slad that was on the menu. They told me it would be about 30 mins. While I thought this was a long wait, I said ok. After about 20 mins. they called to say they didn't have salad. Strange but ok, I ordered the gumbo instead. Now I'm from Louisiana (living in California now) so I may set a higher standard for gumbo than most, but there is no way they could call what they gave me gumbo, especially seafood gumbo. First there was no seafood at all. Secondly, there was no rice and this stuff was so thick, I could have plastered the walls. Then to top it off, it was cold! At this point, I'm so tried, I just go to sleep. i was meeting a friend for breakfast using the two breakfast meals that were suppose to cal with the room (I booked it through the hotel web site. It was one of their sepcial deals). But when I looked in the envelope, there was only one ticket. I called the front deck and asked about the other ticket only to be told that becasue I was the only person registered, that I could only get one ticket. Whne I explained that the offered said I would get 2, the responses was, will you need to let us know this in advance. Very begouningly she gave me the other breakfast ticket. The foodd was standard fare, but the setting was very nice.Then I decide to work off some of that breakfast food in their gym. The gym very hard to find. You go to the top floor then walk down the hall hoping to see a sign to point you in the right direction. Then you go through a door up some stairs and through another door. The gym is small, but had the basic equipment. One big problem however, they had a nice refrigerator, but no water in it. Nor was there a water fountain. In fact, I ended up going back to my room to get some water.So now it's time to check out. I checked my bill and noticed they charged me for parking, which was suppose to be included in the rate I paid (again, part of the special). After she checked this out with her boss and everyone else behind the desk, they finally determined I was right and didn't have to pay again. I nicest treatment I got was from the bell captain. He was extremely nice and very helpful. I've heard that service in New Orleans has gone down since the hurrcaine. If this is an example, I would agree. I had not been here since Katrina, but I travel here quite a bit before and this is the worst service (and food) I have ever had. I would give them another chance to turn times around becasue I want to support the area in any way I can, but I think the hotel needs to work with training the staff a bit more. And really work on improving the food. Beautiful hootel, bad service.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	4	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>DomerCajun
<Content>Le Pavillon's customer service makes up for its blemishes... We have stayed at Le Pavillon three or four times and love it each time. The hotel staff makes the stay enjoyable as they are all very professional and friendly. The hotel is a bit farther away from the French Quarter and Harrah's so you probably need a cab (they are easy to find) to get to most places. Although, it really is not too bad of a walk if you have 10 or 15 minutes. The only drawback are the beds (not as comfortable as a Starwood hotel but decent). The bedding could use a little updating, but the rooms are nicely decorated. The bathrooms are medium sized but have great style (ie marble). As always, we will definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>gmemphis
<Content>Not really a 4.5 star Loud AC, room a bit musty. Sheets crisp, but bedding old. Not sure where all the great reviews are coming from, but this hotel is more like a 3+ star, not 4+. Location not ideal, and plan to pay up for parking. Bathroom and tub a bit funky. Beware if booking on Hotwire if you think you are going to get the Ritz.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	3	2	3	3	2	

<Author>misstaryn08
<Content>Nice hotel, a few drawbacks The hotel was nice in general. The outside was beautiful, the lobby stunning, the crystal room luxurious. The room that I stayed in ( double queen) was reasonable but nothing impressive. There was careful detail to framed art, and fancy drapes, but I was not 100% comfortable with the cleanliness of the bathroom. It appeared clean but there was mildew and rust, and the tile looked far from new. I also didn't like that I could hear guest walking past my room more than I thought I should hear in a hotel, so I was a little unsure about how much privacy my boyfriend and I were experiencing. On the good side, the TV was huge, lots of channels, and free internet is always a plus.The pool on the roof is definetley something to brag about, but I was very diappointed when my boyfriend and I went up for a midnight swim and our time was ruined by roaches by the pool and hottub. We spotted more than 3 in the 30minutes that we spent up there so I'm sure there were more. Roaches are not something that I would expect from a 4.5 star hotel.All together, my boyfriend and I had a great time. He was a super fan of the pb and j! The French Quarter was kind of far, but we still walked and enjoyed the experience.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>minibargrrl
<Content>Beautiful lobby, big room, far from french quarter       Wow! What a lobby!  
<Date>May 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	2	3	5	5	-1	

<Author>Rusted314
<Content>A really great hotel! I just got home for spending 3 nights at the Le Pavillon (May 18th to the 21st). I can truly say this is a very well run hotel. The staff are very friendly and helpful. The rooms are nice and very clean. It is about a 4 block walk to Bourbon Street (5 to 10 minutes). I appreciated the distance after the first night when I learned how loud the French Quarter can get and that the partying goes all night long. Hotel is in walking distance of the Casino as well. The rooftop pool and hot tub are very nice and the view of the city is great. I felt safe here and will be staying here again!  
<Date>May 26, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>alikat33
<Content>A wonderful memory at Le Pavillon Right before Katrina, we stayed at Le Pavillon. I had been there before in the restaurant, but never stayed there. We had two rooms booked; one for me and my fiance and one for his parents. When checking in, they asked if we'd mind being upgraded to the presidential suite. Um...NO, we wouldn't mind! LOL It was truly a special memory for all of us. The grandeur, the elegance of the rooms in the suite were just beautiful. (gold sinks!!) During the aftermath of Katrina and the looting, I was heartbroken to think of the looters ruining this fabulous hotel. (I don't know if they had problems with looting or not) A truly elegant hotel I highly recommend!  
<Date>May 21, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Aiko3
<Content>A hotel with character, in a city of characters I wound up staying at this hotel through a recommendation of a co-worker. It's near the business district, but still close to the French Quarter. It's not right there in the middle of the action, but just a short walk. Definitely not one of those cookie-cutter hotels, as it definitely has its own unique feel and old time charm. PBJ sandwiches at 10pm in the lobby is an extra bonus, as are the other personal touches, and free wi-fi. The rates are reasonable too. I will be staying there again.  
<Date>May 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	5	5	5	

<Author>Irishgirl1969
<Content>Order, Elegance, Pleasure, Peace, and Opulence The words from my review title are from Arthur Rimbaud. He was a French Romantic Poet. He knew some things about Beauty and Romance. If you are interested in these things then you too will Love Le Pavillon.Le Pavillon is Gorgeous. It is full of Antiques, Antique Art, Chandeliers, Marble and Beautiful Rugs. I have a lifelong interest in Antiques, and I decided to stay in The Victorian Suite, because the pictues of it were so Lovely. It was Fabulous. The Antiques were Beautiful, and the two handcarved Rosewood beds are fit for a King and a Queen. The Food is Yummy. The Lounge is Lovely and furnishes Entertainment. The rooftop Pool is truly---off the hook----. There are a couple of Private cabanas available for those who get lucky. I was able to get one. The Pool is very, very clean, as is the entire Pool and sundeck area.I also stayed in The Mallard Suite. It has an Antique Canopy Bed and a Jacuzzi. It is smallish, but very well-appointed. The Jacuzzi was clean and in perfect working order. The Marble in the bathrooms at Le Pavillon is Gorgeous. The Wallpaper, Bedding, Drapes, and Rugs are all very nice looking. I appreciate Beauty, and I also like Beautiful Behavior. The staff at Le Pavillon is Incredibly Nice, and they know what they are doing. The place runs like a well-oiled machine. I always got my Food done correctly and served at the right temperature. The cleanliness was Very Good, and this is coming from a Nurse folks, so it isn't easy to pass my inspection.You cannot expect to stay in a 100 year old place that it full of Antiques and not find some dust here or there. I will take a spot of dust in return for what Massive Luxury Le Pavillon offers. This is a five star Hotel and it is a One Of A Kind On This Earth. I give them my official A in all categories. There is no better thing in America than getting what you pay for, and Le Pavillon is not cheap. You pay a high price for Massive Beauty and Privacy. Sign me up for next year too, and every year after that. I'm in Love.  
<Date>May 13, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Diver4ab
<Content>Beautiful Hotel My husband and I spent four nights at Le Pavillon. The hotel is beautiful but it's the staff that makes this hotel wonderful. They are very attentive and friendly. The pool and hot tub area, located on the roof is very inviting. After walking all day retreating to the pool area with a book and a Hurricane was just what we needed. New Orleans has something for everyone. Would reccomend an airboat ride through the swamps, a visit to the aquarium, zoo and IMAX to see Hurricane on the Bayou. My husband and I walked everywhere in N.O. and never felt unsafe. The food is fantastic but it was the people of New Orleans that make it a great place. We will visit N.O. again and again.  
<Date>May 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>JonesPro
<Content>Le Pavillon THE PLACE TO STAY in NOLA My wife and I just returned from a one night stay at the Le Pavillon in New Orleans (4-18-07) for a quick get away. ( what!?!? Get away to New Orleans!) Absolutely! New Orleans is really begining to come around, especially down town and the french quarter. (EAST NEW ORLEANS STILL LOOKS LIKE BAGHDAD) We have NEVER had service like we had at Le Pavillion. The PBJ bar between 10:00 and 11:00 is a hit! The restaurant looked great although we opted for lunch at Court of Two Sisters for lunch and Dickie Brennans Steak House for Dinner. If you are concerned about the location being in down town... DON'T. My wife was wheel chair bound and we walked at night from the hotel to the french quarter on a wednesday night no problem (however, the hotel staff are only too ready to hail a cab for you, and Cabs are everywhere in the french quarter so you can cab back to the hotel in approx 3 mins). The city has installed super bright street lights and you really dont feel like your security is breached. Police are EVERYWHERE IN THE FRENCH QUARTER so you feel safe there as well, I mean, you see like 2-3 officers on every block and cop cars everywhere.  It seems like NOLA is doing a fine job to make the quarter more safe and more fun than before Katrina.  The roof top pool area is very nice - we had drinks (hurricanes) delivered to us pool side - PERFECT. There are also 2 cabanas for you and your honey to get out of the sun and away from the people)  Our room (king deluxe) was LARGE and ULTRA CLEAN! Also the mini bar was well stocked with snacks and drinks. The shower is AWESOME! Overall the hotel is Authentic European French... The ENTIRE STAFF goes way beyond their payscale to make your stay pleasant.  I would reccomend the Le Pavillon to EVERYONE! Including business travelers - Free FAST Internet and close to down town offices as well. Enjoy the Le Pavillon!  
<Date>Apr 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Nogbad
<Content>Le Pavillon worked for us We stayed 4 nights in the hotel in the week after Easter. It was entirely as advertised: a period hotel with many unspoilt features and helpful staff. We liked the roof top pool; the beds; the peanut butter and jelly; the dining room; the newspapers delivered to our room in the morning. The concierge service was courteous and reliable. Even the exterior repainting was handled without inconvenience to guests. Well done Le Pavillon.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>cliquot
<Content>Le Pavillion's impressive service A smaller hotel doing a fine job, Le Pavilion was a great all-around experience. The hotel is walking distance (4 blocks) from the quarter, in a safe, well-lit area of the central business district. New Orleans Arena is also walking distance. We upgraded to a junior suite for a very reasonable price ($40 per night) from the regular room that we booked. The suite wasn't huge, but was well appointed and comfortable. Toiletries were above average, and the rainfall shower-jacuzzi tub were great after a long day of walking.Didn't try the restaurant (too many great restaurants to try), but the piano bar was nice. The reason to return is the service. A frequent traveler to upscale hotels, I was still impressed by the civility, thoughtfulness, and genuine warmth from the staff.This is not a chain experience, and I mean that in the best sense of the phrase!  
<Date>Apr 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MdChowhound
<Content>Warm hospitality, great location and room I had the opportunity to stay in New Orleans for a conference in March '07, and my stay at Le Pavillon was fantastic. This hotel is located in the Central Business District, with a short walk to the SuperDome, French Quarter and RiverWalk.The property is meticulously maintained, from the rooftop pool and veranda to the public spaces to the rooms themselves. The service I received was very attentive, courteous, yet warm and personal as well. Everyone we met with greeted us with a smile and helped with everything from personal accommodations for our room to restaurant reservations.One unique service this hotel provides is the nightly snack time of peanut butter and jelly sandwiches, hot chocolate, fruit and fresh bread. This long standing tradition is just one example of the southern hospitality we received on our trip.I would like to visit New Orleans again in the near future to see more of the city (I was only able to see the French Quarter and Garden District this time around) and I will have no qualms about staying at Le Pavillon again.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>KR
<Content>Old Glory, off the beaten path but walking distance to the FQ (daytime only) I don't have much time to write a review, except to say the staff is exceptional in most cases. This is an old hotel, on the Natl Registry of Historic Places (or Hotels, something like that). So don't expect six elevators, but DO expect an awesome buffet served up by a woman you wish you'd had as a nanny, and quirks such as peanut butter cookie treats (and sandwiches in the lobby nightly). I stayed there one night and loved the place and its history...my room had an electric fireplace and a wet bar, but with creaky floors and the noisy elevator shaft nearby, I doubt it'd be my choice for an extended business stay.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	3	4	4	3	

<Author>BatonRouge_Traveler
<Content>Awesome experience!       desk in room - sample of elegance  
<Date>Mar 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>tomdelux
<Content>peace, quiet, and elegance I finally found a hotel in New Orleans that is peaceful and quiet compared to the rowdy convention hotels on Canal Street and Bourbon Street! I enjoyed my one night stay and will return. The staff is truly eager to please and very friendly. The breakfast is amazing andactually worth $16.99. Wish I had time to enjoy the beautiful rooftoppool. This centurion dowager is rich with history and beautiful architectural details. To be a true five star hotel, a little freshening up is needed. Every surface in the corridors and rooms should be repainted and probably complete carpet replacement is needed too. Don't let the little imperfections pervent you from enjoying a truly unique New Orleans experience.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>janders36
<Content>Wonderful experience       Dachgarten  
<Date>Mar 18, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>instyleval
<Content>French Elegance at its Best! We had a wonderful stay! A friend of mine and I shared the Deluxe Double Queen room and it was wonderful!! Very well decorated and well worth the money. We had brunch in the Crystal Room which was TRULY FABULOUS! This is a must! I missed the famous PBJ sandwiches they serve for free from 10 to 11pm.. but I heard its a reall treat as well. Staff was friendly and attentive. Will definately return!  
<Date>Mar 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>shannonh12
<Content>Couldn't have been more perfect!       Gorgeous lobby  
<Date>Mar 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>fifigirl
<Content>We will be back! Le Pavillon is a beautiful and elegant hotel. The room we had was not fancy, but clean and comfortable, but the rest of the hotel is gorgeous. The bed was a pillowtop and we slept well, plus it was very quiet in the hotel. We enjoyed the rooftop pool and poolside service very much. There are wonderful comfy chaise lounges so you can totally relax. The PBJ sandwiches and milk served in the evening are a nice touch. We only ate once in the restaurant and it was good, not excellent, but good. There are many good restaurants close by. Mother's is just down the street and if you like oysters you have got to try theirs. The staff was very helpful and efficient. There are supposedly ghosts in the hotel but I was a little disappointed we didnt see one. When we come back to NO, we will definitely be staying at Le Pavillon.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>lhusseini
<Content>Not at ALL what I expected My husband and I picked Le Pavillion b/c a couple of friends mentioned it was a nice hotel and it was centrally located for us (quick ride from airport, 10 minute walk to French Quarter from hotel, etc.). The front desk staff was very pleasant, they even upgraded our room when we checked in. Although the exterior of the hotel looks nice, and the lobby is definitely impressive, the rooms need updating DESPARATELY. First off, the bed was extremely lumpy and old. The HVAC in our room was poor; the room was stuffy, so we turned on the AC, but it made a rattling noise the entire time we had it on (in addition to the bed, it was very difficult to sleep). When we left the room, housekeeping would turn up the heat (the weekend we were down there was unusually cold for NO) and the room would be stuffy again. The bedding was dated (blankets were cheap and our pillows were flat...literally, you could fold them in half and they weren't supportive at all) and carpeting was dingy. The bathrooms are very small and the shower fixtures are old and covered in soap scum. Overall, I was not impressed by the hotel. The service was fine, the front desk staff was the most pleasant; the conceirge could take a lesson or two from them in the personality department.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2007
<Rating>1	3	1	4	3	4	2	-1	

<Author>lgnutah
<Content>If you want to REALLY enjoy a stay at a hotel Snazzy new hotels are a dime a dozen. It is not often one gets to be transported back 100 years to a time of elegance and pampering.....but that's how one feels beginning the minute one pulls up in front of Le Pavillion Hotel in New Orleans. I cannot remember ever staying at a hotel where the staff truly made me feel it was THEIR pleasure that I was taken care of. You WILL enjoy your stay.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TexasSM
<Content>It only gets better! My husband and I have stayed at Le Pavillon many times over the last dozen years, or so. Although we have been by ourselves on several occasions, once we brought one other couple, and another time we brought three other couples. We have never been disappointed, nor have our friends. The restaurant is also very good. Of course, it has to be. It's in New Orleans. We always try to participate in the evening PBJ ritual, especially if we have brought friends who are new to the hotel. The staff is outstanding. They seem to have an unusual loyalty to their owners, and want to make them proud. It's our favorite place to stay in New Orleans.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>IADDutch
<Content>Very disappointed This is NOT a 4 1/2 star hotel, I would give it 3 stars at best!We went for a long weekend to NOLA, and based on the reviews I expected to spend 4 nights at a grand, classic hotel with all the services that one would expect at a place like this. Well, let me tell you what I found.There is no spa. No coffee maker in the room. The 'updated' room I booked was run down and old. When I asked for another room, they suggested a room with two queens instead of a king - how romantic. The exercise room was in disrepair. The pool was closed for maintenance. The elevators were less than clean. On saturday night, the bar and restaurant were closed for a private party, only room service available. Three out of four nights, the turndown service either didn't happen, or wasn't done right. One evening we found cleaning supplies on the floor in the middle of the room. What could have been a great weekend ended up as a great disappointment.Oh, and by the way, with the current crime problem in NOLA, it is too far from the french quarter to walk. There are many hotel choices closer and probably better in service.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	2	2	3	2	-1	

<Author>texascrawfish
<Content>Feels like going home I have stayed at Le Pavillon Hotel several times this year, and each visit have been better than the last. The bellmen remember me, as does the concierge and other hotel staff. They treat me like I am family. It is a wonderful hotel, with fantastic New Orleans charm and the very best service. Also this is a perfect location. Frankly the quarter is full of thugs after about 10:30 at night, so I do stay in quarter hotels again, it is just not safe, but Le Pavillon is on Poydras and not in the quarter, and a MUCH better hotel than most of the quarter hotels anyway (although, I would still stay at Royal Sonesta, it is fantastic). Le Pavillon is first call for me now, and will be for some time to come.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TravellingLawyerNYC
<Content>Outstanding Staff and a Best Buy A completely-independent property like this can only survive on strong word of mouth, and after staying four nights here, I can see why this one consistently earns such allocates from TripAdvisor reviewers. I had high expectations after reading the TA reviews, and the hotel did not disappoint. La Pavillon offers old-timey essence-of-hospitality service and an irreplaceable Grande Dame decor, with suprisingly-modern amenities, like free Wi-Fi (and wired) Internet and dual-line, direct-inward-dial room phones. Hands-down a Best Buy. The superb concierges have outstanding knowlege, recommendations, and character: when my girlfriend left thousands of dollars of jewelry on the nightstand while we rushed to a swamp tour, the Chief Concierge offered personally to retrieve it and lock it in the hotel safe, genuinely-happy to have saved us hours of worry. Our four days zipped by as we explored tours and trips, the best of which were the ones recommended by the Concierges: our guide on the Cajun Honey Island swamp tour was outstanding, as was the small boat he used; our walking-tour guide in the Garden District and cemetary was the best I have ever experienced, the jazz club the concierge recommended on Frenchman's Street was first-rate. These were truly the most knowledgeable and thoughtful concierges I have had the pleasure of dealing with at any hotel anywhere, ever. They weren't trip-sellers; they were educated, articulate people who knew and loved their city and knew exactly how to help you experience it.Only a hotel that has been there for one hundred years could so consistently do everything right, including doing all sorts of little things to let you know how much they appreciate your business. When a bulb burned out in the bathroom, maintenance was there literally in five minutes. Room service was quick and delicious, a cut above what you'd find at a chain hotel. Every staff member we encountered was warm, willing, and acted like it was his or her privilege to help us, offering zillions of little kindnesses during our trip. Maid service was quick and flawless, and the extensive, quality selection of toiletries and such harkened back to when hotels really wanted you to have and use this stuff, and bring it home to spread their name. The PBJ tradition is inspired, and is a nice opportunity to share raves about this gem with other guests. Cabs are readily-available, but the location makes walking to the Riverwalk, the Aquarium, the Quarter and the CBD all very easy. I should say that the hotel does not offer stuffy, oh-so-refined-but-just-a-little-condescending service like some high-end chains. Rather, it offers genuinely-competent, genuinely-caring, genuinely-friendly service that is there the moment you seek it and sometimes even before you think to ask for it. There is no question that we will be back.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>nomuggles
<Content>Family Holiday Getaway Family of 4 , were upgraded to a deluxe room w/ 2 queen beds. Excellent staff assistance and location convenient to all FQ and Midtown activities. Take your kids on the free ferry to Algiers for Mardi Gras World!Staying between Christmas and New Years brings the benefit of Holiday events and decor. Lobby is spectacular, the PBJ and cocoa are legendary, and the room rates a bargain at such a fabulous historic property. Parking is $28 a day, so factor that into your daily stay. Wonderful first NOLA visit for our kids, a definite consideration for future adult stays.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	5	4	

<Author>dbb1845
<Content>Outstanding Staff Have been planning a trip to New Orleans since before Katrina and wanted to do our part in helping rebuild. Le Pavillon is part of the Preferred Hotel Group. We have stayed at a number of these properties and have never been dissapointed. Since we knew nothing of New Orleans we booked here and were delighted with our choice. The staff is one of the friendliest we have ever encounted at any hotel. This property is smaller than some of the larger hotels on Poydras and consequently they give you a more personalized experiece. It was a pleasant stroll to the French Quarter, Superdome, Casino or Convention Center. We walked everywhere. The restaurant is as good as some of the overpriced tourist traps in the French Quarter and Pat the chef does an outstanding breakfast. Charles our waiter was the quintessential N'Orleans southern gentlemen.  
<Date>Dec 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>fmjmemphis
<Content>Still rebuilding This is the hotel I frequent whenever I am in New Orleans and have stayed since the hurricane more than once. In February, they were short staffed but the staff that was there made up for the shortage. It is obvious that things were in short supply, the hotel's once luxurious breakfast which was an indulgence was a disappointment. Basket of breads was nothing like it used to be it looked as though the baker did not come in and they went to Costco and bought the goods. The main issue was that the valet parking lot was full. WHAT? They wanted you to find a space on the street and then hike it back to the hotel. I was travelling with a person who cannot walk distances and arrived at night. I declined this offer and forced them to find a space in the lot. They finally did and told me that if anything happened to the car then that was my issue.However, I believe in this hotel usually it is a steal at the price and the accommodations are stunning. I am sure that things kinks have been worked out and I would recommend without hesitation.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sparklehorse78
<Content>The Good and The Bad       Front of hotel  
<Date>Nov 24, 2006
<Rating>3	5	2	4	3	4	5	3	

<Author>trip46
<Content>wonderful hotel!! we stayed at Le Pavilion for 3 nights Veteran's Day weekend and could not have been happier. The staff was helpful, the room clean and housekeeping lightning quick. The breakfast buffet was great, too. The location was close enough to walk to the FQ without the noise of the FQ. Overall, excellent and BEAUTIFUL place to stay!!  
<Date>Nov 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>nybill88
<Content>Outstanding Having stayed there for one night our only complaint was that we couldnt stay for a week. It would be difficult to find fault with the rooms, or the staff at this hotel. The 10PM peanut butter party is unique and very clever of the staff to have this. Highly recommend this hotel should you stay in New Orleans.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>pittgirl99
<Content>Wonderful stay! My husband and I took a trip to New Orleans to celebrate our first anniversary -- and we were not disappointed. We booked a room at the Le Pavillon after reading the reviews on TripAdvisor, and it was well worth it! The hotel is elegant and stately, and our deluxe room was beautiful (antique furnishings, large king bed, shower/tub combo). The concierge was wonderful in providing us many suggestions for restaurants, getting around town, and places to visit. We especially loved the PBJ and cocoa treat at night -- it's like a little taste of home. The hotel's location, while some reviewers have said it is far, is a very easy walk to the French Quarter and two blocks from the bus stop to the Garden District (the St. Charles Streetcar is not currently running). At night, we walked well-lit streets and walked with a purpose and never felt unsafe. We loved our stay -- and will definetly be back.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Scarlet27
<Content>A True Diamond in the Rough From the moment you arrive at the grand entrance, you know you are somewhere very unique. I was greeted by a gracious doorman and then escorted up to my room. I had booked a regular room, but quickly upgraded to a junior suite when I saw the difference. It's well worth the additional money for the upgrade. This is what you visit New Orleans for!!! Room Service was prompt and delicious, the concierge on duty was informative about the city and the hotel was simply the most beautiful I have visited. I look forward to my next visit and am thrilled to have found such a diamond in the rough.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kiwikid
<Content>Big Dirty in the Big Easy I stayed at the Hotel Le Pavillon in August with my family of four. We booked a luxury two bedroom suite to allow the children to sleep in a separate bedroom. Upon arrival there was no bellman or valet to be found. It took several minutes to check in as they had misplaced our reservation. We were upgraded to the antique suite. Upon arrival in the suite I was distressed tohave an empty bottle of Jack Daniels fall on my head whilst retrieving the only extra pillow in the room from the closet shelf. (A total of four small pillows had been provided for two queen beds). I asked that housekeeping send extra pillows and retrieve the empty bottle of liquor and the housekeeper arrived disgruntled and scowling, clearly upset to be doing her job.I then went into one of two bathrooms to wash my hands and was dismayed to see a thick, thick layer of dirt on the wall and floor. I took a wash cloth and ran it along the floor under the sink and floorboard and it was covered in filth and a great deal of someone else's hair. I quickly went to the other bathroom and discovered an equally disturbing level of filth. At this point I called and voiced my concerns to the manager who once again sent housekeeping to take care of the problem. At this point someone did come and scrub but they did not bother to replacae any of the washcloths I had used with new ones.In addition the the dirt it turns out that one is charged when anything in the mini bar is touched. I know this is a practice in several places however we have never had so much trouble getting the charges reversed. Finally, while I do not expect every hotel to carry uber expensive toiletries, I do expect that a 400 dollar per night suite would provide shampoo and conditioner and not a watery conditioning shampoo. I was completely disappointed by my experience at this hotel. It is Not because this is an older hotel; one of my favorite hotels in the world is the famed Pink Hotel in Honolulu and several other older hotels are dear to my heart. However, being older should not preclude being clean.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	1	3	1	

<Author>ursacat
<Content>Wonderful Hotel, welcoming staff! I must say, I was delighted to stay at Le Pavilion. I had no idea how beautiful a Hotel it really was until I arrived for my meetings this week. But that's just the physical space. What I wanted to really say is how truly wonderful everyone from the front door to the front desk was. Not just the usual greeting but it seemed a true welcome to New Orleans spirit. We had the chance to dine out at a few restaurants off the beaten path and the same spirit was evident.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>geohanks67
<Content>An Amazing Stay....               
<Date>Sep 18, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Chiclunatique
<Content>Hotel Sweet Hotel Upon arrival, we were greeted with a friendly and accomodating staff. We were shown to our room, which was spacious and well appointed. Our first morning, we eventually came down for breakfast, but discovered we missed it by 10 minutes. Lynnesa, a sweet waitress, told us she could grab a couple of bagels and coffee anyway. We were able to enjoy a quick bite, despite our late arrival, we were so grateful.The PBJ sandwich tradition was really special too. Overall a great place to stay, it felt like home.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>tgony
<Content>Incredible Service The staff at LePavillon was incredible. They helped us feel comfortable and made our stay extremely enjoyable. The hotel is beautiful, the food was some of the best we had in the city (and that's saying a lot for New Orleans). It was true southern hospitality! The spirit and fun of New Orleans is back at the LePavillon Hotel. I'm originally from New Orleans, but moved to NYC over 20 years ago. Going back to view the destruction from Katrina was horrible. The staff at LePavillon made all the difference. It was home again!  
<Date>Sep 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>RTGeorgia
<Content>Great Experience My son and I stayed at Le Pavillion for two nights over the Labor Day weekend.  We had a very smooth check-in and arrived in our room to find a fruit and bottled water basket with balloons and a personal note from the hotel. The room was gorgeous and clean with none of the musty smells mentioned in some reviews. The rooftop pool was beautiful and the view was great. The staff was helpful and friendly. The peanut butter and jelly sandwiches in the evenings were a nice touch. This hotel is within walking distance to the French Quarter or you can grab a cab for about $5.00. It is very rare that a hotel is actually nicer than you expect, but this was one of those rare occasions. I have recommended this hotel to everyone I have talked to since returning.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>rohese
<Content>A Disaster I came to New Orleans for a 2 month stay as a contractor working for a government agency, and long-term housing at LePavillon was provided. At first, the chandeliers and the lobby promised a luxury experience, but it only took a few hours to dispel those expectations! As other reviews have already made clear, the bedrooms and bathrooms are dirty, musty - the whole hotels smells like mold - the bedding is old and worn-out, and the temperature controls don't work. The hotel staff has obviously been well-versed as to what constitutes southern hospitality, but in spite of this overweening solicitousness (within five minutes, staff is calling you by your first name), they cannot be relied on to execute requests for simple wake-up calls or other basic services. Rooms and restaurant are overpriced, the food is mediocre, and the hotel is generally half-empty. Requests for better mattresses are ignored by the managerial staff; the hotel bills you for incidentals without your knowledge or without submitting the list of incidentals they are billing you for to you in advance (my daughter and her son were substantially overbilled for mini-bar charges they did not incur). In my own mini-bar, I discovered an opened, half-drunken bottle of white wine - which, while I reported it, has not been removed or replaced in over 3 weeks! Dirty moldy interiors, worn-out bedding, unresponsive management, and sloppy billing - check in at your own risk!  
<Date>Sep 11, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	2	2	1	

<Author>nolaguest
<Content>Nice but not worth the $$ We were guests this past weekend, in a Junior Suite at $229.00 per night. Check-in was very slow and cumbersome. The Front Desk clerk stated they were not expecting anyone in their Junior Suites over the weekend so he would have to send housekeeping to a suite and check on the condition (I was very surprised by this considering we had a reservation for a Junior Suite). It took half an hour to obtain entrance to the room.The room was classic Victorian in decor. However, there were flaws. The couch was worn, the carpet was split, and the bed was extremely soft. All-in-all the room was musty. There was an atmosphere of old world charm but the condition of the room did not meet the rate.Dinner in the hotel restaurant was memorable because it felt like a walk-in freezer! All guests were complaining about the temperature. The food was OK ... not great, not bad ... but did not rise to the $97.00 bill for Dinner (two entrees, two soft drinks, two bowls of soup).Drinks served in the hotel lounge were well mixed and comparable to the pricing.The much-advertised peanut butter and jelly sandwich with hot chocolate and milk offering at 10:00PM was interesting. We walked into the lobby at 10:10PM to find 80% of the sandwiches gone, only skim milk served in pint cartons available, and barely enough hot chocolate in the container to pour one drink. It's a great idea and nice touch but at least don't run out of everything in ten minutes (on a night when the hotel's staff told me they were running about 40% occupancy).The Breakfast buffet was tasty and well prepared. And at $18.00 per person it should have been.All-in-all I'm glad we stayed, it was a unique experience, but I doubt we'll be back due to the apparent decline of the property. I highly suggest the owners invest in new carpeting and bedding in the rooms.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2006
<Rating>4	2	2	4	2	1	-1	-1	

<Author>krbonil
<Content>Underwhelmed I don't look for much in a hotel room in New Orleans because we tend to spend most of our time in the city as opposed to in the hotel. However, even with that in mind, I wouldn't return here. The lobby is beautiful but the room itself was disappointing. The bedding and carpet were musty, the phone did not work, nor did the hairdryer. The staff was polite and happy to see people returning to the city, but I couldn't help but feel annoyed when waiting and waiting (and waiting) for the valet to retrieve our car. Which I could see from the hotel steps. Parked in the lot next to the hotel. There are some good online deals from time to time, but for people looking to stay in or near the Quarter, I'd recommend looking elsewhere.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	4	3	3	

<Author>Jecrensh
<Content>Super friendly staff One of the more recent reviews suggests Le Pavillon displays what may be called pretend elegance. Well, sometimes it's fun to pretend! Le Pavillon is historic, it looks great, and provides amenities beyond the norm. It makes it easy to feel like you are experiencing luxury. Also, all the staff seemed to have been very happy to work there and were proud of their hotel. Their positive attitude came across in what appeared to be a genuine desire to make our stay pleasant.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't miss this hotel, You can't go wrong here We had a great 2 day stay July 5 th  6th. Could not have been better. We recieved great service from the time Albert meet us at the door until we checked out. Beautiful lobby and rooms. We have traveled all over the world and the jr king suite we stayed in was nicer than some of the rooms we have stayed in and paid 3x the amount. If you haven't been to New Orleans since Katrina, GO. This was the safest we have ever felt in New Orleans and the staff at La Pavillon will bend over backwards to make your stay there one to remember. We will be back soon.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>pokerman
<Content>Comfortable Stayed two nights in mid-June. Location is excellent, just a few blocks from the N.O. Aquarium, Harrah's Casino, French Quarter and the Riverwalk Mall. Staff was competent and friendly. Room was clean. Pool on top of roof was refreshing but the area surrounding it (cabanas, seats, decking, carpet, etc.) was a bit worn and needs an update. As far as the city is concerned, it is what is is (and always has been). It's hot, dirty and crime ridden. We go for the shopping, restaurants and to visit distant family and know to stay in the hotel after a certain hour and not go to certain areas at any time.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>J_Thornhill
<Content>In Terms of Luxury, Le Pavillon Falls Short of the Mark The uniformly glowing reviews of this property make me even more regretful that my own visit was not nearly as enjoyable. I visited in March of 2005, on my first visit to New Orleans. To be fair, it should be stated that I checked in at the Pavillon after more than a week at the Maison Orleans, arguably one of the finest hotels in the south, owned and operated by the adjacent Ritz-Carlton. Nonetheless, I had been seduced by the gorgeous website and with a few more days in the city, I was hopeful that the Pavillon would offer a change of scenery. It certainly did.The hotel鈥檚 exterior is nothing less than breathtaking, especially at night, standing in sharp contrast to the relatively modern buildings of the business district. Unfortunately, the exterior is where my happy memories of this hotel end. The lobby might be described as grand if one has little experience with grandeur. Yes, there was plenty of marble and several chandeliers, yet these things alone do not define luxury. Close inspection of nearly any area reveals the use of inexpensive materials and a lack of attention to detail 鈥?tell-tale signs of a renovation budget spread painfully thin. It may have been thought charming and no doubt economical to retain the ancient and disarming check-in 鈥渃age鈥? but the installation of a more modern and welcoming reception area would have proven a much wiser investment. The check-in process itself was a decidedly dull affair, not unlike a visit to the DMV, with the agent exhibiting only the barest modicum of hospitality. Carrying my own bags to my room, the elevator opened onto a poorly-lit and dingy hallway which had apparently been overlooked during the recent 鈥渕ulti-million dollar renovations鈥?touted in the brochures. Gaudy murals could not hide the obvious neglect. Not surprisingly, the room itself perfectly met each of my already low expectations. Red and green jewel tones dominated the d茅cor revealing an even more futile attempt at 鈥渙ld-world鈥?opulence. The Pavillon has obviously yet to learn the lesson that true luxury cannot be mass-produced. Try to imagine a 鈥淭reasures from Old New Orleans鈥?hour on the Home Shopping Network, and you will begin to understand my disappointment. The staff was as attentive and professional as one might expect them to be without proper training. Most seemed to go about their duties with an air of awkward confusion; inoffensive, but not terribly helpful. I recall some bewilderment regarding my ability to take breakfast in the main dining room. Some misguided young couple had apparently decided to celebrate the happiest day of their lives in that room, and paying guests were being re-routed to the bar area for breakfast in preparation for the event. I and several other guests naturally refused, and remained in limbo for about fifteen minutes before finally being allowed inside. The staff in the dining room were friendly, though subject to a rather unorthodox ranking system which provided some servers with 鈥渁ssistants鈥? a situation I have yet to encounter again. I would note however, that the breakfast itself was quite good.My only consolation for the 鈥淧avillon Affair鈥?(as I now refer to it) is that my overall experience in the beautiful Crescent City was enjoyable due to the warm, welcoming and wonderful people who live there. In terms of accommodations, the city is filled with any number of delightful hotels and BB鈥檚. To make your visit to New Orleans the delight it ought to be, I would recommend staying somewhere other than Le Pavillon.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2006
<Rating>1	1	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>sjblackman
<Content>Neat experience! First trip to NOLA; did a lot of research before booking. Thought pictures looked beautiful - was not disappointed. It was in walking distance to many things; a $5 cab ride will get you to the French Quarter.The staff was extremely friendly and interested in our stay. I was a little concerned when I walked in with my two small children (2 and 3 yrs old) because the place is like a muesem! But no one seemed to care that I had two munchkins in tow - in fact, many people stopped to talk to both of them.Housekeeping staff was very friendly! Always asked me how things were when I saw them. Hotel room was the typical setup, but with plenty of crown molding and other nice touches that made it seem more like a bed and breakfast.The breakfast buffet, although pricey, was nice. I was full until late afternoon. At least go look at the dining room - it is lovely.Pool was beautiful. It might be considered a little small, but it was only myself and one other family, so it was plenty of space.My kids LOVED the peanut butter reception. Was a nice, quaint touch in such an R rated city. Everyone mingled around feel-good sandwiches and hot chocolate. Again, made it seem like a BB.Negatives - VERY expensive food in mini-bar. Don't even tough it b/c it's monitered by infared lasers. My husband found a spider the size of Mount Everest in the sink. Otherwise, very clean.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Karacg
<Content>Wonderful Service, although a bit slow... The lobby is beautiful. The rooms are nice, nothing extraordinary...but they are clean and the turn-down service is great. We were celebrating our anniversary so they upgraded us, and sent up a bottle of champagne and a fruit basket along with a nice note from management. These little details are what make a hotel exceptional in my opinion.Breakfast was excellent. We got a sandwich in the bar and it took for-e-ver. But, the staff is all so friendly and accomodating you forgive them their laissez-faire attitude.The hotel is a little further from the French Quarter than I would like, but when the streetcar is back up and running it will be fine, as the garden district will be easy to get to.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Belasaria
<Content>Stunning Hotel, Excellent Service       Gravier Complext Meeting Room  
<Date>May 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not as impressed as others... This was my first trip back to New Orleans after evacuating the Saturday before Katrina. I chose to stay at Le Pavillon because of the rave reviews. Maybe I caught them on a bad weekend because I was not that impressed. The hotel lobby IS beautiful, the room was nice, but the decorative pillows on the beds were worn and torn. Our bathroom was not cleaned well after our first night (of four). We took our 3 month old son for his first swim in the rooftop pool (which is small but lovely) and there were no towels. I called the front desk and was told they would bring them right up; 45 minutes later we had to wrap our shivering infant in a hotel robe because there still were no towels. The hot chocolate was delicious (much better than the peanut butter and jelly sandwiches on slightly stale bread and bruised apples served with it), but hot chocolate does not a quality hotel make in my opinion. They also charged us for valet service we did not use (this was cleared right up). I expected much more for $150/night. I will try another hotel on our next visit as we try to get set to start our lives over in New Orleans.  
<Date>May 14, 2006
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>sfwasabi
<Content>Absolutely Beautiful! We were lucky enough to stay at Le Pavillon twice the week before the hurricane, once on our way to Oklahoma and once on our way back. The hotel was absolutely beautiful and clean. The staff was friendly. For our second stay they had a bottle of chilled sparkling water waiting for us thanking us for choosing them again. A class act. We loved it!  
<Date>Apr 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Le Pavillon: Grand Lobby/ Great Service We booked our room at Le Pavillon on Expedia not sure how we would find the hotel or the City of New Orleans 6 months after Katrina. We're happy to report that the hotel suffered no ill effects from the storm and the city is rallying. The hotel is beautiful and offers the perfect balance of grandeur and treating everyone like an honored guest. My family, including 2 kids (11 and 13) arrived in New Orleans early Saturday, March 25, and went directly to a neighborhood cleanup effort. We arrived at the hotel looking a little hot and scruffy in sweats, jeans and caps. Despite our appearance, we were welcomed like royalty. The lobby, halls and rooms are beautiful and the service here -- and throughout the city -- was incredibly warm and welcoming. If we sensed anything, it was a lingering worry and weariness over Katrina, but the City is definitely coming back. Do not hesitate to come to New Orleans and you can't go wrong at Le Pavillon.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a great hotel! I stayed at Le Pavillion recently on business. My firm usually stays at the Ritz but due to storm damage the Ritz is still closed for repairs.I was pleasantly surprised, more than pleasantly actually at this hotel.My room was large, nicely decorated and very comfortable--especially the bed and pillows. The lobby was beautiful and the pool and hot tub were very nice with a rooftop view that I enjoyed.The staff was friendly and helpful. I will definitely stay with them again!  
<Date>Mar 20, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>WstngTme2
<Content>A grand lady in the heart of the city Our stay at Le Pavillion was delightful despite the diminished staff. The hotel itself is a lovely older property. We were made to feel welcome from the moment we arrived. We hope to return again soon to witness the rebirth or a wonderful city.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very, Very Pleased My Husband  I stayed here for 4 days following a cruise. I chose the hotel for it's location based on the map, turned out to be perfect: walk to the french quarter, very nice area, felt very comfortable walking at night. The hotel itself is outstanding! I found the staff to be wonderful, especially our concierge. He worked to get dinner reservations at top restaurants, got us booked on a tour with about 20 minutes notice, and made many recommendations that turned out to be right on the money. Our room was lovely and the turndown service was quite a pleasant surprise. Not only would I highly recommend La Pavillon, but I will stay there again!  
<Date>Dec 18, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Higly recommend! We stayed at Le Pavillon Hotel the weekend when Hurricane Katrina hit. You would not find a better place to wait out the storm. We had a hot breakfast, on Monday morning on August 29th, when the winds outside were about 100mph. The staff was fantastic, they handled hurricane situation very professionally. Every member of the staff was very friendly and helpful. The hotel was built about 100 years ago, has a solid structure, the damage from hurricane was a few broken windows. If we decide to visit New Orleans, without any doubt we would stay at the Le Pavillon Hotel. HIGLY recommend this beautiful hotel!  
<Date>Nov 23, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>torontotravellers5
<Content>Very Ornate Hotel, But a Few Caveats We enjoyed our 4-night stay immensely. As others have said, it is an exceptionally well-decorated hotel. In fact, we were informed by numerous locals that even they go there to enjoy the ambience.It was an excellent value (just over $100/night) because we were willing to suffer through the summer heat in New Orleans. (yeah, its pretty bad) For our price, we were completely satisfied with our stay- its now a memorable part of our trip. However, I don't think I would pay full price for the following reasons: Its not that close to the French Quarter (20 minute walk...at least), small rooms (and even smaller bathroom), expensive parking (yeah, its a big city, but when you see how insecure their lot is and when you realize that you're going to have to cab to the French Quarter fairly frequently, you'll get a little annoyed)Still, a remarkable hotel that truly spoils its clients and gives them a taste of New Orleans history....just consider the above caveats.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I loved it!! From the moment i put the step on the hotel it was great. from the bellman to the reception, housekepping, and everything. The food is great, great waffles and eggs benedict!!! Emilia, the room service girl was very nice, and told us a lot about the city (she was not from there either) The waiter was very nice and the room was, although not so big, very warm and greatly decorated.the only I should complain is the cold bar and the singer taht is not so good!!!I CAN HIGHLY RECOMMEND IT!!!!!!!  
<Date>Sep 12, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved our stay! My husband and I stayed at Le Pavillon about a year and a half ago.We had been to New Orleans many times, but this is our favorite hotel by far! The hotel is beautiful, friendly, efficient staff and the hotel is close to everything. When Katrina hit, we had been in the process of planning another visit for March '06. Our prayers are with the people of New Orleans, and as soon as they are ready for guests, we will be back!  
<Date>Sep 10, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>irvoc_78
<Content>Nice but inconsistent hotel Stayed at the Le Pavillon the weekend before Katrina hit New Orleans (Aug 26th-28th) - booked off of the hotel's website for a very good rate of $109/night. The hotel lobby was beautiful and immaculate, the previous reviewer was not kidding in saying it was the coldest room in New Orleans (and trust me, that's a good thing!). Perhaps I dealt with staff in all the off times, but I wasn't particularly impressed with the service anywhere in the hotel. It took almost 20 minutes for the valet to park my car upon check-in, it was 1 am and there practically a line of cars waiting. For $28/night you could do better, also note from what I saw the parking was outside. I'd at least expect the cars to be parked in a structure. However, the room was beautiful with high ceilings, a nice ceiling fan and crown molding. Bed was comfortable, but the bedding itself was not, a little stratchy from what I can remember. Also the previous reviewer said the bathroom was small...boy were they not kidding. I am not a big person by any means and I felt clausterphobic in there! And the shower/tub drain didn't work right, if I took any longer than a 10 minute shower the tub was almost half full of water! Also for a hotel of this caliber I was surprised to find shampoo/conditioner combo bottle. On the plus side, the gym while small is nicely stocked with fruit, water and sports beverages and the machines are adequate enough for a decent workout (albeit the equipment is a little old). The rooftop pool is a nice touch, with great views of the city. The pool could use some work though...some of the tiles have fallen off the pool. Unfortunately I wasn't there for the peanut butter and jelly sandwiches, must admit that is a nice touch. Check-out was a bit hectic to say the least...the valet brought out the wrong rental car and the front desk staff was abrupt and curt at best. Given the situation on Sunday morning (hurricane hit on Monday) I would let any establishment slide. Probably wouldn't stay at Le Pavillon again although I wish the hotel and the rest of New Orleans the best of luck and would like to say that it is a wonderful city and would love to visit again.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>JAHwd
<Content>Beautiful Taste of New Orleans!!! I stayed at the hotel 2 years ago for one night before I went on a Carnival cruise. The hotel is beautiful and everyone there was so nice! I have worked at a hotel in Wisconsin for 10 years and was quite impressed with this hotel. The entire hotel is emaculate, the room was cozy and nicely decorated, the restaurant was excellant. I really loved the rooftop pool area!! You don't see that in Wisconsin.I would just like to say my prayers are with everyone in New Orleans and the entire Gulf Coast. I cannot imagine what they must have had to endure over this past week. New Orleans what a magnificent city and I know it will be that way again- the people and spirit of New Orleans are stronger than anything Mother Nature could ever dish out. God Bless New Orleans and the Gulf Coast!!!  
<Date>Sep 6, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Southern hospitality at it's best Due to flight delays, my wife and I arived after midnight and in unpleasant if not outright foul moods. Our first impression of the hotel was quite good with elaborate decor throughout the hotel. Check in was quick and efficient.The only bad thing to report was we arived only slightly before hurricane Katrina did. As soon as we knew she was on her way, we moved our flights up to the earliest available. Unfortunately, these were cancelled and we rode the storm out in the hotel. The staff were attentive and did their best to keep us comfortable and informed.One of the hotel employees was actually responsible for getting my wife and I safely out of town (Thanks Rolando).  
<Date>Sep 6, 2005
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>cust_svc_required
<Content>Loved it!! Beautiful hotel but glad we left b4 Katrina       Deluxe Queen Beds  
<Date>Sep 5, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>MaraSuung
<Content>Epitome of Southern Gentility My stay at Le Pavillon was a step into the gracious living of the old south. From Marvin and Priscilla in the dining room to the tasteful decor, I soaked up the grandeur that is historic New Orleans. I hope and pray this landmark survives the trauma of recent days. Given the opportunity, I will stay at Le Pavillon often in the future.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>All except front desk staff was great!!! Everyone here was wonderful - all the staff very friendly  attentive - gorgeous rooms and fast service - lots of freash towels at the pool... fruit  water in the gym fridge for everyone... BUT many of the front desk staff were snippy and rude.. but they were the exception...all in all a wonderful time  a very special hotel.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>TonyJH
<Content>thought it was great a lovely hotel, excellent service, very friendly staff - and peanut butter and jelly sandwiches served at 10.00pm - not something us British are used to - but i thought it was a great touch. Would recommend.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>fircrest1
<Content>The best! Clean, well appointed hotel in great location.Love the rooftop pool and room decor.Spent three night there, with average cost of $120 a night. Great value and not a disappointment. Followed tht up wth one night at Hotel Provincial, which was a huge disappointment, despite a good location. I would return toHotel Pavillion; it's a lot more than great sandwiches and free coffee!  
<Date>Aug 23, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Moosegirl
<Content>Loved, loved, loved Le Pavilion After watching Samantha Brown feature this hotel on the Travel Channel, my boyfriend and I decided to stay here for my first visit to New Orleans. It went beyond my expectations! Customer service by the staff was top-notch, the rooms were extremely clean and beautifully decorated and the rooftop pool/spa was a great place to relax! Its close proximity to the French Quarter made it even more special as we could walk back and forth without getting too tired. The PB  J sandwiches were the best! We will definitely stay here on our next trip.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>princesslollipop
<Content>Royalalty in a city of romance Royal, regal and oh so french!arrival to this breathtaking structure was art in itself. Feels like your in Paris France. The Hotel feels very feminine in its presence, though men will be attacted to her beauty and wit. This hotel brings out the passion in all relationships- so stay here and find a rekindled romance or start up a new one. The rooms are deep within thought and relaxing to the mind. Beds are comfortable and tastful in design as is the rooms ambiance. The rooftop is a statement of class. Le Pavillion has a roof top pool , with view of new orleans that make anyone want to kiss the night to the wind.The gym is also not just a place to shed lbs. but a great view of the city as well. The restaurant serves a great brunch -tasty, and welcoming are the servers. The hotel is close to the french Quater , but far enough from the parties, and loud noise. It is quiet and a real getaway, with perks of being next to all the action when your ready to let loose. I had a wonderful experience with this hotel, nothing failed.... Go for the gold and stay at this hotel and feel like a million ....As the chandeleirs shine down as you stroll through the lobby remember you are really here at Le Pavillion New Orleans  
<Date>Aug 19, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>okay We just got through staying the night here. A little disappointed after reading the great reviews. It is a very ornate hotel, and the pbj sandwiches and hot cocoa at night are charming. But the rooms are so small. Our bathroom had a shower with a 1/3 the normal size of a tub. If you can call it a tub. Only one person can fit into the shower or pretty much the whole bathroom at a time. I found one outlet that was not hard to get to, and thankfully I only had my computer and camcorder to plug in. Because the other outlet was located underneath the middle of our bed. And no coffeemaker.If you want to gamble or go to bourbon street you can stay at the intercontinental hotel for about the same price. It had larger rooms and coffee makers. Also it's fitness center was huge. I got it on priceline for $65. I was trying to get this hotel because we had already paid for one night, and decided to start our vacation a day earlier and priceline has the le pavillion and intercontinental as it's 4* in the CBD. Fortunately we got the intercontinental even though at the time I was upset because of the bad reviews.All in all, unless you want to attend the spa or have them come to your room for a massage, or need a heated pool, and are not on a honeymoon, I would stay elsewhere.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2005
<Rating>4	2	2	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>wakegirl1967
<Content>Service, Smiles, and Snacks We just returned from a weekend getaway to New Orleans. We booked our package with Expedia and we were concerned that we might not be treated as well as someone who booked with the hotel directly. I called two weeks in advance to order flowers for my sweetie. Ms. Lou, the Concierge, said that we should order them the day before arrival to ensure that everything went smoothly. She took down my number and called me by 9 a.m. just as promised. When we arrived, after a thrilling cab ride from the airport (If you get an ex professional soccer player from Guatamala buckle up FAST), we were greeted by the valet and escorted into the hotel to the reception desk. We were upgraded from a room with a queen bed to a king bed! Our bell hop, Naheed, always greeted us and asked us how our stay was going. He was a wealth of information for things to do off the beaten path and for great local restaurants to eat at. The room was beautifully decorated and had adequate space for our needs. Yes the bathroom counter was small but I easily was able to put my belongings there without worry. Besides exactly how much time do you really spend in the bathroom? The safe was locked so we couldn't use it right away so we called down to the front desk and within a minute someone was at our door to fix it for us. We then went to have a cocktail before our balmy walk to dinner. Definitely request turndown service. Not only will you get a bedtime snack and a bottle of Abita Springs water (great for after an evening of a few too many cocktails)j but the maid will replace any used towels and replenish your shampoo, body lotion, and soap. Also make sure to have the late evening snack of PB  J's from 10 - 11. There were plenty of fixings to make your own sandwich plus fruit, superb hot chocolate, and ice cold milk. The Concierge, Ms. Lou was always helpful and can get you a reservation anywhere in town even on short notice! Also speak with any of the valets or bell hops they also have a good pulse on the city and can steer you in the right direction for a funky little place to eat or listen to wonderful music. My husband is a triatha-geek. So he found the workout facilities adequate for his needs. The pantry in the workout room is always stocked with sports drinks, bottled water and fresh fruit. Even if you don't use the facility you can go in for a snack in the m iddle of the afternoon to hold you over until dinner. The pool was small still refreshing after a hot day. YES, the elevators are slow but try to remember that the hotel was built in 1907. I'm sure part of what attracted to you to the property is the fact it is a historic property. If you want a faster elevator go to one of the newer chain hotels in the city. YES, it is a short walk to the Quarter but I would much rather take a walk to the Quarter or $5 cab ride so I could get a good nights sleep and not hear drunk people pounding up and down the halls all night long. Or to hear police sirens on Canal. It is a beautifully restored hotel whos charm is not only in the decor but the people who work there. I would definitely stay at this hotel again. p.s. The suite near room 728 has one of Napoleon Bonaparte's marble bathtubs. The people who were staying in there were kind enough to let us see the suite.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>LaurieChris
<Content>great hotel in New Orleans Spent a girls weekend away at Le Pavillion Aug 12 - 14th 2005. The staff was awesome. They took excellent care of everyone. The piano bar was cozy and fun for even families. I have visited N.O. many times and this is my favorite hotel yet. It is not that bad of a walk from the quarter and on a weekend night 3 girls felt safe. I will stay there again.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>travelfromric
<Content>service charm style at Le Pavillion We just returned from two 2-day stays at Le Pavillion. What a lovely property! The lobby and downstairs is quite grand but elegant, and the rooftop pool is just stunning (fitness center is small, but nice, as well). There is obviously quite a bit of attention to detail here. The service was great--we gave the concierge staff a workout and they did a fine job for us, following up on a number of requests. The room (we had a deluxe room both times, on different floors, one w/ king, one w/ 2 queens) is quite nice. I particularly liked the painted ceiling (subtle, but charming). The bathrooms are small but very well-appointed, my only quibble being no place to hang the towel except a hook on the back of the door.During summer, this was excellent price for value as well. We found the location to be great for both the FQ and the warehouse district--you can get to both easily from the hotel.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Beauty in New Orleans A Beauty in The Big-Easy (new Orleans)......If you want Noise and Confusion-Get a room in the French Quarter !..But if you want comfort, beauty,quiet,superior accomadations with a Staff ALL dedicated to Outstanding customer Service abd attention to DETAIL-Le Pavillion is the place fpr you.......Only a 4-minute cab ride from the French_qtr and all it's tourist attractions-Yet Quiet and cozy enough to think you are nestled in your very own Mountain_top estate_Le Pavillion IS the BEST of all possibilities in Nwe Orleans.....Amenities include a wonderful cozy lobby_lounge and a Brilliant, Sparkling Dining room_The CRYSTAL ROOM----Where Food and Service are Superb......After a day or two here, you may lose your desire to venture out to the humid, hot, muggy streets of the Quarter-since this Htel pampers you and gives ALL that one could possibly need to Rest, Relax, and absorb the Ambiace of N. Orleans !  
<Date>Aug 10, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Comparable to the Ritz On our recent trip to New Orleans, we had decided to stay at the Le Pavillion Hotel. One of the first things that struck me was the professionalism and friendliness of the ENTIRE hotel staff. If you made eye contact they would smile, and greet you. They had a sense of pride about their hotel and were very quick to tell all kinds of information and stories about it. Whatever our needs were they were quickly met. The rooms were very well furnished, and the bathrooms with marble floors and sinks made you think you were in a palace. The rooms while very nice and comfortable, were a bit small, but so are many other comparable hotels. I was able to use the high speed internet with no problems at all. We didn't like some of the resturants we went to in town, so one night we had ordered room service. The food was better than some of the resturants on Bourbon street, and the price was cheaper, so we had room service for the rest of our time there. I very stongly recommend ordering breakfast. This was our second trip to New Orleans, our first stay was at the Ritz. I can honestly say that our experiance at the Le Pavillion was comparable to that of the Ritz. The Le Pavillion is way more economical than the Ritz, making it more appealing and a better bargin than the Ritz.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>shamalam
<Content>Hotel made my whole trip I loved the Le Pavillion. Even now, I would give anything to be there. The hotel is beautiful, the rooftop pool is fantastic and the workout facilities were great. They even supplied free bottles of water and fruit in the workout room. We had a standard room and it was beautiful. Slightly small, but beautiful. Every member of the staff greeted us as we past by them. Do Not Miss the PBJ! You will regret it. Also, ask for the turndown service. The cookies they leave on your pillow are unbelievable. The hotel was close to the French Quarter and close to the Riverfront area.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>irishjig69b
<Content>very nice stay we stayed at the la pavillion in july of this year and i can honestly say the hotel and staff were top class everything was as it should be for this hotel and would highly recommenf the hotel to any body going to new orleans it was centraly located 10 minutes walk to burbon street and everywhere u would want to be, the pool was a bit small but very nice in deed on top of the hotel and its open till 1am wich was very welcome to av a swim late at nite, the staff were second to none and the concergie justin was very very helpful as was paula in the reception and mainly all the staff i would highly recomend this hotel to anybody we stayed their for 10 nites on our holidays from dublin ireland the only downside of the hotel was their was no tea or coffe making facilities in the room but as i did not drink either of these drinks i was not to bothered my wife did but with a coffe shop just outside on a side street it was not a problem all in all the la pavillion was a beautiful hotel and if ur going u will av a wonderful time in the 10/10  
<Date>Aug 8, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place to stay We just returned last night from NO. We spent three nights here. It was so beautiful on the inside! The service was excellent as well. It is a small walk to the French Quarter, but it isn't far, although after about 10:00 we took a cab back.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't want to go home!! This was my first stay and will definately return! Make sure to eat the waffle w/ ban. foster for breakfast and take advantage of the services (turn down, p.b  J, ect...).  
<Date>Aug 7, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>GinaDRacine
<Content>Great Hotel This hotel is a wonderful place to stay in the cess pool of downtown New Orleans. It's an older hotel that has spent untold dollars to ensure luxury at an affordable price. The rooms are somewhat small, but not uncomfortable. The decor is beautiful and the shower was the best I've ever experienced. The shower head dumps loads of water that feels similar to standing under a waterfall. (not stinging; pouring). The bath area is all marble and the swinging glass shower door is very unusual. The concierge is extremely helpful and gives tourist advice, brochures, and good directions. The breakfast buffet is high priced, but well worth it. (about $17). The restaurant (The Crystal Room) is beautiful, but expensive. I would highly recommend at least one meal during your stay. They serve excellent food. The rooftop pool and hot tub are nice, but small. The workout area is very nice. They even have a small fridge full of water and sports drinks, and a basket of fresh fruit (all free) for hotel guests who use the facility. The tradition of serving free peanut butter and jelly sandwiches, hot chocolate, fruit, and milk in the lobby every night is great! We really enjoyed our stay. Parking costs $28 per night (typical in New Orleans), and the valet parking service is ccontracted out by the hotel. The first night we were there, the valet parked our rental car by a wall and put a huge scratch on it. I would recommend parking your car yourself.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Solobay
<Content>More a preview than a review Not arriving till late August - Halloween week, and the service here has already been outstanding.Reception and booking was a dream - outlined all the options and took only a few minutes to get confirmation email.Justin, Guest Services Manager, if he's an indication of the service and hospitality of this hotel five stars will not be enough!!Poor guy has been email stalked by me for suggestions, restuarant bookings, limo bookings etc etc and it's been an outstanding service he has provided.Can't wait to shake his hand!  
<Date>Aug 2, 2005
<Rating>5	5	-1	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>nekko95
<Content>Will stay again - very nice We were visiting from WI and booked a stay for one-night. Excellent service, very clean, wonderful time. The rooms are very nice. Be sure to read the hotel's web-site before staying; I noted the items of interest, i.e., art work, the old Chicago saloon, stairwell history - it was really cool to look for these items while browsing the hotel.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Cardinalsfan44
<Content>home away from home We moved from the Chateau Sonesta to Le Pavillon after a brass band played under our window until 1:00 am in the Canal Street facing room at the Sonesta. Well, I am actually glad that Chateau Sonesta didn't work out for us since it gave us a chance to experience the elegance and friendliness of Le Pavillon. We stayed 5 nites in a deluxe king room which was spotless, had valet parking and their sinfully good breakfast every morning. All this was part of their summer getaway package which was 170.00 per nite before taxes. Any requests were immediatly granted and their nightly tradition of cocoa and PBJ sandwiches (which I know sounds a bit odd) was very classy. I can't think of anything that they could have done one bit better.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Ans92974
<Content>Great service, great lobby, dated rooms I'm from Louisiana and had always wanted to stay at Le Pavillon because it was so beautiful from the outside. The lobby does not disappoint - it's quite spectacular. Service is also fantastic. It's a little small - the two elevators are slow and creaky - but on the whole it's a great place to stay.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>OMG incredible!!!!!!!!!!! I was moving my girl friend from Florida to Las Vegas in a moving truck and we decided to stop and spend a couple of nights in New Orleans. We booked a room at Le Pavillon and had an incredible stay. We were worried that the truck would be so big that we wouldn't be able to park it, no worries, they handelled it. The lobby is so beautiful!!!! We got to the room and yes it is small but not so small that you feel crowded (unless you're 6'8  450lbs). The room was clean. We had one of our dinners brought to us room service and it was awsome. It was nice to eat this wonderful meal next to the window over looking New Orleans. My girl friend hit the pool late one night and said she liked it (I didnt make it up there). We were able to walk to the French Quarter no problem, and felt completly safe, even stumpling in drunk at 4:00am (we missed the PPJs). We will most certainly stay there again. Everthing was wonderful, and the price really wasnt bad for a hotel near the French Quarter.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent service at Le Pav! A collegue and I spent three nights at Le Pavillon for a conference, and were delighted at the staff's eagerness to serve, advise, etc., as well as with our surroundings.Although I am a regular visitor to nola, it was my first stay at Le Pav. The hotel's entire staff was polite, helpful, and fun. We got to know our doorman and our concierge. The woman answering the phone for room service got to know us, and on our second morning anticipated our our morning call for cappuccino and cranberry juice.On our way back to the room one afternoon we told the concierge our TV was fuzzy, and the repair guy almost beat us to the room. I got the feeling that their guests' comfort is their first concern.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved our stay here! Our family of 4 stayed here in June 2005. The kids loved the pool on the roof, and thought the doorbell for our room was the greatest. The room was beautiful and quiet. We slept great.Another favorite was the peanut butter and jelly sandwiches served at 10:00. That is something they will always remember.Our stay was excellent. Staff was kind and helpful. Would recommend this hotel to everyone, and will stay there again if ever in the New Orleans area.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>shout86
<Content>a little more insight to La Pavillon Stayed at La Pavillon for 3 days with 2 kids. The hotel is beautiful, very lush. The rooms are small, bathrooms even smaller yet everything is very very clean. I would much rather have a small room yet clean than a suite where I cant take my shoes off. The pool is extremely small(dont let the pics on the website fool you) Roof top is fun but all you see are more buildings. Service is exceptional and everyone is very nice. The peanut butter and jelly sandwiches with milk and hot chocolate were by far the biggest hit. Would stay there again if pool weren't so important to the kids.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>wonderful experience       the pool, daylight  
<Date>Jul 15, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Freqtrav2
<Content>Great deal, loved it Had a convention in New Orleans and all the convention hotels were $160+ a night. Found this on Hotwire at $90/night. Beautiful building. Peanut butter and jelly sandwiches for afternoon tea, hot chocolate too. Very nice staff, lovely lobby. Nice room with marble counters and nice furniture. Definitely walkable to convention center. Would stay here again in a flash.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Stay - Would Recommend Service, Rooms, breakfast buffet, all was first class.. Would recommend to anyone! The service was great, most staff members have been there for 20+ years and know how to treat you! For Breakfast must try the waffles with ice cream!~ What a treat~ The room are recently updated and very nicely done. Black marble bathroom, Turn down service available (Would recommend for the cookie) The roof is wonderful for watching the sunset. A few blocks from Bourbon street, but we walked it day and night with no problems  
<Date>Jul 12, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a great hotel! From the moment you enter Le Pavillon you feel the ellegance and luxury of the place.The decor is terrific and most of the staff are exceptionally friendly and helpful.Our room was delightful and each night the turndown service was completed with a little gift of a cookie and bottles of water.The food was excellent with complimentary coffee in the breakfast room for all guests to use.We found the bar to be a very freindly place, if a little expensive.The rush for the evening sandwiches was a little off putting but that was the guests not the fault of the hotel.The location was, for us, just right. A ten minute stroll to the French Quarter through safe streets. The French Quarter is great but very noisy and this hotel, just a stroll away, was perfect.This hotel was one of the best we stayed in during our trip to the USA.Absolutely Great!  
<Date>Jul 5, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Bimini Twist
<Content>Our Fave, For Lots of Reasons My husband, son, and I often stay in New Orleans when visiting family nearby. Over the years, we've lodged in many hotels in the Big Easy...and Le Pavillon, a small, European-style luxury hotel in the Central Business District, continues to be our favorite. The location on Poydras is ultra-convenient, close to the French Quarter, Garden District, and Interstate 10. The European decor is elegant and luxurious (the dining room is billed as the most beautiful room in New Orleans, and that's not much of an overstatement...high praise in a city full of beautiful rooms). As with most close-in New Orleans hotels, standard rooms tend to be on the small side, but the beds are comfy, the linens soft, the marble baths clean and well-stocked, and the central air conditioning reliable (a must, at least six months of the year, in N.O.!). There's also a rooftop workout room, pool and Jacuzzi. We've found the employees to be unfailingly courteous and professional, and the concierge staff are some of the best in town. And while we rarely eat in any New Orleans hotel (not that they're bad, it's just that New Orleans has some of the best restaurants in America), we do recommend the breakfast buffet at Le Pav...it's quick and convenient for hotel guests, and Chef Pat's Bananas Foster waffles are unique and the ultimate brunch indulgence. Chef Pat is a one-of-a-kind lady as well. We recommend you check out Le Pav...and if you're on a budget, note that unlike some New Orleans luxury hotels, Le Pav often has Internet or seasonal specials.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>clkhls3x
<Content>Great service! Le Pavillon is a gorgeous hotel, and the staff is falling all over themselves to help you. We got a free upgrade and really enjoyed our stay. The pool area (on the roof) was lots of fun and a great place to hang out late at night (it's open until 1:00 am). The only drawback I found was the distance from the Quarter. It's about a 15 minute walk. There is a streetcar you can ride if you'd rather not walk. But, from the far reaches of the Quarter, it can be a long walk late at night when you really just want to crash. Overall, though, a fabulous place to stay.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>DMH50
<Content>poor service at Le Pavillon Would never stay here again.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>relaxnstyle
<Content>Outstanding!! My friend and I went to New Orleans for a long relaxing weekend. I go to New Orleans at least twice a year and have stayed at many hotels. I had not heard of Le Pavillon before this trip. It is an exquisite hotel, beautifully decorated, and the staff is so friendly. Our room was very spacious and very clean. This hotel is walking distance from Bourbon St. about two blocks. I felt very safe walking to and from Bourbon St. at night. However, if you are looking for a hotel with a loud, party atmosphere, this is not the place for you. It is a very quiet, relaxing place...a nice escape from the craziness of Bourbon St. My friend and I were treated like royalty and we loved our little mini break. I highly recommend Le Pavillon!!!!!  
<Date>Jun 24, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Friendly I spend about half of my life in a hotel; so the friendliness of the staff makes a big difference. I have to say that this hotel had some of the nicest people working there and after about an afternoon there you felt like it was your home away from home. The peanut butter  jelly sandwiches in the lobby at night help create that feeling - it was my husbands favorite part!!The location was great also - about a 10 minute walk to the French Quarter or if you would rather not walk it is located in a great spot to catch the streetcar either to the French Quarter or the Garden District. Also, the rooms were very nice  the beds were very comfortable....  
<Date>Jun 20, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>caserbin
<Content>LePav Is Great We stayed at LePav in early June and overall enjoyed our time there. One of the elevators was broken the entire time we were there so it made getting to and from our room a bit tedious, we often took the stairs as it was much faster than waiting. Our room was decorated beautifully but was smaller than I had expected. We had a deluxe queen. If you are used to room sizes at large, new hotels this will seem small. Everything in the room was clean and the evening turn down service was great. Even left us complimentary bottled water and cookies. The gym area is good with decent equipment. The pool area was less impressive. The photographs on the website are taken at night because in the day you would see how teeny tiny it is. It is a very small pool and there were only about ten lounge chairs. The staff at LePav was wonderful, very helpful and great about making recommendations. We frequently walked to the French Quarter and felt safe in the neighborhood. We are typically Marriott patrons but enjoyed the LePav as a nice diversion.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>caw
<Content>Disappointed with Le Pavillon My husband and I stayed at three different hotels in five days because of an overbooked convention in New Orleans. I selected Le Pavillion for the last two free days of our trip because of their ratings and reviews. The hotel is beautifully restored but I found that our room was over-crowded with a desk, 茅tag猫re, two chairs and a table in addition to the bed and night stands. I expected a small room because of the age of the property but didn鈥檛 expect that we鈥檇 have to angle ourselves around the double bed just to get to the window. There was no floor space left to stow luggage. Additionally, the bedding was tired and the sheets were thin. I read about the wonderful service from other posts but found our experience with the staff to be lackluster. After our stays at the Marriott and the Sheraton, I had expected a higher level of service then what was received. The week after our departure, I received an e-mail from Le Pavillion asking me to rate their hotel and service. I gave them an honest assessment based on my experience and was not surprised when I did not receive a reply to my comments.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved It! Best hotel in NOLA! This hotel was the best place to stay in NOLA. Close to the Quarter, Riverwalk, Casino. Short streetcar ride to the Garden District. The staff was friendly, helpful. The held our bags and let us have an early check in. Breakfast in the Crystal Room was great. The staff is attentive and accommodating. Will stay there again, can't wait!  
<Date>Jun 7, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>amarch
<Content>Le Pavillon is Great Stayed at Le Pavillon for 3 nights last week in May. My husband and 14 year old son just loved it. This was our first trip to New Orleans and we enjoyed every minute of it. Le Pavillon was everything I expected, very elegant and full of art and beautiful furnishings, did not feel like a bull in a china shop at all. My husband thought it was funny because I just wanted to stay in the bathroom, the rain shower was so nice and I just enjoyed the black tile with gold specks ambiance. The pool is excellent, went up after a long day walking the FQ. The jacuzzi was an added treat. And don't forget the peanut butter and hot chocolate everynight at 10 pm. Staff were courteous and made our stay enjoyable. Would of loved to stay longer but wanted the Bourbon experience and stayed at the Royal Sonesta another 2 nights.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>schnauzerlady
<Content>Always A Pleasure The staff was incredibly helpful. We got great restaurant tips --and reservations; the maids respected the Privacy Please signs; the breakfasts and lunches --prepared for a group-- were well above average.My only complaint is that the WiFi did not extend above the fifth floor (although we were assured that it worked in each and every room -- it worked for none of our group); and the ethernet was out of commission for almost our entire stay.Also, the elevators are incredibly slow; and there are occasions when one is aware of what is transpiring in the room next door.Still, the drawbacks are minor compared with the joy of staying in a beautifully restored, landmark hotel.This is our second stay at Le Pavillion; we have recommended that our group again select the hotel for its conference.  
<Date>May 31, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fabulous hotel We have just completed a five day stay at Le Pavillon in New Orleans, Louisiana. The hotel's decor is grand, yet comfortable. The rooms are exquisite, clean and very comfortable. We used the rooftop fitness center, hot tub and pool on a daily basis. Fruit , water and various rehydration drinks are available in the fitness center free of charge. The hotel also provides a bedtime snack of peanut butter sandwiches, fruit, hot chocolate with marshmallows and fresh whipped cream, lemonade in the lobby free of charge for its guests.The service was exceptional. I would highly recommend this hotel and would happily stay in this hotel should I return to New Orleans.  
<Date>May 29, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>edknees
<Content>Very nice place I checked in quickly and efficiently and went to my room. I had asked for a non-smoking room but upon entering the room it smelled of cigarette smoke not unlike a French Quarter dive bar. I went back to the registration desk and said I had requested a non-smoking room. She replied that all the rooms wre non-smoking. Well, here in lies the problem! Smokers can't get a smoking room so they accept the non-smoking room, disable the smoke alarm, and puff away. This is a case of unintentional consequences of a well-meaning policy. The hotel should probably revert back to providing some smoking rooms.Anyways, I was given a new room and it was beautiful and even had a view (unlike my original one). It was clean, roomy, quiet, very comfortable bed, and had an excellent bathroom. The staff was very professional and friendly. One example was the doorman who shook my hand every time I entered the hotel. The concierge was top notch.The hotel has probably the best location of any hotel in N.O. - away from the craziness of the French Quarter and Canal St. yet close enough for an easy walk there. It's also an easy walk in the other direction to a number of fine museums. (I highly recommend the D-Day museum.)  
<Date>May 25, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great stay with our two-year-old at Le Pavillon With our two-year-old son, we recently took the train from Washington, DC to New Orleans and stayed at Le Pavillon. The hotel was wonderful. First of all, it's very centrally located in a nice area. We didn't rent a car, so we walked everywhere very easily. It's even just a 15-minute walk from the train station, so we never needed to bring a car seat. My husband strolled our son to the hotel while I took a taxi with our luggage. Our son got a fever the first day, and we called the concierge to get the name of a children's clinic. The concierge gave us the name of a clinic, along with the name and number of the hotel's house doctor. Their house doctor came to our room and checked out our son. What a luxury it was to have a doctor come to us, especially in an unfamiliar city! The room service staff was always friendly and prompt. Our son likes warm milk, and when we called to order it, the staff took extra steps to ensure that the milk arrived at our room at the right temperature! The restaurant staff went out of their way to make our meals there comfortable, as did all the staff. One day, our son was crying in the restaurant, so we strolled him around the lobby. We returned to the restaurant when, all of a sudden, a staff member who saw us in the lobby appeared with a big, blue balloon! We immediately had a happy, smiling child! Every night around 10 p.m., the hotel has a tradition of serving peanut butter and jelly sandwiches. It's beautifully done on silver platters, with various kinds of bread, jellies, peanut butter, hot chocolate, milk, coffee, etc. It's a fun thing to look forward to in the evening! We highly recommend Le Pavillon!  
<Date>May 23, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wowed by La Pavillon WOW was about the only thing my wife could say as we entered the lobby of La Pavillon Hotel. My wife and I were in New Orleans only for the night since we were leaving on a 5 day Carribean cruise the next afternoon. As we entered we were greeted by the doorman, a extremely polite young man, that remembered our names every time we saw him. Upon check-in we were informed our standard room was being upgraded at no extra charge to a suite. Again my wife was WOWed by the generousity of the Hotel. As the Bellman took our luggage and escorted us up to the 7th floor he gave us a nice overview of the history and layout of the Hotel. During the elevator ride up he asked us if we were on our honeymoon which we answered no but maybe you could count it as a second honeymoon because of the cruise. He said our suite is usually referred to as the Honeymoon Suite. As we came to the end of the hallway with my wife continually scanning the doors to find our room she realized the large set of french doors at the end were actually the entry into our suite, the Napoleon Suite. The word suite does not do justice to majesty and expansive this mini-apartment has to offer. The suite has its own foyer, sitting area w/fireplace, huge king size canopy bed w/curtains, magnificent bath area.I highly suggest and encourage everyone to stay at this beautiful hotel. The people enhance the feel and quality of your stay even as much as the hotel itself. We'll stay here everytime we come to New Orleans. Do yourself a favor and go to the La Pavillon website and see for yourself ther majesty and beauty of this gorgeous hotel.  
<Date>May 20, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Two thumbs up! We stayed at Le Pavillon in April 2005 and loved it. It is a beautiful hotel both inside and out. The pool/hot tub area on the roof is especially nice. Even the elevators and hallways are nicely decorated! When we arrived after a LONG day of travel we were pleasantly surprised to hear that we had been upgraded to a suite, which was very spacious and beautiful. We were travelling with our one year old and in his crib we found a gift pack of baby supplies (shampoo, lotion, etc.) -- a very thoughtful touch. The pbj at night was fun--don't miss it if you stay there. All of the staff was friendly and pleasant. It is about a 10 minute walk to the French Quarter and a short cab ride to the port (we went on a cruise). We would definitely recommend this hotel.  
<Date>May 18, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>vegasblk
<Content>new orleans truth Spent 1 night in new orleans may 15-16, 2005. When you stay in or around the French Quarter/CBD, you know what to expect: high prices, one-way streets, cajun food, street performers, and lots of places to spend your money. This hotel is rated as #2 here and although it's a nice place in a nice location (street over from Canal St.), it does not deserve this high of a ranking. Why? The hotel has a 19th-century feel and building to match. For 99$/night I would have preferred the luxury of say the W hotel right down the street. We really didnt stay in the hotel very much except to sleep and did not explore it at all, but pictures can lie folks. Parking at the hotel was the standard $25/night, but there are plenty of cheaper parking garages close by. Harrah's casino, Emeril's and the Quarter are all very close. The room we had was small but clean. The lobby was big and pretty. Not the fabulous, plush, pleasure palace I expected but I didn't come for the hotel.  
<Date>May 18, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>THE Place to Stay in New Orleans I stayed at the Hotel Pavillon while in New Orleans at a conference. I paid one hundred dollars a night less than my colleagues at the Hilton conference hotel, and they found themselves tremendously jealous. Le Pavillon is easily the most elegant, stunning hotel in which I have ever stayed. The opulence of the lobby, the friendliness and helpfulness of the staff, the splendor of the bar and restaurant, and the elegant layout and decoration of the rooftop pool all combined to make my experience at Le Pavillon fabulous. The room was beautiful, with high ceilings, tasteful decorations, and what my wife says is the most comfortable bed she has ever stayed in. For those in town for conferences, it is a six or seven minute walk to the river, five minutes to the French Quarter, and one block from the streetcar through the Garden District. I would highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>May 4, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>yaya77
<Content>Fabulous hotel From the moment the doorman greeted us until the moment we checked out the service was exceptional. We were always welcomed with a smile - this is New Orleans, laissez les bon temps rouler! We were also upgraded to a large room upon our arrival at no extra cost - during Jazzfest no less!The lobby is grand and the rooftop pool is beautiful, lovely views at night. The PBJ service in the lobby is great, who doesn't love a little comfort food at the end of the day? It shocking to me how someone could criticize this hospitable touch, or think the staff was less than pleasant, but I suppose if you are looking for something to complain about, you can certainly find it!Our room was tastefully decorated, and the room service was efficient. Try the gumbo and banana bread pudding! Our cab driver recommended it as some of the best in the city and he was right! The housekeeping was great and we felt very taken care of. Our only concern was that we had a slow draining tub, not fun! But everything else was so above average, we didn't let something like that ruin our fun. We'll definitely be staying at Le Pavillon again!  
<Date>May 2, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>2 Stars on a good day! 2 Stars on a good day. Upon entering the facility with my rental car I waited in front for almost 10 minutes until I was received by a parking attendant. After entering the hotel I was told in a rather rude manner that I would not be able to get into my room until 3pm. 3pm is a typical check-in time and I am fine with that, however the manner in which the clerk stated this to me was offensive.I went to lunch and returned at 2pm to find that a room was available so I checked in. I was told that I would be unable to obtain a key since the machine was not working and that the bellman would have to let me into my room.I found the room dark and musty, in fact an aerosol can sat next to the bed, along with miscellaneous cleaning supplies. There was a partially consumed bottle of soda in the fridge and the lock on the bathroom door was broken.After having an in-room spa treatment, I attempted to log onto the internet to find that the wireless signal was too weak to log onto, and the LAN connection was not working properly. I contacted the front desk who had an engineering clerk verify the problem. I was then transferred to another room.While packing my goods the clerk from the front desk rang to provide my new keys. No apology was provided and neither was a bellboy to help me transfer my luggage.The new room was not only smaller, but lacks the rain shower-head, has no handles on the shower doors, and the bed is terrible. The A/C filter was covered with dirt and falling from the ceiling.All in all my experience here in New Orleans has not been made pleasant by the Pavillon Hotel.  
<Date>May 1, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>nice very quiet The hotel was a very nice hotel just three short and safe blocks off bourbon street and the river. The lobby and pool/spa area were very nice and elegant. The room was as advertised big, roomy with a wet bar and a spacious bathroom. The pool/spa was very nice to relax in after a long day on your feet. I would highly recommend this hotel to all who want a classy stay and be out of the noise of bourbon street.  
<Date>May 1, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>spiketop
<Content>Highly Recommended My wife, 9 year old son  I enjoyed our week long stay. The lobby is beautiful and welcoming. All our room requests were honored. Although we have stayed in larger rooms at other hotels, our room was nicely appointed and cozy enough. The free high speed internet access was useful. We enjoyed the rooftop pool and its views of the city skyline. The 10 - 11 PM hot chocolate, fruit, and pbj sandwich set-up in the lobby was a nice way to finish each day and chat with the staff and other guests. The staff was nice and helpful. If you're looking to stay a few blocks out of the French Quarter (as we were) but still be walking distance to all attractions this is the perfect hotel. The place truly has the personality of New Orleans and we will return.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel!! Friendly service, clean and elegant. We had a wonderful stay and were treated royally by the staff. The hotel pool was pretty and romantic.Would definitely return.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>an amazing hotel!!!!!! WOW this was one of the best hotels I have ever stayed in!!!! I went with a friend of mine and we are poor au pairs! so when we saw such a great deal on hotwire we went for it!!!! $300 each with flights and two nights in this amazing hotel!!!! i had a pretty bad morning as i had my mp3 stolen at the airport so when we arrived i couldnt believe my eyes the entrance is massive and the man with the black hat at the front entrance is really nice sight to see!!!! unfotunatley we couldnt check in till 3pm so we had to leave but let me tell you it is worth the wait! the rooms are sooooooo big and the decor is just to die for, made me feel like i was a princess. the bathroom was to die for and the pool on the roof top was soooooooooo pretty. and just to let you into a little secret you get a complimentry picnic between 10 and 11pm so for all you penut butter and jelly sandwich lovers and hot chocolate fans i totally recomend this hotel for you i just wish i had a longer time there but someone has to take care of the kids!!!!  
<Date>Apr 27, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>disappointed We were told that this was a five star hotel. We were very disappointed in the customer service and our rooms. The room had a short in the electrical system. The lights and clock shorted out. The furniture was old dated and the lamps were rusted. Not what we were accustomed to at all. I could not wait to check out.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	1	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved Le Pavillon April 4, 2005: For the second time in the last four months I had to spend a day in New Orleans in conncection with an early morning appearance at the US Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals. The first time my 25 year old daughter accompanied me. This time my husband and 17 year old daughter accompanied me. Both times provided us all with wonderful experiences. The rooms were lovely with beautiful furnishings and everything in perfect working order. There were far too many little details for me to take time to mention here which made me feel so welcome and appreciated. I must mention one...the business cards with my name on them as a guest at the LePavillon. How easy to share with other counsel who were staying at other hotels! The meal in the Crystal Dining Room last December was most enjoyable. My companions this time said they had a lot of fun at the peanut butter and jelly gathering late in the evening while I was still upstairs preparing for court. The room was so very quiet for me while my companions were out sightseeing around New Orleans. The internet hook-up was a nice surprise. All in all, Le Pavillon will be the first place I call if I head down to the Fifth Circuit again. It is a short walk there from a fantastic hotel where I can prepare and get a good night sleep. I highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Zydecat
<Content>Gorgeous Hotel. Mediocre Staff. This Southern style hotel is just beautiful. They serve peanut butter and jelly sandwiches and hot chocolate in the lobby every night from 10 pm to 11 pm. Nice way for guests to meet each other. The staff is below par and lets you know they are working for tips, not for you. But the beautiful decor, excellent restaurant and quiet location make it well worth the stay.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Elegant, Friendly, Delicious...My Dream Home The experience started when we approached Le Pavillion. The red carpet and the gloved doorman in formal attire with top hat set the standard for our entire stay...friendly, competent service with style. The lobby, though very elegant, is a very comfortable place to sit and read. The front desk was knowledgable and efficient; so was the bellman who helped with our luggage when we arrived before check-in. We had the experience of having someone ring for our elevator, and our room was provided with the standard accomodations one would expect along with a few surprises. The decorative painting on the ceiling and lighted picture above the headboard were very comforting touches. The restroom received high marks for the packaging of toiletries and exceptionally high marks for the anti-steam fogging mirror. My husband found great comfort in the terry cloth robes provided. They make wonderful cover-ups when travelling to the rooftop pool and hot tub. The rooftop pool was truly breathtaking from the personal cabanas to elevated hot tub to heated pool overlooking the city. Even in February with a slight chill in the air, the pool was a must. The decorative ballustrades and stone lions didn't hurt my illusion that I was in a different country. We took advantage of the concignere service to locate and make reservations at superb restaurants.  The Peanut Butter and Jelly Chef--make it a priority in your schedule to take advantage of the evening snacks. The hot chocolate with very heavy and rich whipped cream cannot be on any Weight Watcher's list, but it was euphoric. The Chef truly made it an experience with his personality and friendliness. Whatever they are paying him needs to be increased. He personified my experience at Le Pavillion--friendly, professional, and unexpected fun. My only regret is that we did not take advantage of the turn down service as did others in our party. The report either defied description or he was just very inadequate with words. Do not listen to reports that you have to stay in the French Quarter. You are close enough to walk there or to the trolley (I felt safe walking at night), but I was far enough away to be able to get a good night's sleep and get away from the party atmosphere. The next time I return to New Orleans, I want to stay in Le Pavillion. Until then, I just look at the toiletry samples I stashed in my luggage and dream of better days when I was royalty.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Three stars on a good day! The staff was aloof, seemed bothered to assist a guest. Upon check-in we were not greeted with a welcome, so nice to have you....we have had better service in many 3 diamond establishments. The room was OK, but the street noise and elevator were constant. The food was mediocre and the wait staff seemed to have someplace to go. The room service staff was super! I would not recommentd this hotel to anyone traveling to New Orleans. I would suggest the management and staff enroll in a Ritz class! When we checked out we had to wait for our car and load our own luggage.So much for Southern Charm!  
<Date>Apr 11, 2005
<Rating>2	1	3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>AORN Convention Great hotel that is close enough to Bourbon St (3 blocks), but far enough away so you don't get that craziness.Service and hospitality of staff was excellent, and very accomadating.With the great weather, was able to enjoy the pool on the roof. Very relaxing.Rooms were not too large, but very well set up.Would stay there again.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Okm but overrated... After reading everthing on here I thought this was going to be the nicest hotel ever! I was wrong! I found hair in the bathroom, and dust behind evry piece of furniture. The bedspread smelled sour and the staff never smiled except at check in and out. It also took 20 minutes to get my car. Nothing to cry about but for the money, I would have expected better!  
<Date>Apr 2, 2005
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Charming historic hotel, Excellent service From my stay March 3-7, 2005: Le Pavillon is a charming hotel with excellent service in the business district of New Orleans. The service at the hotel is warm, welcoming, and professional. Staying there was a delight. When I am in New Orleans again I will choose to stay at this hotel. As someone who is not from the South, I really felt it was worth it to stay at a hotel that has a feel of southern history and hospitality. Much Much Much better than staying somewhere ordinary and generic. Look for good deals from their website!It is short walk away from the lovely Frech Quarter and the debauched- tourist infected Bourban Street (look elsewhere for good music).*Possibly there are not enough elevators if the hotel is at full capacity- but as this is an historic hotel, this sort of thing didn't bother me.*beautiful roof-top pool*evening snack of peanut butter and hot chocolate, fruit etc was sweet and fun  
<Date>Apr 1, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>biglindy
<Content>Great Only stayed one night but the hotel room was large, everything neat and clean, nice work out room and rooftop pool. Wish I had skipped the hotel in the French Quarter all together and stayed here the entire time.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Le Pavillon is New Orleans at its best! We live close to New Orleans and go for the weekend a few times a year. We always love staying at Le Pavllon because it really is New Orleans at its finest. The staff epitomize southern hospitality and the rooms are wonderfully luxurious.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>easw
<Content>Wonderful experience at the Le Pavillon My husband and I stayed at this marvelous hotel for four nights in early March. Valet parking in the lot next door was lighted and very safe. The bellboy and door man were efficient and friendly, as were all the staff we interacted with. At check-in my husband jokingly mentioned an upgrade, and to our surprise we were given one. Our deluxe queen/queen room on the 5th floor was small but the high ceilings made it feel larger. Lots of interesting details in the room--framed prints of local plantations hung by gold cord on the walls, black granite countertops in the bathroom, a ceiling fan, plush curtains (that really blocked the morning daylight), lots of decorative pillows piled on each bed and a doorbell outside each door on this floor. Other amenities were also impressive. The 32-inch TV in the armoire was unexpected. The bathroom, while small, was nicely done with plenty of towels and a heater fan to warm the chill. The closet had plenty of room, as well as a fair-sized safe. The beds were moderately firm and comfortable, with double-sheeted blankets. The gym on the top floor had the customary endurance machines as well as weight training. The fridge there was stocked with Powerade and water, and there was a large basket with complimentary apples and bananas on top of the fridge. The rooftop pool area overlooking the city was very nice, with a small heated pool, hot tub and cabanas. We did not eat in the restaurant while we were there, but we did order room service for breakfast one morning. My eggs benedict was found to have quite a bit of egg shells in one half, but this replaced quickly after one call to dining, and the new dish was excellent. We did the PBJ one night, and thought it fun and quirky. Turn down service was prompt and included a complimentary PBJ cookie and bottle of water.Although the hotel decor (especially the lobby) is very ornate, we never felt out of place on those days we were wearing casual clothes. The hotel is withing walking distance to the French Quarter (Bourbon Street is three blocks away) and a bit more of a hike to Riverwalk and other nearby attractions. There is a Garden District streetcar stop a block-and-a-half away.Our receipt at check-out reflected accurate charges and was a great deal (special internet rates), considering all the amenities we enjoyed. We would not hesitate to stay at Le Pavillon again.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>shoutyman
<Content>can't fault it We stayed at Le Pavillion for 3 nights as part of our honeymoon trip. On arrival we had our room upgraded automatically. I've stayed in some very nice hotels and I can honestly say that this is as good as I've seen. The staff were very helpful and the location is ideal..only 5-10 mins from Bourbon Street on foot. We never sampled the food..far too many other places in New Orleans for that but in all other respects, this is a fine establishment in a great location.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>gazza53
<Content>OK but nothing special Stayed at Le Pavillon for 4 days in early Feb 2005. I had expected great things but have to say the experience was generally disappointing from the minute I arrived. Although there were a number of bell staff around there was no offer of help with bags etc. Then had to play guess the window at reception - they were all too busy having a chat to check me in! The room itself was OK although extremely dark - it also had an unusual odour which was also noticeable along the corridor (I was on the 3rd floor). Breakfast was ok - but dinner was very disappointing (try Smith  Wollensky - 2 blocks up Poydras - a much better option). I met some business contacts and we tried to have a quiet drink in the bar - however this proved impossible as within minutes the entertainment began - consisting of a lady playing piano and singing very LOUDLY! I know New Orleans is famed for its music but could really have done without this. I also understand that the PBJ is a bit of a tradition but it seemed rather a waste of time and money to me- the only time I was actually in the Hotel at 10pm there were very few takers - most people still being out on the town (this is New Orleans after all!)Final straw was at check out where I was accused of having emptied the mini bar of snacks and candies - which I hadn't actually touched . Nevertheless took some persuasion to get it taken off the bill. Overall the hotel's supposed belle epoch character didn't gell with the reality of staying there - it was ok but for the money I'll try soemwhere else next time.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>rondo60
<Content>Loved this hotel A friend and I stayed at the Le Pavillon last week for 2 nights. It was the most beautiful hotel. It was such a lovely hotel, everyone was friendly, and it was a wonderful stay. We walked to the french quarter, rode the trolley, and this hotel was a great location. The view from the top floor with the pool area was just gorgeous especially at sunset. This hotel is my favorite and I will stay there any time I am in New Orleans!!!  
<Date>Mar 15, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place to stay I stayed at this lovely hotel in August of 2003 and it was great, my favorite place to stay in NOLA. Nice quiet location but only a short walk to the French Quarter. There is also a street car stop very close by. Perhaps one of the best things about this hotel though is that starting around 6pm on Friday until Monday morning, there is an abundance of free and safe parking on the street behind/beside the hotel. We could see our vehicle from our hotel room and it was perfectly safe all weekend...for FREE, no $15 - 25 a night fee. The staff was also great (was a staff member who let us know about the great free parking!) and the room while on the small side was extremely cozy and quite lux with a nice padded armchair and beautiful furniture (even decorative throw pillows for the bed). New Orleans is my favorite weekend getaway spot, I get there at least once a year and Le Pavillon is best place I've stayed.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>leicapuli
<Content>I was expecting more We found a dirty toilet paper upon using the bathroom. The walls are too thin that you can hear the people in the hallway. There was false alarm at 3 am. The hotel did not even compensate for that disturbance. Staff is helpful, some are snooty. Housekeeping was great. The bellman are very helpful. The pool view is nice and romantic. Good distance to to Bourbon street and other tourist sites.I would like to try another 4 star hotel in New Orleans if ever.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2005
<Rating>2	2	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>le pavillon was marvelous the atmosphere was lovely  the staff members were warm and accomodating-highly recommended  
<Date>Mar 2, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>johnpen
<Content>worked for us Was at LePavillon in September of '02, no problems, got a great rate online, would stay there again in a heartbeat (hopefully sept 05)  
<Date>Mar 2, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel We just returned from our second stay that the Le Pavillon, and will definitely return again. The hotel is very impressive with lots of historical architecture and decor. The rooms are very comfortable and have high ceilings, marble bathrooms, and free high speed internet access. The location is convenient to most places in town. The staff is friendly and helpful. The breakfast in the restraunt was wonderful - try the bananas foster waffles! The pbj sandwiches in the evenings were also a welcome homecoming. My only caution is to be very careful with the mini-bar. It is computerized, and incorrectly charged us for items that moved when we opened the door. However, the staff handled it very well and gladly removed the charges. We have stayed in many hotels in New Orleans over the years, and Le Pavillon is our favorite so far.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>larlar
<Content>JUST SO-SO Overall, I would have to say that our stay at Le Pavillon was rather disappointing. For a hotel of its standards, I was hoping for a grand and spectacular experience, but a few instances made it less than ordinary.Upon our arrival, there was no doorman to greet us, open the door and assist with our luggage. We were greeted in a tepid manner by the front desk. We were made to wear annoying, lime green bracelets that we had to keep on for four days (it reminded me of some wild college spring break when bracelets are handed out at bars for unlimited drinks). Our room was rather small; the space provided did not create the feeling of luxury that the hotel boasted. Our toiletries were crammed onto the sink. We wanted to have a small meal at the Gallery Lounge, and the waiter was very delayed in his service. We were seated, and we waited to place our order while the waiter ran around serving others. He completely forgot about us, especially when a busload of tourists arrived to order drinks at the bar. It was obvious that he was not going to get around to taking our orders anytime soon, so we left our table completely disturbed by the experience, and we could not help but let it negatively affect our perception of the hotel--where was the hospitality that Le Pavillon boasted of?????? AND, he had the nerve to look annoyed when he finally noticed us leaving our table. Also, I was inquiring about the times when luncheon was being served at the front desk, and the woman was very brusque about her response, and once again I felt completely put off by the lack of hospitality. Housekeeping was not very thorough in cleaning the rooms--I found an apple core underneath the bed that housekeeping had failed to clean up!Two factors do stand out with regards to a more positive experience at this hotel--the late night snack hour and the turn down service. The chef was very open and friendly, and the late night snacks a delight. The nightly turn down service was very charming and gave me the feel of luxury. However, with the aforementioned negative events, I will not be returning to this hotel for another stay.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DCSocialWorker
<Content>Great deal for luxury! Just returned from spending Mardi Gras at this hotel. Rate for this special event was a bargain at $219/night (booked in October.) Beautiful historic hotel (reminded me of the Plaza in New York.) Good service, nice rooms (we were upgraded to a king room.) Bathroom was black marble and gold fixtures. The only draw back to this hotel is the location - which was a mixed blessing. Far enough away from the craziness of the French Quarter to ensure a peaceful refuge, but too far from anything convenient. The city needs to develop the area around the hotel. We ended up eating twice in the hotel (which I usually avoid because of the increased cost) because we were just to tired to go elsewhere.   
<Date>Feb 9, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Olde World Charm Stayed at Le Pavillon in October 2004. Building is breathtaking and all staff were more than helpful. Had a room on the nineth floor which was well appointed. Pool and deck area on roof was beautiful. Walking distance to Superdome and Bourbon Street. If you are going to have breakfast downstairs in the ballroom allow yourself plenty of time to savour the surroundings and the great buffet breakfast. Great pub nearby in Baronne Street, Cajun Mike's, great place for a few drinks and a chat with the locals (and the friendlist barman/manager in New Orleans). Would definately stay again and hope to get back there soon.   
<Date>Feb 9, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Can't Wait to Go Back We spent 4 nights Jan31-Feb4 at Le Pavillon. It was by far the best hotel we have ever stayed at. Centrally located, way comfortable beds and the best staff ever encountered anywhere. We walked to the Riverfront, D-day Museum, Bourbon Street and Emeril's. A short walk to Canal St. to catch the streetcar to the New Orleans Museum of Art was the only public transportation we needed. The nearby nightly parades were so much fun and we brought back so many beads our luggage was overweight. PB J sandwiches served with milk and such between 10-11 pm were great after all the nightly activities. I would highly recommend this hotel and the delicious food served at the restaurant's breakfast buffet was an excellent way to start the day. Can't wait to go back to Le Pavillon!   
<Date>Feb 8, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved our stay Great hotel.clean,very friendly staffHighly recommended  
<Date>Feb 5, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Le Pavillon Le Pavillon is an excellent hotel in a great location -- close to the French Quarter, Riverfront Park, Warehouse District, etc. Our room was comfortable and quiet - a truly enjoyable hotel experience.  
<Date>Feb 2, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hospitality! We recently stayed at Le Pavillon and had a fantastic experience with the hotel. The staff was thorough, professional, and genuinely friendly - particularly the bell staff who got to know us immediately and chatted with us each day as we entered and left. The hotel was lovely and very well kept. The rooms were modest in size, but very comfortable and absolutely beautiful (I especially thought the bathroom was lovely). The rooms were impeckably maintained and cleaned. Best of all was the peanut butter sandwich nightcap served in the lobby each evening - totally yummy! Definitely make a point to swing by for the delicious hot chocolate!  
<Date>Feb 2, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Seb_In_Kansas
<Content>A great hotel for a good time in New Orleans Hi,We stayed 4 nigths in the Pavillon Hotel fron Jan 5 to 9, 2005.This hotel is really nice, it is an Historic Hotel. Once you enter this Hotel you know you are going to be pampered there. The service was great, from minute one everybody was very helpful. The decor was really nice (painted ceilling in the bedroom, Grand Chandelier in the loby, mirror and gold everywhere, Marble in the bathrooms). One little thing is: we had a room with a king bed and the room was just a bit small for this size bed, but we still had room to move around. The room was very quiet, we never heard anything from the surrounding rooms (even if they were occupied) or the street (we were on the 3rd floor).We ate at the Crystal room (the hotel restaurant) for breakfast and had their special buffet. The food was very tasty and I wiil advise you to try their Bananas Foster Waffles.We enjoyed their roof top Heated pool and Hot tub everyday. Even the decor around these area was great (statues, gas lamp at nigth). We did not use their gym, but we checked it ou, it look very well equiped and with good quality cardio machines and lot of free weigths. They offer water, Gatorade, towel at the gym it was surrounded with windows on the roof of the hotel, there were a good ligth in it. We also loved the free HIGH SPEED INTERNET and the snack of hot chocolate, peanut butter and jelly snadwiches, fruits, milk, orange juice, cookies they have available at 10:00 pm.The location of the hotel is great, in between the French Quarter (5-10 minutes walk) and the garden district, only one block from St Charles trolley line and two blocks from Canal street trolley line. It is a great location to discover what New Orleans has to offer. We also felt secure walking in the area even at nigth. There is also all around the hotel plenty of nice restaurants, like Herbsaint (my Favorite).We'll go back there on my next trip to New Orleans. We choose this hotel in the first place because their rates for what they offer were great, we'll come back there just for their service.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>SMMCWILL
<Content>Le Pavillon fabulous as always My wife and our wedding party stayed at this hotel when we got married in New Orleans in 1996. We went back for the Sugar Bowl in January 2005 and were even more impressed this time. We thorougly enjoyed the entire stay along with the wonderful cocktail lounge, personable  accomodationg staff, the newly renovated rooms that are VERY nice, the wonderful evening turndown service and the peanut butter and jelly sandwiches and milk/hot chocolate in the lobby each evening at 10pm. The rooftop workout room and pool are also wonderful. This hotel certainly EXCEEDED our expectations again at a very reasonable rate and is clearly tops in New Orleans. We lived there for 4 years and have tried most of the nicest hotels and will never stay anywhere else. You will not be disappointed.  
<Date>Jan 26, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Le Pavillon is top notch I travel on business regularly to New Orleans. My home away from home is the Le Pavillon. I am always sure that I will have a clean, comfortable, attractive room, and every service need taken care of quickly. It's a short walk to the French Quarter, but far enough out to be peaceful. Absolutely GREAT hotel!!!  
<Date>Jan 26, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>y2flu
<Content>Best in New Orleans Of all the hotels I've sayed at in New Orleans (and I've stayed at many), this is the best. A breathtaking lobby, as well as plush, well-decorated rooms. Rooftop pool  hot tub, and peanut butter  jelly sandwiches as a late-night-snack, are added bonuses. For the price, this hotel is a steal.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Pacifica_traveler
<Content>A gem in a wonderful city We booked this room for New Year's week based on the reviews we saw here and we were not disappointed. The price was right, the appointments grand, and our standard room was huge, Las Vegas room huge. We would not have needed an upgraded room at all. The concierge staff were very helpful and friendly. You are close enough to walk to the French Quarter (and believe me, you'll have to if you stay during New Year's/Sugar Bowl).The only thing stopping me from giving it 5 stars is the bathroom. Yes, it was new, but whoever installed the sink fixtures installed them backwards, so that you have to turn the opposite direction to turn them on and off. And the shower stall was weird, there's a glass door on only part of the shower, and the shower head is at the very top of the stall and makes it difficult to shower properly.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel I stayed at Le Pavillon before Christmas. This is a beautiful old hotel with a lot of charm. It's a few blocks away from Bourbon Street and the French Quarter, but if you want to keep a safe distance from the drunken insanity, this is a great option. I would stay again anytime, and it was very reasonably priced.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>solar47
<Content>Fabulous stay Christmas Week We really enjoyed our visit during Christmas.Everyone that we came in contact with during our stay made us feel welcome.The entire staff was gracious,friendly,and accomodating.The hotel was extremely clean and oppulent and beautiful.It was the perfect place to spend a white Christmas. We loved the peanut butter and jelly sandwiches,the hot chocolate and the fresh fruit at 10 PM. The breakfast buffet was fantastic and ms.Pat was a goddess.The piano bar was great and even the piano player treated us like family.The gumbo and Po boy sandwiches were as good as you can find anywhere.  Our room was upgraded at no additional charge when we checked in. Our room was beautiful ,the bed was very comfortable and the linen was pristine. We will certainly stay at La Pavillion again and will recommend it to all our friends and family.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>EdinburghHez
<Content>Great Hotel My husband  I have recently returned from a trip to New Orleans, I cannot praise this Hotel enough- they were excellent. We were upgraded without asking, our room was first class, the service  cleanliness of this Hotel could not be faulted. The location of the Hotel is a short walk from the French Quarter, a supermarket is a couple of minutes walk away.I would also like to comment on New Orleans itself. After reading various reviews on this city shortly before we left I was rather wary to venture very far, especially at night. I am glad to say I have nothing but praise for New Orleans what a great city. Yes there is an element of care required but that is the case in most cities. The people, the atmosphere, the music, they are all superb. There are some parts which are a little tacky but heh its New Orleans.We also visited Las Vegas  New York on our trip  New Orleans was our favourite as was this Hotel.Enjoy this great city  I hope you have as good a time as we did.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't listen to the negative reviews! I can't believe that this hotel had any bad reviews! Our stay was great and well worth the price! Our reservations were quickly handled over the phone and the hotel promptly honored their lowest price guarantee. Upon check-in the staff was friendly and professional. They were able to answer all of our questions and offer pertinent information about NO. The bell staff was great! They were friendly, jovial and prompt. The room was beautiful. I had heard that their rooms were small however I did not find this to be the case. Their standard room is between 350-450 square feet. If this is not large enough for you they have a deluxe room that is 500 square feet as well as the junior suite and suite, the largest being 1500 square feet. The counter top in the bathroom was a little small but this was not a problem 鈥?it might have been if I were planning to move in鈥?Oh, there is not a coffee maker in the room.Room service was also good and the prices were equivalent to those of any restaurant in NO. One thing you don鈥檛 need to miss is the peanut butter and jelly sandwiches! This was a lot of fun and the sandwiches were great. They are served between 10pm and 11pm in the lobby of the hotel.Parking at the hotel is $25 per night. I thought this was a reasonable price considering their was an attendant in the lot 24/7 and this included valet parking (except tip).The only problem that I ran across was contacting the concierge before our arrival. I tried to contact the concierge for 7 days before I finally got a response by then I no longer needed their service as I had made the arrangements myself using outside catering services and floral shops. Next time I stay at the hotel, I will be more adamant about reaching the concierge. (Don鈥檛 bother leaving a message or emailing 鈥?stay on hold until they are forced to answer the phone.)I will definitely return to this hotel!Mary Lynne Williams  
<Date>Dec 31, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ljerald
<Content>just great!! just returned from a cruise, and the stay at the hotel was great...my wife loved the old world charm...large rooms, helpful staff. a bit out of the way if you want to visit the French Quarters to eat/listen to jazz. but we took the trolley..get an all day pass and you can travel to the Garden District/French Quarters/RiverWalk and NO Art Museum.  
<Date>Dec 24, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>True Southern Hospitality We discovered the Le Pavillon Hotel a few years ago. It is a small, unique luxury hotel in downtown New Oleans. It epitomizes southern hospitality of early 1900's. It has become our home away from home when in New Orleans. The staff is most accommodating and gracious. The Crystal Room is fine dining at it most elegant.  
<Date>Dec 23, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it! Le Pavillon was a great place to stay. The place was beautiful and had alot of character and charm. When I initially booked the room through a website, we were given one queen bed but when I arrived with my friend and requested double beds it was not to be a problem at all. The hotel staff was prompt and courteous. Very friendly hotel staff and they made me feel welcome considering it was my first time to New Orleans. The rooms were very spacious and clean. I would definitely stay here again. Great hotel and staff!  
<Date>Dec 18, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>shinycarot
<Content>A lovely hotel with friendly staff       Entrance  
<Date>Dec 16, 2004
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>peace through travel
<Content>Historical I am a travel agent and got a good rate in sabre (no travel agent discount just a published rate of 129/night) The agency is a member of the Giants (Ensemble) consortium and I checked the Giants hotel book to see if this hotel was in it (this is usually an indicator of a superior hotel and offer added amenities)- it was. The procedure to set up the added amenities is given and a description of these amenities is on their website. The added amenities for the Le Pavillon for clients of Giants agencies is 'upgraded room, early check in, late check out and a fruit basket with a bottle of water'. I emailed the hotel a few days before arrival from home and told them that we would be celebrating our 25th anniversary. When we arrived we were upgraded to one of the rooms that had been recently renovated (I am unsure if they were renting the non-renovated rooms at all at that time). In our room was a card in the fruit basket saying 'congratulations on your 25th anniversary'. We asked to stay later on our departure as we had a late flight (we were told we would have to pay for a half day). When I asked reception about the Giants amenity, she said she had never heard of Giants. I asked her to ask Mr. Morin - he let us stay for free until 3:30. To make a long story short I was amazed that they had the audacity to imply that the upgraded room, and late check out were for our anniversary when they were contracted through Giants. The concierge was not friendly and would not permit my husband to take one of the magazines she had set out on the desk in front of her, saying 'you have one of those in your room'. When we got to the room we did not have one. The hallway became full of furniture on day two - a weird smell was about - were they fumigating? The location is good, the rooms are large, the city is wonderful. Would I stay again? No.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>WineBuffinMN
<Content>La Pavillon is a GREAT place to stay! On a recent trip to New Orleans, my husband and I took the advice of many websites and decided to stay at Le Pavillon Hotel. It was a wonderful experience from start to finish!The staff consistently called us by name and were very very friendly; whether it was greeting us back to the hotel, setting up tours for us or helping us with directions around the city. Le Pavillon is a short walk to the French Quarter and the Central Business District--so you're close to some of the major sites. The hotel is very well kept and CLEAN; something that we very much appreciated since we were in the Big Easy. Our room was a standard, run of the mill one, but nonetheless, it was beautiful, just like the rest of the hotel.Le Pavillon has a nice exercise room with complimentary fruit and sports drinks, in addition to a relaxing pool and whirlpool on the roof of the hotel. They also serve peanut butter and jelly sandwiches, milk and fruit every night at 10:00PM--something that many of the guests took part in!I highly recommend La Pavillon Hotel as a place to stay if this is your first or 50th time to New Orleans. Without the staff at Le Pavillon, our trip wouldn't have been as fun!!  
<Date>Dec 10, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>5 Star hotel! We thoroughly enjoyed our stay at the Le Pavillon in New Orleans during Thanksgiving week. We chose this hotel mainly from reading the many good reviews on Trip Advisor and researching the best hotel for the best price. It is centrally located in the city and within walking distance to many tourist areas and street cars. Our family reserved three rooms, one of which was a handicapped accessible room because my mother is in a wheelchair. This room has excellent accommodations--large roll/walk in shower, raised toilet, high sitting chairs. All three rooms were lovely. I can't say enough about the friendliness and kindness of the staff, from the maids to the management. The food in the hotel restaurant was excellent. The hot chocolate served with the late night snack is the best we've had! I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel to anyone and plan to stay again in the future.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good value Found the hotel on Hotwire and it was far cheaper than anything else of comparable class. When we checked in the hotel had signs and buttons on the staff promoting upgraded rooms, which made me suspicious. However, the room, although small, was comfortably furnished. Housekeeping shows up early in the morning, about 9 a.m. so make sure to put the privacy please card in the lock, but they did a nice job. The room was not ready until the 3 p.m. check-in time, although they knew we were waiting, which was somewhat annoying, but the staff was pleasant. The location is a short walk from the French Quarter and the Canal St. trolley which is convenient, but it may not be a safe walk late at night. Overall, a pleasant experience. I would go back.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent hospitality We recently stayed at Le Pavillon for a week while my husband attended a conference. We had a wonderful experience there. Our room was large, and impeccably clean. All the staff from bellmen to chamber maids to the concierge were very friendly and very helpful. We would definitely stay at Le Pavillon again.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>HORRIBLE!!! Terrible experiance. Room was not ready by 4:00 PM. Toilet leaked, AC did not get cold. Door lock would jam and not unlock.Changed rooms and thought all was well. Then I got a call from my bank about a charge on my credit card - they thought it was fraudent.It seems that this hotel authorizes $65 PER DAY for incidentals on your credit card. There 7 days - that is $450. NO WARNING.Nightmare experiance. Yes hotel looked and acted customer service oriented - but it seemed both pretentious, their policies are a farce, and I got the distinct opinion they did not care about their guests.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>giggles2218
<Content>Very Nice I stayed for a week Oct. 10th for my honeymoon. The hotel was beautiful. All of the staff was very friendly. They would open doors and even push the elevator button when they saw you coming. The peanut butter  jelly was a nice touch. The hot chocolate and whipped cream was very good. The roof top pool area was very nice as well. It was was within walking distance to the French Quarter. No need for a car. It was a very good value for the price.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Le Pavillon exceeds my expectations My husband and I stayed at Le Pavillon for one night before leaving on a cruise for our honeymoon. My expectations for Le Pavillon were very high, based on the reviews I read on tripadvisor.com. The hotel exceeded my already high expectations. The hotel staff was very friendly and accommodating. The bellhop was very courteous despite the fact that we had 7 days worth of luggage (for our cruise) and were only staying in the hotel one night. We ordered room service for breakfast and were very pleased. The service was prompt, the food was delicious and presented well, and the portions were HUGE. My only complaint is that one of the elevators smelled like vomit. The elevator seemed to have been cleaned thoroughly, but the smell remained. But, it is New Orleans, so I'm sure things like that happen from time to time.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>OK, but not great My husband and I stayed at La Pavillon hotel during our honeymoon for a couple of days. The hotel was beautiful and in a great location close to Bourbon street. We could walk just about anywhere in the French Quarter and beyond, which was a great benefit. The staff was very friendly. Parking at the hotel was expensive ($25/day) and we were dissapointed in the rooms. While our room was well decorated and clean, it was extremely cramped to the point that it was hard to move around in. We went down to the front desk and asked for an upgrade, which they immediately accomodated, and the new room was slightly larger. Yet, for the price we paid, and in comparing it to the several other hotels we stayed in during our vacation, it was a bit of a disappointment.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very nice I loved this hotel. The rooms are small but beautiful and well appointed. I stayed there in July when the city was very busy with the Essencefest, but as soon as we stepped into our hotel it was an automatic escape. Service was friendly, free water at the gym, within walking distance to everywhere we needed to go. The shower was wonderful. I would not hesitate to stay here again. Actually, I recently tried for my next trip, but they were sold out. :(  
<Date>Oct 19, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Old World Elegance - but for a price. I stayed at Le Pavillon on October 2nd for one night. The room was small, but very nicely furnished. The bed sheets were a little rough, but the bed was comfortable. Check-in and check-out were easy, and the service was good, but nothing special. I paid $259 for one Saturday night, but the Friday night rate for the same room was $129??? It seemed a little expensive for what you really get. The room had no real view of the city. The peanut butter sandwiches were a nice touch, and the rooftop pool was cool. All-in-all a good experience, but I think you can get more for the price.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>luxury and southern hospitality Incredibly friendly staff. Grand old world charm. Nighttime inviting with homemade sandwiches and turndown service. Pool on roof magnificent! Hot jacuzzi overlooking skyline. Classic elegance and Southern Hospitality. Beautifully kept with the period of its design. Must have breakfast in dining room! Can hear next door occupants if too loud such as children but this is more of an Adult hotel with all the antiques and finery. Everyone is treated like most important guest.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>not happy We recently stayed at Le Pavillon Hotel for a birthday celebration trip and I have to say I am not at all impressed. First the bad things - we booked through the hotel and took advantage of their lowest rate guarantee (if you find their hotel cheaper on another site, they will give you a rate 10% less than the rate you found). We found a cheaper rate and emailed them, recieving a prompt response and an offer of 10% less than the rate we found. But when we arrived to check in, the front desk was uniformed of the rate change or the entire concept of the lowest rate guarantee. Not only ignorant, but RUDE!!! They acted as if we made this up to try and get a better rate unfairly, and did nothing to verify what we (THE CUSTOMERS ) were telling them. The standard double room has a tiny bathroom with no counter space for your toiletries, a useless hair dryer, and you have to ASK for a coffee machine (which didn't work well). The rooftop pool and spa area was admittedly beautiful but the spa was set at such a high tempeture (with no noticeable controls anywhere to be found) that it scalded us - we were literally bright red from our knees down , all that we could tolerate. All of the employees we encountered (other than those above) were friendly, helpful and knowledgeable. The room service late night snack we had after exploring Bourbon Street was HORRID!! The pizza was cardboard like and greasy, with an unpleasant taste. The deli sandwiches were just average. This was certainly not worth the $46 dollars we spent on a snack we didn't/couldn't finish. All in all, I think that my money would have been better spent elsewhere - this is not at all the first time I have visited New Orleans but the first time I felt compelled to write a review.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2004
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Amazing This place was incredible! I saw a lot of reviews on here of people complaining that the rooms were small - I didn't feel that way at all. It was perfect for my husband and I. The rooftop pool was beautiful - especially at night. The staff was so friendly. I would stay here again in a heartbeat!!  
<Date>Sep 13, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Unforgettable!!! If you want to feel like a Queen or a King, then Le Pavillon is the place to stay at in New Orleans, LA!!! Truly the Belle Of The South!!! The rooms are beautifully and tastefully decorated! The service and attention from the staff is uncomparable to any other! Their restaurant, The Crystal Room is also a must when visiting! Most defiantely a delicacy for your tastebuds! In other words, if you really want to feel like Royalty and eat like Royalty, I suggest Le Pavillon Hotel as a MUST!! For me, it was an unforgettable experience!  
<Date>Sep 8, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Home away from home My husband and I visit NO every year and after trying many of the big chain hotels we found the LePavillion. Now we won't go if we can't get a room there! The first time I passed this hotel I noticed how beautiful the lobby was so I went in for a look. I thought that it was one of those places where if you had to ask how much it cost to stay, you couldn't afford to stay there. Was I surprised at how affordable it was! The personnel goes out of their way to ensure you have an enjoyable stay, and Pamela in the lounge makes the best Hurricane in town! Dining in the Crystal room is memorable, and the rooftop swimming pool is an excellent way to end a day of walking miles and eating all those wonderful NO meals!  
<Date>Sep 8, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Place for a Great Price This is a great place to stay for an economical price. The staff go well out of their way to make sure the stay is comfortable.The restaurant is outstanding. I strongly recommend the buffet lunch with a pasta course.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Le Pavillon - A Most Memorable Experience! My wife and I visited New Orleans last October to celebrate our 20th anniversary. I'm regretfully late w/ this review, but since we think often about our fantastic trip it's easy to recall the details! Le Pavillon was certainly one of the reasons we enjoyed our trip so much. The friendly staff, unexpected upgrade to a jr. suite, champagne  goodies on arrival, amenties (e.g., rooftop pool  hot tub)...and all for an unbelieveably reasonable price, made our visit just that much more special. It's just a few short blocks from the Quarter and right near the street car line. In my opinion, you can't go wrong w/ Le Pavillon. Mix in Mother's for breakfast, Johnny's for Po' Boy sandwiches, G.W. Fins for amazing seafood, and the Funky Butt for fabulous jazz and your visit will be complete. Thanks Le Pavillon!  
<Date>Aug 29, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved It! What a great hotel!!! I have stayed throughout the world at some of the niciest hotels. This one is at the top of the list! The people working there are the friendliest and most helpful. The lobby was beautiful as are the rooms(upgrade to the deluxe king for $20, it's worth it!) The breakfast buffet in the Crystal Room was great. I was able to check in early (11 a.m.), no problem! The best thing about N.O. was the food (Acme Oyster Co.) and this hotel. Hats off to great hotel for a great price!!  
<Date>Aug 24, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good choice for single female traveler Just returned from a 4-night stay, and while I'm not as ecstatic as most other contributors, as a single female traveler I felt very safe and well-cared for. Turn-down service missed one night, and room not made up one morning, but overall housekeeping was above average. The nightly PBJ sandwich experience is quite overrated--basically involved standing in a long line with other weary travelers to paste some PB on a limp piece of wonder bread. Why is everyone so delirious about this? Good value for money, though, esp. during the off season. Do be careful about walking in the warehouse district after dark, though.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>An A+ hotel Just got back from Le Pavillon yesterday and have to truly admit it was the best hotel stay ever! Traveling alone, I did not know what to expect but I felt very comfortable and safe at this hotel. From the moment I pulled up and was welcomed and helped by the door men and valet parkers until when I left the next day and received the same service leaving. The room was beautiful...small like everyone else comments....but hey for one (or two) people, it's just the right size. Besides, who stays in their hotel while you're in New Orleans, anyway? The room service was quick and I recommend the gumbo which was delicious...but don't make the mistake of coming in around 3:30 a.m. and ordering the pepperoni pizza. I was very disappointed with the pizza, but I guess at that time of the night who's up rolling fresh dough and slicing fresh meat and veggies? The pool area was beautiful, nice and breezy, the jacuzzi was awesome and the cabana area was very relaxing. If anyone has any questions about this place, you may e-mail me and I'll be glad to answer. I highly recommend Le Pavillon and hopefully can stay again in the future.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lindoor
<Content>exceded my expectations Check in was a breeze. The bed was very comfortable. Location is plenty close to the french quarter. Staff much better than the marriott.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2004
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Terrific Hospitality From the moment we walked in to Le Pavillion, we were treated like family. The service, rooms and genuine friendly atmosphere made this a very enjoyable weekend. We will definitely be back.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Longwood Traveler
<Content>Still a great hotel for the money We stayed here for the second time at the end of June for a conference. We had a great time the first time we were here and the second time was not disappointing. Our room was not huge (but we did opt for a very low rate standard room) but it was clean and well appointed. Within easy walking distance of the French Quarter and taxis were always available when we needed them to get to the convention center. Lobby is elegant and service was very good when we needed it. This is a very good hotel for the price.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel in New Orleans After reading the great reviews on this site I booked this hotel for a week in July, 2004. We were very impressed with this hotel. The lobby was beautiful. Our room was very spacious with 2 queen beds, a walkin closet and a large bathroom. The room was very clean and everything looked new. The staff was most helpful. When my husband wanted a cup of coffee in the morning the dining room staff gave it to him, no charge. The roof pool was pleasant and free water and fruit is provided. The hotel is within easy walking distance of the French Quarter and the streetcar to the Garden District. I would recommend it to everyone.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Elegant but not pretentious I was in New Orleans on business in late May, and stayed at La Pavillion. I have stayed in many wonderful hotels, both in North America and Asia, and would count La Pavillion as among the top 5. The room was spacious and had many amenities. The staff were friendly and very professional. The location is easy walking distance to the Quarter, or the streetcar headed to the Garden District. The rooftop pool is a special treat, with the old-world alabaster statues against a backdrop of ultra-modern buildings. A very elegant but unpretentious hotel, not to be missed.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Thrilled with Service at Le Pavillon My friend and I are from Australia, and wanted to have a few days' holiday in New Orleans. We booked Le Pavillon on hotels.com, not knowing anything about the hotel other than what was provided on the website. We couldn't have been happier. We got a wonderful, large, recently-renovated room for a great price; the service was incredibly polite, the amenities were first-rate, and, all in all, neither of us had ever experienced better value for money in a hotel. (Please note: this is not one of those bogus reviews submitted by a hotel staff member)  
<Date>Jun 1, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>They try hard, but fall somewhat short Not a bad hotel, but the overall impression I get is of an establishment trying very hard to be posh and falling somewhat short. The decor is pleasant, but not perfectly maintained. The housekeeping was questionable - I had to hunt for certain articles that would disappear under the bed during cleaning and, during one of these hunting expeditions, found a strange pair of women's underwear! Turndown service varies from night to night, and was missed altogether on certain nights. The walls are thin and sounds from the hallway can be instrusive. Do ask for one of the renovated rooms - the bathrooms are much nicer. Calls are expensive, local or otherwise. Overall it was a pleasant stay, it was just lacking in some of the features associated with hotels of the calibre it is striving for.   
<Date>Jun 1, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Le Pathetic Pavillon What a total letdown! Cramped room, mildewy shower, worn facilities, insolent staff, etc., etc. Frankly, we're amazed at the glowing accolades posted on this site. Did we stay at the same place? Nothing about this hotel made us want to return--but be sure to eat at Uglesich's on Baronne Street.   
<Date>May 30, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a beautiful place! This hotel has such a beautiful and elegant lobby and dining room. It was a pleasure just to sit in it and take in all the history. But the rooms were nicely furnished too with very comfortable beds. It is within easy walking distance of the French Quarter but far enough away to be quiet and calming The staff were friendly, attentive and very helpful. We would highly recommend it.  
<Date>May 21, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Cool Gas Lamp, Beautiful Lobby, nice room, though a little small I stayed for two nights last Summer with my wife and nephew. I was really impressed by the lobby, which is on par with the Peabody in Memphis, though smaller. It was very much in the same vein of an older, fancy (though not super-luxury) hotel. The lobby had a nice Frenchy-New Orleans look. The rooms were kind of small, but not as bad as the Peabody. The decor in the rooms was not on par with the lobby, though that is true of most hotels. If you are looking for a charming room in New Orleans for about the same price, I would recommend the Josephine Guest House in the Garden District. My nephew really was looking forward to the peanut butter and jelly buffet in the lobby, so we went and enjoyed it very much.It is a bit of a walk to the French Quarter, which I was a bit wary of at first. With the tighter policing in New Orleans recently, I felt safe. I would not have stayed there a few years ago though, especially with children.  
<Date>May 19, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not The Ritz I read all of the rave reviews about this place and couldn't believe the low rates, so I booked one night at Le Pavillon before a conference. After reading all of the reviews, I expected true luxury, and attentive service, but I was disappointed. The lobby of the hotel is nice and the rooms are ok, but the hotel is old. It had a musty smell. The location was also a problem, it was pretty far from most things as it is in the business district. Cabs were hard to get at night and the doormen were not that helpful. The pool is nice, but the equipment in the fitness center was pretty old. Fresh fruit and bottled water was a nice touch though. The pb  j at night was cute. It is definitely a unique and historic place to stay, but don't expect the Ritz.  
<Date>May 11, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful This was a wonderful hotel. While we were in town, we scoped out other hotels that we remembered from looking at them on the internet. We were really glad that we picked this one. The beds were great and the lobby was elegant. The hotel staff was very warm and always willing to help. I would highly recommend this hotel. It is also in a good location. We did not rent a car during our stay--we didn't have to. Everything is within walking distance. I cannot think of anything negative to comment on.   
<Date>May 10, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Old World Charm and old fashioned service prevail here! Not fond of flying, and especially amidst the raising of terrorism alert to orange, I didn't sleep x-mas eve; I was set to fly to New Orleans on Christmas Day 2003 and bound for Le Pavillon Hotel. Check-in was painless and courteous, which was great since I hadn't slept a wink the night before and had a migraine to boot from the tension. As soon as I checked into the room I was rewarded by cleanliness and old world charm. I even took pictures of the ceilings, which sported crown moldings and hand-painted flowers! Within minutes of checking in I relaxed to the point of having my migraine vanish. I had made reservations for x-mas dinner that evening at the restaurant inside the hotel.The only glitch was when I showed up at the restaurant and they didn't have my name down for the reservation, even though I had confirmed it upon arrival. Despite this, Christmas Dinner was spectacular. Also, the hotel didn't have a shuttle (free or otherwise) to the French Quarter. However, that was fine with me since I didn't enjoy the drinking scene so much. Even though I left generous tips daily for the maid service, they got chintzy with the bath products after my second day. Also, my room was right up against the stairwell, not a good idea if you don't want to hear the staff鈥檚 early morning hall traffic. That鈥檚 IT for complaints.I don't stay at a hotel anymore without checking out reviews at www.tripadvisor.com. Only Le Pavillon was one of the few with so many (well-deserved) positive reviews. That's the main reason I stayed there. I felt perfectly safe there and in the surrounding neighborhood, which I often walked around, as far as The French Quarter. The walk is great because you get to experience the little artsy shops along the way. Right around the corner of hotel I found a little convenience store and a Subway. There is also a lovely casino about 10 blocks away.Two charming points of the hotel were: the peanut butter and jelly sandwiches with hot cocoa in the lobby every evening. However, somewhere on the internet site it said it was at midnight. It was more like at 10:00 p.m. (can't remember now). One late night I came in from the cold to the welcoming, warm, and beautifully decorated x-mas lobby with this little feast laid out so beautifully. Charming!!! To boot, this little soir茅e was free and it also provided an opportunity to meet fellow guests (met some cool people there). Another charming, albeit strange claim to fame of this hotel (for you sensitives out there) is that the hotel is one of the most haunted in New Orleans. Trust me, it was, but nothing scary, just another aspect of its charm!The bonus of my trip (thanks to the shuttle driver from the airport) was the Egyptian traveling antiquities exhibition at the New Orleans Museum of Art (www.noma.org) called The Quest for Immortality. It ended Feb. 2004, but this museum is well worth exploring, they have a rich and diversified collection from all over the world. This was the highlight of my trip. Don't worry, I did manage to get a drink in at the oldest bar, LaFitte鈥檚 (sp?) Blacksmith's Shop the day of departure.I was happily surprised with the turndown service. The room was cleaned, bed turned down with two generous, delectable cookies, soft music, and a dimmed spotlight bathing the painting above the bed, a relaxing prelude to a good night's sleep. My stay here was great and I would do it again in a heartbeat. Highly recommend to the woman traveling alone.  
<Date>May 7, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cmoye
<Content>Awesome Our recent visit to Le Pavillon was the best. The staff was the nicest people. I was sick one of the days, and the housekeeping staff was so nice, wanting to know if there was anything they could do. In fact, all the people in New Orleans were nice  friendly. I am looking forward to returning to Le Pavillon soon. The location was perfect, close enough to walk to the french quarter, but without all the noise and craziness. Loved the restaurant, food was excellent. Had a great time in the piano bar. THe hotel is beautiful. Would recommend to anyone.  
<Date>May 4, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>yatmeh
<Content>thankfully not a franchise hotel my wife and i spent last thanksgiving here. what a treat!!! there really is a grande dame feel to the place. absolutely stunning lobby with crystal chandeliers beyond belief. the rooms were not huge but were furnished with deep pockets. loved the marble bathroom. numerous staff members asked if we were enjoying our stay-from housekeeping to doormen to f  b manager. this level of interest was not forced and felt quite genuine. we felt quite welcome there. definitely not your cookie cutter franchise hotel at all and why we look beyond the marriotts and the westins to find beds with personalityies.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Average, at best Sunday April 25, 2004Just returned today from a two night stay. Arrived late on 4/23. No doorman or bellman. Eventually a security guard arrived to help. Received a smoking room even though we requested non-smoking. Room nicely furnished but smelled of smoke. Had a shower and bizarre half size tub. No in room movies. Valet parking is $25/day (more than the daily rental cost!). On checkout, receptionist was eating a danish as we were checked out. When our car was not ready and informed of our time press to get to airport, I was instructed to settle down. OK property (restaurant had good food with friendly service), over priced lodging rate whose good years are behind it.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Drip, Drip, Drip Talk about unfulfilled promise! Le Pavillon has a quaint lobby, friendly staff (at least upon check-in), a panoranic city view from the rooftop pool/spa area and a decent, picturesque restaurant. However, our heightened expectations were thoroughly dashed by the dingy room, leaky ceiling (which no one could fix despite our repeated requests), unresponsive management and shady billing practices. The downstairs public areas feel grand, which was in direct contrast to the shabby, unkempt private quarters. There are many better choices in the area, and some of the characters strolling the immediate area after midnight were downright menacing. Look into the JW Marriott, W and Monaco and pass by Le Pavillon. Really.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MKNV
<Content>Love, Love, Loved the Le Pavillon! We stayed at the Le Pavillon for one weekend night and loved it! We made reservations on their website and had a smooth check-in. From the moment we arrived, it was clear that we were guests. The doorman, valet, and front desk personnel went out of their way to ensure we had a hassle-free arrival. All the employees made sure we were taken care of, even if it was just pushing the elevator button for us! The room is a bit smaller than most, but plenty of room for two. However, a family of four might be cramped. The room is impeccably clean and was beautifully decorated.The rooftop pool at night is gorgeous! Oh, and the perfect spot for a morning cup of coffee. It is a hike to the river, but not very far from Bourbon Street and most of the French Quarter. At night, we always took a cab because, well, we were two women and didn't feel comfortable walking alone. We did not take advantage of the turn-down service and missed the peanut butter sandwiches, but we did order cookies and milk as a late night snack. Great hotel, great stay - we will most definitely return to the Le Pavillon.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Nachos
<Content>Gorgeous This is one beautiful hotel, and for a reasonable price! The rooftop pool and jacuzzi are so nice after a long day of walking around the French Quarter. The rooms are well-decorated, and I even love the bathroom faucets. Free high-speed internet access is a huge plus in my book.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not an ordinary hotel! From the second my husband and I arrived at Le Pavillon we knew that we were in for an incredible stay in New Orleans! The staff was outstanding and extremely helpful! The rooms had a warm cozy feel to them and the rooftop swimming pool was also an extra treat. We were visiting for my husbands birthday, so we asked the concierge Justin for a recommendation for a restaurant. He made reservations for us, and after we left, he called the restaurant back to tell them that it was his birthday. On arrival, they had complimentary champagne waiting! It was magnificent! The hotel is also in an excellent location. Easy access to the streetcars and buses, and it is also an easy walk to the river and Bourbon street. I have recommended this hotel to all my family and friends and I will continue to recommend it to anybody travelling to New Orleans. I know on my visit back I will again choose Le Pavillon!  
<Date>Apr 3, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolutely gorgeous hotel We loved this hotel. We went with another couple who suggested it because of a previous stay. The rooftop pool is magnificent. The breakfast is delicious and the location is great. The room was a bit small but this hotel is so charming it is worth being a bit cramped. The decor is rich and plush. We've been to some beautiful hotels but this is definitely one of our favorites! They even offer a midnight snack buffet (but it gets crowded so get there a little early).  
<Date>Mar 27, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Le Pavillion's breach of contract Le Pavillon, while a beautiful hotel with lots of charm, really has problems with it's staff and catering people, as well as their upper management.Our company booked a meeting to be held April 29th  30th 2004. After sending our contract requirement to their catering director Gwen DeFraites, our meeting was accepted and booked. We had stated in our contract requirements that any deposits needed would be due two weeks before the event.Now, today, March 15th 2004, the hotel demanded all deposits or the event would be cancelled. After trying to speak with the catering director supervisor, we were basically told tough luck, and they cancelled our meeting there. This is after having advertised the meeting at this hotel and having people register there.This is costing our company large sums of money.Be careful with this hotel!  
<Date>Mar 15, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved Le Pavillion We go to New Orleans frequently for business and for pleasure. This was the first time that we had stayed at Le Pavillion. It was wonderful! The staff was personable and professional. The room was a little small, but if you are in New Orleans you are not in your room that much. I can definitely say that Le Pavillion will be our hotel of choice from now on.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Thanks for the great service, Le Pavillon... This hotel posted a pre-Christmas special on the internet and we stayed there for 1 weekend night. We reserved the room on the internet and all confirmation went smoothly and professionally. When we arrived we were greeted by very polite and professional staff, and we are amazed by their luxurious decoration in the looby and throughout the building. We took a lot of pictures with their well-decorated Christmas trees and fireplaces. They provided wireless internet access, a very convenient feature for the guest. My wife particularly like the late night snack, which include milk, peanut butter bread, cookies, juice, etc. The location is near downtown. We could walk to French quarter no problem, around 15-20 minutes. Of course you might not want to walk during the night. Safer to take a cab, not too expensive. Room are not huge, but furniture are nice. Room size is about average. Swimming pool and exercise room on the roof, too bad it was too cold to swim when we were there. Their restaurant was luxury too and they have table side cooking. After we return, they even sent several thank you email to us. We most appreciate the great service from the staff and they are very professional and helpful. It's a great stay. Thank you.  
<Date>Mar 10, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pretty Good I really liked this hotel. Very plush and friendly staff. We stayed in the middle of Mardi Gras and they managed to operate very smoothly. Massive TV in the room and the hot chocholate, milk, peanut butter and jam sandwhiches from 10-11pm in the lobby were a nice touch. Mini bar is expensive but i guess they always are. For $140 a night it was well worth the money.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect Vacation This was our first trip to New Orleans and our stay at Le Pavillon made our trip memorable and perfect. The entire staff went out of their way to make us feel special. It was the most beautiful place I have ever stepped into. Our room was fantastic, the bed was incredible. The food was first class, as was the service. We will be going back to New Orleans and will definitely be staying at Le Pavillon again.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jnfr28
<Content>Great Hotel! We loved this hotel. We stayed here in August 2002. The walk is a bit of a hike to the French Quarter but it is very quiet. Rooms are great, bathrooms beautiful with marble. We spent at least an hour every night downstairs in the bar where my husband smoked cigars that he had bought in all the cigars shops in town and the bartenders were very attentive to us and chit chatted with us. The breakfast buffet is the BEST buffet I have ever had and Pat the omlet maker makes the best omlets ever. Nice service from Georgie in the dining room too. We loved this hotel and would definately stay here again. August is too hot though, so go when it is a bit cooler.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>terrible service I went down for Mardi Gras this year and could not be more displeased with the service. First off, the hotel smells like an old sock. Maybe it's the old belle charm but I did not enjoy that. I wonder why the windows don't open or alteast they should get a better ventilation system. Also the service was terrible. First off, they made the people staying there wear ugly green wrist bands and if they ever lost them, they would charge an additional twenty dollars, I felt like a criminal whenever I left my room. They added so many extra charges to my stay it more than doubled my hotel price! I couldn't have been happier when I finally left. Hey, the lobby was nice! But everything else was very sub par.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nicko591
<Content>Wonderful, relaxing stay My husband and I stayed at Le Pavillon in October 93 upon user recommendations, and we were very happy with our room. It was just as described online, and spent some time on the rooftop swimming pool, just relaxing and enjoying the fantastic view. Lots of privacy, courteous staff, quiet room. Being away from the noise of the French Quarter was just fine with us, and it was very easy to catch a streetcar to Jackson Square and we enjoyed hours wandering around the quarter. The PB  J at night was a sweet touch and popular with hotel guests. It was, all in a wonderful stay.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>4 Star Hotel, 1 Star Service!! First, let me say, I am NOT one of those people that just looks for something negative to say. We travel quite a bit, at different types of lodging and I use tripadvisor EVERY time. I don't know what happened while we were at Le Pavillon 2/17-2/20, but EVERYTHING went wrong! We ordered room service and didn't get the right beverages, TWICE! Our wakeup calls were 10 minutes late, and it took FOREVER to get our car out of parking, and it's only just a lot on the opposite corner. We put a TURN DOWN SERVICE sign in our door when we went out, and when we got back, someone had been in the room, put the TURN DOWN SERVICE sign back in the room, but hadn't done anything. Why were they in the room then? We called the Front Desk, once, to say, very nicely, that we had had a few problems, they didn't inquire any further and they didn't do anything to make it up to us. I have never complained at a hotel and we didn't push this any further. If you stay there, I hope you have better luck.P.S. Le Pavillon IS very lovely to look at and I didn't think the location was too bad, it's away from the French Quarter, but well within walking distance, just a few blocks. Although, I won't ever stay there again because of the service. I booked this room through AAA and I wonder if we got discount service because of it. I hope that is not the case, but maybe they only cater to the full-paying guests.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best **** hotel in the world with the best staff!! I read reviews on tripadvisor.com for months prior to our 4th anniversary excursion to New Orleans. Every week a new review would come up on Le Pavillon and not one negative word was ever written. I must say I was somewhat nervous about getting my expectations up too high and being let down by a staff or hotel that didn't met my standards. NOTHING could be farther from the truth!! We spent three wonderful but rainy days in New Orleans and besides eating at Emeril's (best restaurant aside from the Mansion on Turtle Creek in Dallas) the hotel made our trip the best we've taken in years. Justin, the concierge, was marvelous. I sent him a very lengthy email prior to the trip and he responded in a prompt manner with great ideas! Upon arrival, the hotel sent up a basket of fruit for our anniversary (which I'm still not sure how they found out that's why we were there). The room was spacious and had a very new and crisp feel to it. If you do go to this hotel, make sure you request the Turn down service at night. Not only was the bed perfectly turned down the hotel staff left shortbread peanut butter and jelly cookies on our nightstand with the recipe to go along. I'M STILL BLOWN AWAY! As others have said, the Peanut butter and jelly sandwiches with the hot chocolate at 10:00PM every evening were the perfect snack before heading off to bed! I'm never been more confident about referring a hotel to anyone! Stay here, you won't be sorry!!  
<Date>Feb 18, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I really was imporessed with Le Pavillion. The hotel was a very beautiful historic hotel. I came in with very little expectations, and it they completely blew me away. The staff was extremely helpful and courteous. Anythign I needed, they were glad to respond. The rooms were very large and spacious.Overall, the stay was excellent.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel, not so great location Le Pavillon is everything other reviewers have said. It is beautiful and elegant and the service is top notch. We were looking for a place to stay away from the noise of the French Quarter and we found it. No one told us, however, that the hotel is located in a deserted area where you really should not be walking around. You are 4 solid blocks to Canal St. Cabs are essential at night. I also agree with the comment that the basic room is cramped and needs improved noise insulation. The decor is lovely, though.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Small room with thin walls The least expensive rooms are a bit small for anything beyond one night. The wall and connecting door to the next room were far from soundproof and we were treated to continous noise from neighbors. We spent one night in an upgraded room -- there is a huge difference in space, appointments, luxury. Don't expect a first class stay at the lowest price.  
<Date>Feb 2, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Le Pavillon - "Le Excellent" My brother  I had to make a last minute trip to New Orleans because our 94 year old Nana was in the Cardiac Care ward of Ocshners Hospital.My experience at Le Pavillon began at the front door when I was greeted like an old friend instead of just another hotel visitor. The staff at Le Pavillon were very coridal and professional when they thought we were on holiday, and went even above and beyond when they knew our visit held potential for great sadness.Two of my three favorite people I never even met face to face. The ladies answering the phone in Room Service. Amazing. I spend most of my time in hotels in South East Asia and other parts of the world, so I can tell you these ladies were fabulous. The food was served in the time frame they stated, and was wonderful. From oatmeal to their house specialty beouf bourguignon, I recommend it all.Our other favorite was their very talented singer/piano player. What an incredible voice, and a personality to draw you out of any sadness.The entire staff shouldn't be forgotten, everything was imaculate and so much southern charm!I must admit, my brother and I really got a kick out of the Peanut Butter  Jelly Sandwich bar with Hot Chocolate at night. We had never heard of such thing, but what a crowd pleaser. Imagine standing in an elegant lobby with everyone gathering between 10pm - 11pm making PBJ sandwiches... my brother of course, put too much jelly on his and spilled all over the nice carpet... even in our mid 40's he is still a little boy.SO, book a stay at the hotel and enjoy the experience, the rooms were nice  the beds comfortable. My brother  I look forward to going back for a happy occassion and taking our spouses for the experience!  
<Date>Feb 1, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Le Pavillon was great! We wanted to stay somewhere nice in New Orleans for our 30th wedding anniversary so we selected Le Pavillon after visiting their website and reading reviews in TripAdvisor. The hotel was great. It's close enough to all the attractions without being in the middle of all the noise of the French Quarter. The staff was very courteous and helpful. The room was comfortable and the lobby, dining and lounge area were all beautiful. We look forward to staying there again the next time we go to New Orleans and would recommend it to anyone.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Vanilla1217
<Content>OMG!! Its beautiful!!! This is the most beautiful hotel I've ever stayed in!!! It was comfortable and the service was wonderful!! The food is awesome and they have great bartenders that make the best drinks I've ever had. (just don't get a room next to the elevator, its kindof loud.) Otherwise, its wonderful. I'll never stay anywhere else in New Orleans and I've learned this the hard way.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Every hotel should be so enjoyable! We stayed at Le Pavillon for our marriage in New Orleans  it was wonderful -- from the courteous, competent  knowledgeable staff to the small details like the heated mirrors - it truly was one of the highlights of the city.Paula, at the check-in desk, went above  beyond and was so sincerely cheerful she could brighten any damp day.Now there's only one place to stay when we return to New Orleans!  
<Date>Jan 28, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Buggybug
<Content>Historic hotel and great savings! We just returned from a 4 night stay at Le Pavillon and had a wonderful time. We had a combined air/hotel package...but I'm guessing the hotel part was only ~$75 a night! Book online thru Expedia. The room was very ornate and the bathroom had black marble. We had breakfast in the restaurant which was a bit over the top and enjoyed the pool and jacuzzi one night....which are located outside on the top floor. I didn't have any PBJ sandwiches...but I did enjoy some hot cocoa at night. Would definately stay there again.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Old World charm and elegance This hotel had old world class and elegance that you don't find in most hotels. I travel about 35 weeks a year and you don't find hotels like this very often.The room was very large and extremely clean. Everything was well appointed, even the packaging of the soaps and shower cap.The staff was very pleasant and accomodating. At night when they serve Peanut and Jelly sandwiches and hot chocolate it gives you a feeling that you got when your Mother served you this comfort food.Everyone should experience a hotel like this at least once. I have sent extra brochures to my traveling friends so they can have this experience.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Le Pavillon is a wonderful hotel The hotel was beautiful! The service was excellent. We enjoyed our stay and will go back when planning a trip to New Orleans.  
<Date>Jan 26, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Exceeded Expectations! Le Pavillion greatly exceeded our expectations when we visited in late December 2003. Many guidebooks embellish hotel quality and character--so we are always dubious. However, we were totally floored by the uniqueness of Le Pavillion--absolutely gorgeous room, wonderful/helpful/courteous staff, conveniently located to the Quarter and the Warehouse (art) district, and you won't find the peanut butter and jelly sandwhich nightcap anywhere else!It's also very easy to find if you are driving in from the airport, if that is important to you.We usually like to stay in different hotels on repeated trips, but we loved Le Pavillion so much we will probably make that our standard lodging when visiting New Orleans from now on.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Marvelous! I stayed at this hotel in January 2004 and it was marvelous. The staff is very gracious and friendly. The room was magnificent and the complimentary nightly turn down service was amazing. Not only was our bed turned down, but we were left cookies and a note with the weather for the next day. When we returned the lights were dimmed and jazz music was playing. Also, the room was very clean (it was a little small, however!) I felt like a queen! I would definitely stay here again and again and again...  
<Date>Jan 20, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>GCJR
<Content>Wonderful Experience Le Pavillon is a wonderfully designed hotel which captures the essence of French architecture. The interior was decorated with classic antiquities and provided wonderfully detailed furnishings. The rooms were spacious and wonderfully kept. The hotel is located perfectly situated for those who want to be on the outside fringe of the French quarter and who may not want to be in the middle of the ongoing parties. I highly recommend people to try this hotel  
<Date>Jan 19, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Will stay at La Pavillon every time I'm in NOLA! The La Pavillon hotel is spectacular!!! It's beautiful and classy. The beds... Plush and wonderful. I think I had the best night of sleep ever! The fitness facilities were great and how can you beat a pool on the roof. All the staff was very friendly and helpful. I have told everyone who heads to New Orleans to stay there! It's an incredible deal too! Don't miss the peanut butter and jelly sandwiches at 10pm! What a fun late night snack!!  
<Date>Jan 19, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>LePavillon-worth the money LePavillon is a beautiful hotel with character that showcases a classy ambience. In addition to the beauty of the hotel, the staff was very always helpful and informative - delivering great service.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Le Pavillon is a hit with us! Our one-night stay at this hotel was the highlight of our trip. The entire staff was the most welcoming and cordial of our entire trip, in spite of the fact that our visit occurred during a high capacity time. Everything was excellent, and the hotel is the most beautiful you can imagine.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Love Le Pavillon My husband and I stayed at Le Pavillon and had a wonderful time. The hotel is very close to the French Quarters and has the beautiful architecture seen in most of New Orleans.The service was impeccable and we were especially impressed in the knowledge and expertise of the hotel's concierge. The staff had created a list of things to see and do in New Orleans that included places in and out of the French Quarters -- allowing us to see more of New Orleans than we probably would have.Our hotel room was luxurious and the halls and lounge area of the hotel were filled with beautiful paintings and furniture. The complimentary peanut butter and jelly sandwiches in the lobby at 11 were just an additional perk. We will definitely stay at the Le Pavillon the next time we come to New Orleans.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ronintransit
<Content>Le Pavillion was great!! A friend treated me to Phantom of the Opera tickets for Christmas, '03. We found reservations @ Le Pavillion, and chose it because it was close to other things we wanted to do. What a wonderful bonus to the trip!! Beautiful accomodations, wonderful service, and on and on. Though Phantom was great, the hotel made the trip memorable. We will definitely be back!!  
<Date>Jan 8, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wish I could have stayed longer at Le Pavillon My coworkers and I spent one night at LePavillon. Since we were returning guests, we were treated to special amenities. How nice to be remembered!The hotel restaurant is a wonderful combination of old world charm and down home southern hospitality.I loved the details--a fruit basket in my room with a thank you note for choosing their hotel, peanut butter and jelly and hot chocolate for a late night snack, business cards showing us as guests in residence, and the valet with a top hat and tuxedo.My only regret is that we had to leave so soon.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great People make a Great Place From December 13 to 21 I have been staying at Le Pavillon Hotel and everyone just made my stay a lovely gift before Christmas: everything was just great because everyone at Le Pavillon has a way to make one feels at home. And as I was there for professionnal reason, I felt like working at home and wish you all to experience the same feeling. This hotel is UNIQUE and has a truly UNIQUE way to take care of the guests. Thank you all: you were wonderful!  
<Date>Jan 6, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dananyc
<Content>Fabulous but be cautious.. My husband and I just came back from a fantastic stay at Le Pavillon. We chose this hotel because of all the great reviews and were so happy we did. If you've read some of them, you know all the good stuff (it's true!) already. I just wanted to let you know that there was a guest walking back to the hotel last week who was killed for no reason (he was right across the street). It was only 10:30 at night and nobody knows why. I DO encourage you to stay here, but DEFINITELY take taxis after dark as New Orleans is very sketchy. Even if you are only going a few blocks away, it is worth the four or five bucks. Keep in mind that Le Pavillon is in the business district so the streets are pretty empty after 6pm. We live in NYC and feel much safer here than in NO. Having said that, we felt the hotel was first class in every way and the staff was very helpful and offered great recommendations. We will be back!  
<Date>Dec 31, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Le Pavillon Excellent accommodations. Staff is very helpful and pleasant. Beautiful dining room and excellent food and service. I would highly recommend this charming hotel.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved It! After reading the rave reviews here, I was not disappointed one bit. The staff was friendly and helpful, the rooms gorgeous, and the turndown service heavenly.We enjoyed the late night snack and the rooftop pool and jacuzzi. The walls are a little thin and we could hear the staff vacuuming and people coughing next door. Location is a bit far from French Quarter (4 blocks to the outer edge) but perfect if you plan on going to other parts of the city like the Garden District.I would definitely stay here again- the place is well-kept and gorgeous, especially with all the holiday decorations! Don't settle for cookie-cutter bland chain hotels when you can stay here.  
<Date>Dec 25, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Service,ambience, food, but terrible bed! I have to knock off a point because the bed was so hard and the pillows so limp that my partner and I had three awful night's sleep, which is important to imsomniacs like ourselves. The breakfast buffet was fantastic, and next time I'm in town I'd consider visiting for that but not staying there.All the people there were very friendly and the common rooms gorgeous. Our room had a lot of atmosphere and was very nice, though very small. Also, street traffic (tons of buses, shuttles, and trucks!!) and lots of doors slamming as the maids cleaned very morning also made for a crap night's sleep. I think one night I only got 3 hrs!!Our fourth night, which was an unexpected surprise due to weather back home, we moved a few blocks down to the Sheraton on Canal St. and slept phenomenally.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Le Pavillon was very elegant We stayed in the Presidential Suite at the Le Pavillon Hotel in New Orleans. It was the most beautiful room we had ever stayed in. The 2 bedrooms were large  decorated with beautiful furniture. This suite has a dining room, den and living room w/a fire place. Needless to say, we did not want to leave the next morning. You will not be disappointed in this hotel. Sherry J.  
<Date>Dec 15, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>xgamer1411
<Content>Favorite New Orleans Hotel I have stayed at many New Orleans hotels over the past 20 years and Le Pavillon is my all time favorite. The rooftop gym and pool are fantastic, the rooms are extra luxurious and the staff is always pleasant without being phony. An incredible value so close to the French Quarter!  
<Date>Dec 12, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful ! Terrific ! Fabulous !  First class all the way. Makes you feel very welcome and comfortable -- exceptional service and staff. Great location, too. Thank YOU, Le Pav !!   
<Date>Dec 12, 2003
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The best hotel we've stayed in This was a wonderful experience for both my wife and I. We totally enjoyed the accommodations, the food and the service. All of the people working at the Le Pavillon did an exceptional job to make sure we were comfortable. From the people at the front desk to the bartenders, waiters and waitresses to the room service and the bell service, all was a step above all other places we have stayed in. Thank you Le Pavillon for the wonderful experience.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Le Pavillon -- truly the best of New Orleans Le Pavillon, only a short couple of blocks from the French Quarter, is a fantastic oasis away from the wonderful madness of Bourbon Street. It is a magnificent hotel with service and amenities to match. It will be the only place I will consider upon a return to New Orleans.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>This place will make you feel special I thoroughly enjoyed my stay at La Pavillion and would definitely stay there again on my next trip to New Orleans.The hotel is quite glamorous and extremely clean. My room was top notch. The meeting facilities were very comfortable and the restaurant was exceptional (!) and amazingly affordable. However, what really blew me away at this hotel is the excellent customer service. The staff demonstrate exemplary customer service at all times. It was incredible how friendly, attentive, and professional the staff were.This facility would be a great example to study in college management classes. You just don't find this kind of customer service anymore.Highly Recommended!!!!!  
<Date>Dec 9, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Virtues of LePavillon There is no place else I would stay but at LePavillon in New Orleans. The personnel is not only superb but they are homey with their evident desire to assist you with any need that arises. I felt their concern when the shuttle didn't arrive to transport me. They went out of their way to relay messages that made my stay unencumbered and carefree. Even the bartender was a female joy. I cannot stress enough what you are missing if you fail an opportunity to be a guest with LePavillon. What a blast.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Le Pavillon is the Best!!!! My husband and I spent 5 days at Le Pavillon for our honeymoon in early October. We loved this place!!! All of the staff was so courteous and friendly. Both my husband and I have travelled extensively for work and we found Le Pavillon to be one of our favorite hotels we have ever stayed in. You won't be disappointed!!!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Dec 9, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DS-FLA
<Content>A Wonderful Stay After a lot of research, including the reviews on this site, we chose Le Pavillon for our first visit to New Orleans with our children (ages 8 and 10). We could not have been happier. Rooms were lovely and well-appointed, and the housekeeping was excellent. The location was excellent as well - close to the Quarter, the Aquarium, streetcar, restaurants, Walgreens, etc. We had a lovely Thanksgiving dinner in the elegant Crystal Room; in a city of great dining, it is easy to overlook this room, which offered well-priced specials nightly. The only thing that did not go perfectly was some confusion with our babysitting arrangements with the concierge, but we resolved the problems easily. Overall, we loved it and cannot wait to go back, with kids or without.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Surprised by Le Pavillon As this was our first time to travel into Louisana, we were pleasantly surprised by Le Pavillon. The Hotel itself was absolutely beautiful. The service was top notch, from our arrival to our departure. no matter the question we may have had, the desk always had the answer. The location was also very good. A short walk would get you anywhere you needed to go. Be it the French quarter, the river walk, or the business district. A big plus was that it was just far enough away from the quarter to be peaceful. I would definately return, should I find myself going back into New Orleans.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Traveling-Places
<Content>Great Stay! I did a lot of research on the Internet before deciding on Le Pavillon for a two day visit in Sept. 2003. This was our first trip to New Orleans to celebrate an anniversary and I wanted it to be special for my wife and I. I read all the reviews of this hotel that I could find, mostly good and a few not so good. I highly recommend Le Pavillon. The property is beautiful, the accomodations, service and food were all excellent. Our experience confirmed all the good things said in the GOOD reviews that I had seen during my reseach.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best Hotel Stay I have had The service and ammenities at Le Pavillon were outstanding. The hotel was elegant and first class and yet the staff was incredibly down to earth, friendly and accomodating. I felt very comfortable there. I loved the beautiful roof deck pool and courtyard area. It was magical to spend time there at night. Every request was met with prompt attention. I felt very catered to and pampered in my stay there. I will definitely return to Le Pavillon if I am in New Orleans again.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Royalty for a Week Get ready to be impressed. The Le Pavillion is the ONLY place in the Big Easy to be considered for your hotel choice. We were more than impressed by the ambiance, the maintainence and the extremely friendly attitude of the staff. The Housekeeping staff went out of thier way to greet us on a daily basis. The front desk staff members were more than helpful and the whole atitude of everyone that we encountered was extremely positive and plesant. Our room was well appointed, neat and extremely clean. All of our needs were exceeded. An exceptionally nice touch was the head of housekeeping coming by to see if everything was to our satisfaction. Give yourself a treat next time you are in New Orleans. Stay at the Le Pavillion.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Ghosts? As frequent visitors to New Orleans, we usually stay on Bourbon Street in the Quarter. On our last trip, there was no availability so we stayed with LePavillon for the first time. This place is killer!But we didn't see any ghosts!!! Exceptional service, awesome rooms, and only a short walk to the quarter...we will definitely be staying there more often. Don't miss this hotel!  
<Date>Dec 3, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JanelleRJones
<Content>Loved loved loved it! My husband and I spent the Labor Day weekend at Le Pavillon and we had a WONDERFUL time and a FABULOUS experience at the hotel. We loved the pbj at night and found everyone at the hotel to be most friendly and helpful. The dining room is breathtaking and the buffet breakfast was terrific! The hotel itself is gorgeous - every detail of the room was beautiful and the bathroom was first class - right down to the soaps and lotions! We were both training for the Chicago marathon, so the workout room with it's treadmills, free Powerade, water and fresh fruit was especially appreciated! It was just a short walk to the French Quarter, but far enough away that we enjoyed many hours of good sleep. We won't even consider staying anywhere else next time we visit the Big Easy!  
<Date>Dec 3, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Amazing Hotel, Why do people complain? As a Hotel School student in Lausanne, I was amazingly pleased to have had the opportunity to stay in such a grandiose hotel for over 2 weeks. Before going any further I wanted to share what I have learned here in my Hotel School In Lausanne: Types of Complainers Passives: no complaint, no negative wom, no third-party action Voicers: actively compain but less likely to negative wom (i.e. service providers best friend) Irates: negative wom, likely to switch (feel alienated from the marketplace) Activists: above average propensitiy to complain on all dimensionsWhat Customers expect when they complain: fair treatment Outcome fairness: customers expect ompensation that would match the level of their dissatisfaction, punishment should fit the crime (e.g. money, apology, future free service) Procedural fairness: in terms of policies, rules and timeliness of the complaint process Interaction fairness: expect to be treated politely and honestly People voicing their thoughts on this site are of course activists such as I am and really do want to be heard. When faced with problems in the hotel (which happened very occasionally) such as down-service slightly delayed during high occupancy periods, or a room service meal arriving slightly colder than expected or a problem with the contents, they were always ready to offer complimentary delights. Fair treatment, mixed with great respect and breathtaking service is what you can expect from such a hotel. Thank you le Pavillon for all you have to offer.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel - Le Pavillon We celebrated our 5th wedding anniversary at Le Pavillon and had a fantastic time. It is a wonderful hotel with a great atmosphere. How can you go wrong with peanut butter and jelly sandwiches every night?  
<Date>Nov 27, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolute Elegance I loved my stay at Le Pavillon! The lobby was beautiful and I found the staff to be most helpful, right down to the man at the door who not only opened the door for me, but also took my hand to help me up and down the steps! The roof top pool and hot tub were also beautiful with fountains and statues and extra towels so you don't have to use the ones from your room. Our room was very nice with mattresses and pillows that were more comfortable than any hotel I've ever stayed in and almost more comfortable than my own bed at home! The towels were thicker than any hotel towel I've ever used and the bathrobes were another nice bonus. Little details like this is what made my stay at Le Pavillon so wonderful. The peanut butter and jelly sandwiches and hot chocolate at night were the perfect before bed snack. While my stay would have been far too expensive for me without my conference discount and sharing a room with 3 other people, I would still find a way to stay here again. The people at the front desk were very nice about taking off parking charges for 3 days that we were not parked in their lot. No arguments at all! I would recommend this hotel to anyone traveling to New Orleans!  
<Date>Nov 16, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Paulapinot
<Content>Le Pavillon, Great Hotel! Loved Le Pavillon hotel -- great location, beautiful lobby and dining room with high ceilings, chandeliers and mirrors. Best place to lounge is the roof-top hot tub and pool -- great views of the city, nice sculptures and fountain. Staff were superb!  
<Date>Nov 8, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TracyN185
<Content>Excellence at Le Pavillon Le Pavillon was an excellent choice for me and my traveling companion. We enjoyed the atmosphere, the staff was tremendous and we did not have one problem with anything at the hotel. I would recommend this hotel to anyone who loves to be waited on and expects luxury when traveling. I was impressed by the courtesy and knowledge of the staff. I will stay there everytime I visit New Orleans. I have never stayed in a better hotel.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>WOW We spent 5 days here and we were treated like royalty and The Rooms were like a BB but with so much more class. I give the Le Pavillon a 5 Star  
<Date>Nov 5, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolutely top-notch This was our eighth trip to New Orleans, our first staying at La Pavillon. We got a tremendous rate for our room (early September is a very slow season for tourism); the accommodations were world-class, dining room was fabulous (we were given free desserts and comped drinks). Their rooftop swimming pool was great!! I can't say enough about the hotel. The only down-side was the concierge--didn't know where to purchase transit passes (they were supposed to be available at the hotel). As far as the previous review from someone who said that there were no ice machines--I don't what hotel they were staying at!! I'd stay there again in a heartbeat!  
<Date>Nov 5, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>honestabeCt
<Content>An elegant and gracious hotel We had a fabulous stay at LePavillon. It is an elegant and gracious hotel. Our room was newly decorated and immaculate. The staff was so warm, friendly and helpful......they wanted to please each and every guest. Every request was greeted with a smile and handled promptly. We loved the easy location and will return to this establishment again and again.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Real Problems at the Le Pavillon HOtel was beautiful!!! The restaurant was great, and for the most part service was freindly.However, I booked a Junior Suite, which was fantastic. Unfortunately, it had the elevator shaft dropped stright down the middle of the room. Apparently, all junior suites have this attraction.The front desk and concierge were AWFUL!!!! Polite, but useless. Microsoft answers and assistance, if you know what I mean. I stayed 7 days, and all front desk and concierge were awful. One concierge even told me she was busy with other guests requests, and could not help me that day. She wouldn't even schedule a time when I could come by. What BS.The rooms were hideously overpriced for what you got, and the mini bar was hideously expensive. We wound up going down the street to a vending machine. There's no ice machine in the hotel.Now, having tore them apart, it was a beautiful room except fro the elevator noises all night ($400/night) and everything but the front desk and concierge was great.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fell in love with the hotel My husband and I were given an anniversary gift to New Orleans and a stay at this hotel. Although we had been to New Orleans several times, never to this hotel. We arrived just when the dining room had closed. But because it was our anniversary, the kitchen staff let us in to dine. It was so romantic just the two of us. The staff did not seemed to mine. That's what I call service beyond the call of duty. The hotel stay was excellent and staff treated us like royalty. Definitely a place for anyone to getaway.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved Le Pavillon Le Pavillon is the perfect place to stay while in New Orleans. A short walk to everything, yet far enough removed from the action that you don't get the noise. We felt it was the perfect place to have a relaxing, peaceful vacation, while at the same time remain close to the party atmosphere that makes New Orleans famous. The suites are absolutely lovely and quite romantic. Everything was immaculately clean. The evening turn down service was awesome. We loved the pool and workout room. All the staff members were friendly and went out of their way to see that our stay was enjoyable. We'll stay here again in the future.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Comfort with Class Le Pavillon is a hotel with great staff and nice rooms. I am a frequent business traveler. I stayed for a week of business and was pleased to find a terrific, medium sized hotel. Located easy walking distance to the 1/4, trolley stop and MOTHER'S plus FREE HI Speed internet. Super staff with strong local knowledge.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Enjoy the peanut butter  My fianc茅e  I really enjoyed our stay at Le Pavillon. The staff was friendly and helpful. The room was clean and bathroom had plenty of towels. I also liked the late night snack (pbj). We had one minor issue: the blankets. It was a little old.Otherwise, this is a great hotel for your next New Orleans visit. It's within walking distance from Bourbon St., French Quarter  casino.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Style and Grace in the "Big Easy" My recent stay at Le Pavillon Hotel was the perfect setting for a fun weekend in New Orleans. The hotel was recommended to me by a friend and lived up to the high praise. From the suites that were beautifully appointed with genuine period antiques, to the top shelf service and staff, everything about my stay was excellent. I will be going back!Tim Hagen  
<Date>Oct 23, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Unforgetable stay at Le Pavillion Hotel My family and I had a wonderful stay at the Le Pavillon hotel this last July. The hotel is beautifully decorated with a mixture of both modern and antique decors. Our room has two nice queen beds and all the soft, featherly pillows and comforters. The open deck swimming pool on the top floor, even though small, offers a great view of the city at night. We really enjoyed our swim at night and the city lights. Our two little boys always looked forward to the evening complimentary peanut butter and jelly sandwiches. But best of all, is the wonderful hotel staff. Everybody was going out of their way to make our stay one of the the most enjoyable hotel experiences we have ever had.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Le Pavillon - The VERY best in New Orleans LePavillon is one of, if not the best, the premiere places to stay while in New Orleans. The service is the best I have ever seen. The staff is always very courteous and accommodating. The food is wonderful. This was our first stay at Le Pavillon, but it will not be our last.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>New Orleans Grand Style We had a wonderful stay at Le Pavillon. The hotel has a wonderful atmosphere with a friendly, efficient staff. The room was handsomely decorated. We also enjoyed the wonderful peanut butter and jelly sandwiches and hot cocoa evening snack. What Southern hospitality!  
<Date>Oct 20, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved our stay I want to say the Le Pavillon hotel in New Orleans takes service to the next level. I felt at home from the time I set foot in the front door, until the valet thanked me as I drove away. No let me thank the Le Pavillon hotel and their staff.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Real Dowager Queen of New Orleans Over the years, I have probably visited New Orleans eight or ten times. I normally enjoy my stay, and my overall experience with hotels there has been about average.This trip, a colleague suggested the Le Pavillon Hotel, which she touted as being a necessary part of experiencing the a real New Orleans hotel - not just a another cookie-cutter, look-alike, chain hotel property.She was absolutely correct.From the moment you approach the entrance door, you are treated with respect and kindness by a staff who actually make you feel welcomed and comfortable; without that forced, plastic smile that you know comes out of a standard hotel employee training course entitled Whatever Happens,SMILE!The main lobby is warm, elegant and comfortable. The lobby bar is inviting and intimate. The hotel restaurant (I am sorry to say I have forgotten its name) is an absolute gem! It is the antithesis of everythinh I have come to expect from a hotel restaurant. The room itself has an authentic New Orleans decor and ambiance; but do not let that fool you into thinking that that is all it has. The decor, staff, service and menu are truly world-class.Although this is an old property, the facilities are completely modernized, and it is clear that renovation of the physical plant is an important constant part of management's mindset. The room I had was elegantly appointed and comfortably designed and furnished. The public spaces of the hotel are very well maintained.The next time you go to New Orleans, try something different. Stay three or four blocks outside of the French Quarter (but within the Business District), and treat yourself to experiencing a stay at what I would call the Dowager Queen of New Orleans.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Le Pavillon's The Greatest The staff at the Le Pavillon is the greatest. We spend at least two weekends a year in downtown New Orleans for business and pleasure. The staff goes out of there way to make us feel welcome, as they do with all the guests. We had a recent emergency on our last stay and the staff was concerned not only for us but for our family. They not only helped us, but took care of our other guests who were also staying there. We have never had a problem which was not corrected by the management in a prompt and courteous manner.This Hotel is where you want to be in New Orleans.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Can't wait to go again We loved our stay at LaPavillon. The hotel is beautiful and attention to detail is great.Can't wait to stay there again.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>eddiej6
<Content>best ever stay in this wonderful hotel in the heart of the french quarter the staff was very helpful and friendly.the room and the bed were one of the best i have ever slept in. this hotel is not the cookie cutter hotel we are used to .this one is special.love all the marble decor.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2003
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved Le Pavillion This was a beautiful place the staff were very friendly and extremely helpful. I give this five stars in all areas.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great location I surprised my girlfriend for her birthday with a trip to New Orleans and I lucked out by choosing Le Pavillon.The staff and rooms are exactly what you would expect from a top-notch hotel (and the photos on the web site do not do the building justice).The best part was the location -- far enough from Bourbon St. to not be kept up all night or smell the pleasantries, but a safe, close walk to the nightlife of the French Quarter to not feel isolated. It was located near the street car to the Garden District and near the river.I will stay again...after we recover from the weekend!  
<Date>Sep 30, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Clearly outstanding place to stay The only thing I can say is, wow! Le Pavillion is a wonderful place to stay. The staff are courteous and friendly, the accomodations are superb, and the atmosphere makes it all worthwhile. I strongly urge anyone who is planning on a trip to NO to stay at LP. It's well worth the money.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a find! We had a wonderful time at Le Pavillon. It's pretty well located about 4 blocks from Canal and Bourbon. No downsides. Reasonably well outfitted fitness center, helpful concierges. Beautiful room, lobby and restauant. Free high speed internet!  
<Date>Sep 24, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lovely, lovely My stay at Le Pavillon was wonderful. It reminded me of the Brown Hotel or the Sealbach. The nightly bedtime snack was fun and tastey! The roof-top pool and sauna were very much appreciated at the end of long warm days of meetings and shopping. Vist and enjoy the prompt and curteous staff, the ambiance and the southern hospitality of New Orleans! Don't forget to try a hurricane.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>History...missed opportunity I spent a lovely day at Le Pavillon for my Birthday in January and to my surprise...the Hotel Staff sent me a lovely bottle of water(looks like champagne) and a plate of the most delicious fruit I've ever tasted! My Evening was an especially memorable one and this Hotel made it even the more special!A great addition to my treasure chest of memories!Sincerely, GSU  
<Date>Sep 17, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>laylabell
<Content>PB We had a Fabulous time!! We brought our 2 small children with us and the hotel staff was very accomadating. The rooms were gorgeous with all the amenities. But the best part was the Peanut butter and jelly sandwiches, hot choclate, and cold milk every night. This was complimentary and WONDERFUL. I guess everything tastes better when it is free!  
<Date>Sep 11, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great New Orleans Hotel Only had the opportunity to spend one night at the Le Pavillon but had an outstanding experience. The hotel is classic older hotel in supurb condition. The ambience is formal and ornate, and the staff could not have been more accomodating or friendly. While the rooms might be slightly smaller than some newer hotels, they are beautifully furnished, and very comfortable. We had dinner at the restaurant within the hotel and found the food to be excellent and the wait staff first class. If you are looking for a memorable and unique experience that is removed from the cookie cutter chain hotel experience, Le Pavillon beautifully reflects the grandeur and hospitality that New Orleans is famous for.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful romantic experience My stay at Le Pavillon was a remarkable, romantic experience that was the centerpiece of my proposal to my soon to be wife. The entire staff at the hotel made sure that the entire night went smoothly. I have made many enjoyable trips to New Orleans but this was by far my most memorable.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Hotel with real Southern charm!!! Probably the most wonderful, friendly place I have ever stayed! The folks there treated me like I have known them for years, facility was extremly clean, food excellent! Definatly earns its name as BELLE OF THE SOUTH! Would recommend to everyone when traveling to New Orleans!  
<Date>Sep 8, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best stay ever at a hotel! Had such a great stay, almost didn't want to leave the room. Had breakfast on the day of departure in the main dining room and had one of the best breakfast you could have, with excellent service.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kaykay4800
<Content>Loved Le Pavillon Le Pavillon is very elegant. Every detail is beautiful - for example the magnificent crystal chandeliers and the painted elevator doors. The concierge was extremely helpful in making suggestions, making reservations, and giving directions. The hotel is in a great location - in the business district with an easy walk to the French Quarter, Casino, and only a block to the street cars. The rooftop pool is awesome - a beautiful setting. We enjoyed breakfast in the hotel, the hotel bar, and even had a peanut butter and jelly sandwich one night. We would definitely stay here again and give this hotel our highest recommendation.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The High-Light of New Orleans We travel quite a bit, so we have a lot of hotels to compare with Le Pavillon . In our opinion, Le Pavillon rank as one of the very best we have stayed in. The rooms were great and the hotel has a helpful and friendly staff. We are nobody special but we felt special at Le Pavillon Hotel. If we ever go back to New Orleans, we will certainly stay at Le Pavillon (if there is room). Thanks again for a great stay.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful unique hotel Le Pavillon sit eh most enjoyable hotel I have stayed at in years. I kid you not. I was there for a conference, and I was amazed at the beauty of the antique furnishings. The entranceway is so grand, and the staff so welcoming. Since I was not there with my family, I was a little concerned about being alone. I felt very safe and taken care of. The room was large and decorated within the style of the hotel. The houskeeping staff were so professional, that I didn't even know they had cleaned the room until I returned from a class to see a perfect job done! The pool on the rooftop made me feel like I was whisked to another place in time. I was so relaxed. I would bring my drink up there and just sit and look at the sun and sky - and the stars at night. I want to go back with my family. and have breakfast in the gorgeous ballroom with the staff, and have peanut butter and jelly sandwiches and cocoa at 10:00 PM! Really..  
<Date>Sep 5, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We felt like Royalty at Le Pavillion We stayed one memorable night in New Orleans on our way to Pensacola Beach. Le Pavillion was gorgous! Doormen, Bellman, conceirge, outstanding decor..... Our room was one with bay windows. There was a raised, decorated ceiling with a ceiling fan. The beds were covered with beautiful decorative pillows. The furnishings, linens and room decor were quite fancy. The bathroom was unbelievable! Wonderful shower, beautiful sink, and black tile floors. They even provide comfortable bath robes to use in the room. My children were extremely impressed! We all went for a midnight swim in the rooftop pool. It was an experience I think my kids will always remember fondly. We walked to the French Quarter. It is not far and we never felt threatened, but it may be safer to take a taxi. Our children are 3, 10 and 13. Valet parking is required and I believe it cost $25 per night. It is billed directly to the room. Most, if not all hotels in the French quarter area charge for parking. The cheapest hotel parking we saw was $10. We got the beautiful room at Le Pavillion for such a great price that we could afford to park too. Note: I recommend you have your own sodas, etc. They are quite pricey at the hotel. **We found that there is complementary bottled water, sport drinks, and fruit in the workout room. We would definately stay there again if we could get the room for such a good deal.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Perfect -- couldn't have asked for more. Luxurious rooms, a wonderful staff, and great location all for a more than reasonable price.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Policy-policy-policy We didn't quite make it to Le Pavillon because a grandchild of ours had a life-threatening accident just as we were about to depart Baton Rouge for New Orleans. I called the hotel prior to their noon check out time as to prevent any inconvenience to them. This is my e-mail response to the hotel:(quote)I telephoned your hotel at 11:00 yesterday morning (before your noon checkout time for your departing guests) informing the desk that my wife and I had received a near-death family emergency notice just an hour before I called and that we had been forced to cancel our plans to come there.We live in Baton Rouge, just 55-minutes away. We are local Louisiana residents.We were packed and ready to come to your hotel and had been in fond anticipation regarding our trip there for over a week when this news arrived regarding one of our grandchildren.I telephoned you early enough to prevent creating any inconvenience to your hotel regarding our stay there.I understand policy......I was aware of your 48-hour cancellation policy.... I cannot believe the audacity of you charging my credit card for a room when we didn't stay there. This is a slow time in New Orleans, and obviously a slow time for you (by offering such reduced rates). In what kind of way did this cause your facility enough inconvenience to warrant a charge to my credit card (other than your policy)? Why didn't you charge me the additional $1.00 per night? Is it because we didn't actually stay at your hotel, therefore you cannot technically charge me for that?Our New Orleans trip was merely postponed, and we still plan to visit the city for a few days. However, Le Pavillon will not be having us as their guests because of the spunk and audaciousness displayed by your policy for a mere $66.67.My policy now has no alternative but to cause me to become obstinate toward your hotel as you are (obviously) toward me. I will spend my money at some other place, sirs. If others read this, they may (as well) reconsider their choices also.Randy MetcalfP.S. Your representative on the telephone reported to me, ......if it is decided to charge your credit card with this....... Poor decision. (unquote)As a local resident, I say the Le Pavillon can have their pomp and eat it too!  
<Date>Aug 12, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Global_Critic
<Content>Truly a "Belle" This hotel is a true gem for the those who want an authentic New Orleans experience. The decor is the most lavish I have seen outside of 5 star European hotel. Our room was beautifully decorated and the bathroom was very ornate. Le Pavillon excelled at providing us with a great location and excellent service. We especially liked the roof top pool overlooking the skyline of the city. Beautiful at night. We'll stay again, no question!  
<Date>Jul 28, 2003
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>OK, I guess My husband and I just spent a few days at this hotel. We found it to be a nice place if you are the type of person that like antiques and historic hotels. The staff was very nice and efficient and the decor was impressive , however this hotel is in major NEED of some upkeep. Perhaps a newer hotel would be in better shape. F.Y.I. Valet parking at this hotels is $23.00 per day.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Le Pavillion We stayed for 9 evenings at the hotel. Our room was more than comfortable and the people were the friendliest ever. The service was great and I would definately choose Le Pavillion once again. The turn down service was a great touch and we especially enjoyed the 10 oclock peanut butter and jelly sandwhiches as bedtime snack.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Fench Pastry I was pleasantly surprised to find this wonderful hotel in the business section of New Orleans. The hotel was within walking distance to all tourist areas. The staff was not only pleasant but helpful with all of our needs. In the evening they serve cocoa and peanut butter sandwiches! What a treat! The room was very french influenced with marble floors in the restrooms and drapes around the bed.I really enjoyed my stay at Le Pavillion and know you will too!!  
<Date>Jul 14, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Le Pavillon First Class We were lucky enough to take a 3 day mini vacation with our two children this spring and booked at Le Pavillon. It is truly first-class, from the decor to the staff to the evening peanut butter and jelly sandwich buffet at 10pm for the kids!The location is very good and easy to find.I recommend it highly and don't be afraid to take the kids!  
<Date>Jul 9, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>TOP SHELF ACCOM. AND SERV Le Pavillion was our honeymoon hotel. fantastic service. the concierge were terrific. went out of their way to please. Hotel met and exceeded our needs. From the tophatted doorman to Housekeeping . everyone was gracious and polite.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A gracious, genteel southern hotel La Pavillon is truly and extraordinary hotel, a step back in time. From the moment of your arrival, you will feel the warmth and graciousness that is the hallmark of this establishment, as if you are their most honored guest.The hotel itself is an architectural jewel that is a feast for the eyes. What could be a better way to enjoy the surroundings than at night when they serve hot chocolate, peanut butter and jelly sandwiches, and other irresistables to assure a good night's sleep. In the morning, the delicious buffet breakfast that includes, among many things, cajan specialties is served in their regal dining room.We have stayed all over the world in the finest hotels in any area. Le PaVillon is now included in our most favorite. Many hotels have spectacular architecture, rare and exotic flowers, crystal and silver in abundance, and the finest in bedding, but it is the people who give any hotel its life. Le PaVillon is a treasure - one we hope is never lost.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Decadent and classy Great price, excellent location, beautiful rooms, fabulous rooftop pool, and the bedtime pbj's are a unique and fun addition. What more can I say? Our entire group had a blast at Le Pavillon.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice hotel--check around first My sister and I booked the La Pavillon at the referral of two friends from New Orleans. We were pleased with the appearance of the hotel...and also the greeting  check-in upon arrival. Be aware that your options are limited with parking. You will pay almost the same amount whether you choose valet service or 'park your own'. Our room was very small, but clean. The 'extras' were nice... our beds turned down every evening, music playing and lights dimmed...peanut butter and jelly sandwiches for late night snack... Having the robes is a nice feature... But... you cannot purchase sodas, water, or snacks at this hotel---except from the unbelievably over-priced mini-bar. A Diet Coke cost me $5.29. But with no refrigerator  no vending machines---you have no other choice if you need to have a drink of some sort... Breakfast at the restaurant was delicious but overpriced... Overall, we enjoyed our stay at the hotel. The next time we return to New Orleans, though, I believe we will stay at a hotel located within the French Quarter or very close by...  
<Date>Jun 22, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Incredible Hotel and Service Le Pavillion is a remarkable hotel. From the minute you enter you know you will have an amazing experience. The room accomodations are more than comfortable and impeccably clean. The staff is always willing to assist from providing directions to making any and all reservations for dinner or events. The rooftop pool and sun area is spectacular and unexpected in a downtown location. The food is wonderful and the late night peanut butter and jelly sandwiches really bring everyone together.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>So disappointed. After two weeks of careful planning for our trip to New Orleans, we were counting on a two night stay at La Pavillon to kick it off in grand style. The minute we walked into the lobby I knew we were in trouble. It was dirty, smelled of smoke and stale food and in desperate need of touch-up paint all over. We had to wait 35 minutes to check in due the the lack of organization at the front desk. Things only got worse when shown to our room. It, too, smelled of smoke (we don't smoke), the carpet was torn and dirty, the bathroom had mold in the grout, the bathtub was stained, and the room needed paint. The basic feel to everything was shabby and dirty. Yuk. We did ask to see another room, and it was no cleaner or better. We actually stayed only one night of our planned two because we were so repulsed. I also accidentally left my pillow in the room, and they have me jumping through hoops to try and get it back. Lots of promises, no action. We left the room 30 minutes after checking in and walked two blocks down the the Monaco hotel and reserved a room for the next night. Stay there! It's EVERYTHING we wanted - clean, cool, fun and lots of additional perks.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Le Pavillon is first class What a lovely hotel! This is an older hotel that's been kept up beautifully, from the lovely paintings to the marble floors and french antiques. The staff of a hotel can make or break your stay, and the folks here definately did their very best to ensure that our stay was the best ever. Requests for service were completed quickly and effortlessly. The concierge helped us with everything from a no-hassle, one-day car rental to restaurant suggestions and tour information. The restaurant is excellent (and the peanut butter and jelly sandwiches in the lobby every night aren't bad either!). Nice, safe location - you will probably want to take a cab to the quarter, but they are very inexpensive (about $5) and always available. Very gracious, very elegant, very friendly. We'll definately be back!  
<Date>Jun 14, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>utterly fantastic i write about travel, so, i stay in some of the best hotels in the world. and i must say that Le Pavillon is particularly fantastic, striking that difficult balance between elegance and friendliness. the staff are an absolute delight to deal with; and the public rooms are truly stunning. you'll want to just hang out in the lobby, it's so magnificent.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful but definite problems The hotel was beautiful and the bellman was wonderfully helpful and friendly. The night snacks in the lobby were very enjoyed by our children. Sadly, however, my husband had his wallet stolen by housekeeping at the pool. The wallet was returned, minus a substantial amount of money. My daughters toy was picked up by valet at night. We were told to pick it up in the morning, but it was missing by that time. My digital camera left our room. Our room service was delivered after the requested time frame. They did leave a bottle of wine as an apology. Nothing was ever done to compensate for our other problems at the hotel. My husband regulary stays at the Windsor Court. We have stayed there as a family several times. Any problems there are promptly taken care of courtesy of the hotel with profuse apologies. That is where we will be returning. If you choose to stay at La Pavillion, please be sure to behave as if you are on Bourbon Street with a pickpocket on you tail.  
<Date>May 31, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fabulous...they will Not disappoint! My husband and I had a wonderful stay at the Le Pavillon hotel. Someone we know had recommended the hotel to us so we decided to give it a try on a recent visit to New Orleans. We were not at all disappointed. The service was fantastic! From the moment we first checked in the staff made sure that our every need was taken care of. The room was beautiful and our daily housekeeping made sure that it was spotless! We only had a few nights in the city, but the hotel gave us wonderful suggestions on what highlights we might not want to miss. All the restaurants were wonderful including the one in the hotel. We highly recommend their buffets and the dinner we had was fabulous! If ever we have the opportunity to visit New Orleans again we will definitely stay at the Le Pavillon. If you are planning to visit New Orleans, give Le Pavillon a call, they will NOT disappoint.  
<Date>May 24, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>As Good As it Gets!! If you're looking for luxury and special treatment and remarkably PERSONAL service, then Le Pavillon really is as far as you need to go. And no further. The first thing that you'll notice about Le Pavillon is that it's beautiful; those high ceilings, massive chandeliers, antique furniture and beautiful bannisters will strike you immediately. The next thing you'll notice, and the last thing that you'll forget, is that all of the people working there seem to think that this is a small hotel with a few guests - how they've managed to treat everyone with such warmth while still keeping things running smoothly in such a large hotel is a mystery to me.We had a fantastic time, the food was great, the room was lovely, the value was good and the service was outstanding. We'll definitely be staying here the next time we're in New Orleans.  
<Date>May 20, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved It!! The accomodations and service were top notch. The rooms were breathtaking and extremely comfortable. The location was excellent and provided easy access to outstanding food and entertainment. I would definitely stay at the Le Pavillon during my next visit to New Orleans!!  
<Date>May 14, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pampered Like a Prince at Le Pavillon Overall, Fabulous! My stay at Le Pavillon is one of the top things I remember about my trip to New Orleans. This was the one hotel that stands out from the many others I have stayed at. From the moment I walked through the front door I knew I would love this Hotel. The styling of the hotel was very luxurious. Check-in was very prompt and smooth. Everyday it was a pleasure to walk through Le Pavillon. The staff was out of this world. There was an attention to detail at Le Pavillon unparalleled at other hotels I have been to. You could always count on a high level of professionalism and care from anyone on the staff. Walking through the halls every staff member said hello - furthermore most of them took the time to address me by name and inquire how I was enjoying my stay. The concierge was always there to help me find a great place to eat or enjoy my free time in New Orleans. The rooms were marvelous. Accommodations fit for a prince. You could always rest assured that when you returned to your room at the end of the day that it was serviced and looked exactly like the day you checked in. While I was at Le Pavillon I did not even fell like I was at a hotel based on the treatment I received. It is rare in today's world to find a Hotel quite like this one. Rest assured, I will be returning exclusively to Le Pavillon when I return to New Orleans in the future. I recommend this Hotel highly. If you are doing New Orleans, do it right and stay a Le Pavillon, you definatly will remember it - I know I will for a long time to come!  
<Date>May 12, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved Le Pavillion in New Orleans This was my second stay at Le Pavillion and like my first is was a wonderful experience. I particularly liked going down to breakfast in that gorgeous dining room and being greeted by the wait staff. What a great way to start the day.The hotel is beautiful. I enjoyed my daily walk to the French Quarter and the service was attentive and courteous. I would return any day.  
<Date>May 12, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best Hotel My friend and I booked our vacation through Expedia and booked our stay for a week in April 2003. Booking a hotel through Expedia is fast, cheap and efficient. The one thing you never know is how good the hotel will really be. I cannot say enough about Le Pavillon Hotel in New Orleans. My friend and I had never been to New Orleans before and needless to say had plenty of questions. The hotel staff were very accomodating and courteous, even letting us in on things we didn't ask about. I cannot say enough about the hotel and their staff. The room service was professional and efficient, and the food was fabulous.Although the hotel is not on the main strip, Bourbon Street, it is conveniently located within a six block walk. The hotel itself is absolutely beautiful to look at and they serve sandwiches at night for a warm and relaxing hour so guests can mingle and get to know one another. Whenever I return to New Orleans this will be the only hotel I stay at.  
<Date>May 12, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>EarplugLover
<Content>Isn't it romantic? We stayed here for our honeymoon and Jazz Fest...it was a lovely experience. The rooms are beautiful, and the service was fantastic. The staff is incredible! Say hello to Roosevelt in the bar - a wonderful, charming man, and talk to some of the locals who hang out there. We won't think of staying anywhere else in New Orleans. It's a fantastic old hotel with lots of character, and the location is perfect - an easy drive to most anything in the city. We love it! -Roberta  David from Las Vegas  
<Date>Apr 28, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Le Pavillon is Wonderful! My husband and I stayed at Le Pavillon for our honeymoon in early April, 2003. We stumbled across it on the Internet and, having stayed in New Orleans hotels before, were apprehensive about what we would find when we arrived. We should not have worried -- Le Pavillon is a beautiful and gracious hotel; the staff, from the concierge to the desk clerks, to the wait staff in the restaurant, to the doorman, were exceedingly helpful and friendly, above and beyond the call of duty. As guests in their hotel, they made us feel very welcome and very special. We were upgraded to a junior suite; our room was large, clean, and beautifully appointed. The amenities were first class, including fluffy white robes. This is a classy hotel with an attentive staff, and I would definitely stay at Le Pavillon again.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>No better place to stay!! If you want old world luxury combined with new world amenities, I recommend that on your next visit to New Orleans you stay at Le Pavillon. The ambiance and elegance of this hotel cannot be overstated. Everything from the hotel staff to the restaurant to the rooms were 4 star! The location is perfect, close yet far enough away from the husltle and noise of Bourbon St. Charm ? This place has it written over everything the eye can see. I cannot consider returning to New Orleans without staying here.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2003
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Bad Customer service Room service was bad, service in the restaurant was slow, location isn't all that great, (if you want to go to the French Quarter often), room was just okay. Staff was very inattentive to my difficulties and rude at times. Could have been an off weekend, but I will NOT be returning.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Value was skin-deep We arrived and checked in on Ash Wednesday, the day after the end of Mardi Gras. The glitter and plush were as advertised. Doormen's service was average, check-in backed up badly and with only 1 active front-desk employee handling everyone. We got room 724 - I recommend against it. Queen bed and other furniture over-filled it. Very limited bureau storage, made much worse by the fact that in that room you can't open the bureau part of the combo tv-minibar-bureau unit enough to get its drawers open. We used our suitcases and the shelf in the closet, which is what we expect to do in an Econolodge (and often don't have to). Housekeeping was poor. We discovered a wine glass had been shattered near the window before we checked in, not cleaned up. Called about it at about 2 in the afternoon, it got cleaned up the next morning. A peanut on the floor in the bathroom never got picked up across 3 days. Soap not replaced, shower mat not replaced one day, etc. Minibar protected by infrared sensor that charges you for anything removed, made using it for personal medicine, etc., impossible. (If personal things get left in a minibara, that's certainly another housekeeping fault.) Phone charges are high ($1 for any call, plus time charges), shower head is the gentle rain style which was more of a drizzle, hot water only lukewarm one day, never very hot. Health and pool areas are nice, location was fine for us - we didn't mind the 5-minute walk to Canal St. Overall, overpriced for the value, is my opinion, along with patently uneven quality.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

