<Author>ryan180680
<Content>Well worth the money!! Stayed here in October and although the hotel isn't in the most convenient of locations it was well worth the price. We printed off some directions from one of the previous posters but got lost as there was one vital bit of information missing. We had an extra hour added to our journey as we got lost. So if you are coming by train from the airport then follow these directions...TO GET TO THE HOTEL FROM THE AIRPORTMetro: take the airport train and get off at the second stop (Bellvitge). YOU NEED TO EXIT THIS STATION BY THE EXIT ON THE RIGHT. YOU THEN NEED TO WALK OVER THE SQUARE TO THE STATION CALLED GORNAL. Now take the train and get off at Europa Fira (1 stop). See walking directions below.When you come out of the metro you need to exit on the right up the escalators. When you come out of the station bear to the right slightly and walk up the road past a garage on the left hand side. Cross over the road and keep walking straight ahead past the convention centre on your left. At the next roundabout turn left and when you get to the end of the road you'll see the hotel on the right hand side next to a BP petrol station.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	3	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>Funky_Panda
<Content>Planes Trains and Taxis I booked Travelodge Barcelona as the offer on Travelodge website seemed so good and you cant go wrong with Travelodge rooms. I have had too many experiences of supposedly great rooms that have turned out to be nothing as expected.The hotel was exactly as to be expected - room no different to your regular travelodge in Birmingham or Burnley in fact. The only difference being the laminate floor and the fantastic air conditioning - room like a fridge on our arrival.We had flown from Manchester to Girona with Ryanair as again the cheap fares were very attractive. We had thought about booking a car - if you fancy taking your chances with the kamikaze taxi drivers in the city - then book a car on the internet before you go. We enquired about booking at Girona airport and the price was more than double that quoted on the internet!Not wishing to spend 350 euros (including full insurance?!?) on a tiny car for 1 week we opted for the Barcelona Bus. Brilliant service. 12 euro one way or 21 euro return from Girona Airport to Estacio Nord (North Bus Station) Barcelona not far from Arc de Triomf Underground. The bus takes just over an hour and is painless - just same as any holiday company transfer bus. We then took a taxi to Travelodge which cost about 14 euros.The check in at the hotel was smooth and we opted for the 1 week internet access in the room as we run our own business and need to check emails. The rate was 6 euros for 1 hour, 12 euros for 1 day and 39 euros for the week.The travelodge website says that you get a kettle - it actually does not come with the room. So you trog down 4 floors to ask for a kettle and then get back to your room to find that you have no cups. So once again you trog down again and the receptionist gives you two cups a couple of tea bags and loads of sugar telling you it is coffee and he is giving you extra for all your traipsing up and down! But a couple of days later the maids remove the cups from your room! When you ask for milk they sell you a glass of longlife milk.The hotel is quiet, being so far from the action it's hard to expect anything else. It also means that generally when you set off for a day at the beach or sightseeing you will not have the energy to return to the hotel get changed and then set off out again, it's just too far!Follow the directions on this website of how to get from the hotel to the nearest subway or bus stop. They probably explain things better than me. The hotel staff can also give you a little map.The subway trains are by far the easiest way to cross the city and as long as you have a colour tube map it is simple enough to find your way around. A T10 ticket costs about 7 euros and gives you 10 rides on bus or train, a very economical way of travelling.The local shopping centre Gran Via 2 is beautiful, like a small version of the Trafford Centre and the supermarket is on 2 levels - upstairs is home and garden centre and electricals, downstairs for food and a coffee shop/sandwich bar - great sandwiches from 1 euro 60. It is obviously a place that the locals go as English is not spoken much and only 1 or 2 of the restaurants have the menus with English translation. The pet shop in Gran Via 2 is worth a look - it has dogs, cats, hedgehogs as well as the normal pet shop stuff!Finding the beach proved to be a little more difficult than finding any of the major tourist attractions. We used the Barcelona Tourist Bus 21 euros for 1 day 25 euros for 2 days. But with the traffic moving slowly at times and the strong Spanish accent of the voice on the headphones it wasnt always possible to be sure what you were supposed to be looking at! However it was a good way to get to places like Sagrada Familia or Bacelona Football Club.Back to the beach. The simplest way to find is to take the underground train to Cuitadella and then from the exit head for the giant goldfish or follow people with beach towels!The beach is busy and you are constantly bothered by Thai women asking to massage you. We both partook. Colin went for the 10 euro option (back and legs) and I just had the 5 euro back massage. Quite honestly it was just like having your mum give you a massage. Colin nearly had his teeth knocked out by the vigour of the massage at one point. Mind you he did have his face very close to the bar on the sunlounger.Sunloungers cost 5 euro each and umbrellas the same so it cost us 15 euro a day on the beach.Beer and soft drink sellers also cover the beach. Everything is 2 euro whether it be beer, water, cola or crisps.Thieves operate all over Barcelona. We had our video camera stole when when put it down for a split second to get somehting out of a bag while we were watching the fountains at Montjuic. This spoiled one of the best evenings of the week. The fountain show runs everynight and is breathtaking.We spent a week in Barcelona, half sightseeing half on the beach. It was meant to be a cheap holiday but as the exchange rate is so rubbish and Barcelona is so expensive (in 1 restaurant the gin and tonic cost more than the steak) it ended up costing us a fortune.All in all the hotel is as expected but too far from the centre or beach to be fun.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	2	4	3	4	3	

<Author>NewJerseyMinx
<Content>Barcelona On A Budget Travelodge Barcelona makes a great out of town base for budget travellers wishing to explore the city. We got a fantastic deal on accommodation for 8 nights by booking each day separately on the Travelodge web site then asking the hotel if we could stay in the same room for the duration. Cheeky but worth the 拢206 paid for 8 nights stay. Hotel standards are what you'd find in any travelodge UK - exactly the same blue sofas! Downside, no tea making facilities in rooms (take kettle), but upside good air conditioning system which is essential for summer in Spain.Getting to the hotel from Girona Airport is easy, take the Barcelona Bus (21EUR return ticket) to the Estacio del Nord then taxi to hotel (15 EUR). Word of warning - beware pickpockets at the bus station!Although the hotel is not in the most glamourous part of the city as it is on an industrial estate quite a distance from the centre, public transport is good and cheap. Bus 79 from outside Gran Via 2 shopping mall (10 mins walk) will take you to the Plaza Espanya for 1.30 EUR and from there you can either use the metro also 1.30 EUR (red line to Catalunya) or take a leisurely long stroll down to the Plaza Universidad. For the beach, you will need to use the metro (red L1 then change to yellow L4 Barceloneta) unless you like marathon hikes.Avoid touristy type restaurants if you want to stretch your holiday cash. Look out for those places offering a 'menu del dia' where for a set price you'll get a 2 course meal with bread, drink and dessert included. There are 2 good cafe/bars on the Plaza Universidad that have excellent food at reasonable prices. The Boqueria market off La Rambla is also a good place for grazing, you can pick up lots of tasty things to eat (fruit, jamon, seafood) whilst you wander round.The open topped tourist buses are probably the best way to get round most of the major city sights in a day. Tickets can be purchased from the tourist info kiosk at Plaza Espanya or Plaza Catalunya. You can ride round the blue/red routes all day til around 8 pm for around 20 EUR, getting on/off at attractions as desired. Barcelona is a wonderful city and you'll be smitten by its cosmopolitan and vibrant character. We've already been twice and I dare say this won't be the last time. Happy for fellow travellers to contact me if they want any other Barcelona tips.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	3	4	3	4	3	

<Author>Carltona123
<Content>Good but poor directions Good hotel, especially if you are arriving by car as there is free parking in the hotel car park. BUT the directions given on the hotel website are useless. You'll find the Passage/Paseo de la Zona Franca no problem but then the problems begin. It then says head for Fira M2 - but as this is not signposted (at least it wasn't in August 2008) it is of no help whatsoever. Ironically, with decent directions it would be soooooo simple to find. As you head north up the P/de la Franca it's about your third on the left BUT when we were there you couldn't turn left from that side of the road! No worries - just drive on about 500m and you will come to a roundabout (traffic island) - use it to make a U-turn and head back down the way you came. It will then be about your fourth turn on the right and the Travelodge is on that road. NB the map on the website which shows its location is 100% accurate so I would go by thatThe hotel iself is fine, but the area is a bit souless, tho perfectly safe. I wish I'd read ak47London's review before I went - better still print it out. Travelling into the city by train/metro is a little confusing plus you get to see nothing of the city. The bus option seems much easier, cheaper and more interesting.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>2	4	3	3	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>tezzam
<Content>good value and great staff       View of Olympic stadium  
<Date>Aug 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Gman64
<Content>Great value Having spent 5 nights as a family of 4, our kids are 6yrs old, we found the hotel as expected, standard travelodge fare, clean rooms, friendly staff and cheap as chips! There is a 10 min walk to the local shopping centre with restaurants (the Chinese buffet was excellent). This is also where we caught the bus into the city. We found the transport system very good and always ended up where we intended. 1st day sight seeing in the city, great. 2nd day on the beach at Barcelonet....average. 3rd day at the zoo..kids liked it. 4th day at the aqua park near Calella..we all loved it..though quite a small park!...overall, long weekend in Bacelona in August for less than 拢500 including flights!! Brilliant.The hotel is in an industrial area and there is a lot of construction ongoing, but we were happy with with it as it was used as a place to sleep only. Bonus points for aircon' in each room  
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	2	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Hughsee
<Content>Cheap but by the time you have paid for taxis, not so cheap Just got back from a 4 night stay at this hotel. Usual Travelodge stylee really, nothing special. We booked it direct with the hotel website and got a cheap deal. Beware, though, this hotel is quite a way from anywhere. The taxis to and from Barcelona soon mount up leaving you wondering whether it might have been just as much money overall to stay nearer the centre. At least you would not have to fork out for the expensive taxis. Be aware, the meters in the taxis seem to have a mind of their own! If you do order one from the hotel, get in the taxi as soon as it arrives, otherwise, it could well be on 6 euros even before you start. There is a bloke on at night called Angel. We think he has got a problem with Travelodge. He is not very friendly and was even very rude one night when we returned from a night out and were looking for another drink. He made some excuse that as he was the only person on duty, that we would have to wait 5 or 10 minutes before we could have a drink. The time was approximately 11pm and the place was deserted! There was another guy who had tried to get a drink and was told the same thing. After approximately 15 mins, we all tried to get a drink. He then broke into some sob story that he was working on his own and that Travelodge paid him to book people into the hotel, not serve drinks! We gave up and so did the other guy. I guess if you just want 1 or 2 nights, then this place is ok but anything more, consider another hotel nearer the centre.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	1	3	2	1	-1	

<Author>Chuffyonholiday
<Content>You get plenty for your euro Negatives鈥?In the middle of an industrial estate adjacent to the city centre- need to research it on Google earth before you go, or you will get hopelessly lost.A garage next door... otherwise tumbleweed, especially after about 6 pm.A bus service runs reasonably frequently- but only one bus on the route.Internet access price prohibitive.....BUTPositives鈥︹€?br/>CHEAP, especially for a major city (We paid 20 Euros a night for a room)Very modern- spacious feel to the foyer/shared areaGood sized roomsClean- well cared for- first-rate bathroomFriendly staffExcellent air conditioning (in Spain in July, this is important)If this was in the city centre it would be four or five times the price that it is  
<Date>Jul 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	1	5	5	4	1	

<Author>LightAleCavalier
<Content>A good place from which to explore Barcelona We spent 3 nights at the Travelodge. The taxi fare from the airport was about 18 euros. As other reviewers have said - if you have stayed at a UK travelodge you know what to expect. True there is no kettle etc. but you get a wooden floor, airconditionaing and a slightly larger bathroom. The reception staff were courteous and very helpful. The room was clean and comfortable.Some earlier reviewers ahve mentioned the BP garage next door is a good place to buy snacks, beer etc. but it closes at 10pm.The Fira Europa station is not on many Metro maps - it's too new!. It is one step further away from central Barcelona than Iberfons Cerda. It is near the Gran Via 2 shopping mall - there is a Carrefour supermarket and a range of tapas bars and restaurants - even KFC. The station is about 10 - 15 minutes walk from the Travelodge - the directions given by other reviewers are good and accurate - you really cannot miss the Prestige Hotel and the Swiss cheese building opposite.Trains to the Espana station are frequent - any train leaving the L8 platforms at the Espana will get you back OK.You do have to be prepared to walk the distance to and from the station but overall we found this an excellent base for exploring Barcelona and sometimes an oasis of calm after places like the Ramlas. Finally, in comparison with many Barcelona hotels this is reasonably priced , good accommodation.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	3	4	4	4	3	

<Author>ak47London
<Content>Excelllent location (directions to and from Travelodge Barcelona Hospitalet) I have just spent two nights at the Travelodge Barcelona Hospitalet and would definitely recommend it for a stay in Barcelona. It is not far out of the city centre. I took the L94 bus to and from the hotel and the journey to Placa de Catalunya only took 20 minutes. This is about the same time if you took the metro bearing in mind that you have to change metro trains at Espana. It is also good to use the bus if you have a pram so that you do not have to cart it into metro stations and up and down stairs.For breakfast, I went to the Ikea where for 1 Euro you receive toast, eggs, sausage, bacon, juice and unlimited amounts of coffee. Alternatively, you can go to the Gran Via 2 shopping centre where there are lots of eating places as well as a huge Carrefour store.The Travelodge is what you get at any Travelodge (double bed, sofa pullout, bath with shower, toilet). From Europa Fira or Gran Via 2 or Ikea, the walking time to the Travelodge is a quick five minutes or 10 minutes at most. Below are directions to the Travelodge. TO GET TO THE HOTEL FROM THE AIRPORTMetro: take the airport train and get off at the second stop (Bellvitge). Now take the train and get off at Europa Fira (1 stop). See walking directions below.Bus: take bus 46 and get off at one of the four bus stops located in front of Gran Via 2 or Ikea. See walking directions below.TO GET TO THE HOTEL FROM THE CITY CENTRE VIA METROTake the metro to Espana station. Now take the train to Europa Fira (3 stops). See walking directions below.TO GET TO THE HOTEL FROM PLACA DE CATALUNYA VIA BUSTake one of the following buses (L94 or L95) and get off at one of the four bus stops located in front of Gran Via 2 or Ikea. See walking directions below.TO GET TO THE HOTEL FROM PLACA ESPANYA VIA BUSTake one of the following buses (46, 65, L70, L72, L80, L81, L86, L87, L94 or L95) and get off at one of the four bus stops located in front of Gran Via 2 or Ikea. See walking directions below.TO GET TO PLACA DE CATALUNYA VIA BUS (20 MINUTES)Take one of the following buses (L94 or L95) from one of the four bus stops located in front of Gran Via 2 or Ikea.TO GET TO PLACA ESPANYA VIA BUS (15 MINUTES)Take one of the following buses (46, 65, L70, L72, L80, L81, L86, L87, L94 or L95) from one of the four bus stops located in front of Gran Via 2 or Ikea.WALKING DIRECTIONSFrom Europa Fira station look straight ahead for the Hotel Prestige Congress (it is a tall building and should be on your right) but your view might be blocked by the three tall buildings in front. In other words, you should have three tall buildings in front of you with Gran Via 2 shopping centre to your left and Ikea to your right. You must now walk straight down where you will come to the first of two roundabouts. Walk straight at this first roundabout and on your left will be the Exhibition Centre with its white fa莽ade. On your right will be the Hotel Prestige Congress. Continue walking straight until you come to the next roundabout. Now make a left turn and walk half way down and on your right you will see the BP petrol station and Travelodge.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dancer704
<Content>travelodge hospitalitet I am just back from barcelona and would recommend this hotel to anyone either if you are going there on business or pleasure. As for directions to the hotel none i found where of any great help as we searched the industrial estate where the travelodge is located for what seemed for hours and hours in a temperature not seen in the uk in February (20C). So here it is, make your way to Placa Espanya on the metro from there change on to the L8 line, when you go down there are 4 trains just grab the next one leaving as they will get u to the stop u need to get off. Get off the L8 at the fourth stop which name is Europa Fera something we only found out only on the second last day of our trip, we had been told the stop before which meant we had a bit of a hike. So once off at Europa Fera look staright ahead for the hotel prestige ( its a tall building unmissable from the entrance and exit to the metro stop. You must now walk straight down where u will come to the first of two roundabouts walk straight at this first roundabout. On yous left will be what my friend described as a flintstones house ( make your own mind up) or as another friend said a big white building with lots of holes. On your right will be the Hotel Prestige. Continue walking straight until you come to another roundabout, here u will be taking a left as if walking round the side of the (flintstones) white building. Walk a little down this side of the street whereby looking across to the other side u will see either a BP petrol station or the travelodge. If you see one of these u a re here.As for the hotel itself some say it is situated a bit far, i don't think we found that, it was only about 20 minutes to Las Ramblas by metro and about ten minutes by taxi. 10 - 12 Euros. The staff in the hotel were very helpful albeit there were a few problems due to the language difference but as for the rooms themself if you have ever stayed in a travelodge u know what to expect, very clean but basic, ( bed with TV and Bathroom) u get what u pay for. All in all i thought it was a great place to stay and one i think my friends and i will both be using and recommending in the future.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>fatoldman
<Content>Good value My wife and I thoroughly enjoyed our stay in Barcelona. This Travelodge is some way out of the city, but with a travel card, we cheaply went by bus to Espana metro station, and from there used the metro.The buses (number 72) from the hotel are fairly frequent, and you can change on the Pg Zona Franca to one of many and frequent buses that go to Espana (9, 37, 109). Metro services are very frequent, so getting around Barcelona is easy. Travel back and forth to the hotel is time-consuming, so starting each day knowing that you won't return until the evening is the best approach. Bus 72 does stop by about 11pm, but in the evening it was like a private taxi service, and twice the drivers thought we must be lost travelling into that area.The hotel is a Travelodge much like any other, and we found the reception staff helpful, though we did not expect them to be tourist guides.At 35 Euros a night, the price was excellent, though 20 Euros has been offered there.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	2	3	5	3	-1	

<Author>johngconnolly
<Content>When you arrive at the airport, better get a taxi! We've stayed in Travelodge hotels both here in Ireland and in England before so we knew what to expect. To paraphrase another advertisement, Travelodge does what it says on the tin. It was clean, the room was fine, the staff were helpful and they even had CNN on the TV. (We NEVER watch CNN at home but, hey, it's in English - or American, anyway.)It was also extremely good value - 鈧?5 a night.Having read another review - obviously by someone younger and fitter than ourselves - we set out from Barcelona Airport by train. Yes, we got there and the instructions given were fine but hauling suitcases around in temperatures of 25/30 degrees wasn't a lot of fun.We've decided for the future we'll push the boat out (sorry about the mixed metaphors) and take a taxi (especially when you can get such good value with the hotel).The other possible downside relates only to location. As it's a bit out of the centre (10 minutes to the metro or bus and then perhaps 20 minutes thereafter), you are a bit constrained about returning to the hotel for a siesta.We preferred the buses - Barcelona is a very nice city and the traffic seems to flow very well so we didn't lose much time by not zooming through underground tunnels. We had a very early flight home and the hotel not only organised a taxi but also gave us an early morning call.We went to IKEA and besides getting the pressies for our grandchildren there (yes, go to Catalonia and buy Swedish), we were able to enjoy a Scandanavian-style hot dog and unlimited refills of Lingonberry juice -very tasty - for 鈧?.50. We have an IKEA coming to Dublin quite soon - I wonder how much it'll cost here?Someone else has mentioned the 鈧?.50 Chinese buffet at the nearby Gran Via 2 shopping centre. It's extraordinarily good value and we're grateful for the tip.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	2	4	4	4	3	

<Author>TaniaMacDonald
<Content>Clean  When I return to Barcelona I will use the Travelodge again. I have just returned from a week鈥檚 stay and I was very satisfied with the accommodation. It cost 鈧?20 for the week for both my daughter and I. The hotel was very clean and the room (418) was spacious enough for two of us. The decor of the room is the same as any other Travelodge, except this one has wooden floor. The room has air conditioning, TV, kettle, bath towels and an extremely powerful shower with bath. The breakfast is 鈧?.50 per adult and free for under 16鈥檚 with every paying adult. One lady attempted to charge me half price for my 11 year old, but I told her about the advert on the Travelodge web page. The breakfast consisted of scrambled egg, bacon, sliced cheese, hams, croissants, jams, cereals, toast, tea, coffee, water, orange juice and fruit. You can also leave your cases at the hotel when you check out or you can leave them at Barcelona - Sants in lockers (small 鈧? or larger 鈧?.50)LocationThe hotel is in the L鈥橦ospitalet area, which is located in an area that is currently undergoing substantial new developments, including the building of a new L9 train station. There is a shopping centre / Cinema (Gran Via 2) which has plenty of shops and also an excellent 2 storey supermarket (Carrefour). If you like Chinese then I would recommend the restaurant situated outside the Gran Via 2, which includes an excellent buffet at only 鈧?.50 in the evening. There is also a big Ikea down the road at which we had breakfast for 鈧? and dinner for 鈧?. From airportLeave the terminal and walk across the bridge to the train station Renfe. I brought a T-10 which cost 鈧?.90 this ticket lasts for 10 journeys, each for 75minutes. With the ticket you can change from using the train to the metro or to bus as long as it is within 75minutes. You can also share the ticket. For 7 days I used only four T-10 cards for two of us which cost 鈧?7.60. I was going to buy each of us a 5 day travel card which would have worked out to be 鈧?8 which also includes discounts on entry to Museums, galleries etc鈥ut, for us personally it worked out cheaper to get the T-10. When we were in Barcelona we travelled extensively and visited many of Gaudi鈥檚 buildings  museums. Plan 1 to get to hotelFrom the train station get the train to Belllvitge (two stops). Come out of the station and walk across the bridge, down the ramp and turn left. You should see the Gornal station. Get the train to Europa / Fira (one stop) 鈥?you will have to lift your suitcases up and down the stairs. Come out of the station (the station is on a roundabout) and you will see an Ikea (blue  yellow sign). You will have to walk for about 10 minutes, when walking down the path adjacent to the Ikea on your right (Carrer de la Pedrosa) you will see a petrol station on your left at the roundabout. Go straight over the roundabout (on your left there is a big building which has big holes in the walls). Walk past this building and take the first left down (Carrer de la Botanica) road, you should then see the Travelodge on the other side of the road. Excellent web page for maps:[--] (click on to maps / write in Address 鈥?25 Carrer de la Botanica / Area 鈥?Barcelona)Plan 2 to get to hotelFrom the train station get the train to Barcelona 鈥?Sants (3 stops). Get L3 Green to Pl Espanya (2 stops), then get L8 pink to Iidefons Cerda (2 stops). Come out of the station and be careful not to walk down the wrong road, like we did. You need to cross the busy road and you will see a big building called Gran Via 2 (shopping centre). Walk past this building, the building needs to be on your right (Carrer de la Literatura). You will then come to another road cross by the traffic lights and walk down the road called (C de L鈥橝l-lumini) 5 minutes. Turn right into (Carrer de la Botanica), and carry on walking for about 5 minutes and on the other side of the road on the left you will see the Travelodge. When you look at the map a road is missing do not worry! Other things that might be of some helpPrint off some bus routes [--] (click English / then click on to Maps)Bus 72 stops on the door step of the hotel, but the nearest metro Mercat NouBus 65 runs from Espanya to Gran Via 2Print off a train timetable from Airport as trains are every 30 minutes If you need any other assistance feel free to just email me.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>jeremyhay
<Content>Watch your bags here Newly built hotel across the road from exhibition centre. Clean, excellent rooms with quiet air-conditioning. (Do keep your windows shut or you will be bitten and the aircon will not work properly)From EUR 35 per room. No local amenities apart from the next door petrol station and a restaurant 500m away. The nearest shops are about a kilometre away. There are major roadworks in the area due to the construction of a new metro line. The 72 bus halts nearby and with this you can interchange to other buses to Plaza d'Espanya etc. (or one of the underground systems). Tip - buy a travel card from the tourist info. at the airport. 5 days for EUR 20.80 and pro-rata. This covers the fast train R10 to El Prat, Bellvitges and so on from the airport.Bellvitges is closest to the hotel and there is a 79 bus from near Bellvitges RENFE station to near the hotel. (Check on the TMB website). It might be easier to go closer to the city centre and then take the underground/buses. One of our party had her handbag stolen from her chair whilst collecting breakfast from the buffet..The thieves had just walked in and waited for their prey and that they were on the video camera recording from an obvious camera did not deter them. Be very streetwise on the underground too...Otherwise, Barcelona and the hotel were great!  
<Date>Jun 12, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Danestone
<Content>Great Value This hotel is a little away from the centre and there is a 15min walk to get to the train station but it was great value for money. Myself, my husband and our 2 teenage children were 拢24.50 a night for a basic but comfortable room. As our flights cost just over 拢100 each we had a 7 day, 6 night holiday for 拢550. Excellent. There is a lot of construction going on in the area and no view to talk about but Gran Via 2 which you pass on route to the train station is ideal for shopping and has several resturants. It also has a super Hypermarket.  The staff at the hotel were friendly and provided all the information we felt we needed. This would not be an ideal location for anyone wanting to enjoy the nightlife of Barcelona but otherwise would definately recommend it to anyone looking for a low budget holiday where the focus is on being out and about sightseeing.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	3	5	4	4	3	

<Author>Weller10
<Content>A good value for money option A group of eight of us stayed at the Travelodge L'Hospitalet for three nights during April 2007, and had a good value for money experience. We found the hotel to be excellently located for Palau Sant Jordi, which is an impressive concert venue. Although it is over an hours walk to Le Rambla from the hotel, it is a very pleasant stroll through the Olympic park, or only 10 euros by taxi. The staff could be more cheerful, but they were exceptionally helpful when approached for information. It appears that they have taken previous review comments on board and are making a big effort to improve.The BP garage next door is actually a bonus! It has a good convenience store and inside seating for snacks and beer.O.K., the hotel is not the Ritz, but it is clean, modern and if you are prepared to be a bit flexible, very useful.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2007
<Rating>3	5	4	4	5	4	2	3	

<Author>IrelandAngela
<Content>dont bovver Warning taxis rip you off.. they charged us 20euros from bus station. Hotel was in a bad area would not advise it for girls traveling along or families with small children. The staff where not very helpful with directions to barcelona and a map showing where the hotel is would have been a great help.There was no atmosphere what so ever.. no music in bar and no cork screw to open the only bottle of wine in the building. In spain no cork screws.!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!The room was clean I will give them that, but no hair dryer and draws. Doors were slammed all the time even by staff.Breakfast buffet ok had worst. If I had read these reviews would not have stayed at this hotel . marks out of ten .one!  
<Date>Jan 14, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>phrance
<Content>Nice view of the filling station! If your looking for a hotel that offers good rooms, security, sheets and a breakfast at a very competitive rate, this hotel will suit you fine. What you had better have, though, is either your own car or money to pay for taxi trips. It's stuck in the middle of a bizzarely designed industrial/commercial area. One day the acres around l'hospitalette will look splendid- but meanwhile you will have to [if walking] negociate pothole-ridden pavements to the metro station.However for Barcelona the prices can't be beaten and i recommend it. Do't expect much of a view though, as it is next to a filling station!  
<Date>Sep 29, 2006
<Rating>3	5	4	2	4	3	3	4	

<Author>Heather89
<Content>Cheap and cheerful We stayed at the Travelodge Barcelona in July 2006. The hotel was clean, and our room cost 60Euro for 4 of us.Bathroom was clean with bath and shower.Staff were welcoming and friendly-reception staff spoke English.Undercover car parking was free.Downside was the location of the hotel with regard to public transport - 20+minute walk to closest metro station, but I would be happy to recommend the hotel to anyone wishing to visit Barcelona and not wanting to spend a fortune on accommodation!  
<Date>Aug 5, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	2	5	3	3	4	

