<Author>flores403
<Content>Looks can be deceiving!!!!! I booked my hotel through priceline and at first I thought we got a very good deal at $45+ for the night espeicially once I saw the website i was directed too and thought WOW nice hotel. Like other reviews the hotel was not in the best neighborhood especially when they map it in the Galleria area of Dallas NOT!!! The apperance of the hotel from the outside is ok but once inside it does not get any better really. The hallways have very low ceilings and yes are dingy and it smells between smoke and molding. Walking through the hallways you think it might get better but it doesn't. We get to our room sheets were ok thought you would get better looking at what there webiste offers and photo gallery. There pool from there site again looked extremely big but there outside and inside pool were in fact small and very cold, there hot tubs is nothing to brag about either and that was a main factor of booking this hotel was so my boys could enjoy the pool again NOT!!!! There gym needs to be updated and yes old and dingy in there as well. Hell the whole hotel needs to be udpated. I was so disapointed w/ the hotel b/c I thought that the Holiday Inns are represented way better then what I saw and had to stay in. I was so disapointed that I wanted to leave as soon as I got there and had my mind set to leave but since my boys were tired we stayed. There breakfast was probably the only good thing about this hotel b/c kids eat free but you'll pay 10 bucks pp which is ok but don't think you'll get the best of foods but it will do but I will say the service for breakfast was good the waiters were very nice but this hotel SUCKS and I don't recommended anyone to stay!!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Sep 8, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	2	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>sadindallas
<Content>Perhaps The Worst Hotel on Earth Avoid this hotel at all costs! I don't know how many employees they have writing reviews on this site, but the actual hotel is NOTHING like what has been described by other users. The entryways and hallways are crawling with beetles and crickets. The elevators are hit or miss with several people trapped more than once during my stay. Our car was broken into in the parking lot. This should not have come as a surprise as the neighborhood that surrounds the property is the very worst kind of ghetto. Upon entering my room, I encountered more bugs. I woke the first morning feeling itchy. The red rash seemed like a bed bug infestation to me, but the management assured me that it was not. I finally checked out of the hell-hole after finding a pair of worn panties under my bed and a crackpipe in my coffee maker. There is no amount of money that anyone could ever PAY ME to get me to stay here again. The front desk staff is rude and do not care what kind of stay you are having. Management is no better. After getting my window fixed on my car, this stay at a very bad hotel cost me more than a luxury hotel stay. I hope no one else ever has to experience this terrible excuse for a hotel.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>mslibra80
<Content>Comfortable Stay - Great Price Me and my family stayed at this hotel for 3 nights over the 4th of July weekend.The room was great. It was clean and very comfortable.I didnt expect the room to be so decent while walking thru the hall to our room - the halls are a bit smokey and dingy. But heck, you don't sleep there. They definitely make up for it inside.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	3	3	4	

<Author>grram1
<Content>Good hotel... for the right price. Overall we were pleased with the stay. Parking was abundant and free, internet was fast and free. The hotel restaurant was good. Indoor/outdoor pool was nice (but could use a little leaf cleaning). The room iteself was OK... but they have a bit of a mold problem (minor, but you could see some, and it smelled a little musky... although Febreeze seemed to make it better). Overall a nice place, but needs to go after the mold issue and the rooms need updated.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	4	4	5	

<Author>mler13
<Content>Nice Hotel A very nice hotel. Got a double room for one night. Clean with a decent amount of room. Beds are comfy. Has a nice indoor/outdoor pool. Staff is friendly. Breakfast not always included with your room but they do have a nice restaurant with a hot breakfast buffet, lunch, and dinner. Lots of parking. 5 -min drive to the Galleria Mall or IMax theatre.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Robyn80
<Content>nice holiday inn We stayed here for a soccer tournament and the hotel is larger than a typical holiday inn and the staff were very kind and helpful. It is not within walking distance to any stores or restaurants but is conveniently placed within a ten minute car ride to anything you can think of. The hotel room's are average and about on target with other Holiday Inn's I have stayed at. The hotel offers free wi-fi in the lobby and rooms and has a computer and printer in the lobby for our use. The hotel has an indoor/outdoor pool and hot tub as well. We did not use on our trip but it was nice to walk by or sit by. There is also a bar and restaurant onsite - convenient for late night arrivals or for a drink without having to go anywhere.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>garfodie
<Content>Acceptable Priceline hotel. Vehicle a Must. This is a perfectly adequate hotel to get on Priceline, but it could use a little TLC.Booked a Saturday+Sunday night for $42 on priceline (it comes to about $52 per night after taxes). The hotel is right on the highway, but it's a little tricky to access by car (I ended up making a few u-turns to get to the place -- grab a GPS unit, or get a good set of maps before arriving). But by being right on the highway means that you can reach downtown by car in about 20 minutes in non-peak-hour traffic. A vehicle is a must. Public transit is non-existent, and it's awkward to access nearby restaurants without a car.Initial impressions of the hotel (from the lobby) are good. Lobby is fresh, clean, and must be newly renovated. There are (free) public internet access terminals, plus free in-room wi-fi. The atrium is modern and clean too, with the fitness centre, pool, and hot tub.The hotel hallways, though, could use some work. Drab 1980's carpeting, weak lighting, peeling paint meant that the walk to the room was rather depressing.The room itself was perfectly acceptable. The bed and pillows were comfortable. TV channel selection was present but limited. There were modern fixtures in the bathroom (that could use a fresh coat of paint). The cleaning staff are erratic, but they generally do a decent job.I don't know what people are talking about with a free breakfast (must be for conferences), but you can grab some bread from a Wal-Mart nearby. When they publish, you get a USA Today at the door of your room. If you get a room at the back, you usually don't have to worry about aircraft or freeway noises.All in all, don't be worried when you get this hotel on priceline. (Though, certainly do not pay rack rate for this hotel.) While the hotel can certainly put some money into modernizing the hallways, the indoor pool, free parking and Internet is a plus, and it's easily accessible to much of Dallas.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	3	2	5	3	4	

<Author>lisamarieFLA
<Content>Beautiful New rooms and Free hot fresh cooked breakfast! I was worried about this hotel when we read the reviews, but they were all BS! Yes they HAD ( past tense) older rooms but they have been renovated and all are new and very nice, especially upper floor rooms 3 and above.First we got the room with Priority Club and they had a special for 5000 points per night, so we got 4 nights FREE for the price of one normally.The room was brand new, and immaculate. Nice, upscale decor. A awesome VERY COMFORTABLE bed! Super soft linens. Nice toiletries. Clean, new bath. We had a laundry on the floor which was great. The breakfast bar was excellent-a person making hot fresh cooked eggs, pancakes, and waffles. Lots of lovely fresh fruit. Good coffee. YUM!The staff was very nice and helpful. Our waitress Cecilia was a doll-we had her every day!They could not do enough for us. I noted the regular rate is only $72 with AAA in the winter-a deal!Since my friend's home is close by ( 4 miles) in a nice area of Dallas I will definitely be back the next time I visit her in Dallas.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>PlayfulPlatypus
<Content>Great Convention Hotel but not romatic getaway The hotel is currently undergoing some renovation in the different rooms. Remember that when you book your stay. They worked all weekend that we were there. One exit was almost blocked with lamps and lampshades lining the sidewalk. The hotel is dated. Great location with easy access to freeways. Because of how the freeway exits are set up, you have to pay attention to where the hotel is in relation to where you are exiting. It can be a bit difficult to get to the hotel. The pool is gorgeous. It is an indoor/outdoor one. Minor problem--it was only 22 degrees outside and not enough heat was provided to the pool to make the water temperature something that I would get into indoors or out. The hot tub was heated but the timer would not turn on to provide bubbles. The pool towels were softer than the room towels. The convention area was clean and dated, but looked great. There was a large group of young ice hockey players staying the weekend. The hotel set up a separate breakfast buffet for them. The regular restaurant had a fantastic breakfast buffet that was well worth the $10 fee. The chef made omelets to order. The fruit was fresh. If you had gone to IHOP, the price would have been the same  
<Date>Jan 22, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	5	2	5	3	-1	

<Author>trinity-tiger
<Content>nice conference hotel in dallas i attended a modest size (300) person conference at this hotel - the room was nice, the conference facilities nice, the restaurant good (the breakfast bufet was a good deal at 9.95) and the complimentary airport shuttle to dfw was nice (it'savailable to love field, a detriment to those who some to dallas via southwest) - one comment though is that our hospitality suit eon the 6th floor did not have a rest room - what a bummer - i had to use one of the host committeee's rooms or else go downstairs to use - not a good idea - i would recommnd this place though for anyone planning a conference  
<Date>Oct 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Shrew00
<Content>Rooms are not 3* Quality Can't complain about the price, as I got it for $42 through Priceline.This is listed as a 3* hotel on Priceline. This may be the case in amenities (i.e. fitness center, restaurant, room service, business center). But the rooms are nothing close to 3* in quality. I have seen better 1* rooms than this hotel.First off, I was given a first floor room. Upon entering, I immediately noticed a musty, moldy smell. The rooms look like they were renovated circa early 1990s. The bathrooms look more like circa 1980s and desperately need a remodel. Had I paid full price for this hotel, I'd been extremely upset.Positives: Room was fairly quiet. Water pressure in shower was great. Breakfast buffet was ok. Free internet access at business center. Bed was comfortable, and I got a good night's rest.Negatives: Awful rooms on par with what I would expect at an EconoLodge, not a Holiday Inn Select. Bathrooms are slightly scary as well.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2007
<Rating>3	3	1	3	2	4	3	4	

<Author>easytogetalongwith
<Content>A Dump 3 Stars...? Puh-leeese. 1st impression, dingy carpet and nasty walls throughout the entire hotel, vague smoky smell. Got into room at 2:30 AM and sink was full of putrit residue, clogged as if someone had vomited and no one bothered to clear the pipes. In the light of day, no improvement.Next day, got back from meeting at 2:30, one of two double beds (the one I slept in) had sheets ripped off and comforter and pillows piled on top. Left room and came back at 4:30, (housekeeping carts in the hall since 8:30 AM) had not been touched, towels still on the floor in bathroom, etc. Left and came back at 7:30, room still had not been touched. Finally complained and engineer who barely spoke English poured Drano in sink and split quickly. Housekeeping still has not shown up in over an hour.Nothing worthwhile to drink or eat within miles, no decent shuttle anywhere worthwhile. Do yourself a favor and do not stay here for any reason whatsoever.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>coando
<Content>shabby yet endearing I shuddered when I won the Holiday Inn Select hotel on Priceline ($42, 2.5 * NW Dallas area) Usually Priceline Holiday Inns are musty, creepy antiquated ordeals; this hotel was musty but fun! I enjoyed it much more than the DFW Hyatt Regency I stayed at the week before on my way out of town.Tho not located exactly at the airport, the Holiday Inn Select is very much an airport hotel, only about 15 minutes away from DFW. Flight crews were coming and going at all hours. It's much more reasonably priced than the hotels right at the airport, and the restaurant was suprisingly delicious! My spinach salad was emmense, with fresh tasty ingredients, and only $6.95!The hotel building itself is from another era, huge, sprawling and mazelike, with a giant lobby, resplendant in it's faded 1980s decor, which the lower floor rooms open up directly into. Besides the restaurant the lobby includes a bar, a nice workout room, and an indoor/outdoor pool. The rooms themselves, however, are another story. I checked out 3 different rooms before finally settling on the least of the evils. The first room was on the second floor and tho musty, would have been acceptable- execpt the entire ceiling was vibrating like a boom box car with frightening metallic bangs and thuds! I went back to the front desk, and after thourough interrogation the clerk finally revealed that there just might be a little construction going on on the third floor. She reluctantly gave me a key to another room (first floor) and upon opening the door- GOOD LORD! smelt like the mummy's tomb! A whole new dimension of stinky than I've ever experience before! Back down to the front desk.A different clerk was at the desk and he quickly turned over a third key, this time on the forth floor. This room not only had a fine view of the pool and fitness room, but had only a vague mildew and tobacco smell, which reminded me of my youth and was oddly comforting.The rooms itself was quite clean, altho there was all kinds of garbage and room service debris in the hallways. The beds were EXTREMELY comfortable, the bathroom large and inviting, with funny little affectations such as a mirror in the shower.All in all I had a charming time, in an Adam's Family kind of way.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	3	3	3	2	-1	

<Author>sra_traveler
<Content>Pleasant Experience, clean but hard to find Booked this for one night stay during road trip. Had a somewhat difficult time finding hotel because it's tucked between 2 freeways and lots of trees. Other than that, it was a very pleasant surprise considering the star level.Front desk was nice and professional. Room was roomy and very clean, internet connection worked well, beds were comfortable and floor wasn't noisy at all. Ordered room service med. pizza with 2 sodas for $9 bucks :) Plentiful and free parking.Would definately stay again.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>amandalynsmith
<Content>Great Stay Friendly Staff!!!! We got a great deal on this hotel through hotwire. We spent six nights there and were pleasantly surprised at the cleanliness and the friendliness of the staff. One night on our way back from the Texas Stadium, we became lost and we called the hotel asking for directions on how to get back and Adam was GREAT!!! He stayed on the phone with me until we were on the right freeway and almost to the hotel. This was a great hotel for the price and we will definitely stay there on our next trip to Dallas.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tdely
<Content>great stay We spent one night at this hotel after reading several reviews that were not so good. Worried about the hotel and the neighborhood after a car break in comment, I am happy to say that our stay was wonderful, the surrounding area around the hotel was nice, and the whole stay was great. We have nothing bad to say about this hotel. We frequently stay at holiday inns and this was a nice one.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Bruce RL
<Content>Great value, friendly staff, great mattress All staff members I dealt with were friendly and helpful. There are still some little things that need to be updated but overall the room was nicely redecorated, very clean, and quiet. The king mattress was wonderful, a nice blend of firmness and comfort. The restaurant menu is average, but the quality of the food was fine and the service was good. Amenities include an airline checkin PC in the lobby, which was useful. I will definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>VacationLover58
<Content>Excellant staff, nice hotel We stayed at the Holiday Inn North Dallas to go to see the Red Sox play the Rangers. We paid $50.00 a night through bidding on priceline. The room was a very simple room, two double beds, bathroom and television. The furniture was a bit old / worn but the room was very clean. The hotel really isn't in walking distance to anything so I would only recommend staying here if you have a car. Also, if you are playing to go to games at Arlington, it is about a 1/2 hour drive, or a very expensive cab ride. The staff was extremely polite and helpful, and I highly recommend the breakfast buffett which was 10 dollars (about) and had all the coffee and juices you wanted, along with a bar where they will make you fresh eggs, omlets, pancakes, and waffles, along with the usuals like fresh fruit, bagels, toast, bacon, sausage and poatotes. Also, you get 10% of all food at the hotel if you are a Priority Club member.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>Mylastduchess
<Content>NOT Recommended My husband and I will not be staying here again. Although finding the LBJ and the Galleria area in Dallas is not a problem, we called the toll-free number while in Dallas to get more specific directions to the hotel (giving the full address, etc.) and were given COMPLETELY INCORRECT directions. We were at the Galleria when we telephoned and were sent the opposite direction down the highway that we needed to go and told that we needed to get off at Exit #7 (when the correct exit is #25!). Needless to say, we got dreadfully lost and spent an hour and a half trying to find the hotel, battling Dallas rush-hour traffic, which we had specifically timed our arrival to avoid. We called the toll-free number again for the specific number to the hotel; we called it repeatedly, but no one answered. Finally, another person at the toll-free number was able to give us correct directions and we arrived at the hotel. We told the receptionist at check-in about our experience; she said that she would have the reservations manager contact us to apologize. Had we received such an apology, I probably would not be writing this review now, but we never heard anything further. Anyway, the receptionist told us our room number, gave us our key and a map to our room (#459) and explained how to get there. When we arrived, our key did not work, and we noticed that #132 was written on the envelope. So we had to drag all of our luggage back to reception (my husband had a sprained ankle, by the way), and were told that #132 was the correct room. On arriving in our room, we could hear EVERYTHING that the people in the next room were saying and doing. We rested for a while, went out to dinner (Lawry's is fantastic, by the way!), returned and went to bed. The people in the next room returned at 12:30 AM and proceeded to have a big fight. Then they proceeded to make up...very loudly. I would have no objection to any of this had not the walls been paper-thin. Also, the toilet started to run very louidly for no reason for about five minutes once every hour or so. What was supposed to be a relaxing weekend ended up being very stressful, solely because of hotel-related issues. Next time we will splurge and stay at the Adolphus.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2006
<Rating>1	3	1	3	3	2	3	-1	

<Author>TheDuskes
<Content>Super Nice place..BIG ROOMS!!! Nice place...very clean.Pool area is great for the kiddies.Lounge is nice and big with a few TV'sFree WI-Fi in the whole building...Room was super big (Ask for a corner King)Bed is really comfortable with 6 pillows.Bathroom has whirlpool jets but I'd never soak in there....I was upset with the room service adding 18% + 2.00 delivery and then you have to tip the waiter. C'est la vie....Paid 80.00 for this room and it was worth every cent.A couple of minutes from DFW and across the highway is a theater and some chain Restos.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Disappointing We were sorely disappointed. The photos  virtual tour online are not accurate. I even had called the hotel before I booked the room to verify that the suite had a separate room for the bedroom  2 people told me it did. However when we arrived we got a 1 room suite  were told what we were looking for did not exist. In addition to having the hotel misrepresented  seemingly no one cared, our heater was broken in our room. After calling the desk 2 times about it (1 time I was hung up on) they sent someone to look at it. This took over 1/2 hour. He left saying he was going to go get some part for it  it would be 20 min or so. I called the desk again  we were moved to another room. This took longer than appreciated as well.After getting settled in our room we went to the pool area to enjoy the whirlpool. It does not function properly. It simply bubbled up the sides while blowing cold water into it. Also the timer did not work.Dinner was ok.The in room movie prices are outrageous. It is cheaper to go to the cinema.Breakfast was met with a rude hostess informing us the breakfast buffet was not available. I had read the inroom info, but she did not care. Perhaps I got it wrong - but isn't the customer suppose to be treated courteously? Our waitress however was very nice  attentive  the food was good.Sincerely sorry to have stayed there  
<Date>Feb 24, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Horrible My company sent me to Dallas to teach a class on our product. Months before we had reserved two rooms and a conference room for two days. When we arrived at the hotel we were told that our rooms were unavailable and they shipped us off to a Best Western for the night. The front desk was beyond uncaring.The conference room the next morning was not cleaned from the previous company that had rented it. The tablecloths had crumbs of food all and stains all over them. It was disgusting.There are over 350 rooms in this hotel and one washer and dryer. This is not very conducive to staying longer than a few days. The food is horrible and expensive even for hotel fare. There is an indoor/outdoor pool that causes the bar area to smell badly of chlorine (mainly, I think, because the lack air-conditioning in the halls of the hotel.)You could hear most anything that went on in the halls at night. Throughout the issues we had with the conference room, the front desk only seemed terribly bothered to have to listen to us. Several of the people who traveled to Dallas for our class had the same to report. All in all a terrible Hotel.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2005
<Rating>1	1	3	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful and very clean hotel! We absolutely loved this hotel! It was beautiful and exceptionally clean...the room we stayed in was large and beautifully decorated. We stayed here for two nights and enjoyed every minute of it! It was a steal at $50/night on Priceline. The staff was very helpful and friendly. The only fault is that it could have had a complimentary breakfast or offered a voucher for free breakfast like the Omni does. The restaurant inside is lovely, but a bit pricey for a family on vacation. For our winter vacation, we will definitely stay at this hotel again!  
<Date>Jun 29, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

