<Author>TeWe
<Content>Nice hotel - Attitude problem at front desk I totally agree with the previous poster.Not much to add, we must have checked in with the same person at the front desk at night because the experience was the same. We had asked for a room as high as possible months earlier and what we received was one on the fourth floor, which disappointed our kids quite a lot. When I commented about this to the lady ay the front desk the reply was like listening to a tape recording: We try to listen to our customers requests but sometimes this is not possible, you can try to change after New Year. That's it.The room in itself was very nice, nothing to complain. A few more shelves for storage of clothes would have been nice though.Can't say we enjoyed the breakfast very much as it mostly consisted of pastries. We didn't see any bread or cereals.Taking these issues into consideration I could still consider staying here again. After all the price was very decent and hopefully the other issues would be better at another time.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2009
<Rating>2	3	4	4	4	1	1	-1	

<Author>jogeba
<Content>Good location, great value but poor welcome! We stayed at the Grosvenor between Christmas and New Year in a one bedroom suite on the nineteenth floor with two queen beds in the bedroom and a sofa bed in the living room. We were travelling from New York and rang ahead to let the Hotel know that we wouldn't be ariving until around 10pm. Our welcome on arrival was bereft of any warmth to say the least. An extremely surly front desk employee signed us in and her manner was such that we were made to feel more like an impositon than guests. As there seemed to be no porters to help with our luggage and in the absence of any suggestions from Miss Surly we comandered a dormant porters trolley to get our luggage to our room after having already carried it. up stairs from the street to reception. Fortunately other staff we encountered during our stay were more helpful. The room and facilities were dated but adequate for our family's needs. The single bathroom was tiny but functional, there was a television in the living room and small kitchenette with full size fridge, oven/hotplates and microwave. The room provided some nice views over the bay and would benefit from having a second tv in the bedroom. A complimentary continental breakfast is available each morning and provides a good selection of cereals, breads, pastries, coffee and teas.The hotel is located at the corner of Pine and Mason Streets just below the top of Nob Hill. This is an excellent location for getting down to Union Square and Market Street and there is a cable car stop less than a block away at the corner of Pine and Powell Streets. You can also catch the cable car from here to the Fisherman's Wharf area. There are also plenty of cafes and good restaurants within a short walk of the hotel.As for the $$$ the Grosvenor is excellent value and despite the welcome we received we are happy to recommend it particularly to travelling families.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2009
<Rating>3	4	2	4	3	1	2	3	

<Author>SmartTraveller
<Content>Tired and dated but good value for money in expensive SFO I stayed for 7 days while attending a conference at the Moscone Center.The Grosvenor suits in a in fabulous location on Nob Hill. Safe neighbourhood and only a block to a cable car line, a 6 minute walk downhill to Union Square and about 15 minutes to the Moscone Center.It is certainly tired and somewhat shabby but still decent. Decor was once very nice but now dated. Suites are serviced daily, the kitchen cabinetry has been updated even though the stove is old. Kitchens have a full size fridge. The kitchen was very poorly equipped with only one very large saucepan and fry pan - and only a few utensils so any serious meal preparation was not practical.The weather was mild during my stay which was fortunate as there was NO airconditioning and the baseboard heating looked as though it probably didnt function. There was a pedestal fan in the hall cupboard.Staff were very helpful and friendly. I didnt partake of the continental breakfast so cant comment.The basement has a row of new  clean commercial washing and drying machines. Very reasonable rates for using these machines. There are also snack vending machines down thereThe other advantage is that it has plenty of off street PARKING. $35,00 per day but worth it in this city where parking is very difficult in most areas.Would I stay there again? Most likely - if it wasnt high summer or mid winter. Despite its drawbacks, I thought it good value in an expensive city.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2008
<Rating>4	3	2	4	3	3	4	3	

<Author>gettyfan
<Content>Great Location, great staff I have just returned from a 13 night stay at the Grosvenor, and couldn't recommend it highly enough.The location is perfect, handy to everything in San Francisco; views are fantastic and rooms are fitted out to a very high standard and excellent value for money. Their was no air-conditioning in my room, which might be a problem at some times of the year. The staff (particularly John and Tony) are exceptional, friendly and (with the exception of one night clerk) went out of their way to help me. If I had one gripe it would be that while the rooms do have a kitchenette with full-size fridge and cofee maker, the only cooking facility is a microwave, meaning I couldn't take advantage of the great produce at the Ferry Terminal farmers market. Book through the hotel's internet site rather than any of the third party sites if you're staying for longer than 7 days for their discount.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Caramelboo
<Content>Would stay here again Just got back from SF. I stayed at the Grosvenor Suites downtown. It is centrally located near Union Square, Chinatown, and the Cable Cars. I recommend taking a taxi or cable car (if you don't have luggage) to get to the hotel since the walk up Powell is steep. Other than that, check-in went smooth. The guy who checked me in was very nice and made sure to book me a room with a view. I got a corner room on the eighth floor with a fantastic view. The room itself was very spacious. There is no air conditioning or heat in the room. It was hot when I arrived, so I opened the sliding glass door. They also have a tall fan in the closet that I used to cool things down. The bed was quite comfortable since I slept very well. It was not very noisy outside unless you open your sliding glass door. But once it was shut, it kept out most of the noise. I mostly heard a few car horns, some sirens, and the ding of the cable car, but it did not wake me up in the middle of the night. The furniture was a bit dated, but decent. The kitchen and bathroom had granite countertops. A few dishes, silverware, and pots and pans were provided, but I only used a plate and knife, which I made sure to wash. The stove/oven was outdated, but I made good use of the oven and it worked well. The bathroom was small, but it served its purpose. I did not like that there was not much counter space in the bathroom and the shower head is pretty low if you are tall. But it worked.The tv was another complaint. Some channels did not show up in the lineup and I had to manually punch those channels into the remote. A few channels were not very clear. The remote itself did not have an on button, only an off button, which I found odd. I had to get up to turn on the tv. Continental breakfast was decent. Nothing fancy. Just juices, coffee, bagels, cereal, etc. A computer is provided for your use, as well as an ATM machine, a laundry room, and snack/drink/ice machines. I did not like going down to the level where the snack machines were. Seemed a bit dark, like in a basement and I felt a little uncomfortable down there. The laundry room is also located on that level.Other than a few minor issues, I would stay here again. It was priced well and if you book online, you can get daily rebates, which saves you more money. It is a great place to stay if you are on a budget and want to be close to places like Union Square.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kembara
<Content>Enjoyed our stay My husband  I stayed here for 4 nights after a tedious 2-week package tour where we have to check in/out of hotel room almost everyday. We needed a hotel with lots of space, finally able to have some own cooked food, comfortable and not too far from U.Sq  Chinatown. Grosvenor Suite was a great choice. There's lot of storage space - too much in fact unless you plan to stay for months, clean  good firm beds. Staff were very friendly and helpful. Continential breakfast was much better than other hotels that we have been to. Downside was the bathroom a tad small and also the storage area in our bathroom smell musty as it was hardly used  no ventilation. Yeah, it's a bit old and worn but we have no complain on that as the whole place is still very well taken care off.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>cheshirecaz59
<Content>Space and great views but wouldnt stay again I booked this because we needed a cost efficeint place to stay as a couple with our grown up son on a short sightseeing trip to SF between visiting friends in Sonoma and travelling on to Charlston for a conference. Our primary concerns for this trip was that the hotel be cheap and spacious with a safe location close to the action and that is exactly what we got. The bonus was that the views from the 14th floor suite were brilliant , our son didnt close the curtains so he could fall asleep looking at beautiful S F twinkling below and listening to the Cable cars bells.... a truly unique experience we couldnt have had in lots of other nicer , pricey hotels. Given that bonus, and that it full filled our needs I feel bad about saying anything negative about the place , but we have to be honest on these reviews so that others can benefit from the comments and make an informed decision... so here goes.I found the place a bit seedy to be honest with some worrying safety issues. I expected dated and that was not a problem for me, older worn furniture was what I expected , but the level of maintaninence was what let the place down badly. The paintwork was chipped , walls marked, stained carpets, and a general sad air of disrepair prevailed about the place, some of it went beyond cosmetic being serious safety issues.The windows are single glazed with aluminium frames that actually opened which is needed as the place got really hot and no air con. Our smaller opening windows on the 14th floor were broken and just about hanging in there, god help anyone below when they eventually do break and the large shards fall 14 floors down. The smell in the corridors was not good, mainly from cooking odours I think, however our corner suite got the sun more or less all day and this warmed up the vinyl coating on the curtain linings and gave off a horrible toxic plastic smell that made me feel ill. The breakfast was a grab and go affair really as there was not enough seating to stay , so I just took the mugs from the room down and loaded upa a tray with coffee, juice and muffins. You have to stand and tell the lady behind the pastry counter what you want, she was very surly, never smiled and you felt like she begrudged you every item you took, not good.Staff on the front desk were Ok , some better than others.but at least it was always manned and they helped with taxis and directions with efficiency.Location not good if you have mobility issues , but then San Francisco is very hilly so I think you have to accept that and the walk down to Union Sq was easy as it was all downhill ad took about 6 mins.Just one thing I wish I had known , you can buy an all day pass on the Cable cars for $11 dollars. We bought $5 single tickets not realising , and I think this would be a fun thing to do staying at the Grosvenor as you could have a pretty good sighseeing tour of the city just using the CC's from this location.Best experience , Alcatraz night tour and wondering aroound the Hyde pier and along the beach at Aqua Park on a sunny afternoon, then over to the Chocolate place at Ghiradelli Square for an Ice cream sundae.Have fun.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	2	4	3	3	3	4	

<Author>cat7104
<Content>Can't believe anyone gives this place 4 stars Do not be deceived by the web site photos. I thought this place was a dump, and not a good value. The staff checking us in was incompetent (took forever to check us in, didn't have any record of the car we'd arranged for the next day and couldn't answer any questions - you'll have to speak to management in the morning), the room furnishings were old and cheap, the bed sagged, the room smelled like stale smoke (despite the fact that it was supposed to be a non-smoking room), the toilet flushed or didn't depending on its mood, and the shower head was set at the level of my chin. I was supposed to be at the Grosvenor for 2 nights but fled after the first. Booked a cheapy last-minute stay for only $40 more at the wonderful Orchards Gardens Hotel.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2008
<Rating>1	2	1	4	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>NB329
<Content>Convenient, yes; attractive, no. . . My husband and I stayed at the Grosvenor Suites for four nights, November 5 鈥?9. We had a very spacious room on the 11th floor with a great view of the TransAmerica building. The room was a bit odd, but I really can鈥檛 say anything bad about it. There was a large bedroom, a small bathroom and a large living room area with a dining table for four and a fully functional kitchenette. The rooms were all very clean and comfortable. The bed was very comfortable and there were two dressers and three large closets. They serve a continental breakfast in a small room on the lobby level. The coffee was not very good, but they had a variety of juices, tea and pastry, donuts, bagels and cereal; a nice convenience for those who want to grab a quick bite and go. I would recommend the Grosvenor Suites to business travelers or those who plan on spending a majority of their time out and about. My husband easily accessed the BART system to several business meetings in Walnut Creek by walking down a few blocks to the station in Union Square (the walk back up to the hotel was a true San Francisco experience.) The hotel was by no means cozy, charming or particularly attractive; but its convenient location and room rates cannot be beat.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	5	3	3	3	3	

<Author>3kids2kauai
<Content>good value for the location Just returned from a 3 night stay at the Grosvenor Suites on Nob Hill. We asked for and were give a corner view room. I booked it online directly with them. It was a large suite with lots of closet space. A small kitchenette was nice to have. The carpets were really dirty and I made my kids were socks or slippers all the time. The views were great, we had a small (scary) balcony that we didn't let the kids on. 2 queens in the bedroom and a pull out sofa in the living room. Room 1511.  I hadn't seen this mentioned on any other reviews, but the bathroom was TINY! I had to walk all the way in and then turn around to close the door. The shower was short (a major peeve of mine at 5'10). The heat (baseboard heaters) must have been on some sort of timer, every night they came on and were full force. We had the windows open every night. When we told the front desk, he just shrugged at me. I left a note for housekeeping and it was off when we got back in the late afternoon, but back on after we got back from dinner. The location is great...downhill to Union Square, but you can jump on a cable car to get back. We took several cabs, which were way cheaper than the 5 of us going by cable car. ($5 each one way) We did get a couple of complimentary rides on the CC's. I booked online and got a total of $70 off for an online rebate for the room.Secured parking behind the hotel was nice and at $35 night was a little less than the other hotels. Decent continental breakfast.If you go to the Academy of Sciences...buy your tickets online, go early and get your planetarium and 3D show time tickets as soon as you get in. If you have more than one adult...send one to get in line for the rain forest, one to the planetarium and one to the 3D. It was crazy busy on 11/10/08. Worth the waits, but will be much easier to navigate when the crowds die down.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	3	3	4	

<Author>flydriver
<Content>Great Location We stayed for 4 nights at the Grosvenor Apartments. Had asked for a room with good view but unfortunately we didn't get this. However, the room was spacious and the beds very comfortable. The apartments are looking a bit tired and dated and could do with some renovation but they are clean and you can't fault the location. Iron, hairdryer, t.v. etc is provided. Perfectly situated for sightseeing.The complimentary breakfast is basic - cereal, bagels and pastries etc but adequate.The staff are helpful and friendly, quickly found cab for us when required. Internet access in the lobby is free.If we return to San Francisco we would definitely stay at the Grosvenor Suites.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	3	5	

<Author>clarkesAustralia
<Content>One of the bests Fantastic. My family and I stayed there for a week. Spacious, great views, value for money, excellent and friendly service, great location. has a kitchen and 2 TVS.What else can you ask for?The Clarkes from Australia  
<Date>Nov 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lasvegaskingandqueen
<Content>Nice area Stayed here for 5 days on our trip to california. Good location in Nob-Hill which is an affluent area of san fran-certainly never felt threatened in this area, a concern on some other trip advisor reports of other hotels we looked at before booking. Rooms are a bit dated, however we didn't go to sit on our hotel! Found it a good base for our stay, room offered all normal hotel things, i.e. tv, iron, hair dryer, fresh towels daily etc + also gave free internet access. Breakfast was basic coffee and pastries, although if you didn't make it early enough the pastries would be gone. We absolutely loved San Fran-loads of touristy things to do + see, wine tasting, open top bus tour, walking tour, trip to yosemite, pier 39 (defo try clam chowder mmmmm), alcatraz, great shopping, chinatown etc etc etc Just never had enough time to do it all so hope to return and would certainly stay in grosvenor suites again. Try Loris' Diner round corner and 2 blocks down towards union sq for authentic american breakfast and for a nice touch try a drink at Mark Hopkins International Hotel opposite on the top floor with lovely city views!!  
<Date>Oct 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>amart
<Content>Dated, but of good value 5 of us stayed on the 15th floor, corner (1503) with 2 queens and a sofa bed. I was a bit dismayed by the drabness of the rooms and dirty carpet, but praise the location, the view, the helpfullness of the staff, the spaciousness of the living room, the full kitchen/dining area and the view, the view and the view. We had very warm days and cool nights, so found it nice at night, in spite of the city noise-loved to hear the cable car bell. The Powell (Hyde or Mason) Cable car stop is a block down a decent hill and the Mark Hopkins is directly across the street up a very steep hill. It costs about $8+ for a taxi from the Wharf and about $40-45 to the airport. You are 5 minutes away from Sears (for breakfast, even during lunch) and the shopping at Union Sq. and about the same from Chinatown. The wharf is better reached via Cable Car, trolley (from Powell/Market), taxi or bus. It is very doable (no hills) by walking to Chinatown, then through little Italy, but can be long. Our stay, with the on-line rebate averaged $200 a night, a steal in this city. I wish it had been better updated, the carpet scared me. I would recommend to families on a budget who want to stay on Nob Hill. The kitchen was great for bringing back cracked crabs and enjoying them in the room.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	2	5	2	5	5	3	

<Author>Route66guys
<Content>Good place for the value Staff was friendly, rooms pretty clean. They have a free hot breakfast for staying with them which was really nice. Had no issues, close enough to SF to save money staying outside of the city.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>nzers
<Content>Fantastic Value, great to have extra space.       Kitchenette  
<Date>Oct 22, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>VincentMillayNY
<Content>love the grosvenor The staff are friendly and helpful. We had a lovely huge room with a kitchenette and a view of SF. A great value for the money.They had a great deal for reserving on their site.Only one criticism: although the coffee was excellent, the breakfast could use some updating - they do not have healthy suggestions.One caution: this hotel is on top of a very steep hill.We definately would stay there again.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Roopks
<Content>Great location with precious space in SFO We stayed for 4 nights 11-15 OCT in a 1 BR apt. 18th Floor and had a smooth stay. Great views of the bay. We were lucky that it was fleet week and could see the aircrafts zoom past from our window, not to mention the fireworks at night! Agreed that the bathroom was small but that is a small price to pay for its fantastic location. After hearing all sorts of stories about so many locations, this was was perfect. Situated a block from the Intercon / Fairmont on nob hill, posh area, we felt safe and could walk to china town/union square etc. Agreed that the hotel is on a slope and the upward walk can be hard, but only if you have any knee probs. Overall a good choice, especially if with family. We like spacious rooms so this was a treat. The breakfast could do with a few additions but for a start its not bad. We saw people Q-ing up for BF on the restaurants rond the corner so whatever little we got, was sufficient to kick start yoyur day. The rooms were clean and the reception staff was friendly. The tram is also round the corner to take you to the wharf/union Sq. I would defi recomend this place for a central location and the luxury of space for the price it charges! We would defi stay there whenever we go back to SFO! Do keep a map with you and know your surroundings as it all depends on what you a re looking for. The wharf was so crowded and touristy, so this area was good for us.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>SydneyMum3
<Content>See San Francisco and get fit at the same time! We stayed at Grosvenor Suites for 7 nights in early Oct 2008 - family with 3 girls aged 13, 11  10. The location was great, being close to Westfield, the Bart and many bus stops to Fisherman's Wharf. We enjoyed cheap and cheerful meals at Chinatown for dinner (3 nights) and on another 2 nights even bought takeaway roast pork, rice and soy chicken (and cooked our own vegies also bought in Chinatown) back to the hotel for dinner. The hotel is on a steep hill (particularly the last 2 blocks) and gives you a great workout whenever you return. I found that I could run from Nordstroms at Westfield back to Grosvenor Suites in 13 minutes by the end of the week. (Still, I was late meeting the tribe by the promised time because there was just sooo much shopping to be done).The decor is a little dated, but everything was generally clean, except the vent over the stove. With our family of 5, we fit comfortably into the one bedroom suite. Hubby drew the short straw and slept on the sofa bed, which he did not find comfortable.The rest of us slept soundly on the 2 queen beds in the bedroom. We had a corner suite on Level 15 with a view of Transamerica Tower, with microwave, stove and large fridge. There was crockery and cutlery for 4 and basic pots, pans and utensils. The room was also relatively quiet, considering the city location, except for the one-off siren and the gentle tinkle of the cable cars in the night one block away.The staff were friendly and helpful. The manager kindly offered to call our bus when he saw us waiting at the door for our tour bus. Breakfast consisted of cereal boxes, bagels, danishes, tea, coffe and juices. The breakfast room only seated about 12 people, so sometimes we had breakfast to go and ate in our suite. We booked our suite throught the hotel website and receive an online rebate which basically covered the tax on the accommodation with about $20 to spare.Good value, family-friendly, great location, and a free workout to burn off the carbs - what more can you ask for?  
<Date>Oct 13, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	4	5	

<Author>Fabthree
<Content>Fantastic place to stay We stayed in a one bedroom suite with our teenage son and were upgraded upon check-in to a corner suite on the 18th floor - two lots of friends who stayed here since then were also upgraded on arrival. The location is excellent, the service friendly and the rooms spacious and although a little dated, very comfortable indeed, with a balcony and good views. A computer with free internet access behind Reception was a bonus. We walked to most places and there are some great little restaurants and bars within easy walking distance to the Grosvenor. Would definitely stay here again and am recommending this hotel to all our friends.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Kiwimumx1
<Content>Great Value for Money We spent 3 nights at the Grosvenor Suites in a 1 bedroom apartment in September. We booked this stay on the Grosvenor website which offered a rebate for booking on line. We had a corner suite and the view of the city was great. The suite had a kitchenette with microwave, oven, full fridge, etc. Although the decor was a little dated the suite was clean and had everything we needed. For what we paid we were really pleased with the standard of the suite.There was also a free Continental breakfast each morning which was good. The breakfast room is a bit small so we would get a tray and take it back to the room. The location was also great. Near two cable car lines and within walking distance to ChinaTown and Union Square (it is a bit of a climb on the way back!).I would really recommend the Grosvenor Suites and would stay again if I ever got the chance to get back to San Francisco.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Weekend_getaways
<Content>Great value for money in fantastic location.       View from Balcony, red banner is Macys in Union Square  
<Date>Sep 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>davenrich
<Content>Home away from home! I often visit SF with friends and family for various reasons. One of them is for fun and shopping! Last week I stayed at the Grosvenor Suites with two girlfriends for this reason. I am always looking for a comfortable, well located, reasonably priced, clean and safe place to stay in the city. I hate spending too much because I am out all day but want a nice place to return to at night. Grosvenor Suites fit that bill. Staff was extremely friendly, parking (though pricy) was on site and safe, our large suite had all the comforts of home. A little worn but very very clean and comfortable. Our view out of our corner suite was fabulous. We had a kitchenette with m/w, oven, full fridge, etc. Continental breakfast was adequate but fresh. There is basically no lobby to lounge around in or onsite bar and restaurant but you can order food in from somewhere closeby. I would definately recommend this place and will return soon.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>heather099
<Content>Good Value for the money We stayed here with our 3 small children in a 1 bedroom suite.This is a good value hotel for the money.Yes, it is in need of some updates (and the curtains need cleaning), but overall it does the job.Great location, very clean, maid service was great, free breakfast,free internet,kitchenettes and there is a great pizza/pasta place on the next block (recommended to us by the staff).The staff were excellant except the 2 girls on the afternoon/evening, who were treated us like we were a total inconvenience, that would be my only gripe.Overall, a pleasant stay,would stay here again.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>SusanD55
<Content>Hidden gem in San Francisco My husband and I stayed here for 10 days in early August and had a wonderful experience. The staff is extraordinarily friendly and helpful. We had a great room with a balcony and a superb view of the city. Although it is much more like a European hotel (small and intimate), it was a perfect location on the top of Nob Hill (right across the street from the Mark Hopkins Intercontinental) and a great value for the money. Check their web site for an Internet rebate! We will definitely be back!  
<Date>Aug 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>dgurich
<Content>Great Stay - Perfect Location My family and I (2 adults, 2 young children) stayed for 5 days/4 nights in early August 2008. We had a wonderful stay. By far, the best features of this hotel are its location and the incredible views (it's a tall building near the top of Nob Hill).The location is perfect -- just one block from two cable car routes, only a short walk to Union Square, and only a short walk to Chinatown. We loved being in the middle of everything -- it was very convenient. The views were spectacular -- we had great views of Coit tower and the Transamerica building.We stayed in a one-bedroom suite. It had a nice kitchenette -- full sized refrigerator, stove, microwave oven, all the plates/glasses/utensils you would need. The unit was spacious. In addition to the bedroom and kitchen, there was a living area and a dining area. The rooms could use a little renovating, but it wasn't that bad. We were very happy with them.The continental breakfast was good -- bagels, pastries, donuts, cereal, coffee, juice. The wireless Internet worked great. The parking, while expensive ($35/day), was very easy and convenient. The staff was very friendly.Overall, we had great stay and would definitely recommend it.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>3DCtraveler
<Content>Recommended, but not for business travelers I stayed here on a brief business trip after reading a lot of positive reviews online. I'm sure this hotel is fine for vacationers: the rooms are ok (especially the kitchenettes), the location is pretty good, and the staff are helpful. However, I don't recommend it for those who need to come back in the evenings and work on their computer. The lighting in the rooms is even dimmer than the hotel norm, and the wireless internet mostly non-existent (at least while I was staying). It just isn't worth it.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	2	4	1	

<Author>JonathonP
<Content>Great location, good service, but very dated We stayed there for 3 nights recently. We specifically chose this property as we were travelling with our 5 month old son so the in room kitchen facilities were useful. The only negative I have is the decor - still in its 1970s-style and our room wasn't particularly well maintained. A conduit covering was hanging off the wall and had clearly been that way for a while. On the plus side, the location is excellent, although the walk from Union Square gives your legs a great workout. Staff were fine, there's a useful laundry in the basement and the views are great. The bed was big and comfortable, very useful as we'd just arrived from Australia and were jetlagged. It was also very quiet within the hotel, the only sounds coming from the street outside, but the corner of Mason and Pine is actually a very quiet bit of Nob Hill.We had arranged for a child seat we bought on line to be delivered to the hotel, and the hotel handled this well, delivering it to our room when it arrived at the hotel.Overall, I'd probably still recommend Grosvenor Suites, as long as you're not expecting a flash new interior.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	3	4	3	

<Author>alwaysmoving
<Content>Really mixed feelings about the Grosvenor Suites I can honestly say that I have never had such mixed feelings about any place my family has visited. There is so much about the Grosvenor that is simply 5 star: unbelievable views that any top of the line hotel would die for; nice layout of a small one bedroom apartment that was more than spacious for three of us; some tasteful updates like granite and modern fixtures in the very small bathroom; a fabulous location that really makes it easy to take advantage of everything San Francisco offers. And then there are some things that are strictly 1 star: chipped paint on window sills that have been repaired with mismatched paint; a crack in the window; tears in the linings of drapes; grimy door and window jambs; piled on grease on the exhaust fan in the kitchenette (so much that I wouldn't use the rangetop); a really suspect bedspread; broken heating covers. If it had not been for the 5 star elements, we would have checked out instantly. Gratefully, Housekeeping did an awesome job with daily cleaning, but really basic, quality maintenance is needed. Another reviewer said that this is not a luxury hotel and that is right on the money. The lovely rooms shown on their website are long term rentals only so be prepared for something less. If the units are maintained as they should be, there is no question that the Grosvernor Suites would be the best deal in town. I guess the bottom line is: would we stay again? ONLY if I researched all other options, and had the assurance from management that we would once again have the incredible views that make up for the inside of the unit.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	4	3	3	

<Author>mrobert26
<Content>Incredible Value We just returned from our California/ Nevada vacation and spent 3 nights at the Grosvenor Suites. I cannot reccomend this place enough. We had a HUGE one bedroom suite (3 adults, 2 kids) with the most incredible views of San Francisco from the top of Nob Hill. The Living Room had windows on 2 sides that looked out to the water and down the hill to some beautiful churches, as well as the TransAmerica Building. Better views (IMO) then from the Top Of The Mark accross the street. We had a kitchenette that we used to store our wine, cheese, snacks and additional breakfast items to supplement the free breakfast provided buy the hotel. The hotel staff was very accomodating with extra requests for towels etc.. Parking was 35.00 a day but that's about average for San Francisco. Cable Cars are located at the corner making life very convenient. Wish the bathroom was bigger but other then that a great, great value. I will definitely stay here again...it was like having our own private apartment in the city.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>karenpStLouis
<Content>Grosvenor Suites-Everything I expected I just returned from a 4 night stay at the Grosvenor Suites. We arrived early at noon and was told our room was ready so we could check in! We were so happy with the size of the room. We had a one room suite, which consisted of a separate bedroom, full kitchen/ living/dining room areas surrounded by windows! We were on the 17th floor with a spectacular view! Everyone was so nice and helpful with directions, recommendations, etc.We are at Uncle Vitos around the corner for lunch. We called in for delivery from Pronto Pizza one night. Both were very reasonable!It was a wonderful location. One block to the cable cars, 2 blocks to Walgreens, one block to the market, short walking distance to Chinatown...One night we ventured over to The Top of the Mark for a drink! What a view that is!Took the cable cars and busses everywhere except for a Saturday night coming back from the Wharf, the cable cars were packed so we ended up walking all the way back! Only a couple tough hills! Take your time and you can do it!!Good to have breakfast included! Not nothing huge, but enough to get you going for the day!Got a great price for a great room! Would stay here for sure if I ever make it back to San Francisco!  
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>pittsburghsams
<Content>Great Location Geat Price Great Breakfast We stayed at the Grosevnor Suites in the Spring of 2004 with a group of friends. We were very pleased with our experience. The hotel is located in a great location right on the cable car line in the Nob Hill area of town inbetween Union Sqaure and Fisherman's Warf. The continental breakfasts were superb! The rooms were large and even included a kitchen that we didn't use. In the Spring the price and location couldn't be beat, though in the Summer when the cable cars are a lot more crowded it may take longer to get places but walking is always an option! Don't miss the Nob Hill Cafe just a couple blocks away - amazing restaurant that is super popular with the locals so arrive by 5 or be prepared to wait - but its worth it!!  
<Date>Jun 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	5	3	-1	

<Author>acousticate
<Content>More than we wanted! We were sooooooo impressed with Grosvenor. Maybe it's because I knew big cities like San Francisco don't lend well to large hotel rooms. Whatever the reason, we thought Grosvenor Suites were exactly what we wanted and more.We got the smallest room and were still incredibly impressed by the size of the room. For a San Francisco mid-range hotel, this place has spacious rooms! The kitchen made our place really feel like home. And, we had TONS of closet space that was quite nice. Everything we needed - iron/ironing board, hair dryer, coffee pot, cooking utensils, eating utensils, etc. - we found easily in our room. The bed was comfortable. And, the view was so great.Service was good. We were greeted kindly upon arrival. The staff was friendly and the guy who checked us in even told us he would try and get us a great view, which he did. Any questions we had, though there weren't many, were quickly and effortless answered. Breakfast was pretty much your standard fare and was nothing impressive, but I never really include that meal in my stay anyhow.The location was possibly the best thing about this place, and that says a lot since we loved everything else. It was literally a block from the top of Nob Hill. This made it easy for us to walk to many of the major tourist attractions like Fisherman's Wharf and Union Square. There is also three cable car stops nearby (like one block!) and I believe other public transportation too.We were so very impressed with our stay. We will be recommending this gem to everyone we know and staying there on our next visit as well.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	3	

<Author>Scooter1203
<Content>Highly Recommend! Online registration on their website was easy, and they offer a great discount. When we got there, someone came out right away to help us with our luggage. Check-in was a breeze, and the room was clean with a spectacular view of the city. We even got the type of room we had requested. What's even better is that they offer free breakfast, free WiFi, computer and printer use, six washers and four dryers (bring quarters), snack and soda machines, and the friendliest front desk staff 24/7. The location was great. The California and Powell cable cars are a block away so we bought the 3-day Muni pass for $18 ea. and caught the cable cars to get around. The weather was perfect and we ended up walking to Union Square several times and found some great restaurants along the way. The room has a kitchenette and refrigerator which were perfect for our leftovers and late night snacks. Even had a dining table and a comfortable couch. Loved this place!  
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Carismea
<Content>Grosvenor was great! I stayed at the Grosvenor Suites with my husband and 3yr old daughter for 3 nights - March 24 -26. Rooms:The hotel decor is a bit on the old side - it's not a luxury hotel, but rather it's an affordable and basic option. The kitchenette that came in each room was great! With a young child, it was a nice option to have. The rooms were very spacious - probably the largest room I've stayed in SF. We had a nice territorial view of Nob Hill.Breakfast:The continental breakfast was great and served in a sunny room. There were bagels, pastries, muffins, fruit and cereal. The coffee was standard-issue, but there was a nice selection of juice. The server who oversees the breakfast didn't even mind that we loaded up on goodies and took it to our room. Location:The location was great! Just 3 blocks and we were in the action of Union Square. The cable car stopped just 1/2 block away. However: BE WARNED: The hotel is up on two VERY steep hills. From Union Square you will be huffing and puffing your way up. (Hence Nob HILL).Staff:Friendly. No problems checking in or anything.Misc: My husband is a much picky-er traveler than I am. He was pleased with this place. The only complaint he had is one of our neighbors was cooking something very pungent and the smell wafted into our room. It was easily remedied by opening a window... not a biggie. Overall we were really pleased with our choice and would stay here again! A GREAT place for families with kids who want a spacious room with kitchenette - just be prepared for the hills.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>laurenstar
<Content>Great Find in San Fran --- with an even better view from the room! On top of a HUGE hill in the Nob Hill neighborhood, sits a gem of a hotel. Upon walking in we were helped right away and our bags were stored until we could check in. We were told we had a room on floor 18 --- just want I had asked for when reserving --- a room on a high floor. After entering the room, we were amazed by the fantastic view from the window/balcony! Definitely a plus (and even better that they actually fulfilled what I had asked for when reserving). Anyway, here is a list of the pros and cons:Pros:-Great location near cable cars which hook you up to bus lines and the Bart.-Friendly staff/easy check in - stored bags-Immaculate rooms (I even took a peek behind the dresser and there wasn't a speck of dirt)-Rooms come with kitchenettes -- sure you're not going to cook a gourmet meal while in San Fran, but it's nice to have a fridge and microwave, as well as a stove to heat up water for tea.-THE VIEW!!! You must ask for a room on a high floor with a view. It's a MUST!!Cons:-No Wireless Internet (after purchasing a new computer the day before check in I was bummed to find out I couldn't research places in San Fran from my room. There is a complimentary computer in the lobby, but I didn't take advantage of it)-Pillows - They were a little too hard for me, but oh well.-Breakfast - The woman who runs the breakfast room is a doll, but the choices weren't very healthy --- carb concious people beware --- lots of pastries and muffins!! The muffins, etc.... were fine and actually provided a lot of energy for the walks up and down the huge hills.And one last word of advice.....My partner and I came in from SFO on the Bart and got let out at Union Square. I was told we could not bring luggage on the cable car, so instead of getting a cab....we WALKED up the hill(s) to the hotel. It was trek, but an adventure in itself. We were left winded, but happy to be in San Fran! So I suggest getting a cab if you can't walk up the hill(s) --- your knees will thank you!I will definitely be back!  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>izsmom
<Content>Grosvenor Suites is wonderful!!! We just return from a wonderful stay at the Grosvenor Suites in San Francisco. At check-in we were pleasantly surprised that they upgraded our room to a two-bedroom suite. It was great! It was so huge and such a nice change from some of the hotels we stayed at on our 11 day road trip from The Bay Area to LA and back. The suite was clean and spacious and it was nice to have a kitchenette in the room. The staff (from the front desk personnel to the housekeepers and maintenance workers) were all so very helpful and polite. The property is also conveniently located on Nob Hill, within walking distance to Union Square and Chinatown. The cablecar stop is just one street down from the property and while we were there we were able to catch it down to Fisherman's Wharf and back.The complimentary continental breakfast was delicious - they offered pastries, muffins, bagels, fruits, cereal, milk, juice, and coffee.We will definitely stay here again and will be recommending this place to our family and friends.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>MusicCityTravelers
<Content>Rave Reviews for the Grosvenor Suites- They Do It Right! We had a terrific stay recently (March 2008) at the Grosvenor Suites. Staff- friendly and responsive, room-neat and very clean, location is perfect for San Francisco! Loved the nearby park at Nob Hill by Grace Cathedral- lovely place to sit after a cable car ride. Close to a 24 hrs Walgreens, loved eating at Rue L'Epic, Mozart Cafe, Uncle Vitos right in the neighborhood- one block radius. We will definitely stay here again- not a single negative to report and we are seasoned travelers! Price was excellent for quality we got! I definitely highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Shoshi28
<Content>Great Value - Excellent Location We stayed at this hotel recently and had a fantastic time. Location is great, within walking distance of Union Sq. and one block from cable cars. The rooms are huge and we are a family of 5. Plenty of wardrobe space. Continental breakfast is served downstairs - cereals, apples, danish pastries, bagels, etc. Staff were very friendly and I would definitely recommend it. It is not a luxury hotel but it is clean, good location and perfect if you are travelling with a couple of kids.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	3	4	

<Author>Colin2109
<Content>Great Location Our family of 5 stayed at the Grosvenor Suites on our holiday Sept 2007. It is a great location at Nob Hill. Easy walk to downtown. We had trouble finding accomodation in San Francisco that would accomodate 5 people in one suite. Grosvenor was good, very clean, decor was a bit tied.Breakfast was included, basic but OK. Very small eating area, so we had to take food back to our room on one day.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lil_punjabi_angel
<Content>Just Right First - thanks to all the people who had given reviews about this place and helped me make the decision to book here!. Been at the hotel for 30 days now and it's got everything one needs for an extended stay. I'm in SF for a fellowship at University of California my mother is travelling with me so we needed a place which was located near my campus (Mission bay) and close to the city's attractions to keep mom occupied. Loads of PROS so i'll start with the CONSCONS: This is NOT a LUXURY hotel as the website describes it to be! the furniture, carpets in the hallway and the general building is tired - its not dirty or smelly - just old fashioned. No marble bathroom or fluffy towels - just basic stuff (which isn't bad). Breakfast is disappointing - bagels, croissants, doughnuts, tea/coffee and thats it (no bread is served). I would've liked a hot option as well - but hey enough to get you going in the morning. The maid cleans the room/changes towels, bedding every week - would be better if it was twice a week.Steep hills of Nob hill - if you have problems walking then consider the fact that this place is at the top of a very steep hill from several directions!PROS: good service - when i booked (over the fone) i requested a room not higher than the 10th floor and not to be next to the lift and when i checked in i got a room on the 7th flr away from the lift.staff at the main desk were very helpful when I asked for directions, bus routes and other city questions. hotel's location couldn't be better - the cable cars are at your doorstep which go to Fisherman's Wharf/China town/Union sq etc. Union Sq. and the big shopping names( Macy's, Niketowm, Banana Republic, Old Navy are walking distance from the hotel. Several Muni bus routes are easily accesible from Stockton which like 5 mins from the hotel.Value for money: We've paid $2600 for a suite for 30 days included in this is a VERY large room with a fully equiped kitchen - stove (electric), microwave, toaster, full size fridge, pots and pans, cutlery enough for 4. Two double beds, A TV, wireless internet, loads of storage space, iron board, iron, a clean good sized bathroom with a bath tub. In the basement they have washing machines and tumbler dryers to use at a nominal price.Conclusion: The place is well located in the heart of SF. Very large clean rooms and helpful staff.VERDICT: i would recommend this place to everyone - just dont expect a Hilton or Marriot furnished room.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Sewi
<Content>Great place to stay! What a great place to stay!! We booked this hotel as a second choice when the historic first choice could not accomodate 5 people in one room due to fire code regs. Boy, am I glad we stayed here!! The rates are so reasonable, the rooms are huge, the windows actually open for fresh air, we had 3 walk-in closets, a comfy sofabed, lamps, end tables, a dinette, and a full kitchen. There is even great storage in the bathroom. And a complimentary continental breakfast each day! We stayed with three kids durning Feb. break, and this was the perfect hotel. It's right near the cable car lines, and Union Square, and a short walk to Chinatown. There are convenient and wonderful restaurants, markets, and shops right around all 4 corners. And many deliver, too.There are no grumps employed here. The staff are professional and promt. We often needed many extra towels and pillows, and even glass cleaner was delivered to our door within minutes of our phoning to ask.We will stay here on our next visit to San Fransisco. I won't even bother to check out any other hotels.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CalCanuck
<Content>Great location We have stayed at this hotel several times over the past 5 years and always have an enjoyable stay. I did notice that on their website it shows pictures of rooms that have been refurbished but the room we were assigned had the same tired furnishings that have been there on our previous visits. It is in a convenient location and includes a free limited breakfast. A great deal and if you book through their website you receive a rebate of $20-$25.00 per night.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2008
<Rating>4	5	-1	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>trevtnyc
<Content>They did it again!       We were in the upper left corner  
<Date>Jan 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>tennis06
<Content>Comfortable Stay convenient location. comfortable stay and the price was better than most in the area with a AAA discount. Full breakfast in the morningwas OK. Staff was extremely nice and helpful.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ShreRnae
<Content>Loved the Location  January 2008. This is a great location. The property is quirky, but the people are very friendly. It is within walking distance to Union Square, Cable Cars, etc. We stayed for 2 weeks and would recommend it to all looking for a budget hotel in a great location!  
<Date>Jan 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>Mecachis
<Content>Great Apartments, Very central, Friendly staff       Views from our balcony  
<Date>Jan 7, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>A_and_B_from_PA
<Content>Wireless Enhanced Having stayed here at least 10 times in the past decade, I concur with other reviewers in general terms. In short, the location is terrific right beside the Mark Hopkins on Nob Hill and the price is sensational given the apartment-like accommodations. It is not a luxury property (very small bathrooms, no hot breakfast or on-site fitness facilities, routine bed and furnishings).However, the relatively new wireless internet connectivity worked great during two stays covering 11 nights in late 2007 - a big step forward.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	3	4	4	

<Author>prissySanDiego
<Content>great location for the money 3 women from San Diego in San Francisco for a 3 day Christmas adventure. Don't trust the concierge, Tony to book your transportation from the airport. The website says he will take care of it upon request. I talked to him on the phone and requested a town car pick up ($55). He said he would arrange it, but no car was there when we arrived. When I called the hotel, Tony was on vacation and John who was overseeing the concierge duties knew nothing about it. John suggested I find a cab. After expressing much disappointment, John got a town car to the airport in about 20 minutes. For an extra $10 the driver stopped at a fabulous grocery so we could get some wine, cheese, fruit and crackers for our arrival party at the hotel. Upon our arrival, we asked John to compensate us for the inconvenience. He gave us a $100 credit for the mix up which we felt was generous. We stayed in room 1303 which was the one bedroom suite. The living room area had 3 huge windows for great views, even a peak of the bay, but 2 of the windows were very dirty which obstructed the view. However, the window facing the Mark Hopkins was clean, and it was entertaining to watch the people try to walk the very steep hill after a night of partying. The furnishings are tired, the bed lumpy, the towels thin, but it was nice to have a living room when someone wanted to go to bed earlier. We bought the 3 day muni pass at the airport ($18) and took the cable car everywhere. The cab ride, arranged by William back to the airport was $40 w/o tip. I would definitely stay here again considering the large size of the suite, and the very small price. If you want luxury, go sit in the lobby of the nearby Fairmount Hotel. Oh yes, don't forget to go to Tadish's for dinner before you leave town and of course, sit at the bar of the Buena Vista at the cable car turnaround for an irish coffee. SF is a great place to visit at Christmas. The tree at Neiman's is a must see.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	4	4	3	

<Author>denygold
<Content>What a view ! First let me say that Grosvenor Suites San Francisco is NOT a luxury hotel ! It is a reconditioned apartment building with a tiny lobby. The condition of the rooms is nowhere near what I would consider luxury level ! Now, having said that- the location is great (short walk from Chinatown, financial district, Union Square, etc.).The staff was efficient (room was pretty clean, although they need to look behind things more often). The suite we got had a mini kitchen that was very nice, there was lots of room. AND, if you get a room on one of the upper floors, the view is incredible !!! Overall- for the price we paid (about 1/3 what we would have paid for a swankier hotel) we felt we got a very good value here.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2007
<Rating>4	5	2	5	3	5	4	-1	

<Author>TFK
<Content>Spacious We are a family of three with a teenage daughter looking for separate rooms and space. Grosvenor (pronounced Grow-venor) fit the bill for us. We stayed in the one Bedroom Suite with King Bed.Located one street down from the top of Nob Hill we had a spacious, corner suite with great views on two sides and a small balcony. Union Square, Chinatown were all within walking distance (although being at the top of a hill makes the return trip harder). The location is quiet and the only noise we heard were from the steam pipes and the Powell Street cable car. We had a small kitchenette.The room was great for our purposes. The hotel is not new and has been remodeled. The result is an effect blend of old and new. It was interesting for the things not included: no free newspaper, fruit or coffee for the kitchen, pen or paper, swimming pool. Basic cable on old TV's. But those things are not important and if it helps cut the costs then I am all in favor of their choices. There was a basic buffet breakfast room - coffee, juice, fruit, croissant.Note that there is a online booking discount that you can claim on their website [--] Note that Parking is $33 per day including tax.Note you can use the Fairmont health facilities for $15 per day.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	3	3	3	

<Author>DoggiesFan
<Content>Good Standard Accommodation at Good Price and Great Location We booked through Grosvenor's web site which allows for an on-line rebate (added bonus!). The unit we had was on the 18th floor and had a fantastic view of the city. If you can, get a room away from the elevators as they can be a bit noisy.The complimentary breakfast was all we needed for a start to the day, and the kitchenette meant that we didn't have to go out for dinner at night (although we mostly did, try Uncle Vito's Italian restaurant down the bottom of the block to the right).We found a good supermarket on Hyde St about 4 blocks away, although convenience stores for emergencies are one block away in several directions.Grosvenor suites are walking distance to Chinatown, Cable Cars, Union Square and Fisherman's Wharf (a bit of a hike).We found the Grosvenor to be clean, staff friendly and accommodation excellent value for a family of 5 (3 adults  2 Children).  
<Date>Nov 22, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>corsica17
<Content>great view, good value for money While the decor is a bit dated, the room was very clean and the views spectacular. I was traveling with my mother, who had never been to SF, so I requested a room with a view when I booked through their website online. They gave us a fantastic corner room on the 18th floor, and my mom was delighted! If you want a large room and good views (and don't want to pay a fortune), this is your place. If you value interior aesthetics above all, then look elsewhere . . . but who goes to SF to stay in their room anyway?  
<Date>Nov 13, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>MonicaFB
<Content>Poor problem solving, dishonesty by management At first I really enjoyed this hotel. We were traveling with an infant and the kitchen area and space in the room really helped. On our last night in the hotel, we were told the water would be out for a couple hours for repairs. Several hours later the water was still not back on. We were given one gallon of water and told to use the bathroom downstairs. As we woke up in the morning to get ready for our flight home, the water was still off. We were told we could use the bathroom in one of the rooms where the water was working. As a woman, I didn't feel quite safe going into some strange room, especially after observing the front staff just handing out keys to anyone who asked.I understand that there are times when things will need repair. However, I feel the hotel management did a horrible job handling the problem. They could have moved people to a different hotel the night of the repairs. I felt they were dishonest in not disclosing the possibility of having no water for over 14 hours. In addition, the front staff seemed absolutely overwhelmed and uninformed about what was happening. Giving people a gallon of water and telling them to use the bathroom in the lobby area is ridiculous.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BaliThai
<Content>Perfect for Families or Groups! My two small children and I stayed at the Grosvenor Suites this past August for 4 nights in a 2 Queen studio. As the other reviews have said, the studio room was much more spacious than I had anticipated, and having a kitchen was wonderful! Unlike many kitchens in hotels, this one had a larger refrigerator (about 3/4 size) and not only a cooktop - but an oven as well! We had fun baking cookies and eating popcorn while watching movies after a fun day of exploring!Great location for heading to Chinatown, Downtown, Union Square, etc. - as mentioned by the other reviews. And as far as the hills - think of the exercise as one way of working off the great food you can eat in SF! Truly - there are wonderful bargain gourmet delights to be had in the City - and with the kitchen you can mix eating in with take-out an eating out. One of the best meals we had was in a small place in Chinatown where they had to hunt for a menu in English. Cheap and extraordinary!While some reviewers worried about their small children and the windows that opened - I guess I view that as more of a parenting issue - or something to avoid if you are worried about it (read hotel reviews ahead of time). On-site parking is terrific (though $29 extra a night w/ in-out rights), and some of it is covered - a bonus if you are there when it is wet! While the spaces are a little tight - it is pretty much standard for SF. There are coffee shops and grocery stores within reasonable walking distance, and access to public transit so you can pretty much explore the city at will.I had forgotten that the hotel offered a cont. breakfast, so finding that out was actually a nice surprise! While it is nothing special, it is certainly sufficient and standard fare. It is also a good way to keep the kids from getting cranky before you head out for the day.For the location and the value for the money - this hotel (and the Ocean Park hotel across from the Zoo) are tops! Truly, it is hard to find a better bargain near this location in the city.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>gac100
<Content>Great value, Great location Spent 4 nights at the start of a trip down the coast. Great value 2 room suite, ideal for family. Rooms are clean, comfortable  functional  have good views of the city. Breakfast, which is included is disappointing - but hey, its free!By far the feature of this hotel is it's location.set on a the top of Nob Hill is is a 5 min walk (downhill) to Union Sq  the great SF shopping, or the other way 20mins (again downhill) to Fishermans Wharf. What is more there is a cable car stop on the Powell Mason line at the end of the block, or the Califiornia line one block up - so you can take the cable car to get home ( get a 3 day pass/ citypass to get the best value.)Booked directly with the hotel got a great rate  $25 a night on line rebate. For a good value, spacious family hotel in the City you won't get better value for money.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>TorontoToo
<Content>Great Value in San Francisco We stayed at the Grosvenor for four days earlier this month and were very pleased with our experience there. The property is centrally located at the top of Nob Hill within a block of the cable car line/public transportation. Taxis to most of the cities neighbourhoods were between $6-$10. As others have commented, though the property bills itself as luxury accomodations it really is a value-priced apartment/hotel. The hotel's website photos do an accurate job of depicting the decor/style of the hotel. We would definitely recommend this hotel and offer the following comments:What we liked:- Huge corner suite on the 18th floor with panoramic views of the city . . . unlike other major cities, tall buildings did not seem to be as abundant in San Francisco so the views from (higher floors) at this hotel are unique and, unobstructed- Windows that opened. When booking, my major concern was around the lack of air conditioning. This was not an issue as all the windows opened and we were able to get wonderful cross breezes that quickly cooled down the room.- Clean, quiet, suite with separate bedroom, spacious walk-in closets, full living  dining room and small, spotlessly clean functional kitchenette. - very comfortable bed- good size bathroom with adequate counter/storage space- friendly, helpful staff- laundry facilities on-siteA few comments about this location in San Francisco:- at the top of a very steep hill as others have mentioned. Though it is do-able, it is definitely a challenge after a long day of sight-seeing! - cable cars were often very, very full (even at 7:30am!) so be prepared to let a few pass before you are able to jump aboard. - taxis in the city seemed few and far between, more so than any other major city we've visited. Not sure if this is typical but it was definitely our experience. On average, we had to wait approx 20mins to get taxis (outside hotel and other areas such as Union Square, North Beach)Overall we thoroughly enjoyed our stay here and, wouldn't hesitate to recommend this hotel to others. We did stay elsewhere in San Francisco later in the month and much preferred the Grosvenor.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>TravelingWith3Kids
<Content>Pros  We stayed here with our three small children for a weekend. There were some things we really liked, and some that we really didn't...overall we would recommend the place with reservations.Our stay started with finding roaches in the kitchenette of our one-bedroom suite. Staff was very accomodating and moved us immediately, however only a junior suite was available. It was not much smaller and we actually liked the layout better! And no roaches!The room was clean, and had most everything we needed with three small kids. The bathroom was in good enough shape for me to feel comfortable letting the kids use the tub for baths. There was an ironing board  iron in the closet, which came in handy when we got ready for the wedding we were attending. The kitchenette had a sink, stove, refrigerator, and some dishes. I'd recommend bringing a roll of paper towels, and some plastic utensils and paper plates.We found the free breakfast to be hit  miss. Saturday morning my husband went down around 8:30 am and it was slim pickings! But on Sunday I went down at 7:30 and loaded up a tray for the family with muffins, donuts, a toasted bagel  cream cheese, apples, and fruit loops. I also got hot coffee, and apple juice for the kids.BIG WARNING FOR PARENTS: **The rooms have windows that swing open and do not have screens or locks**. We were on the 19th (top) floor and were scared to death that our 2- and 4-year old kids (who love to climb!) would pop open a window and fall out. SCARY!!! We called the front desk to ask about a lock and were told that all the windows in the hotel were like that, and they didn't have locks. One time my 4-year-old disappeared for a moment and my husband and I found him lying on the window sill behind the curtain. We couldn't relax at all and were constantly watching the kids to keep them away from the windows (of course they were super interested in looking out the windows at the tall buildings and ocean!!) and off the window sills.Also, another thing that concerned in regards to safety. We noticed that the permits in the elevators had expired in April (we stayed in October, 6 months later!).  
<Date>Oct 15, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	3	4	4	

<Author>Jerseymick
<Content>Great for families       view from hotel room  
<Date>Oct 14, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>BigSkyBoston_MA
<Content>Great Location - NOT a luxury property I stayed at the Grosvenor Suites for three nights with my wife and two children. The hotel has a lot of great features - spacious suites, kitchenette, terrific location, free internet, coin-op laundry, and reasonable prices. But the GS bills itself as a luxury property, which it certainly is not. Do not book this hotel expecting luxury amenities. The bathrooms are tiny and the room furnishings are tired. We passed on the meager breakfast offerings in favor of more palatable choices from Whole Foods (about 8 blocks away). The staff could not recommend a nearby family restaurant; so we were pretty much on our own. The GS offers a convenient place to stay in the heart of the city, but no more. If you go there expecting a dream destination residence, you will probably be disappointed.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>momz9916
<Content>Great hotel We stay'd here for 3 nights with 2 other families and all loved the hotel for its convience, price and room. Not often do you get a suite of this quality at such good price. Yes it does not have an exercise room or restaurant but in SF the hill walking will give you plenty of exercise and many places to eat near or take cable car. Hotel is 1 block from cable car and walking distance to China town and Union Sq. The staff was pleasant and helpful (well, except one ) and breakfast lite but expected. Parking for free on street tricky but they do have paid on site of hotel. We only had cars for 1 night and were able to park in front and side street of hotel (free) . Check the Huntington Hotel 1 block up from Mason/Pitt for a nice nitecap. If busy toursit season on visit it may be hard to get on cable cars at your corner but may need to walk down several blocks to turnaround but leave early since their will be a line. Not difficult if only 2-4 persons but we had to split up to get on cars near hotel.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>bchops
<Content>Great location near Nob Hill and Chinatown Great location in Nob Hill. Close to cable cars. Stayed with husband and 2 teenagers! Breakfast was OK- but very convenient. Close to Chinatown, Union Square is walkable. This hotel served as a great base for our 4 day stay in San Francisco.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>r0m8470
<Content>Good place near Chinatown and Nob Hill Good extended stay hotel in Nob Hill. The room is large for San Francisco standard. Units are equipped with kitchenette, a sofa and a dining table. The windows also open - so any family with small kids - be careful.I stayed here for the first time in February 2007 - booked a queen studio and got a room facing Huntington Park at the 19th floor. The size of the studio is about twice as large as a Marriott's Springhill suite or Hilton's Homewood Suites. For the reservation, I paid net $75 plus tax due to their online rebate program. If you reserve the room on the hotel site, they will give you an instant rebate during checkout.I stayed here again during the summer - booked a queen studio and they actually placed me on a queen suite facing downtown San Francisco on the 14th floor. Since it is a suite, the bedroom is separate from the living room. I was travelling alone so having a suite for myself is really a luxury, too much space for 1 person. The room has an actual balcony and the view from the room of downtown skyline is great. Not the best view (I give that to Mandarin) - but certainly better than any boutique hotel view around Union Square.Other advantages: close to Chinatown so great food is easy to find, close to Union Square so great shopping is close. One block away from Powell cable car lines. Hop on one heading uphill for North Beach or Fisherman's Wharf, hop on one heading downhill for Union Square and/or easy transit access @ Market Street.I love Chinese food - especially the kind that you can buy at the take out places @ Stockton St - authentic Chinese that local Chinese families actually buy for their day to day meals. Having the kitchen in the hotel is just perfect for me because you can actually splurge but still save money. Here is what I pay for:- a box of pork fried rice- a box of stir fry tripe- a box of giant deep fried prawns- a whole fried fishtotal: $8.50! Cons:It's in Nob Hill. Most SF-savvy visitors would use the public transit system rather than renting a car. So what's the issue? Well - most visitors arrive @ the airport and take BART then transfer to Muni or they walk to their hotels if the hotels are around Union Square. Since this one is in Nob Hill, the walk is tigh-busting. I am a hiker - and the walk up from Powell station felt like I was hiking North Cascades National Park. The other cons is there is no bus line going on Mason St - so one way or another - if you do not have a car, you have to climb a steep hill. And if you do have car, their parking space is limited and pretty narrow too. I was renting a Mitsu Spyder - it's a small roadster - but the space for it was tight.Tips:If you want to avoid the steep climb, do not have a car, just arrive from the airport and do not have that many luggage (maybe just a daypack or weekend pack), stop @ Embarcadero station then transfer to California line cable car. The cable car stop @ Mason and California in front of Mark Hopkins hotel. Get off there then walk down 1 block to the hotel.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	4	3	

<Author>bbcmmb
<Content>Great Value This hotel turned out to be a great value. We booked the queen suite which was huge for two people compared to other hotels we looked at in the area. Ton of closet space, Couch to watch TV if you are so inclined. All amenities as promised, i.e. kitchenette, iron, blow dryer, etc.... Staff was friendly and helpfull. There is a supermarket (Cal Foods) about five or six blocks away if you want to stock essentials. Their sourdough bread was actually better than the overrated Boudin brand. Also, a Whole Foods store another couple of blocks past that. If you don't want to walk, one block north is the cable car that goes right by the supermarket and a block from Whole Foods. Be forewarned that you have to make it up pretty steep hills to get to this place from downtown, or you can wait for the other cable car which is a block to the east. We did not mind the walk since it offset some of the overeating!! We actuall walked to Fisherman's Warf, North Beach and Chinatown from the hotel. If you want to go elsewhere in the city take the cable car to Market and pick up one of the bus lines or street trolleys. Request a room as high up as possible for great views of the city.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>Buckeye02
<Content>Great location and fantastic for a larger group! I had a group of 5 and we did not want to book two rooms (which we would have done if we stayed any place else). Our room consisted of a living room with a pull out sofa bed and two queen beds. We also had a kichen which had a stove top, refrigerator, sink and pots/pans/utencils/glasses. The room had loads of closet space allowing five women lots of room for luggage. The location made it easy to get transporations to just about any place we wanted to go. The cable car was a block away and buses were easy to find. We were near China town, Grace Church, Union Square, and North Beach. The warf was an easy cable car ride away. The room was clean. The issues we had were lack of towels, wash clothes, and soap on different days but once the front desk was called the problem was solved in a short amount of time. The breakfast was very basic and the breakfast room was very small so we had to take breakfast back to our room on more than one occasion. The pull out sofa bed had a bad dip in the middle but was fixed when we put a large blanket under the middle and slept fine. The rooms do not have air conditioning but the San Francisco weather (cool nights) allowed us to open the windows and we had the perfect room temperature.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2007
<Rating>2	4	3	5	4	5	3	5	

<Author>Frills999
<Content>Great location - spacious, clean rooms This was the first stop on our month long holiday. We enjoyed our stay. The staff were friendly and the free breakfast is a great way to start the day. The rooms were large, maybe as others have said, a little dated but quite oppulent - with a floor to ceiling mirror behind our bed! I would definitely stay again as the location was perfect and I loved the small and friendly feel of the place. You can catch a tram from the corner of the street or easily walk into town or down to Chinatown. Would have no hesitation recommending the Grosvenor.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	5	4	4	4	5	

<Author>searious
<Content>Would Stay Again Definitely! My family and I stayed for two weeks at the Grosvenor Suites and really enjoyed our stay. It is not the Ritz Carleton but the location is excellent, the rooms are large and we found the staff to be very pleasant and helpful escecially John the Assistant Manager. My children enjoyed the continental breakfast which isn't fancy but definitely can start your day. When I saw the other properties that we were considering I know we made the right choice. Some of the Hotels are nice enough but not in a good area. We loved the walk up the steep hills through the residential areas home to the Hotel. Again the location is walking distance to almost everything needed. We were worried the first night about the fact that there was no A/C but quickly found that the cool air from the night was all we needed. We loved the little kitchenette too...one night we shopped at Whole Foods and had a fabulous meal at our table...What a View!! Definitely good value for your money.Thanks again for making our family vacation a great one!  
<Date>Jul 17, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ACNOTE
<Content>Would Stay Again JUN 30 - JULY 3, 2007This was our family, plus girlfriend, vacation and we were not disappointed. The rooms were clean, spacious and exactly what was represented by the on-line photos. We had a 1 bedroom suite, and a queen/queen studio. Had I known how spacious the studio was, we'd stayed in two studios...( I felt we had to have two completely seperate accomadations ) they were very spacious. Being from Georgia...I never thought about air conditioning, or rather not having it! ! But we were on floors 5 and 9, and w/ the windows open there was more than enough of a breeze to keep the rooms comfortable, even w/ hair drying and ironing. We also had great views. The public transportation was close, and nice, once we got the hang of it. (purchase the Passport). The front desk personnel was always friendly, and helpful. Just behind them was a computer w/ internet access and tourist brochures to choose from. The breakfast was sweet rolls, bagels, cold cereals, juice and coffee. We got ours to-go w/ no problem from the hostess who seemed...gruff..(?) but yet, accomadating. Would certainly stay again; wish they had sister properties in other areas!  
<Date>Jul 9, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	-1	3	

<Author>Arncliffegirl
<Content>Perfect for families       Film crew outside window  
<Date>Jul 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>manuvns
<Content>Good Location no AC dated room and average breakfast I booked this place at orbitz for $145 per night for first week of may 2007 . The location of this property is great .beside the famous pine street and cable car . You can walk to chinatown .They don't have AC in the rooms so if it get hot be ready to turn on the fans . Breakfast offered in average ( donuts, muffin, bagel , coffee and juice ) . i booked this place as it the only hotel with kitchenette . During the travel i stayed one night at Hilton on fisherman wharf which is lot better .It will be better if they upgraded the hotel .  
<Date>Jun 20, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	3	3	4	

<Author>Fredrock
<Content>Nice location but dated rooms. We stayed in in February for my birthday. We got their on a Saturday and so driving up to the front of the hotel can be a pain with all that city traffic. There was about 3 cars that were checking in so my wife had to jump out to go to the front desk while I waited for a packing space to open up. There is a secured garage that you can park in after you get your room key. Our room was on the 3rd floor and it looked out into some apartments right next door. The website said that each room had a view of the city. So if you stay here ask for a room on the higher floors so you can get a better view than the one we had. The rooms were dated but that was expected and one chair. Not the love seat that are pictured on the website. Maybe we got one of the smaller rooms, on one wall was a big mirror. I guess it was to make the room look bigger. You can walk down to the Union Squre area and Chinatown. Or take a taxi to near by Broadway street which is like a 5 minute drive. All rooms have kitchenettes and there is also coin-op laundry. I actually ran into the famous (or here locally) San Francisco twins at this hotel.I would stay here again.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>embru
<Content>Good value great location This is a great value mid range property that is located in a perfect spot for San Fransisco.The one bedroom suite with kitchenette was great - we have 3 kids and there was enough room not to drive anyone insane. The view was excellent and we were happy to be on the 8th floor.Lifts a little slow but really nothing to complain about.Nice not being in all the tourist mess inFisherman Sq and also near the top of Nob Hill to see around. Close proximity to the two cable cars and easy walk to downtown.Would definitely recommend for more that a night or two when you want to cook a meal and not pay top dollar - really a bargain for a big city.Helpful front desk - get them to direct you to the big supermarket only 4 blocks away. Breakfast included was a bonus.  
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>EricWittkopp
<Content>Nice place, unless you like air conditioning Our room had a compact kitchen, a couch, and a king size bed. It was more than what we needed for a two night stay. Parking was gated behind the hotel at a cost of $30/night. The internet was a little slow, however they have PCs in the lobby for guest use which were complimentary. Even printing our tickets for Alcatraz was no charge.We were able to walk to everywhere we wanted to go, including Pier 39 (20 minutes or so). The staff at the front desk was very polite and helpful.The only bad thing was the lack of air conditioning. It got hot during the days and the room would heat up quite a bit. We had a balcony so we were able to open the door during the evening to allow the room to cool down. Without a screen door however, a couple bugs flew in...Overall, a good place to stay. I would consider staying here again however not if I could find something comparable with air conditioning.Eric Wittkopp  
<Date>May 16, 2007
<Rating>3	4	2	3	3	4	3	3	

<Author>JodySeattle
<Content>Grosvenor Suites - great stay, great location This hotel was recommended in Seatlle Times travel section. Checked it out online and it seemed perfect -website was helpful and easy to use. Suite was large, well appointed. Small kitchen facility was fine for short stay. 3 large picture windows in living area with views. Continental breakfast was adequate. Staff was extremely helpful. Location just below Nob hill was perfect - one block to cable cars, Nob Hill. Just a few blocks to Union Square or Chinatown. I would absolutely stay there again  
<Date>May 3, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>wonderfulworld
<Content>Great View and Lots of Space We stayed at this place for four nights in April, 2007.We had a one bed room apartment with a large living area, a good sized bed room, a small kitchen, and a very small bathroom.The hotel is located one block from the top of Nob Hill, and our apartment was on the 18th floor. The view was spectacular, and our living room was a wonderful setting for entertaining friends.A breakfast of coffee, juice, and pastry or bagel is served under the watchful eye of two women--one of whom is grim and who seems to regard hotel guests as beggars. Insist on a bear claw.The furnishings are dated and a bit beat up, but the spaciousness of the apartment and great view more than compensated for these deficiencies.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Biogeog
<Content>Great location, great value We just stayed for five nights in a one bedroom suite (three adults and two kids) with a bedroom with two queen beds and a large living room / eating area and kitchenette. The fold out bed in the living room was decent and the kitchenette had a 3/4 size fridge/freezer, stove, oven and microwave. The room was very nice with great views of the city and bay. The included continental breakfast was quite good (muffins, bagels, donuts, juice, coffee). The location is GREAT up on Nob Hill next door to the Mark Hopkins and Fairmont Hotels. We were on the 15th floor and it was quiet and extremely clean. I would highly recommend this hotel! The only reason it wasn't rated as excellent is that it is not a luxury hotel, but for the price it really was excellent.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>WIDiane
<Content>Great value, great hotel! This is a great place for families. We stayed here for 3 nights with our 3 kids. The view when the fog rolled out was one of the best I have ever seen. The room is very large and clean. Staff was always helpful and friendly. The neighborhood felt very safe. The breakfast is a great thing for familes, eating out for breakfast, even a diner, cost us more than 50.00, with the continental breakfast the kids are satisfied and it's free. There is a computer in the lobby that our teenage daughter used often. The top of the Marc is across the street, my husband and I went there a couple of times for drinks great view. So glad we chose this hotel.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	3	3	

<Author>Fivepack
<Content>Good Grosvenor The GoodExcellent Location, my family of five pretty much walked everywhere, (Fisherman's warf was about a mile a way, union square just a few blocks, Chinatown very close) We drove and parked the car in their secure lot and left it there. We need the exercise! Booked on line on their web site, got the on line rebate credited to the room charge which pretty much paid for the $29 +tax parking charge per day. Got the two room suite for the family of five and we had plenty of room. Kitchenette was great to have with dining table. Price was great for SF. Front desk very helpful.The not so goodMinor things here: a little worn, window had tape over a crack, shower head awkwardly low and didn't operate real great. Bathroom was tiny. Breakfast was pastries  bagels (but good ones!) They put us in the wrong room type at first but corrected the error quickly.Absolutely would recommend. Great value, location and would stay there again. We had a great time.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>loobyBucks
<Content>Great value Great location, good value, breakfast not very exciting. would recomend these apartments  
<Date>Mar 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	4	2	

<Author>JanLin
<Content>Excellent value and location Excellent value for money and a great location - easy to get everywhere. We had a suite (reasonably priced) on the 17th floor with fabulous views. Staff willing to help and very friendly. We arrived at midnight after a long (delayed) train journey and the night receptionist was most helpful. Definitely recommend and would stay again  
<Date>Feb 19, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	5	3	5	4	3	

<Author>kep427
<Content>Nice place, fair value We stayed there in part based on earlier TripAdvisor reviews we read. The place is quite nice and a good value with professional staff. The rooms are reasonably good-size and have a closet that is really a kitchen (you open up the french doors and inside are all the usual kitchen features.We took a room with two queens plus a fold-out sofa and were not overly cramped like in a regular hotel room.The place is clean, quiet, in a great neighborhood-walking distance to trolley lines, Chinatown, and Union Square. The continentinal breakfast is filling enough-mostly bagels, toast, sweets plus coffee and juices. Parking is an extra $30.  
<Date>Dec 25, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	4	4	3	

<Author>Jen1985
<Content>Good for families We did not stay here but did a sight inspection as part of work (I am a travel agent).Located in Nob Hill, within walking distance from Union Square these suites offer good value accommodation which would be suitable for families or couples travelling together. It is located up quite a steep hill, which may put some people off. The suites offer kitchenettes with separate living rooms in one bedroom apartments. D茅cor is slightly older and dated with a 70鈥檚 feel to it. Continental breakfast is included in the daily rate.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	2	3	3	3	3	

<Author>NonprofitGuest
<Content>Clean rooms, nice views, great value, nutty staff I arrived at the Grosvenor with three colleagues from work (a nonprofit with limited budget), and when the young girl at the front desk lost our president's reservation and then made a wry joke about our organization's name, I knew we were in for a treat. Later that week, my boyfriend checked in to find the staff chasing a hummingbird around the tiny lobby, and there was one well-meaning but slightly loony girl at the desk who talks to herself in such an animated, confused way that I couldn't help but enjoy watching her run around looking for my checked bag.The important things are all covered: friendly staff, clean linens  bathroom, great location, and larger suites than you expect for the price. The Grosvenor seems something of a luxury dinosaur--the mirrored walls at the end of each hallway once made sense, and the carpeting was probably more plush. But that's alright, so long as the worn edges are also clean, and they are. With its Nob Hill location, it also boasts terrific views, especially in their large corner suites up higher than the 13th floor or so. (Other old hotel bonuses: windows that really open, with no screens, and honest to God balconies way up in the air. Suicidal maniacs are welcome, I guess.)The only concern you may have as a traveler with a computer is the up-and-down wi-fi. It worked for the first two hours after I arrived, and was up again the next day after a repairman made a visit. Then it was down again in the next day. The staff on hand don't seem tech savvy, and on a Sunday they say they can't get someone in to fix it. (Thankfully there is a cafe with free wi-fi about six blocks away called Cup-A-Joe.)All in all, the Grosvenor is a great deal for family or non-business travel. The wi-fi problem is a big one for those attached to email, and it's a bit too scruffy around the edges to impress most business--or spoilt--travelers.  
<Date>Dec 17, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	1	

<Author>Dorsetraveller
<Content>Terrific location..terrific views, amazing spacious quiet clean room My husband and I have just returned from an 8 night stay here. We had two queen beds in a spacious room overlooking Union Square on the 19th floor. It was an amazing view..just watching the Christmas tree lights and Macey's in the square. The bay in the distance.The service was good, rooms clean, nothing was too much trouble from the staff.We booked on line with the hotel direct which gave us a great discount. A phone call asking for a room with a view ensured we had our request.From here with a 7 day muni pass we expored the whole city by cable cars (one block) muni buses etc and walking. Boat trip to Alcatraz (u need to book in advance). Walking the golden gate bridge etc etc..absolutely wonderful...all the usual sights.What a great city we would love to come back again. We passed several other hotels I had spotted online and checked them out to see how they compared. We never found anything better for the price and would always go back here again.D  M Parish. Bournemouth Dorset UK  
<Date>Dec 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>SophiesAunt
<Content>Great location, good value We stayed at the Grosvenor for three nights, and were completely satisfied with the room--a studio. Beds were comfortable, couch comfortable, good shower with plenty of hot water. Desk staff ranged from surly to very helpful over the three days. No internet in rooms would make it difficult for business travel, though I think that is going to change. The daily continental breakfast was pretty spartan, bagels or some not very good pastry, plus coffee and juice. The rooms are spacious, with plenty of closet space, having been converted from apartments. The closet kitchens are adequate, though if you were actually planning to cook you might benefit from a kitchen knife or two and a few other tools. Good for storing snacks and drinks. No coffee service in the room is a drawback. Parking $29 plus tax each day adds to the cost, but with a web rate of $99 minus a $20 rebate, the cost for a studio is very reasonable, especially for this location, right across the street from the Mark Hopkins. I'll stay there again for sure.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	3	3	2	

<Author>kitchenmax
<Content>Nice older hotel with great view of the city We chose this hotel in downtown San Francisco because the reader reviews and because they offered suite accommodations that suited our family with children. Everything was in good condition. The bathroom and the kitchenette had been updated. The bedspreads looked dated. There is no air conditioning but it was great with window open for us in November. It is within walking distance of China Town and good food. Just remember if you go down you must come back up! Charming older property though. Continental breakfast consists of juices, coffee and danish or bagel. Would recommend this to anyone who wants comfortable but not expecting four star.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>dianeg
<Content>Very good place to stay..... We stayed at Grosvernor by complete accident. On a spur of the moment, we went to San Fran. The night before we flew out, we hopped online to get a reservation. Well....come to find out that Fleet Week was there that week, and rooms were booked up to 100 miles away. Calls to all chains indicated SOLD OUT!We then heard of a number for San Fran hotels that has booking rights (like maybe thru the chamber???) for hundreds of hotels. Not an online company, actually a phone service (sorry, I do not have the number - got from a hotel that I called).As I was on the phone with them, hearing about Fleet Week, one opening occurred at the Grosvernor due to a cancellation. We took it immediately, not knowing what we were booking.What a find! Actually on Nob Hill, across from the Top of the Mark (a must see!). Walking distance to shops, etc.For the price, great room.One word of caution: walking home from a restaurant at 11 pm, we were almost accosted. Approached by a gentleman that had been laying on the sidewalk, he hassled us to the point of scaring us. This happened about 3 blocks from the hotel - use caution anywhere in SF when walking at night!GREAT HOTEL though - would absolutely stay again!  
<Date>Oct 24, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gevaltech
<Content>Perfect for Large Family After much research, selected this for our family with 4 kids. It was ideal, with a separate bedroom with 2 beds and a pull out sofa. Suite was luxurious, with nice kitchen and spectacular views. Location was excellent, with easy walk to Chinatown and the wharfs, then cable car right to front door. Staff was always helpful and friendly. Price was very reasonable for location, although the parking fees hurt. Would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>mooth
<Content>More than a hotel - it can be your SF pad! After booking this place at a great price - $60 or so, way below what you'd expect in a San Francisco summer - I was pleased with everything it offered. My studio was large and clean, had a nice view with kitchenette and the bathroom was fine, though it looked a little old. I didn't have a balcony, but if I had, I guarantee I would have used it. I love the idea of looking over the city and drinking a glass of wine. The decor was nothing special, but I wasn't there long so it didn't bother me. And the continental breakfast was very nice. If you come early and remember to tip the girl, I think she may give you extra courteous service. At least she was very courteous to me! The front desk clerk when I checked in was helpful and quite friendly, too. Oh, and the location is superb - just a bit up Nob Hill. High enough to feel it when you walk, but not enought to hurt. All in all, I'd recommend this place over a regular hotel - even a fancy one - any day of the week.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>doinel
<Content>ideal base We stayed in the Grosvenor Suites in June/July 2004. It's the perfect base to explore San Francisco. In the centre of everything and on the cable car line, no where is far away. Staff are very friendly and though the furnishings are not the most modern, it's spotlessly clean and has everything you'd need - rooms are a great size too! Great having a small kitchenette - Calafoods supermarket a short hop away. Views from our balcony were spectacular down to the Transamerica building and the harbour. I'd recommend it to anyone and would return without question!  
<Date>Sep 20, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>Beau1966
<Content>couldn't have been better I was already in San Francisco staying with friends when I decided I needed some personal space because they were squabbling at home. So I took a blind chance on Priceline and wound up at the Grosvenor Suites for a REDICULOUSLY low rate ...... Man did I ever hit the jackpot .... great hotel, I had a nice effeciency suite with a queen bed, kitchenette and useable balcony on the 12th floor with a stunning view of the city. Very convenient to Muni and cable cars, Union Square, China Town, etc., ... BEST VACATION EVER !!!!!  
<Date>Sep 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>tschatz
<Content>Two stays at the Grosvenor were more than enough While my two stays at the Grosvenor were not recent (the last was Sept. 2005), I vividly recall being unable to stand up straight upon waking up after a bad night's sleep. So, beware of the quality of the beds. On the plus side, the rooms are large; it is probably good for families; the kitchen seemed adequate; the closets were spacious; but it is not anything more than a below average hotel. It was, unfortunately, a warm evening and without A/C it made the stay even less comfortable.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>travel1r
<Content>good location and nice hotel we booked this hotel after reading the reviews on tripadvisor and we were glad we did. San Francisco hotels can be expensive and with a family of 5 we wanted good accomodation at a reasonable price and we found that at the grosvenor suites.good clean rooms which were spacious with lovely views close to union square.There is a cable car stop close by for those who do not wish to walk.Breakfast was quite basic but adequate enough to start the day.overall we enjoyed our stay here and would reccomend it as a good base for all the san francisco sights.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>joolsie_s
<Content>Great San Francisco base We were a group of five in our early twenties doing the Hwy 1coastal trip. We arrived in the night at the Grosvenor and were meeted by a friendly check in service. We were pleased that our room with a view request was granted. The room was very spacious, pleasantly decorated and very clean. Rooms have two closets, a kitchenette and a decent size bathroom. Breakfast is served by a lady in a small room and is not very extensive but great if you enjoy muffins and bagels. There is a very friendly concierge service too.The hotel is located on quite a steep road but this provides great views. It is extremely close to union square, China town and the cable car. We also waked to coyt tower, lombard street and the pier but they are a bit more of a walk. Overall an extremely enjoyable stay in a great value for money and friendly hotel!  
<Date>Aug 20, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>JDFletcher
<Content>Very nice place to stay. The rooms here are large with a well equiped kitchen area, and seating area. They were very clean, and nicely decorated. The complimentary breakfast was adequate, altough having been used to 'help yourself' complimentary breakfasts at other hotels, we were a bit put off by the fact that the food was kept behind a glass counter and you had to ask for what you wanted. Although she said you could come back for more, you didn't really feel happy doing so. I heard one lady having 'words' with the lady behind the counter, when she discovered that croissants were kept out of sight, and only handed out if you knew to ask for one. I was a bit insulted when I asked for cream cheese for my bagel, and she presented me with the low fat version (I don't intend to diet on my vacation). This happened every morning, while my husband was served the 'normal' version. I am a little overweight, but nothing drastic - she aparently thought differently.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Dungenesslover
<Content>Will gladly stay here again My family of five stayed here for a week in mid-July and thought that the hotel met all of our expectations and then some. We had a one bedroom suite that was roomy and was comfortable for our end of day vacation roundup talks in the living room. The employees here bent over backwards to help us out with our questions and requests. We used the lobby level breakfast area just about every day but went to a few breakfast spots on Lombard for something a bit fancier. It was nice to hear, from our open window, the cable running, ever so slightly, and to hear the cable car operators ring the bell at the intersection of Pine and Lombard - added to the experience. The hotel room was relatively quiet at night, even with the windows open. The central location was a big plus from our perspective and we got to know all the transportation routes nearby.There were lots of families and European travelers. A good hotel if you want a comfortable, but not extravagant, setting and want a great location.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nettie96
<Content>Wonderful Experience! 4 of us stayed here 3 nights and it was wonderful. Room was on the 19th floor with great views. Beds were comfortable and the kitchen was great (although a measuring cup would have been nice).  We meet several people who lived there including 2 ladies who had been there since the mid 1980's. (With rent control in San Francisco I couldn't imaging what their rent is!)  Free internet in the lobby. The people at the desk couldn't have been nicer, always available to help with reservations and directions. A grocery store a couple of blocks away made cooking very nice. We bought fresh fish on the wharf and had a feast one night.Would definately recommend to anyone!  
<Date>Aug 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Anna2006
<Content>A Value Among the Swells on Nob Hill - Grosvenor Suites San Francisco鈥檚 Nob Hill boasts the most elite and expensive hotels in the city. Nestled among them is the best value in the city, the Grosvenor Suites, 899 Pine Street, San Francisco, CA. We were nervous about our choice for this year鈥檚 five-week trip to the city on the hill. The Grosvenor Suites came out of a Craig鈥檚 List search and was booked without inspection. It turned out to be a great choice!The studio apartment we booked was roomy and comfortable, with plenty of space for two people to lounge, read and watch cable TV without crowding each other. We had a good view of the Union Square area, the Sir Francis Drake Hotel with its revolving star, and the bay in the distance. The d茅cor was Oriental with Chinese-style furniture, brocaded bedspreads and Japanese screens on the wall. While not upscale, the furnishings were comfortable and stylish. The kitchenette fit a full apartment size refrigerator, stove with oven, plenty of cabinets fully stocked with dishes, pots and pans, coffee maker, toaster and flatware into a space the size of an average closet. We cooked about three times a week and had plenty of utensils. The rest of the suite contained a small bathroom and two large walk-in closets.One of the features provided by the hotel is a daily complimentary continental breakfast, served from 5:30 a.m. to 10:30 a.m. weekdays and to 11:00 a.m. on weekends. The staff served the bagels, Danish pastries, scones, donuts and muffins with butter, cream cheese and jelly, as requested. The guests helped themselves to juice, coffee and tea to eat either in the breakfast room or take to your own room. The Breakfast was good and very convenient but we did miss fresh fruit and would like to see it added to the menu.The Grosvenor Suites is unique in a very San Franciscan way in the world of extended-stay hotels. They have business and leisure guests on 1 to 3 month stays, daily hotel service that attracts many European travelers, and permanent tenants. We met a lovely lady in her 80鈥檚 who鈥檚 lived at the Grosvenor since 1973 when she was working as a teacher in the city public school system. We also met a businessman who lived on the 17th floor and maintained an office on the 5th floor to beat the commuting crush in the Bay Area. There was a steady stream of German, French and Italian tourists during our five-week stay. The mix of cultures and occupations gave our trip an additional element of interest and enhanced our experience.Our only complaint was the lack of internet access in our room. They are installing wireless access in the whole building but hadn鈥檛 made it to our floor yet. I expect when we return next year, we鈥檒l have Wi-Fi in our room, too.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SasCat
<Content>Great location and views       View from window in hotel  
<Date>Aug 2, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Value - Superb Location Myself and my cousin stayed here at the end of April for 4 nights. What a great place in a superb location for site seeing! only 3 or 4 blocks down to Union Square too so ideal for nights out.....just dont get too drunk because the hill back up is a killer ...if you decide to walk! I now have calf muscles like a mountain goat ;0)The hotel decor is a bit dated but hey retro is supposed to be back in. I would definately go back. Dont listen to the moaners and complainers on this site - they're probably the type that would dissatisfied with a 5 * suite at the Bellagio.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>bridge65
<Content>Glad we stayed here We don't like confined, air conditioned, boxed in hotel rooms, so after a lot of internet searching we were so glad we found Grosvenor Suites for the 3 of us. I don't think there are many apartments in San Francisco!!. It is an average size one bedroom apartment - separate bedroom, comfortable sofa bed in the lounge, kitchen facilities and most important - a balcony with a great view and fresh air!!! We had a large corner suite on a very top floor. The staff were helpful, the cable car is 2 minutes walk away, there are lots of restaurants in the vicinity, and also convenience/grocery stores. At the end of a hectic day of sightseeing it was great to come back to the space and comfort of the Grosvenor suites and have a drink on the balcony, taking in the great view, before going out to dinner. We stayed in similar places in Los Angeles (Magic Castle Hotel) and Las Vegas (Desert Rose Inn) which were also apartments with a balcony, and although they weren't as expensive as Grosvenor, I guess that it because it is San Francisco. Anyhow I think it was on par dollar wise with a hotel room which would not have given us the space and comfort that the 3 of us wished. So we highly recommend this to those of you who don't like hotels!!. Thankyou. The Andersons, NSW, Australia.  
<Date>May 18, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Regen01
<Content>Great value, great location We were really pleased that we chose to stay at the Grosvenor Suites. We had a 1 bed apartment that was situated on the corner of the building. The rooms were clean and well maintained. We were never bothered by noise during our 6 day stay. The building is 1 minute walk from the cable car, 10 mins walk from Union Square and the same from China Town. Other reviews have highlighted problems with breakfast, no way! Yes the pastries were served to you but we were always asked if we wanted any more. Items were replaced regularly and I'm sure if we wanted something that was missing, it would have been provided. We used to take a selection back to our room using the trays provided or we could have eaten in the pleasent room in which breakfast was served.Internet access was free and we rarely had to wait long to use it. Concern had been raised in reviews about the laundry, rubbish! It was situated in on a lower floor that could only be accessed by passing the main desk and office that was manned 24 hours a day.If we return to San Francisco we would certainly use the Grosvenor Suites again.  
<Date>May 1, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>RandyEugene
<Content>Good view; good deal at the Grosvenor We stayed at the Grosvenor Suites on Nob Hill for four nights while attending a conference at the Crowne Plaza. The room was very nice and cheaper than the Crowne. Two queen beds, a nice little kitchen and a full bath. We were on the fourth floor so street noise was there...not intrusive but there. The walls seemed a bit thin when we were awoken at 2 am with 4 drunken people on the other side of the wall. It was like we were in the same room. Front desk took care of them quickly and they were gone the next day. Continental breakfast was in a former hotel room converted to small dining area and the food appeared to be donuts and bagels (I had breakfast elsewhere). I would certainly stay there again!  
<Date>Mar 13, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pippen67
<Content>Everythings great except cleanliness I stayed here recently for 5 days and had the pleasure of booking their only 2 bedroom suite which is on the 8th floor. On entrance, I have to say we were in awe of the sheer size of this place! A huge reception hallway greeted us which entered into a large living/dining room which is strangely connected to a bathroom, kitchenette and store room. Separate to this was the two bedrooms, once again, large sizes. Unlike many other 2 bed suites i've been to, the master bedroom didn't have an en-suite. Yet, a bathroom was placed neared the 2nd bedroom. It did seem that the layout of the suite was an afterthought, as they had managed to place 4 small store rooms dotted all over the place.On closer inspection, whilst a huge living area is fantastic, that also means lots more to clean for the cleaners. A job certainly not fulfilled. A little note lets you know not to expect your dishes to be cleaned for you, and nor do the bed sheets get changed unless requested (to protect the environment). This can all be forgiven as the value is great, however, un-clean bathrooms? Musky smelling with no ventilation, limescale in the baths, and mould on the taps certainly is worrying. Such is the case, we had socks or shoes on at all times in the apartment.Other things to note are perhaps a seemingly weak in-room safe which is hinged onto a wall. The kitchen was a bit tired as most of the drawers were slightly sticky and didn't open with ease. It did have a full range of utensils and pots and pans though.As for location, well thats great too. Only 3 blocks from Union square. A tram stop at the end of the block. Chinatown was only a few blocks away too. From the airport it was about 25 mins and costs around $35-40. However, as we'd accumulated so much luggage we took up their airport transfer service which was far more comfortable and only $45!Bottom line, it's exceptional value for money, if only it had been cleaner.  
<Date>Mar 10, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good location for activities Airport mixup via information booth as there are 2 Grovesnor's. Information booth directed us to a shuttle. Grovesnor Suites does not provide shuttle service. Result we ended up at the wrong hotel and had to pay exorbitent Taxi fare.Service good with day reception but poor with evening receptionist.Room 402 adequate but poor layout with televison viewing from bed or setee. Could only view if you sat in kitchen.Closet bifold doors falling apart, giving poor first appearance.Decor of room could do with some spruce up.Good service with Red  White travel pick up at hotel entrance, hotel should include them in their web site as we had excellent tours from this group.Hotel morning breakfast and coffee service is excellent.For the price I would say overall as O.K. Loved S.Frisco!  
<Date>Feb 9, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Xplorer80
<Content>Great location and view I stayed here in August of 2005 with my fiance. We had a great time. The location is great since it is about a five minute walk to Union Square. The view of downtown was nice as well. If you want to tour San Francisco, this hotel provides an excellent base.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>wanderer
<Content>Top Flight We like to do in town getaways to San Francisco, so we've stayed at a number of hotels there. The Grosvenor was one of the best. There was tons of room in the one bedroom corner suite, enough, my wife said, to hold a meeting in the living room (also plenty of chairs, something that's often lacking). The 180 degree view (the hotel is one block from the top of Nob Hill) was just wonderful, one of the best, if not the best, view we've ever had. The desk clerk was friendly without being obnoxious. The bedroom was dark and quiet despite the lights and noise of the city, the bed reasonably comfortable.It was easy to get to restaurants and other places walking or on transit--we were just as happy not to deal with our car (especially not with a $29 parking charge, other local garages similar, and very limited and time restricted on-street parking). The nearest transit is the premium fare ($5) cable cars, but there are several regular fare trolley bus lines a few blocks away.The hotel decor was nothing special--not depressing --but pretty standard issue, nothing real decorative. No big fluffy towels either. The breakfast was pretty minimal, as most complimentary hotel breakfasts I've had were, just something to tide you over until your real breakfast. But for space and views under $150 in Downtown San Francisco, it was great (January is a relatively low cost month, but there was a major convention in town).  
<Date>Jan 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>dimples
<Content>Grosvenor suites great for families Our whole family, 2 adults and 3 kids loved this place. Terrific location - we walked just about everywhere. The kitchen was great. We picked up seafood down by the wharf then took the tram back and and cooked every night. Great dining area, big windows, comfortable livingroom, spacious bedroom. Room to entertain another family we were visiting. Anyone with three kids knows it can be hard to find a nice hotel at a reasonable price(and not have to pay for two rooms). What a great deal. This hotel is located close to some much more expensive hotels. We will definitely come back. You have access to facilities at another hotel close by if you want (we didn't have time). Good parking as well. Friendly staff. The free breakfast wasn't anything amazing but hey who cares when everything else is such a great deal.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Get a One room Suite, or it might not be so sweet!! I stayed on the 19th floor in the corner one-bedroom suite. This is room 1909. My room was spacious and nicely decorated. I am a college kid so I am really not to picky, but i peeped in a smaller room and would have to stay I would not stay in anything but a one-bedroom suite. A real plus about the room was that it contained a nice sized fridge with freezer, stove, oven and microwave as well as untensils and glassware, etc. We brought food back every night and made plenty of drinks in the room. The view from the blacony of downtown was absolutely fabulous. I would not say in this hotel unless you are in one of the rooms facing downtown with a balcony either, it makes it all worth it. The tv's are a bit old and the bathroom a little small, but there are 70 channels and the water is steaming hot with a nice showerhead. Those are the biggest complaints I have of the room. Great location right off the bay bridge, easy routes to pier and wharf, and plenty of restaurants and shopping within walking distance, but the streets in san francisco as you should know can be like climbing a mountain. The continental breakfast was like any other continental breakfast, muffins, bagels, donuts and coffee and orange juice. So don't expect anything special. Compared with the prices for other hotels in the area, I would have to say this place is great. If you're looking for something special the Ritz and the Mark are right down the street this is for budget minded folks. I almost forgot we stayed in November and it got a bit cold, we went for the thermostat to find out there was no heat or A/C in the whole building. With a sweater on we were perfectly fine, but i would count on a summer stay being uncomfortably warm and would look to stay elsewhere.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>caymanbabes
<Content>Very nice - but only 1 room (ie not a proper suite) We came to this hotel after a horrible experience at a nearby hotel. We were so relieved to come here! It was lovely, the front desk staff were wonderful, the bell staff came to our taxi and took our luggage to our room. The room was huge and very clean, with wonderful views. My one complaint would be that it was just one room - with 3 small children we were hoping for two rooms (ie bedroom and separate living area), which we expected from a suite. I would called this a studio rather than a suite. It was enormous though with a full kitchen cleverly hidden by folding doors. There were two huge walk-in closets (which could be knocked through and made into a bedroom IMO) and a very nice bathroom. There were two double beds in the room and a nice sofa, TV unit and dining table. Even so there was lots of space left.The breakfast was fine though not brilliant. It was mostly pastries etc given out by a member of staff one at a time - you had to ask. We discovered the nicer items were hidden behind the counter and those in the know asked for them! Very odd. Don't know why it couldn't be self-service - I guess people feel guilty having to ask so eat less! The drinks were self-service though, and there were TVs in the breakfast room, which was an ordinary room basically - but they are so big that the size was adequate.There is a computer next to front desk which guests can use - though it was monopolised by teenagers on instant messenger! Plus there is a guest laundry, though I wouldn't recommend going there alone late at night as it was rather scary - its in a garage-type area.The location of the hotel is great - half a block from a cable car stop (if you can get on one - they were always full when we were there so we had to walk into town and get a streetcar), but its not far and downhill. Later in the day its easier to get a cable car and avoid the hills. We spent most of our time in Fisherman's Wharf, which we much preferred to downtown San Francisco. If we'd have known we'd have found a hotel there! But this hotel was great, and not too expensive for such a big room - just wish it had been a proper suite so we didn't have to creep around once the kids were asleep!  
<Date>Oct 16, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>SanFraninSept
<Content>Great price, good location Our stay at Grosvenor Suites was better than expected. The room was spacious ( 1 bedroom suite) and comfortable and the staff was very helpful.The bathroom was small but that was not an issue for us. The continental breakfast was basic but sufficient.The location is good however be prepared to walk up a very steep incline when walking from Chinatown or Union Square. Highly recommended if you are looking for a moderately priced hotel.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Decent place We stayed 4 nights at the Grosvenor. We had a studio suite on the 15th floor with a great view of the city. The room was very spacious and clean with relatively fresh furnishings. The room rate was reasonable compared to other area hotels. The location in Nob Hill is nice, no fear walking at night. Parking $25/night which is cheap by San Francisco standards. I would definitely be interested in staying there again.Now the problems: 1) The first night of our stay was unacceptably noisy. From 1:00am 鈥?3:30am there were loud college-age kids running down the halls, slamming doors, yelling and loud talking. The management was unable to control the situation, but they did give us a 50% refund for that night. The other 3 nights were nice and quiet. 2) Room keys were prematurely deactivated the last morning of our stay, before we checked out. 3) Continental breakfast was very lightweight. The small sweet rolls were dispensed by an attendant one at a time. Some of the favorites like cheese danishes were hidden behind the counter and had to be asked for specifically. We just happened to notice that when the person after us asked for one. 4) Short on washcloths. We paid for 4 people in our room but only had 2 fresh washcloths every day. 5) No restaurant onsite.In spite of the problems, it is still a nice stay for the price.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>trestrek
<Content>home away from home the suites are wonderful! after working a full day we were able to come back to the suite and crash. staff is pleasant and helpful. we've stayed twice on business and hope to return in december.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Okay It was nice to have the space of a 1-bedroom apartment but it is a cozy apartment. The hotel is a converted apartment building with several long-term residents still, as near as I can figure. Could use some updating. No decent food stores within an easy walk which was disappointing. Simple walk down to Chinatown or Union Square and even north to Fisherman's Wharf (apart from the first block which is brutally steep uphill!). The hills back to the hotel are a good workout!  
<Date>Jul 19, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>tennischik
<Content>Stayed longer Rooms were quite large and the sofa was a huge plus for us. The closets were so large, one became my husband's office in the morning when he had to make business calls while we were still sleeping. The breakfast was delicious bagels or doughnuts. The breakfast room was small but it was a nice meeting place. I tended to see the same people each morning so it was fun catching up. The hills are intense in this part of town. You think twice about going two-three blocks somewhere. The cable car is on the corner, so just buy a 7 day pass and don't worry about the hills. The staff was very helpful. Our rental car had been tapped,and they sent someone out and took out all the marks and scapes. The view is incredible. Our nighttime entertainment was opening our curtains and looking outside. It was beautiful. We were enjoying our stay so much here we added a day at the end.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>a suite with a view ...       a view from the room  
<Date>May 15, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sarven1980
<Content>Excellent stay       a view from the room  
<Date>May 5, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent value       View from room  
<Date>May 4, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>theis
<Content>We said we'd love to and we did come back       View of room  
<Date>Apr 30, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Grosvenor suites not so sweet! Stayed here for a few days as a stop over and thank the lord it was only a few days!The place was run down, staff off hand,room was very small for the price,and the room also smelt of sewers,i will not mention under the beds!Breakfast was complimentary, but who would have paid for it anyhow,was this really the same place that others have left reviews on?.As a proud American i expect more,i can only assume tourists are willing to lower their standards for a cheap room,or is this the standard Europeans are used to i do hope not!If you are content to rough it stay here.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2005
<Rating>1	2	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>vmpianta
<Content>Great Place, Great Visit! First, thanks to everyone who provided info and helped influence our choice of the Grosvenor. We stayed in San Fran for 10 days with 2 children ages 8  11. What a great visit. We were in town for a conference and combined it with a vacation. I highly recommend this hotel. Admittedly, the linens needs some updating (thin towels, etc.) but overall the Grosvenor was great. The location was perfect. 1 block to the streetcar. Our conference was near the Moscone Ctr. and it took 10-15 minutes to get there and it was an easy trip. After looking at the hotels down in Union Square and near the Moscone I would never stay anywhere else. The Grosvenor had plenty of room for four of us. Restaurants were all nearby. The view was spectacular from our corner suite. By the way - the suite is the way to go. Plenty of room, except in the bathroom. The staff was great, cleaning staff very efficient. The laundry facilities really helped out on a family trip too. We want to come back and would definitely stay again - I think that says it all!  
<Date>Apr 20, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Glad to confirm the good Grosvenor reports Just back from a trip to California, and I write to affirm the glowing reports on the Grosvenor Suites on this site which made me book it in the first place. We experienced friendly staff, and the suites were excellent. The corner suites are superb. A little more cutlery in the room would have been nice (eg two sizes of spoons!) Also, if you don't know SF well, beware that the walk up Mason or Powell to Pine is VERY steep indeed. But once you get there, it's great. So spacious. Superb. I could keep adding superlatives ad nauseam.Stuart Bell  
<Date>Apr 12, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great location, great service thanks to trip advisor for recommending this place. it was really close to all amenities that san francisco has to offer. the apartment worked out really well, having the space of an apartment, but the feel of a hotel. i would definately recommend anyone to stay here, staff were great too. views from the 14th floor were fantastic!! thanks once more.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just the job for an inexpensive stay Just returned from a two week stay in the US where we spent the first week at the Grosvenor Suites. Very friendly place with helpful staff and brilliantly situated for Union Square and the surrounding neighbourhood; two minutes walk from the Powell-Hyde tram stop (although getting on one is often a problem) and only twenty minutes brisk walk to and from North Beach.Our room was a basic studio apartment with a small built in kitchen and very modest fittings, but this was more than compensated for by the breathtaking views - we were on the 19th floor overlooking the transAmerica Pyramid - stunning.Verdict: Not flashy but a good deal.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2005
<Rating>3	5	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Nob Hill Value March 2005My second time, staff very friendly, great views and location is awesome. My only complaint is the complimentary continental breakfast could use a bit more variety. But it is free!!Room clean, and always made up during the day. The rooms have stove, refrig. and microwave which can be great bringing home doggie bags from the fantastic restaurants that are in the vicinity.I'd book again no problem.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Cath999
<Content>Spacious and convenient Stayed here in May 04. Good, spacious room, with comfortable bed. Bathroom adequate (though not enormous). Loved having the kitchen! I got a good deal on expedia and it was very good value. Complimentary internet access downstairs a bonus. Location is fine provided you don't mind a steep clime!  
<Date>Mar 19, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Better than your average 3-star I stayed in this hotel for 4 nights in January 2005 and I must say how pleased I was. I usually stay in big hotel chains such as Hilton but I decided to try this hotel as I wanted space and not luxury. I was located on the 2nd floor (UK 1st floor) and as there are only 2 lifts (US elevators) the nearby stairs were handy due to the fact that on my visit one of the lifts was continously out of order. The suite was clean, spacious and beds very comfortable indeed. The bathroom was a little small and could do with larger towels (I prefer to reuse my towels more than once because when I'm at home I certainly don't change my towels every day) I like the fact that housekeeping services do not include washing dishes up...so if you use the excellent kitchenette facilities then I suggest you do your own washing up! It's not the job of the staff to clean up your dirty dishes. Having said that they do a great job in keeping your room clean. I appreciated the complimentary continental breakfast each morning and the use of the free internet. The last time I visited San Francisco I stayed at the Pan Pacific and service was not as good as it was here. And that's a 4 star hotel! The Grosvenor suites is located at the top of Nob Hill and the cable car takes you all the way up...it's only a block away. An excellent location even though it's a long hike up from Powell Street BART. All-in-all a thoroughly pleasant experience and I plan to return here on my next visit.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jodelle
<Content>Uncomfortable bed For sheer room space, this hotel can't be beat. But beware that the beds are very uncomfortable and the bathrooms are some of the smallest I've seen.The kitchenette is a nice feature and the hotel is in a very nice neighborhood.  
<Date>Dec 23, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Escape from stress... After a long seven months of trauma and stress, my wife and I needed a weekend to ourselves. Thr Grosvenor at first didn't seem to fit the bill except for the price which seemed higher than smaller BB's. But I took a chance and was pleasantly surprised. The hotel is not new and the rooms although remodeled, reflected that. But check-in was easy and the location very convenient. We stayed on the 18th floor and were wowed! by the veiws. Close to Union Square and both major Cable Car lines, an all day bus pass made moving around the city incredibly easy. The resturants and bars within 15 minute walk were very good and not over-priced. A 2 night stay extended into 3 nights and a very romantic long weekend. We felt like newlyweds on their first trip to San Francisco, rather than an old married couple of 22 years. Because the rooms have Kitchenettes, we even enjoyed a nice breakfast with the whole tapestry of San Franciso behind. Overall, we are going back...  
<Date>Dec 20, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kevincanada
<Content>it was okay, good for the price Not sure why this ranks so high, probably because of the relatively low price, other than that everything was very average  
<Date>Dec 13, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location and views AND price This converted apartment building still has kitchen amenities such as refrigerator, microwave, dishwasher and sink, which whould be ideal for a family visiting on a budget: always have available cold drinks, make your own lunches, or reheat Chinese food takeout or wrapped leftovers from last night's restaurant. My room (not on a corner) had a balcony where I observed sunsets over the city. Room was neat, well-kept.The hotel is near the top of Nob Hill, a steep climb up from nearby Grant Square on one side and Chinatown on the other; and near all kinds of municipal bus, cable car and bay-rail transportation (I came in with my carry-on by rail from SFO airport, returned for $15 by Expedia-arranged van). A Stoppard play at American Conservatory Theater was only a few blocks away.The price for these conveniences averaged $120/night - incredible, to this New Yorker, for a decent hotel room in the middle of an urban center Why pay more for a good night's sleep?  
<Date>Dec 12, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>xp01321
<Content>Good location for a good price We finally decided on staying at the Grosvenor Suites for our first three days in San Francisco. We arrived several hours delayed after a 15 hour trip from Europe and six hours of delay on top of that. One of us had a bag missing, but the cental location allowed some serious shopping at 10 pm and the following morning. The hotel staff were very helpful and pleasant and the room was very spacious with a nice view of the entire downtown area. We would definitely come back to this hotel.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Grosvenor Suites The hotel is in an extremely convenient location only 5 mins walk to Union Square down Powell Street, but maybe 10 minutes stagger back up the hill!We got an good deal from Expedia, direct flights from London, including 14 nights stay here for the price of 10 for less than 拢700 each in early October.Our room was large, 2 Queen beds and a generously sized bed settee. Fully equiped kitchenette and more than enough storage.The staff here were very friendly. The complimentary continental breakfast was a bonus as we were unaware of it before we arrived.Laundry and drying facilities available. I would definitely stay here again. Only real suggestion for modernisation would be the installation of air conditioning as we had a heatwave whilst we were there and it got a bit hot.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2004
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Can't say I'll stay again I stayed at the Grosvenor Suites from 10/24  10/25/04 and I was not impressed. It looks and feels like an old apartment building that has been converted into a hotel. On the plus side, the rooms are big and the view was good from my 14th floor room. On the down side, my room was very dated and worn (there were holes in the sofa cushion from the fold out bed) and towels were not very good. And I don't think this hotel is a great bargain either. I paid $179/night, which worked out to $204 after adding the room tax. I'll be back to San Francisco in 2 weeks and will be staying at the very highly recommended Orchard Hotel for $149/night + tax.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2004
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>FABULOUS SUITE...WILL HIGHLY RECOMEND...ENJOYED STAY       Outside view from room # 2  
<Date>Oct 26, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Leslie808
<Content>Lived up to expectations Based on advice on this site, I booked a 4 night stay here in September for a reunion of 5 high school friends. What a good choice! Close to everything, more than enough room. Outstanding service and a truly friendly and helpful staff.And right across the street from the Mark Hopkins hotel for drinks at Top of the Mark. I could not have asked for more.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2004
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>SoCal322
<Content>Great value I travel to San Francisco several times a year on business. I usually stay at the Stanford Court, which I really like, but stayed at Grosvenor last week for 2 nights. The room was LARGE and clean (I'm a stickler for clean). The bathroom very small, but newly renovated and clean. The location is excellent and the value very good for San Francisco (less than $100/night on Expedia). My room also had a balcony, which was very nice. Having read other reviews, I asked to see a corner suite in the event I travel there with my family some time and the desk clerk let me see a corner suite on the 14th floor. VERY LARGE suite. Impressive view. I plan to stay there again.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Only place to stay when in SF! This has to be the best hotel I have stayed in. I got a great deal through Expedia, and although I was last to arrive on the day I checked in, I was placed in room 1604 (16th Floor) with views overlooking Haight Ashbury. The hotel rooms are actually suites containing a Fridge and Freezer, a Microwave, and Oven. The Rooms are also large and contain comfy king size beds, sony radio alarm clocks, TV with about 70 channels and bathrooms with bath/showers. The rooms are also Clean! The cleaning staff do a great job here!A small brekfast room was open for long hours in the mornings from about 7:00 to about 10:30 providing loverly toasted cream cheese bagels and fruit juices, as well as coffee. The reception area has a Internet Computer which is free to use- Although it did get busy at times they are planning on putting more computers in! The staff on reception were friendy and very helpful- Ask them for a map of the area and it contains a voucher for a airport shuttle company meaning you only have to pay $9 to get from the hotel to the airport and a voucher for renting a bike for a day!No fault to the hotel, the only thing about it is, it is at the top of the hills, which means its nice walking down, but not so nice walking back up. There is a good convienence store on the corner of Powell and Pine and restaurants/take aways are near by. Check out Uncle Visto Pizza which is a few blocks from the hotel.If I ever go back to SF, this is the place where I will want to stay!  
<Date>Oct 9, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gabelou75
<Content>very nice/un tres tres bon hotel we stay 2 weeks in this hotel and it s a great place very nice, and a very nice team.We used expedia and have a very good price.What a pleasant journey.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>SanCarlosGuy
<Content>Can't Be Beat! Just returned from a 3 night stay at the Grosvenor Suites and couldn't be more pleased with the accomodations, location and cleanliness. I had a room on the 18th floor with a small balcony. The view was picture post card sensational of the Financial District, the Esat Bay, Coit Tower and more! Located in a good neighborhood too. (By the way, some of the top, high priced hotels in the city are very near seedy areas).The room was simple but immaculate. Tons of TV channels and surprisingly quiet despite a very noisy hotel strike going on at the Mark Hopkins a block up Nob Hill. The hotel is walking distance to the recently revamped Union Square and Chinatown.SF is a city not to be missed. I'm planning on returning in June and will definately stay at the Grosvenor Suites on Pine St.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2004
<Rating>5	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Sue020
<Content>outstanding value at the Grosvenor Suites Just returned from an 8 day stay at the Grosvenor Suites. We had an amazing corner suite on the top (19th) floor. The views were stunning from all sides - difficult to tear ourselves away from the night time views over the city. This suite had millionnaire type penthouse views at a bargain price and to top it all, a balcony to sit out on with the cocktails! Absolutely no complaints at all about any aspect of this hotel. Note, however, that the balcony and the opening windows this high up, which we loved, might be a problem if you have small children, or suffer from vertigo!  
<Date>Sep 24, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Azonie
<Content>Heads up When we booked a room here for July, we compared the Expedia rate to the hotel's rate, which was higher. After talking to the hotel reservation desk, we decided to pay more for a suite based on the assurance that we would get a better room. That did not turn out to be the case. We were shown to a room that was in worn condition with a poor view. It did not look like the photos on the Web site. We asked to upgrade and were given a corner one-bedroom suite. It was a huge improvement for a higher price. Definitely book the larger corner suites at the Expedia price!The suite was spacious but not luxurious. The living room and kitchen were comfortable but the mattresses were not. The bath also was cramped. The clientel here is mixed -- half tourists and half year-round residents with rent-controlled apartments. The hotel's location is great -- good access to Chinatown, Union Square and the Wharf. Be prepared for a mixed bag.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TravellerWithTwoKids
<Content>Grosvenor Suites - hit or miss? We just returned from a two-night stay at the Grosvenor Suites with our 10-month old daughter. When we walked into our room, we were totally impressed - large spacious room with huge windows and a balcony, beautifully renovated bathroom with granite countertops and granite counters in the small kitchenette, new microwave, lovely TV armoire, etc. We did notice it was a little hot in the room and couldn't find the air conditioning switch so we called to the front desk to find out there was no A/C in the building! I know we should have known that when we booked through Expedia but I guess we just didn't notice since it was a 3-star hotel. Anyway, no matter, we figured since the last time we were in town (a week prior) the night had been fairly cool and there was no need for A/C. Turns out to be a heat wave for our two-night stay so we leave the balcony door open to try and get some breeze, despite the fact that there was no screen on it, only to be accosted by flies in the middle of the night. My husband and my daughter both woke up with several fly bites!On top of that when we showered the next morning we noticed that first of all the exhaust fan was broken and second of all that the tub wasn't draining. We realized that the tub stopper lever was broken but if you stepped on it and kept it held down, it would open and the tub would drain (this after being up to my shins in water!). So we ended up showering by standing on one foot with the other foot on the lever to drain the tub! On top of that the toilet didn't stop running the entire stay - so much for our renovated bathroom!On the flip side, the location is great - a few blocks from Union Square and very close to the cable cars and close to Chinatown. The front desk staff were very nice and it was great to use the free internet in the lobby to check my email. The continental breakfast was advertised as limited so we were happy with the bagels / danishes / muffins and juice and coffee. The juice was actually quite good. Also, the fridge and microwave come in very handy for a baby still on formula. There are also dishes and a small stove with oven which is great for an extended stay or families.The reason I titled this review hit or miss is because if we had have been there in cooler weather and not needed A/C or a screen on the patio door or if we were in a room without the bathroom problems we would've rated this place Excellent, but given the circumstances we weren't pleased at all!  
<Date>Sep 6, 2004
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great value Spent five nights at theGrosvenor in May, 04.Studio suite with a queen bed. Full and clean kitchen. Light and roomy. But most of all, sliding glass doors and my own wonderful balcony! The view was fine, but not being hermetically sealed in ....priceless. Pleasant staff, nice continental breakfast, and a fine location. All for $109/night. Hard to beat that.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>fabulous My family stayed here in August and it was a fabulous experience. The staff were very helpful and they went out of their way to make our visit comfortable. I was traveling with my entire family including my 9 month old infant. The room was great because it had a kitchen and a separate bedroom which made it so much easier with my daughter. The room was comfortable and clean at an excellent price. You can't beat the location of the hotel. It was very centrally located to everything. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone especially those who are traveling with children.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Location- Good for families Good Nob Hill Location in San Francisco. Easy access to 2 cable car lines, and a short 3 block walk to MUNI Bus Line #30 and Chinatown.Fairly easy downhill walk to Union Square and Convention  Visitors Bureau.Rooms were clean and a nice size for families.Our Suite had a bedroom with 2 doubles, and a living room with a pull-out sofa. There was one bathroom and a small kitchenette with stove and fridge. Small Continental breakfast was served downstairs-just bagels and donuts/ juice and coffee.The price was right- we paid only $148/night thru expedia. Great deal compared to smaller hotel rooms at the wharf were running about $210/night.This hotel is about 2 blocks from the Ritz Carlton, which is also much more expensive.I would recommend staying here again, because it's nice to be a little bit removed from the tourist craziness at Fisherman's Wharf.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2004
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location and nice room for a reasonable rate We just returned from San Francicso, and we spent our first weekend at the Grosvenor Suites Hotel. We then went to Sonoma and Monterey. When we returned to San Francisco we stayed at The Argonaut Hotel. The Argonaut Hotel was nice, but for about half of the price of a room at the Argonaut Hotel, I will opt for the Grosvenor Suites Hotel the next time I go. I was a little concerned when I first entered the hotel lobby because there really isn't any. You walk through the front door, and there is basically just a desk there with a person standing there to check you in. So, the initial impression was that I was concerned. However, all of the staff was extremely nice and helpful. The hotel is older, but our room, which was one of the smaller suites with two queen beds was very spacious. There were four of us with a lot of luggage, and space and storage area was not a problem. The bathroom was extremely small. It basically consists of a small sink with a toilet directly next to it and then the tub/shower combo directly next to it. However, we managed without too much difficulty, as there were ample mirrors in the room itself that we could use to put on make up, etc. The location was excellent. The cable car was less than a block away. The Mark Hopkins Hotel and the Fairmont Hotel were one and one and a half blocks away. Therefore, if you wanted the ambience of a great view, nice lobby and a good drink, they were easily within walking distance, as long as you enjoy a good uphill climb. Parking was $25.00 per day, but that is pretty much the norm in San Francisco. However, you can access your car easily and without the necessity of a valet, so that made it nice. If you're looking for a nice room at a reasonable rate without a lot of the frills of the higher priced hotels, I would definitely recommend the Grosvenor Suites Hotel!  
<Date>Jul 25, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>HOLIDAYMAKERIreland
<Content>very impressed I am currently staying here for 1 week 06/july to 13 julyreally impreesed massive rooms  spotless super friendly staff excellent cont breakfast taxi to downtown or wharf around $6 excelent value for money overall  
<Date>Jul 10, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TravelingClayton
<Content>Affordable and close to local attractions! My partner and I recently stayed at the Grosvenor Suites. We booked a junior suite with a queen bed. It was the ideal amount of space for the two of us. The suite was not quite as nice as the one pictured on the website, but we were not disappointed. Housekeeping service was very good, and the complimentary breakfast was a nice start to the day. The employees were friendly and knowledgeable. The hotel is close to a cable car stop at the top of Knob Hill. (Definintely use the cable car because the uphill walk can be difficult.) I also recommend purchasing the City Pass while you're in San Francisco.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>PErfect Place For A Family We just spend 4 nights at the Grosvenor and loved our corner suite. We are a family of 4 and this gave us the space we crave when traveling on holiday. From the friendly staff to the great location to the very reasonable price, the Grosvenor was a perfect choice.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hoffman_david
<Content>Great hotel, great location I chose the Grosvenor based in part on reviews here on TripAdvisor, and we were not disappointed. We arrived before check-in time, but it was no problem parking in the adjacent structure, and the bellman came right to our van to take our luggage to storage. After a day exploring San Francisco (the cable car to Fisherman's Wharf is just a couple of blocks away), we returned to the hotel. Unfortunately, no bellmen were available at that time (around 10pm), so the manager just opened the storage room for us to carry the bags to our room. But what a room! Our family of 5 had a beautiful corner suite on the top (17th?) floor with two great views. It truly was more of an apartment than a hotel room. The continental breakfast (donuts, bagels, juice, coffee) was okay for the kids ... I would have liked a little more variety. When we checked out, the clerk sadly forgot to charge us the $25 for parking :^) All in all, a very good site at a very reasonable rate.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2004
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel even Greater City!!! Just came back from a weeks stay at the Grosvenor Suites Hotel (June 20-27). As others have mentioned this hotel is great. The rooms were very clean, spacious and the full kitchen was a nice touch. I had an amazing city view (room 1810) corner suite especially at night with all the building lights lit up truly breathtaking. This was also a non smoking floor which I appreciated it. My only complaint was the water pressure was a bit low for the showers and there is no Bubble Bath so bring your own. But those are minor qualms it's still worth staying there. This hotel is also in the heart of the city so everything is relativley close by. There's a 24 grocery store just 4 blocks from the hotel called Cala Foods on Hyde St. Very inexpensive. Downtown is also a 15 minute walk but beware Pine St is very high up so coming back you might want to grab the street car on California St which is the next street over from Pine then get off at Powell and walk down one block to the hotel. Chinatown is also just 3 blocks over. San Francisco is truly one of the most beautiful city's out there and no matter where you stay it's so easy to get around and impossible to get lost. Everything is within close proximity it's just the hilly terrain that makes it hard to get to some places but just get a city pass like I did and that will give you access to all the cable cars and buses so when your tired of walking just grab a street car or get on a bus and enjoy the sights. The maps they give out to all the hotels are great cause the list all the streets and public transportaion routes. So like I said earlier you can not get lost in this city.If you have time besides the Golden Gate bridge (duh!) be sure to visit twin peaks. It's the city's highest point at 940 ft above sea level and the view is spectacular. Just make sure you go when it's sunny not cloudyEnjoy!!!  
<Date>Jun 30, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rjg4321
<Content>Great Apartment Hotel Just returned from a short West coast holiday and without any doubt the Grosvenor Suites was the best place we stayed at. Ideal location very close to cable cars and bus and very helpful front desk staff. Small grocery store 2 blocks away for basics to make use of the kitchenette facility in the room. We also had a view downtown from the 7th floor. Would stay there again any time we are visiting the city.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ohioted
<Content>Loved Grosvenor Suites I have always wanted to go to San Francisco so my partner and I along with our very good friends traveled to San Fran. and have just returned from spending 8 nights at the Grosvenor Suites. EXCELLENT location and our room was GREAT!! We had a corner suite (which we did not book) but ended up in a corner suite no addtional charge. From the moment we checked in to the day we checked out we had a great time and the hotel staff was EXCELLENT!! We even called down and asked about resturants and their recommendations were great!! We LOVED staying on Nob Hill, be prepared to walk up the hill though as sometimes the Trolley Cars get packed and if you don't want to wait then you will have a uphill walk from downtown. We both HIGHLY recommend Grosvenor Suites and will stay there again!!  
<Date>Jun 8, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lovetotravel00
<Content>great for families Our family of six, two adults, four children, spent a total of 4 nights at Grosvenor Suites. The corner bedroom suites had terrific views of the city and was spacious enough for all of us. The breakfast was simple: donuts, bagels, juice, coffee... high on carbs, low on other. The location was superb, two blocks from Powell, 1/4 mile from Chinatown, which my 3 daughters loved! Since we'd leave the room at 9 a.m. and not return until 10 p.m., the price was right for this type of accomodation. A big plus was having access to washer and dryers in the basement, especially after having spent a week at Yosemite. Another great amenity was having internet access in order to check email and the web. I'd stay here again with my family anytime.  
<Date>May 24, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Friendly, convenient hotel We spent two weeks at the Suites and had a great time. The staff were friendly and helpful, the bagel and danish breakfasts were tasty, and the rooms were excellent - we had a superb view from the 12th floor looking east to the financial district and the bay. The kitchenette was useful for occasions when we were too tired to go out for meals. It's in a great location - a short walk (uphill) from the Powell St BART station - and also one block from a cable car stop.Highly recommended.  
<Date>May 24, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Bonzer
<Content>wonderful stay at Grosvenor suites 5 nights in San Francisco April 23-27 2004. Stayed at the Grosvenor Suites. Room on the 4th floor northside facing Pine. That was fortunate because the city was having a record hit wave and our room stayed nice and cool. There is little street noise on that side, it is a residential area surrounded by 2 major hotels. Area is close to public transportation, BART (goes to the airport), cable cars and buses. In a great neighborhood. There is a full size grocery store a short cable car ride away on Cailifornia Street. We had 2 beds in the room a couch, a dining area with table and chairs. The small kitchen was spotless with all dishes and appliances needed. There was a light breakfast offered, the bagels were very good. The staff were genuinely friendly and helpful. I reserved a room at this hotel specfically due to this website and I am truly grateful to those that submitted their comments. Very enthused about the hotel and will return.  
<Date>May 1, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>crimson999
<Content>Ideal suite in the heart of The City The Grosvenor Suites offer apartment style living in an ideal location on Nob Hill. We were upgraded to a corner suite and the value was incredible. A large suite such as this would cost at least double or triple the amount with a chain.Location-wise this place is hard to beat with the cable cars onthe corner of the same block.Suggest visitors treat this hotel as an apartment complex as it is more this than hotel style. Having said that all staff were very friendly. Full kitchen (tucked away in cupboard style) means apartment living is very easy (grocery stores within a block)Location, value and suite size make the Grosvenor suites exceptional value in SF  
<Date>Apr 27, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Live like a San Franciscan This place is a real find. You get to stay in your own San Francisco apartment whilst paying no more than you would for a hotel. We had an apartment on the fourteenth floor with a fantastic view over the city, Union Square and to the hills beyond. You get to hear the distant ringing of the cable cars and get the full city experience without being disturbed by any other traffic or outside noise. The rooms are clean and furnished to at least a British three star standard with a fully functioning kitchenette. We had a junior suite which gave us separate living and bedroom areas and I really would recommend this to get the proper apartment experience. The staff are friendly and helpful and the free internet access in the lobby is useful for booking extra's like cars and spa treatments in the city. With a location just a few blocks from Union Square and just one block from both cable car lines this hotel really can't be beaten.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Frobozz
<Content>An excellent value We spent three nights in a corner suite on the 13th floor. Very good rooms (really, they're apartments) and some beautiful views (ours was) at an excellent price. The kitchenette is a nice bonus, the neighborhood is great and all the cable car lines are nearby. Staff is excellent -- they even can arrange rides back to the airport via their own car service (a Lincoln Town Car). The 'continental breakfast' is just pastries and drinks -- no fruit or anything else. There's a (pricey) small grocery store a block away so you can load up on snacks, etc.If you're lucky, you'll meet Mary and Vivian, the San Francisco twins. They live in a rent-controlled apartment in the building. When we met them in the elevator, they looked lovely in matching leopard-skin cowboy hats, blonde wigs and furs.An excellent bargain and a place I'd definitely enjoy again.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good value for money with attentive staff Our first stay in San Francisco and very enjoyable.The staff were very helpful and the free internet access was a bonus.Simple breakfast but it saved us having to go out each morning.The first room we had was a little tired but we were soon offered a new room when we drew the matter to the attention of the staff. We would certainly stay there again.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Terrific for families I really appreciated being able to put my daughter to sleep in the bedroom and then having a different room to go to afterwords. In a normal hotel room, I end of going to sleep at 8pm because that's when her bedtime is. A real value. Having a small kitchen and a refridgerator made our lives much simpler too.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel, great deals My first vacation with 3 other friends in San Francisco.The Hotel is just great. We had a Junior Suite. The room has a lot of space. To have a kitchenette was great, too. We used it when we were to tired to go out for Dinner.The Location is very central. 2 Minutes away from the Cable Car Stop. Some Blocks to Shopping areas on Union Square.If I go to San Francisco again Ill book this hotel again!  
<Date>Feb 24, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Value! Stayed here 2/5/03- 2/12/03. As a woman traveling solo on extended business trips, I always seek properties that have a kitchenette, are in a decent area, and relatively close to the Moscone Center. Read previous positive reviews of the Grosvenor Suites on TripAdvisor, booked through Expedia and received an outstanding value (my 7 night stay averaged a daily rate of $62.00!!!). I requested and received a higher level floor which cut down on street noise and offered a nice view of the East Bay. The studio room was quite large with 2 queen beds, a sofa, a table and chairs, closests galore, and a kitchenette stocked with pots, pans,wine glasses, silverware, plates, coffee maker, (even a corkscrew!), toaster, full oven, rangetop, microwave, full fridge. (BYO Coffee filters) Absolutely more than adequate for my needs but would be wonderful for a family. I believe I had one of the smaller suites and can only imagine that the 1 bedroom suites are truly huge! My only negative comment is that the room had a lived in sort of smell that I suggested to management could probably be handled by having the sofa cleaned. They do have a complimentary continental breakfast in the lobby every morning with coffee, juices, and assorted pastries.The hotel is on Nob Hill directly across from the Mark Hopkins and 1 blk from the Powell Mason Cable Car. I walked to and from the Moscone Center (a good hike) that is easy when going downhill and burns a lot of carbs on the way back! The front desk staff was always helpful - ask Don for his listing and mini-reviews of local restaurants.I have stayed at other hotels in this city where the rooms cost 3 times as much, were veritiable shoeboxes, and were quite noisy to boot. If you want a luxury hotel with more elaborate furnishings and room service, look elsewhere. If you want a terrific location with a large comfy room at a good value, I highly recommend this propery.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AE1066
<Content>The Grovesnor is a very comfortable choice. The Grovesnor's Junior suite offerred space and comfort, and an incredible view from the 18th floor. Although we did not make use of the complete kitchen, having a living room separate from the bedroom was a real plus, especially since one of us is an early riser. The location was convenient to public transportation which we used since we knew better than to drive around San Francisco. Although the lobby is tiny, having free internet access and pleasant, helpful and knowledgeable staff made up for the lack of public space. We would certainly return on our next visit to the City.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2004
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Value Suite Hotel in an upmarket area Booked this hotel through Expedia UK after reading reviews on here. The hotel is situated in a fantastic part of San Francisco, 5 mins walk from Chinatown, and bang opposite the Mark Hopkins Hotel. 5 mins from Union Square. Hotel is as described on its website, very clean spacious suites, with small kitchenette. Maid service is OK, they just come in, hoover and make the beds... they don't do the washing up, but I can cope with that !! Breakfast is muffins /danish pastries, coffee, and juice, which you can take back up to your room if you want. Staff are friendly and helpful. Having spent half a day down at Fisherman's Wharf today, I am so glad that I did not book a hotel down there... the hotels down there look a bit run down.... if you want to stay in an area that is a glorified Blackpool, stay there, if you want to stay somewhere a bit more upmarket in a nice area, stay here. You won't regret it.  
<Date>Feb 3, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Bargain Accomodations My son and I recently stayed at the Grosvenour Suites on Pine Street (Jan. 5-10). The Grosvenour Suites is actually an apartment building that has been converted into a hotel, although I estimate there are still approximately 30 full time residents still living there. They provide a daily continental breakfast that consists of juice, coffee, bagels and sweet rolls. I would rate the continental breakfast a notch below average. A plus that I did not know about until arriving is a computer is available, free of charge, in the lobby area. It is on a first come first served basis, but I did not have any problems getting a turn. The Grosvenour Suites is just a short walk (a block) to the cable car lines, which is the preferred mode of transportation in San Francisco. The hotel is also walking distance to the main hub of the downtown area. The daily housekeeping service was excellent. We stayed on the Pine Street side of the hotel so the noise level is quite high, but that is to be expected in a large downtown metro area. The kitchenette was quite useful during our stay as well. The only problem we had was they charged us a per minute rate for internet useage in our room, although we brought our own provider. I am in the process of having this matter resolved. The per minute charge is not mentioned in any hotel literature. This was a little annoying to find this out at checkout. Based on the price paid for the accomodations, I would say this place is a bargain. I would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Jan 13, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>playagurl
<Content>Meet the SF twins! I loved our stayed at the Grosvenor Suites. we meet the San Francisco twins who had lived in the building since the 1970s. That was cool. It is in a convenient location and not at all noisy. Great for a long stay. Would definitely go back!  
<Date>Jan 12, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We'd love to come back As a family with small children we stayed 7 nights at the Grosvenor Suites in one of their Queen Suites. The rooms were of a good size, the kitchenette was handy, breakfast was a bonus. The TV had the required children's fare.The staff were all very helpful and friendly. The concierge staff were able to provide useful travel advice, where to get a good Italian or Chinese meal and just made us all feel welcome.The hotel is one block from the cable cars on Powell or California. We would recommend it to anyone. We certainly hope to be back someday!  
<Date>Nov 25, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it!   showReview(1483325, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 12, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>very friendly, helpful staff   showReview(1420329, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 23, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Really enjoyed the Grosvenor Suites   showReview(1420005, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 23, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ElviraCalgary_Canada
<Content>Very Pleasant Stay   showReview(1378809, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 8, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A wonderful place for a family to stay!   showReview(1269175, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 29, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location, nice rooms!   showReview(1268974, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 29, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>skpke
<Content>Highly recommended   showReview(1149694, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 27, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kmw1961
<Content>Great Choice   showReview(1128704, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 5, 2003
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Location ok, but ...   showReview(1119001, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 30, 2003
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Dara50
<Content>Sweet.   showReview(1090425, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 16, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bien situ茅   showReview(20554274, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>internetdream
<Content>Collegato bene all'aeroporto   showReview(19873501, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>bboivin62
<Content>Id茅alement situ茅   showReview(19674378, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bon h么tel bien situ茅   showReview(19630141, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>ericdeparis13
<Content>Tres bien situe   showReview(19298579, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 24, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	4	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bien situ茅, une tr猫s bonne adresse.   showReview(19630140, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s agr茅able et tr猫s bien situ茅   showReview(19630139, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 3, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel tr猫s bien citu茅 脿 conseiller   showReview(17438695, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 22, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>J'y retourne sans h茅siter   showReview(15573402, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Une formule tr猫s int茅ressante   showReview(15573401, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 19, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Billie33
<Content>Parfait pour une famille   showReview(14172216, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 9, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sch枚nes Hotel in der Innenstadt - Parkplatz sehr teuer   showReview(11308805, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 8, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>famillem
<Content>id茅al pour une famille   showReview(8874952, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Klasse Aussicht   showReview(11443100, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 2, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sympathique Hotel proche de tout   showReview(11398836, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 1, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tr猫s bien situ茅 pour visiter San Francisco   showReview(11344884, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 14, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>id茅alement situ茅 et bonnes prestations   showReview(11331983, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 30, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

